966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Lieutenant Commander Jolin N. Qnackenbtish
be taken from tbe Speaker's table and put
upon its passage.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time. It authorizes
the President of the United States to nomi-
nate, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint Lieutenant Com-
mander John N. Quackenbush. to the active
list of the Navy, with the rank to which lie
m;iy be entitled thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ia this recommended by
the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. HALE. It is. I move the previous
question.
•The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which tbe joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past one
o'clock has arrived, and the House has ordered
ibat, to the exclusion of all other orders, the
day from this time forward shall be given to
the Committee on the Territories to report.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2537) for the relief of John
Kelly, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for the
reissue of certain bonds, &c.
TRADE WITH BRITISH AMERICA.
The SPEAKER, bynnauimous consent,laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting to the House a
report on the state of trade between the Uni-
ted States and the British Xorth American
possessions.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the communication will be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I suggest
whether that report had not better go to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I presume
it relates to the subject of the tariff.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the communication will have that reference,
and be ordered to be printed. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. CULLOM. I yield fora moment to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb.]
william p. tiiomasson.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table the
joint resolution (H. JR. No. 420) for the relief
of William P. Thomasson, which has been
returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment. My object is to ask the House to con-
cur in the amendment.
The joint resolution and the amendment of
the Senate were read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think that joint reso-
lution had better go on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to taking it up ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. I will yieldfora moment to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gahfield] to report a bill for the
purpose of having it printed merely.
Mr. HAND ALL. 1 have no objection to that.
REISSUE OP NATIONAL BANK NOTES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous ,
consent, from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2938) to
provide for the reissue of national bank notes,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the commit-
tee, arid ordered to be printed, with the under-
standing that it should not be brought back by
a motion to reconsider.
BOUNDARIES OF IDAHO.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 1241) to extend the boundaries of Idaho,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNDARIES OF NEVADA.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 120) to
extend the boundaries of the State of Nevada,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from ihe further consideration of the same,
and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 68) to
extend the right of suffrage in the Territories of
the United States, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
P0LYGA51T.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 04) to
discourage polygamy in Utah by granting suf-
frage to the women of that Territory, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, tbe joint resolution (H. R.
No. 93) for the suppression of polygamy in the
Territory of Utah, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
big hoes, etc., mixing association.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon House joint resolu-
tion No. 233, in relation to the Big Horn and
Black Hill Mining Association, and moved that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
supreme judges of idaho.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee. reported adversely upon House bill No. !j
2783, to fix the pay of the supreme judges of
Idaho lerritory, and moved that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the same be laid on the table. 1
The motion was agreed to. !
SALARIES OF TERRITORIAL GOVERNORS, ETC. j
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit. I
tee, reported adversely upon House bill No- j
2782, to equalize and fix the salaries of the !
Governors and secretaries of the Territories ,
of the United States of America, and moved ;
that the committee be discharged from its fur- '
ther consideration, and that the same be laid j
on the table.
The motion was agreed to. I
Mr, CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported Adversely upon House bill No.
2904, regulating the salaries of the Governors
of the Territories of Colorado, Dakota, Idaho,
Montana, and Wyoming, and moved that tho
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the same be laid on tho
table.
The motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon House bill No.
1446, amendatory of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1ST0," and
moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that the same be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ANNUAL LEGISLATIVE SESSIONS IN UTAH.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon the memorial of
the Governor and Legislature of Utah Terri-
tory, asking for annual sessions of the Legis-
lature, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon the memorial of
the delegates of the Creek nation, protesting
against Congress organizing a territorial form
of government for the Indian Territory, aed
moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that tbe same be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ACTS OF WYOMING LEGISLATURE.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon House bill No.
1402, to repeal certain acts passed by the ter-
ritorial Legislature of Wyoming, and moved
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ACT OF JJEW MEXICO LEGISLATURE.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the game commit-
tee, reported adversely upon House bill No.
1851, to annul a portion of a certain statute of
the Territory of New Mexico, and moved that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the same be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
territorial government f01! district.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon House bill No.
1002, to provide a territorial government for
the District of Columbia, and moved that the
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that, the saiue be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
territory of lincoln.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon House bill No.
1001, to organize the Territory of Lincoln and
to consolidate the Indian tribes under a terri-
torial government, aud moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TITLES TO MINING LANDS.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit
tee, reported adversely upon the memorial of
the mayor and city council of Central, Col-
orado, relative to titles to mining lands, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
