140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
understood even by lawyers. In the Federal,
State, and English courts there is but one
decision. In the case of The United States to.
Wilson, (7Peters, ISO,) ChiefJustice Marshall,
speaking of the pardoning power, said :
"As this power had been exercised from time im-
memorial by the Executive of that nation, whose
language is our language, and to whose judicialinsti-
tutions ours beara close resemblance, we adopttheir
principles respecting the operation and effect of a
pardon, and look into their books for the rules pre-
scribing the manner in which it is to be used by the
person who would avail himself of it."
In Sharswood's Biackstoue (volume two,
page 402) it is said :
"The effect of a pardon is to make the offender a
new man; to acquit him of all corporal penalties and
forfeitures annexed to that offense for which he ob-
tains a pardon ; it gives him a new credit and capa-
city ; and the pardon of treason or felony, even after
conviction or attainder, will enable a man to have an
action of slander for calling him a traitor or felon."
Bacon's Abridgment says:
"The stroke being pardoned, the effects of it are
consequently pardoned."
And referring to Cole's case, in tlie old and
accurate reporter, Plowden, (page 401,) Bacon
says, also, (pages 415, 416, notes a and &;)
"The pardon removes all punishment and legal
disability."
See, too, Gilbert on Evidence, 128; Brown
vs. Brashaw, 2 Bulstrode, 154; Wicks vs.
Smallbrooke, 1 Siderlin, 52.
In Bishop's Criminal Lawitissaid, (sec. 713:)
"The effect of afull parrlon is to absolve the party
from Jill the consequences of his crime and of his
conviction therefor, direct find collateral; it frees
him from the punishment, whether of imprisonment,
pecuniary penalty, or whatever else the law has pro-
vided."
In the Pennsylvania case of Cope vs. Com-
monwealth, (28 Pennsylvania State R., 297,)
the court say:
"We are satisfied, however, that although the
remission of the fine imposed would not discharge
the offender from all the consequences of his guilt,
a full pardon of the offense would."
In the Massachusetts case of Perkins vs.
Stevens, (24 Pickering, 280,) it is said:
"It h only a full pardon of tbo offense which can
wipe away the infamy of the conviction and reetore
the convict to his civil rights."
In ex parte Secombe (19 Howard, 9,) the
Supreme Court say, (by Chief Justice Taney:)
"It rests exclusively with the court to determine
who is qualified to become ono of its officers as an
attorney and counselor, and for what cause ho ought
to bo removed. The power, however, is not an arbi-
trary and despotic one, to bo exercised at the pleas-
ure of the court, or from passion, prejudice, or per-
sonal hostility; but it is tlio duty of tlio court to
exorcise and regulate it by sound and just judicial
discretion, wlieroby the rights and independence of
tbo bar tu.iy lie as scrupulously guarded and main-
tained by the court as the rights and dignity of the
eonrt itself."
For a definition of amnesty, I may remark
that the word comes from the Greek, and
means oblivion, the state or condition of being
forgotten, no longer remembered. When Thra-
sybulus had overcome and dethroned the Thirty
Tyrants, he induced iiis followers, by his per-
suasive eloquence and by the influence which
bis noble virtues gave him, to pass an act of
perpetual oblivion in favor of an oligarchical
party, from whom they had suffered atrocious
wrongs, to forget, to remember no longer the
past offenses, giievous as they were; and this
act of clemency, running back to about the year
403 B. C., he called amnesty. The llomans,
too, had their amnesty, which they called aboli-
tio, and which is thus defined in their law:
" Abolitio est deletio, oblivio• vel cziiaclio accti-
sationis."
Flemming and -Tibbins, in their dictionary,
(tit. " Ainnutie") define it: "Pardon qu'on
accorde des rebelles oh a des dtsertairs."
In the matter of a person named Clemency,
(De Villeneuve and Carrette, vol. 1825-27,
part 1. page 135,) the court of.cassation say:
"If the effect of letters of pardon is limitsd to tho
remission of the whole or a part of the penalties
pronuuneed iisniust ono or more individuals; it they
leave the oltetise still subsisting, as well as the cul-
pability of the pardoned, and even declare the jus-
tics of the condemnation, it is otherwise with respect
to a full and complete amnesty, which carries with
it the extinction of the offenses of which it is the
object; of the prosecutionscomineiicedor to becom-
menced; of the condemnations which may have been
or which may be pronounced; so that these offenses,
covered with the veil of the law by the royal power
and clemency, are, with respect to courts and tribu-
nals, as if they had never been committed, saving to
third persons their right to reparation by civil action
for injury to them."
These extracts and decisions are conclusive
of the meaning of amnesty and pardon. I
refer to them to show the comprehensive effect
of the proclamations of the Executive, under
the Constitution, so as to limft the discussion
to the constitutional disabilities. I come now
to the detail of the bill. I object toexcep-
tions fifth, sixth, and seventh of the third sec-
tion.
The fifth leaves it an open question as to
what is cruelty to prisoners, or what the usages
of war as to their treatment. Who determines
this? Why leave that open? Does it go to the
courts?
If it be left open as to confederate, why not
as to Federal treatment of prisoners? If it is
a question of war and its usages, a question
of humanity, the exception should be enlarged,
or should not exist.
The sixth clause excepts scoundrels in our
own armies who are defaulters and embez-
zlers. There should be no relief for such ; I
agree to that; bntl would strikeout the whole
section, and let the laws of the United States
pursue all snch miscreants. A general am-
nesty, being of a political character, should
not give impunity to such. If the first section
does that, let this exception be made a proviso
to that section.
As to deserters and bounty jumpers the same
rule should apply, except this, that there are
thousands of patriotic and brave soldiers who
fought through the war to its end. and who
left the Army before their final discharge ; such
are deserters technically, and it would be a
perpetuation of cruelty to keep so shameful a
record against so many deserving men.
But what shall I say of the last section ? Can
it be treated seriously? An act of oblivion for
the agents atid officers of the United States
engaged in reconstruction ! What a confes-
sion! Do they indeed require oblivion? Then
let the dark wing shade those who created and
those who directed or permitted them to harass
and outrage a conquered people. Let there
be oblivion and amnesty to the members of the
Reconstruction Committee first, to the Con-
gress next, and to the tools and parasites
of these laws last; and thus would 1 reverse
the order of this bill with respectto the rebel-
lion. Your bill, sirs, proposes to proscribe
the Davises, Stephenses, Toombses, Vances,
el alios, while it forgives their ductile instru-
ments. But in this new amnesty to the Repub-
lican party the order is reversed. You relieve
the leaders and give amnesty to the subor-
dinates.
Besides, if such a law be required, why limit
it to the reconstruction acts ? Is it intended
to protect the Terrys and other satraps of the
South? Why, then, not protect those soldiers,
including the Commander-in-Chief and his
martial and marine minions, who were thrust
into Delaware, Maryland, and New York to
carry out your force bills against voters? Why
not pass the waters of oblivion over the thieves,
burglars, and pimps of high and low degree,
the scum of the sewers of New York, selected
by Judge Woodruff, after protest by its honored
mayor, under your law to purify elections made
by you to be applied to New York ciiy?
If there ever was a case for the most compre-
hensive system of pardon, the flagrant execu-
tion by the most unconscionable scoundrels
of this hemisphere of your late law is one.
There is only one relief to the mind in think-
ing of it, to wit: that your law and its execu-
tion aroused such a thorough, hearty, and
universal feeling of indignation and contempt
that its advocates and officers went down into
the sloughs of oblivion so deep that the hand
of amnesty never could restore them. Only
the bubbles, like those from Dante's ghosts in
hell, indicate their place in the inferno of
departed wretches.
If the Republican party require amnesty, as
it would seem by this bill, let them grant it
without reserve. If you are reserved, it im-
plies an assumption on your part of infallibil-
ity beyond all conception. Let him who is
without sin throw the first stone. As it is con-
fessed by this bill that something is needed to
redeem the weakness and sinfulness of "re-
construction" and its agents, there ought to
be a studious unreserve in the charity of
amnesty toward the South. But this bill has
most of its meaning confined to the fourth
section. It is a grand system of release for
wrongs done by reconstruction minions, and to
compensate for a meager amnesty is accorded
to the southern leaders. It is a dicker, a trade,
a species of compensation; a quid pro quo,
with the quo for reconstruction rather larger
than the quid for rebellion. It reminds me of
a remark made by a predecessor of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Botler,] I
mean Mr. Horace Mann, who was so unkind
as to say that the orthodox Yankee would
never accept the doctrine of atonement, were
it not such a good bargain. He got so much
grace for so small a soul—so much for so little.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am almost sorry that on
a bill of this nature I have been drawn from
the consideration of the amenities of amnesty
by such an irrelevant section as the last one.
It was my purpose, after an analysis of the bill,
after showing its prescriptive character, to
draw lessons from history for our guidance in
framing a generous amnesty.
In our own history we have the proclama-
tions of Washington, Adams, Madison, and
Lincoln. They breathe the spirit of human-
ity, for they emanate from officers who bad
apparently no party ends to subserve and no
disfranchisements to perpetuate. Another
spirit, that of military rule and heathen retali-
ation, has prevailed and yet prevails. It is the
essence of this bill. The world has been cursed
with military captains like Alva in the Nether-
lands, and 'l'urenne m the Palatinate ; soldiers
who made merry the exception and devasta-
tion the rale. From such exasperating poli-
cies of the military men of history we turn
with pleasure to the policy of Hoche in La
Vendue, aud of the first Napoleon after the
French revolution. The great soldier, Napo-
leon copied the clemency of the Girondists,
who in J795, after the last insurrection of the
French revolutionists, would not allow the
victory gained over the people to be stained
with the blood of their fellow-citizens. (Alison,
vol. 3,627-028.) "His counsels after victory,"
says the historian, "were all on the side of
mercy."_ The Place de la Concorde, in Paris,
still retains its title, as a souvenir of the last
days of an assembly which were gilded with
an act of clemency of which the "annals of
kings furnished few examples." ,
So, in 1802, when Napoleon was first consul,
he consolidated his power by a general am-
nesty, which reduced the list of exiles and
restored their rights and property. (Alison vi,
page 41.)
If it be replied that French history, like the
French people, is too fickle in its teachings
of philosophy, Grecian and Roman examples
are not wanting to add their emphasis to the
Hebraic and Christian amnesties with which
ancient and modern annals are replete. The
House will recall the proclamation of the
Roman heralds to the conquered Greeks at
the Olympian games at Athens—I recited this
story at I lie request of my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] last session—how
the joy of the conquered was so great at the
benignantand unexpected grace that they weptf
calling on the herald to repeat his lidiugs ot*
amnesty. Why should not such a iessou have
been taught? Had not Greece already taught
Kome such a lesson ?
I perceive the Speaker has resumed the
chair, 1 implore him to go to his ehief, Gen-
