1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
WYOMING AND UTAH TERRITORIES.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with amendments, House
bill No. 2858, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide a territorial government for
the Territory of Wyoming," approved July
25, 1868.
The bill, as proposed to be amended, was
read, and provides that the first section of
the act of Congress, approved March 2, 1867,
applicable to the Territory of Idaho, shall
apply to and be in force in the Territories of
Wyoming and Utah, anything in the organic
acts or laws of Congress for said Territories to
the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendments were agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. CULLOM. I will state to the House
in a word what is the whole purport of this
bill. The section of the act of Congress which
is referred to in this bill provides that the
judges of the supreme court of the Territory
shall define the districts and fix the places
and times for holding terms of the court.
This bill simply extends over the Territories
of Utah and Wyoming the provisions of that
section.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Does the gentleman
desire t.o put this billon its passage now ?
Mr. CULLOM. Certainly I do.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Then I desire to be
heard for a moment.
Mr. CULLOM. Very well; I will yield to
the gentleman, although this bill does not
refer to the Territory the gentleman represents
here, but simply extends over the Territories
of Wyoming and Utah the provisions of an aut
applicable now to Idaho.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I am very well aware
of that: but I desire in the name of the peo-
ple of all the Territories to protest against the
passage of this bill. 1 know that two years ago
there was passed with reference to the Terri-
tory of Montana a bill of this kind, taking
from the Legislative Assembly the authority
to divide ihe Territory into judicial districts.
I was not then able to meet the question fully,
though I did all 1 could. I object, sir, to in-
flicting upon the Territory of Utah, Wyoming
or any other Territory of the United Stales, a
law under which these judges shall fix the
judicial districts without reference to the
•wishes of the people. In the organic act of
the Territory of Montana, and of all the other
Territories, this power was delegated to the
territorial Legislature. Why was a change
made in the first instance with reference to the
Territory of Montana? I will tell the gentle-
man. That Territory was, in the first place,
districted by the Governor in accordance with
a provision of law, but by the organic act the
Legislature was authorized to exercise that
power in the future. The Legislature did so.
The judges were assigned. In an outburst of
our generosity we paid to each of our judges
a gratuity of $2,500 per annum in addition to
their regular salaries 
Mr. CULLOM. I do not think the gentle-
man's remarks apply to this subject at all,
and I shall have to decline to yield for further
discussion.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Does not the gentle-
man desire to hear the truth ?
Mr. CULLOM. The bill is agreed to by the
Delegates of all the Territories to be affected
by it, as well the Delegates elect as those now
on this floor. I move the previous question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. As I did not hear
distinctly the reading of this bill, I wish to
ask the gentleman from -Illinois [Mr. Cul-
i,om] whether it is the bill which I spoke to
him about this morning—the bill proposing to
put into the hands of the judges authority to
arrange the judicial districts of my Territory?
Mr. CULLOM. It is.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Then I hope the
bill will not be passed. I think that the power of
districting the Territory belongs properly to the
Legislative Assembly, where it is now vested.
I do not wish to occupy time; but I feel it my
duty to say that the sentiment of the people of
my Territory is in favor of leaving this power
where it now resides, in the hands of the Legis-
lative Assembly. I hope the House will not
pass the bill.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cujllom] allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. CULLOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITCH. Why do the Committee on the
Territories think it best to take from the terri-
torial Legislatures the power they have always
possessed of arranging according to their wis-
dom the districts of the Federal judges? Why
should the question be determined by thejudges
rather than by the Legislature ?
Mr. CULLOM. I will answer the gentle-
man. In the first place the territorial Legis-
latures have not always possessed the power.
Though it has generally been granted to the
Legislature by the organic act, Congress has
in repeated instances taken control of the sub-
ject and given either to the Governor or the
judges themselves the power ,to redistrict the
Territory and fix the times and places for
holding court. In the next place this measure
has been regarded as necessary in Wyoming
Territory on account of the character of the
Legislature, both by the Delegate now on this
floor and by the gentleman who is to succeed
him. In reference to the Territory of Utah,
I answer by saying that the wish of all the
"Gentile" element of that Territory is that
this authority shall be placed in the hands of
the Governor. I have understood, I will not
name my authority, that the Governor who is
shortly to go there talks of practicing law as
well as acting as Governor; and hence I have
not thought it well that he should be vested with
authority to fix the places where the judges
shall sit or the times of holding courts. The
bill simply proposes to extend to the Territo-
ries of Wyoming and Utah the act in relation
to Idaho.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does not this subject
properly belong to the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. CULLOM. It belongs to the Commit-
tee on the Territories, where it has always
been acted on heretofore.
Mr. SHAFER. I desire to state to the
chairman of the Committee on the Territories
that he is very much mistaken when he sup-
poses that I am either directly or indirectly in
favor of the passage of this bill.
Mr. CULLOM. I have not said any such
thing. This bill does not atfect the gentle-
man's Territory. It simply extends the law
already in force there to two other Territories.
I do not propose to change in any manner the
law with regard to Idaho. I do not mean to
say the gentleman favored or opposed it,
because I did not ask him.
Mr. SHAFER. I should like to have a few
moments.
Mr. CULLOM. I cannot take up time dis-
cussing this short bill.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. It is a short bill, but
it involves a great principle.
Mr. FITCH. 1 ask only one minute.
Mr. CULLOM. I yield for one miuute.
Mr. FITCH. I do not wish to protract
debate, but it seems to me that the people of
the Territories, through their legislative rep-
resentatives, are better qualified to judge in
this matter than the Committee onTerritories,
however able they may be.
Mr. CULLOM. We have taken the sense
of the people of the Territories in reference to
this matter.
Mr. FITCH. I think, with the exception
of Idaho, the gentleman is mistaken. I can
see no good reason for taking this power from
the Legislative Assemblies and giving it to
these judges.
Mr. SIIAFEll. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to mo for a moment?
Mr. CULLOM. I will.
Mr. SHAFER. I wish to be understood
that this law has been applicable for several,
years to the Territory of Idaho, and that the
people of that Territory regard it as'bad in
principle and worse in practice. In some of
the more i emote counties from the capital of
the Territory but a single term of the court
has been held in each year. In the larger and
more populous counties I believe two terms
are held regularly each year. Every lawyer
knows that there ought to be two terms of the
court in every county in each year. If this
thing* is allowed to go on in the other Terri-
tories as it is now in Idaho, the courts will not
be held as they ought to be. They have not
been held regularly in that Territory, and I
have no reason to believe they will be keld
more regularly in the other Territories.
Mr. CULLOM. The people of these Terri-
tories have come here and asked for this. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. CAVANAUGH; No, sir, the' people
are opposed to it. I want this thing to he
understood, and' I hope I may be allowed to
say a word. I do not think you should inflict
this on my people. It is unfair for the chair-
man of the Committee on the Territories to
refuse to hear the Delegates from the Territo-
ries, who know more about this than he does.
Mr. CULLOM. When I report anything
affeetiug the gentleman's Territory I will let
him be heard.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. This does affect my
Territotv.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 40.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. No quorum voting,
I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Cullom and
Mr. Lawrence were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 70, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; .and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAVANAUGH demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 67, not voting
77; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Asper, Beaman,
Bennett,, Benton. Bingham, Biair, Bowen, GeorgeM.
Brook5!, Buck, Buckley, Bnfiiuton, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin 1?. Batl.er, Roderick It. Butler, Cess-
na,Churchill, William T. Clark, AinasaCobb.Clinton
L. Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Cultom, Darrall, Dawes,
Degener, Nathan Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer,
Farnsworth. Perriss, Perry, Fisher, Garfield, Haw ley,
Hay. Hays, Hoar, Holmes; lnsersoli, Jenekes, Alex-
ander II, Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kcteham, Knapp, Long, MeCrary, McGrew, Molvoe,
Mereur, KHakiin H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Newsbam. Orth, Pack-
ard, Packer, Hatbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck. Pom-
eroy. Porter, Rainey, Sawyer, Scofield. Shank.-,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J.Smith. Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokee,
Stoughton. Stnckland, Stiong.Xaffe,Tanner,Town-
send. Tyner. C son, Van Horn, Wallace, William 1).
Washburn.Willard, Winans, Witcher, and Wolf—9o.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Bailey, Beatty,
Beck. Betiiune, Bird, Booker. Burr, Coburn, Conner,
Cox, Dickinson, Dox, Duke, Kia, Bidridge, Finkcln-
burs, Fitch, Fox, Geta, Gibson, ftriswold, Haisrbt.
Haldeman, llambloton, Hamill, IIcHm. iloge, iloi-
man, llotchkiss. Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kerr,
Lawrence, Lewis, Loughridge. Manning. Marspall,
May ham, McCormiek, McKensie, McNoely, Millies,
Morgan, Morris-ey, Nib la ok. Randall, Roores,
Roger-;, "Roots, Shubcr, Joseph S. Smith, Strauer,
Swann. Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auketi, Van trump,
Voorhces, Welker, Wilkinson, Lugcne M. W iMm,
Wtnehesfer, Woodward, and Young—0".
NOT VOfINU—Messrs. Adams, Ames, ArmsUoog,
Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Gilfillan. Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, kell.-y,
Knott, Laflm, Lash, Logan, Lynch, M.iymtrd, Mc-
Carthy, Moroy.Mornhis, Daniel J. Morrell, Mimaon,
Myers, Xe®Iey, O'Neill, Willi.ua W. P.uii". Penc.
PatMS.Ph-'ii'S, Pt.lit, Poland. Potter, Pi i. ' . Pi o*-c\.
Race, S.ml'ord, Sargent, Senuin.ikei, Sherrjd, ,->io-
