968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
cum, Worthington C. Smith, Stereos. Stiles, Stone,
Sypber, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell.Van Wyok.Ward,
CaiiwaladerC. Washburn, Wells.Wheeler.Whitmore,
Williams, John T. WUson, and Wood—77.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE KROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R, No.
1829) granting pensions to certain soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows
of deceased soldiers, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
The messagealso announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 487) relative to school lands
in the State of Oregon.
The messagealso announced that the Senate
had passed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 913) granting the right of way
to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Railway
Company for its road across the Oneida reserv-
ation, in the State of Wisconsin ;
A bill (S. No. 1306) to relieve John Wil-
liamson, of Savannah, Georgia, of legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 308) author-
izing the use of a naval vessel to transport
breadstuffs to Europe.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move that the bill now on the Speaker's
table in regard to the Southern Pacific rail-
road, as to which I made an announcement
this morning, be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
WYOMING APPORTIONMENT.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back, with an amendment,
the bill (H. R. No. 2691) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of Wyoming Territory appor-
tioning said Territory for members of the coun-
cil and house of representatives of the territo-
rial Legislature.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
of the Legislature of the Territory of Wyoming
entitled "An act apportioning the Territory
of Wyoming into council and representative
districts, and for other purposes," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed. And the apportion-
ment of said Territory for members of the
council and house of representatives in the
territorial Legislature shall be made by the
Governor of the Territory in the manner and
form prescribed in section four of the act
of Congress entitled " An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Wyoming," approved July 2-5, 1868.
The amendment reported by the committee
was as follows:
In lino six, after the word "hereby," insert the
words "disapproved and;" and after the word "the"
insert the word "next,"
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to hear the
bill read a^ain, as proposed to be amended.
Mr. CULLOM. I can state almost in a
word the purport and effect of the bill. The
Legislature of (he Territory of Wyoming passed
a law in regard to the apportionment of the
Territory. It provides that members from
certain districts after they are elected shall
come together and make an apportionment
for the Territory. There is no precedent for
such legislation, either in the laws of the Ter-
ritories, or of the States, or anywhere else.
The object of the bill is to repeal that statute,
and to allow the Governor of the Territory to
make the next apportionment, so that the
members of the Legislature may be legally
elected.
Mr. RANDALL. Why hot allow the next
Legislature to make the apportionment?
Mr. CULLOM. The next Legislature does
not meet in time to make the apportionment.
Mr. RANDALL. It is surely a new doc-
trine to allow the Governor, Whether of a State
or Territory, to make the apportionment.
Mr. CULLOM. The organic law of the
Territory provides that the Governor shall
make the first apportionment. He did so. The
Legislature elected under it came together and
passed a law thatcertain members of the Legis-
lature should make an apportionment. Such
a tiling was never heard of before in the his-
tory of legislation. The object of this bill is
to allow the Governor to make the next appor-
tionment, and after that it will be made by the
Legislature.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the Governor of a
Territory ever make the apportionment?
Mr. CULLOM. The first apportionment is
always made by the Governor.
Mr. HOAR.' What is included in the words
"for other purposes" in the title of the act
to be repealed. Does this affect in any way
the right of suffrage ?
Mr. CULLOM. It does not; at least, I do
not think it does. I did not read the statute
all through; but I do not think it touches upon
that question.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IK CORPORATIONS IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. TAFFE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2939) in relation to
charters of incorporation in the Territories of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read in full. The first section
provides that the Legislative Assemblies of
the several Territories of the United States
shall not, after the passage of this act, grant
any charter, but may pass general acts of
incorporation not inconsistent with existing
law. The second section repeals the first sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act amendatory of
an act to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Montana, approved May 26,
1864," passed March 2, 1867.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire the reading
of the section which it is proposed to repeal,
so that the House can vote intelligently on this
question.
Mr. TAFFE. I send it up and ask that it
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beit enacted, ike.. That the Legislative Assemblies
of the several Territories of the United States shall
not, after the passage of this act, grant private char-
ters or special privileges, but they may, by general
incorporation acts, permit persons to associate them-
selves together as bodies corporate for mining, man-
ufacturing, and other industrial pursuits.
Mr. TAFFE. It will be observed that that
section only allowed them to pass general in-
corporation acts to enable persons to associate
themselves for mining, manufacturing, and
other industrial pursuits. This bill proposes
to repeal that law, and make it broad enough
to enable them to incorporate companies for
any purpose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION Of TBRRITORIAI, OFFICERS.
Mr. TAFFE, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2940) in flation to
the fees and compensation of United States
attorneys, marshals, and clerks in the Territo-
ries of the United States; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read in full. It provides that
hereafter United States attorneys, marshals,
and clerks of the United States eourts in all
the Territories of the United States now or-
ganized shall receive the same fees and com-
pensation as are now paid to the same officers
in the district of Nevada.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know what
the compensation in the district of Nevada is.
Mr. TAFFE. I would say that an act passed
in 1865, I believe, gives those officers twice
the compensation received in the other States
by the same officers. It was considered neces-
sary, on account of the expense of living there,
the high price of wages, &e. I will Bay that
in the Territory of Arizona the district attor-
neyship was vacant at one time for three years,
because no man could afford to take it.
Mr. DAWES. Why would it not have been
just as well to have said that we propose to
double the salaries of all these officers?
Mr. TAFFE. The salaries will be just the
same in all the Territories as are now received
in Nevada, California, and Oregon.
Mr. DAWES. I know that; but that is not
answering my question. It is doubling these
salaries. Why do you not say so in the bill?
If the gentleman had said in the bill that we
were doubling these salaries, we should have
known what we were doing.
Mr. TAFFE. I am not disposed to disguise
it at all. That is what it means.
Mr. DAWES. Does it meet the case of the
gentleman's own State?
Mr. TAFFE. Not at all, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. . This bill refers only to the
Territories. It seems absolutely necessary that
something of this sort should be done.
Mr. DAWES. In the gentleman's own State
they do not get as much as these officers do,
and now he proposes to double their pay.
Mr. TAFFE. Yes, sir; I propose to be
liberal to the Territories.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. It does not cost half
as much to live in Nebraska as it does to live
in the Territories in the mountain region.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question ?
Mr. TAFFE. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would inquire of the
gentleman if any of these officers propose to
resign because their salaries are not high
enough?
Mr. TAFFE. Yes, sir; and some of them
have done it, too.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, that is the first
time I ever heard of any such thing being
done.
Mr. TAFFE. It is rare, I know.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Have any of them ever
died?
Mr. TAFFE. I would answer the gentle-
man by saying that he can find out by going
out there and experimenting on the subject.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Will
the gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. TAFFE. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I de-
sire to say that the evil is manifestly this : in
the State of Oregon, in the State of Califor-
nia, in the State of Nevada, in every State in
that expensive region of country, these officers
receive double the fees that are received by
similar officers in the Territories, and yet in
Idaho and Montana, and in some of the other
Territories of the United States, the expense
