1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
order in the Committee of the Whole. It would'
not come up unless the House should adopt
the motion to go into committee. If that
motion should be negatived this bill wouid
come up. The Chair understands it io be
the unanimous understanding that the bill
shall go over till next Tuesday. Is there any
objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. HAMTLL: The petition of Richard
Wotten, of Frederick, Maryland, praying for
a pension.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of the Amer-
ican Medical Association, on the cultivation
of the cinchona tree in the United States.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition and accom-
panying papers of James Yv. Flood, late adju
tant of the fifth New Hampshire infantry, of
Powhatan county, Virginia, requesting com-
pensation (or horse, saddle, and saddle-cloth
lost ill the service.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Thomas
Morgan, for arrears of pension.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 16, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. C. Haulenbeck, of Norwalk,
Connecticut.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice in the reading
of the Journal of this morning, and I have
noticed a similar announcement, once or twice
before, that, it says -'Mr. Warner attended."
That would seem to imply that nobody else
attended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal in
these cases refers to additional Senators who
have not heretofore appeared in their seats
during the present session.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose that is what is
meant; but it does not say that, and it would
seem to imply that, nobody else attended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first day's
Journal stated the number and names of the
Senators who were then present, and the suc-
ceeding Journals state the names of those who
arrive subsequently.
Mr. POMEUOY. But the Journal does not
state that. It simply states that Mr. Warner
was iu attendance, implying that nobody else
was.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Thathasbeen
the usage ever since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment.
resignation of senator drake.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Chair pre-
sents the following letter received by him from
a member of this body :
United States Senate Chamber,
Washington, December 15, 1870.
Sir: Be pleased to make known to the Senate that
on the 13th instant I transmitted to the Governor of
the State of Missouii my resignation of the office of
Senator of the United States from that State, to take
effect on Monday, the 19th instant.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. D. DRAKE,
lion. Schuyler Colfax.
Vice President of the United States.
This letter will be entered on the Journal.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Thornton to Crawfordsville, in
that State ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, praying for
the payment of certain compensation which
she claims was due her husband while tinder
the employ of the Government of the United
Slates, acting in the capacity of scout and guide
during the late war; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SU.UNER. I present the petition of
merchants and others of Boston, who repre
sent themselves as well acquainted with the
trade and people of the island of Hayti, both
of the French part and of the Spanish part,
called St. Domingo. They say that they learn
with regret of a pending proposition in regard
to its annexation to the United States. They
respectfully represent that in their opinion such
an annexation would prove a great calamity to
this country, inasmuch as it would lead to great
frauds and corruption, and probably to a war
with the French part of the island, which could
only be avoided by subsequently purchasing the
French part, the government of which would
cost the United States a large sum annually,
without leading to any compensating results.
And this, in the present state of the finances
of our country, would induce the people to be-
lieve that the present war tax on incomes was
kept up for the purchase of foreign territory,
lo the great detriment of the United States.
Oilier reasons are set forth. The petition is
signed by William F. Weld, who is a merchant
in Boston, who has had the largest trade and
interest in this island of any person in Boston,
and I think of any person in the country. Jtis
also signed by George T. Bigelow, lately chief
justice of Massachusetts, J. Ingersoll Bowditch,
and many others of our merchants, including
Mr. Thayer, the eminent banker, and others.
I move the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER presented thepetition of Rear
Admiral Henry Walke, United States Navy,
praying the difference of pay between lieuten-
ant and commander in the Navy from Septem-
ber 18, 1855, to January 29, 1858; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAP10RS.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered That William II. Blair, Eliza Wood, and
Mary R. Lorinsr, praying to bo allowed pensions,
havo leave to withdraw their petitions and papers
from the files of the Senate.
11evknuk-c0tters.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by a majority
of the Committee on Appropriations to report
back the bill (H. R. No. 2327) making appro-
priation for revenue cutters, without amend-
ment; and I am also directed to ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committeeofthe Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill. It appropriates the sum of $300,000,
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
construct steam cutters for the revenue marine
service, the same not to exceed in tonnage the
maximum recommended by the commission
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
December 16, 1869.
Mr. COLE. If any explanation is requisite
the letter I hold in my hand from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will be sufficient, I appre-
hend, and satisfactory to the Senate.
The V1C.E PRESIDENT. The letter will
be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Ori'ice or the Secretary,
December 15, 1S70.
Sir : In my annual report, pages 10 and 11,1 have
stated in detail the facts of the attempt on the pait
of the Department to build revenue-cuttera as au-
thorized by an appropriation made at the ihird ses-
sion of the Fortieth Congress, and the tact thauhe
construction given by the Comptroller to the filth
section of the act ma kins; appropriations lor the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenditures of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871, rendered the appropriation unavailable. It is
important that the appropriation should be renewed ,
with as little delay as possible. The vessels are much
needed, mid I hope the committee may feel war-
ranted in presenting the subject at once to the con-
sideration of the House.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. Henry L. Datves. Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, Moose of lieprenentativeff.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
RICHARD P. SPENCER.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1537)
for the relief of Richard P. Spencer, have au-
thorized me to report it back without, amend-
ment and recommend its passage. I am very
earnestly solicited by a member of the House
of Representatives, representing the distiict
from which this claim comes, to endeavor to
secure its passage before the holiday adjourn-
ment, if possible. With the indulgence of the
Senate, I will state in two or three words what
the claim is, and then, if there is no objection
I should like to have immediate consideration
of the bill.
It is a bill to'authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to reissue a certificate for $10,000 of
registered stock. Theallegationsand the proofs
are that this stock, being registered stock of
the loan called ten-forties, of the issue of 1864,
now stands in the name of Grant Thorburn. jr.
Thorburn sold it, through his brokers in New-
York, to this man Spencer. Spencer's brokers
remitted the certificate to the Treasurer, with
a request that it be reissued in the name of
Spencer ; but it was never received. It was
sent in January, 18G9, nearly two years ago.
The interest has not been paid since. Thor-
burn swears that he does not own the stock :
his brokers swear that they sold i*'; another
firm of brokers swear that they bought it for
Spencer and that they remitted it. The proofs
seem to be ascomplete as they can possibly be,
and as it is legistered slock the Government
does not seem to be under the slightest danger.
Mr. WILLIAMSON. What is the reason it
was not transferred?
Mr. HOWE. It was lost in transmission.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which is a
direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause to be issued to Richard P. Spencer, of
Deep Puver, Connecticut, a proper certificate
of the registered stock of the United States of
the ten-forty loan under the act of March 8,
1864. to the amount of S10.000, in lieu and
stead of certificate of that loan, No. 11658,
for 810,000 belonging to him, and lost while
passing through the mails; but Spencer is to
give bond with surety to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned to
indemnify the United States against all claim
upon or in respect to the above-mentioned cer-
tificate.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
reports 01-' committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, io whom were referred
the bill (S. No. 1070) to abolish the tax upon
incomes, the bill (S. No. 1080) for the repeal
of all laws for the collection of an income tax
or any tax in that nature, and the bill (S. No.
108o) to repeal so much of the act approved
July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," as con-
tinues the income tax after the 31st day of
December, A. D. 1809, all in effect proposing
to repeal the tax on incomes, to report them
back adversely. As the Senators who intro-
duced these bills may perhaps desire to call
them up and make some remarks upon ihem,
they can be placed upon the Calendar with the
adverse report of the committee.
