146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
pass beyond the reach of State taxation and
pay no contribution to the expense of the gov-
ernment of the State that protects the corpor-
ation in the enjoyment of its property, and that
perhaps gave life itself to the corporation ; at
any rate gave it a legal existence. Such is the
decision.
I think, sir, that the amendment I pro-
posed is a very moderate one, and I trust it
may be adopted. I say frankly that I propose
to vote against the bill when it is adopted, but
I shall endeavor to make it as little objection-
able as possible by the amendment. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will agree to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Delaware to consent to add to his amendment
the words " or shall do business."
Mr. BAYARD. I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware modifies his amendment by adding
the words suggested by the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I regret
tho opposition which the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware has encountered from
the friends of this bill. It is in every respect
an amendment eminently fit to be adopted
in both aspects of it. The bill, as it stands,
creates a perpetual corporation, without lim-
itation as to time, which I will not say is an
enormity unheard of in this country, because
in days when corporations were few and feeble
by the improvidence of legislation it frequently
happened that perpetual charters were given,
either in terms or impliedly. But I think for
' the last twenty-five or thirty years it has been
accepted as a necessary element of all wise
and just legislation that corporations of the
character of express companies, bankingcotn-
panies, and companies in that nature, should
have the period of their duration limited.
So far as the question of taxation by the
States in which this corporation may do busi-
ness is concerned, that seems to mo a propo-
sition in this amendment equally plain. There
has been too much of a tendency to exempt
classes of property from taxation. But as I
understand my friend, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to accept the amendment, of course
it is unnecessary for me to speak further on
that particular question.
Mr. CAMERON. I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
division be requested the amendment will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will please suspend. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the resolution in
regard to amnesty offered by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Sciicrz] is before the Senate,
and the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake J
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Missouri would give way. I suppose it can-
not take more than a minute or two now to
pass this bill. The adjournment will come on
directly, and it is important to the interests
of this company that they should have this
charter immediately. I think there will be no
more speeches.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouriin f'rontof the Chair [Mr. Drake]
is entitled to the floor, he having obtained the
floor last evening at the adjournment.
Mr. CAMERON. He will give up, I think,
for five minutes or so.
Mr. DRAKE. For any business that could
be transacted without controversy I would will-
ingly yield; but I am satisfied that the bill
which the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania represents will give rise to further debate,
and I think he can better wait until after I
conclude my remarks than I can wait until after
the Senator gets the bill passed.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, Mr. President, I do
not know whether I have a right to say a word,
as the morning hour has passed, but it seems to
me that as a mere matter of courtesy I ought
to be allowed to get this bill through. I do not
think there will be more speeches. I think
the Senator from California agreed, after I
accepted his amendment, that there should be
nothing more said. I think the Senator from
Delaware agreed to the same thing. I think
it is now a mere matter of form to pass this bill.
If any Senator desires to make a speech against
it, of course I will not intrude upon the Sen-
ator from Missouri. I intend to listen with
pleasure to the Senator from Missouri; but if
this bill could be passed I should be very much
obliged to him and to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania make any request of
the Senate ?
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia is not going to speak, I do request the
Senate to pass this bill before they take up the
other question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no desire to speak
if the Senator from Pennsylvania will accept
the two amendments which I propose to offer.
Mr. CAMERON. I have accepted one
already offered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will read the first amend-
ment I propose to effer, and I doubt not it will
meet with the approbation of the Senator. It
is at line eight of section four. That section
provides for giving the Government freight
preference in all cases. It is not difficult to
imagine a case in which that would be imprac-
ticable. I propose to limit the operation of the
section by inserting after the word "prefer-
ence," in line eight of section four, the words
"as far as practicable."
Mr. CAMERON. Thatwilldo; Iacceptit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then, in line twelve of
section seven, in order to clear up an ambigu-
ity that seems to exist otherwise, I propose to
insert after the words "common carriers" the
words "and the laws of any State in which it
shall do business."
Mr. CAMERON. I will accept that also.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. That leaves me nothing
to say.
The amendment, asamended, wasagreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is a name in the
bill, the name of one of the corporators, that
I desire to correct. It was intended to read
John W. Affron. It is John R. Apper in
the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
that. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed far a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HAIiKIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, An thony, Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling-
Corbett, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton ol Texas,llow,
ard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill ot Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, ltevels, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Williams, and Windoin—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cole,
Davis, Fowler, Harris, Johnston, McCreery, Pome-
roy, Pratt, Schurz, Sprague, Trumbull, and Viek-
ers—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Cattell, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Rice, Ross, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Stockton, Xhurman, Tipton, Warner, Willey, Wil-
son, and Yates—26.
So the bill was passed.
disorder in north carolina.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Missouri for a moment, and
the unanimous consent of the Senate to offer
a resolution of inquiry and to have it acted
upon.
The resolution was received, and read as
follows:
Besolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate all information that he may
possess relative to organised bodies of disloyal and
evil-disposed persons in tho State of North Carolina,
which have in view or threaten resistance to the exe-,
cution of the laws of the United States, or denial to
the citizens of the United States of the equal pro-
tection of the laws and the free enjoyment of the
rights and liberties secured to them by the Constitu-
tion; and also what murders and outrages for polit-
ical purpose have been committed by such organ-
izations of disloyal persons.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that, and I am glad that the Senator has intro-
duced it, because one hour in the day we are
for general amnesty or universal amnesty, and
the next hour of the day we are after the rebels
who are murdering our people. I shall not
vote for any more amnesties as long as we
have to inquire what the rebels are doing in
murdering Union men.
The resolution was considered, and agreed to.
message from the iiodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1903) for the relief of
William T. Stotts ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 419) to correct
an error in the enrollment of the law in rela-
tion to pay of grand and petit jurors. ,
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. PRATT. I ask leave of the Senator
from Missouri to submit a motion. I wish, if
it be in accordance with the rules of the Sen-
ate, that George W. Tarleton be allowed to
withdraw his papers from the files of the Sen-
ate. His papers relate to a claim against the
Government which was submitted at the last
session to the Committee on Claims, and was
reported against. He now wishes to withdraw
his papers for the purpose of using them in
court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks unanimous consent that the
papers in this case may be withdrawn. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and leave
is granted.
political disabilities.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, which was submitted
by Mr. Schurz on the 12th instant:
^ Resolved, That the disqualifications and disabil-
ities imposed upon persons lately in rebellion against
tho Government of the United States were dictated
by imperative public necessities, and not by a spirit
of hatred or vindictiveness; and that, as soon as
such publicnecessities cease, due regard for the fund-
amental principles ot our system of government, as
well as every consideration of sound statesmanship,
demands the removal of those disqualifications and
disabilities.
Mr. DRAKE addressed the Senate for two
hours and a half. [His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I do not
intend to disturb the solemnity of this parting
scene with the clash of conflicting opinions.
In fact I think I can afford to let the speech
I delivered yesterday and the speech delivered
by my colleague to-day go side by side to the
people without a single word in reply to what
he has said. His speech was so eloquent, so
argumentative, so fanciful, that it would be
impossible for me to come up to the level
of it. The eloquence I cannot match; the
argument requires no refutation; and it would
be a pity to disturb the fancy.
But, sir, I desire to give one consolation to
my colleague upon his way. It seems that he
has fallen into the peculiar habit of consign-
ing everybody who does not agree with him to
the Democratic party. I, for my part, must
declare that I have been consigned there, as
