972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
tron invoked are not numerous, but they sus-
tain the ruling of the Chair. The immediate
predecessor of the present occupant of the
Chair would not accent the objection of a
Delegate, and in the opinion of the Chair it is
not competent for a Delegate to make an
undebatable motion, as that the House adjourn
or that a bill lie on the table.
Mr. CULLOM. What is the question ?
The SPEAKER. On ordering the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays48? not voting
87; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Blair,
Boyd,GeorgeM. Brooks,Buckley,Buflmton^Burch-
ard. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,Cessna, William
T. Clark, Amasa Cobb.Cobum, Conger, Cook.Cowles,
Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F.
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferriss. Finkeinburg, Fisher, Garfield. Hale,
Hawley, Hay, flays. Hoar, Holmes, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Keiley, Kellogg, Kelscy, Ketcham, Knapp, Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Kee. Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Kegley, Orth, Packard, Packer, William W. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Pros-
ser, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J.
Smith,Starkweather,Stevenson, Stougfaton, Strick-
land, Strong, Sypher, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, WiUard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Witcher. and Wolf—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barry,
Biggs, Bird, Booker, Catkin, Conner, Crebs, Dickin-
son, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Fox, Getz. Gibson, Gris-
wold, Hamill, Holman, Johnson, Kerr, Manning,
Maynard, McCormick, McEeuzie.McXeely, Milnes,
Morgan. Niblack, Price, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Roots, Sherrod, Shober, Strader, Swann, Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Well?, Wilkin-
son, EageneM. Wilson, Woodward, and Young—48.
XOT V OTING—Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Ayer, Bai-
ley, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Be-
t hune, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, J ames Brooks, Buck,
Burr. Benjamin F.Butler, Cake, Churchill. Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Corker, Cox,
Darrali, Dickey, Ferry, Fitch, Gilfiiian, Haight,Hal-
deinan, Hambleton, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins,
Heflin, Hill, Hoge, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones,
Kuoti, Laflin, Lash, Lewis, Long, Lyneb, Marshall,
Maybam, McCarthy, Jesse H. Moore, Morey. Mor-
pbis, Daniel J. Morreli, Samuel P. Morrill, Morris-
sey, Mungen, Myers, >~ewsham, O'Neill, Halbert E,
Paine, Perce, Peters, Poland, Potter, Rainey,
Rogers. Sanford, Sehumaker, Porter Sheldon, Slo-
cuui, Worthington C.Smith, Stevens, Sales, Stokes,
Stone, Sweeney, Taylor, Townsend, Twichell, Van
Wvc-k, William B. Washburn. Welker. Wheeler,
Whitmore, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—87.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DYER moved to reconsider the vote j
by which the bill was passed; and also moved [
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the :
table. I
The latter motion was agreed to. j
county of alaska. j
Mr. CULLOM, from the same committee, '
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2344) to provide a j
temporary civil organization for the territory |
of Alaska; which was read a first and second i
time. |
The biil, which was read, is as follows: i
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa- ;
twes of the United Stales of America in Congress assem- !
bhd. That until otherwise provided by law, ail the !
territory acquired by the United States of America ;
by treaty between theUnitedStates and his Majesty, 1
the emperor of all the Ru^sias, concluded March 30, :
lbG7, and ratified by the United States May 28, 1867,
together with all the islands included in said pur-
chase, be, and the same is hereby, erected into and
declared to be a county, to be called the county of
Alaska, with the county seat thereof at Sitka, and
attached to the Territory of Washington for execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial purposes.
•Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all laws of a
public and general nature now in force in the Ter-
ritory of Washington, or which may be hereafter
enacted by the Legislature thereof and not disap-
proved by Congress, shall have the force and effeet
ol la^in said county of Alaska.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That until other-
wise provided by legislative enactment, said county
ot Alaska shall be entitled to one councilman and
two members of the lower house of the Legislature
of the Territory of Washington, and that the repre-
sentation of said county shall not be reduced below
one member for each house, but maybe increased at
any subsequent apportionment: Provided, That the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Washing-
ton shall consist of ten members in the council and
thirty-two in the lower house.
Skc. 4. And be it farther enacted. That the first
election shall be held in said county on the second
Monday of June, 1871, and thereafter as prescribed
by law. The Governor of Washington Territory shall
issue a proclamation at least sixty days before said
election, prescribing the place or places of holding
said first election, the officers to be elected, includ-
ing one councilman and two members of the lower
houseof the Legislature, to be entitled to seats in the
next session thereof, and the qualifications of elect-
ors as defined by law. He shall al^o appoint the
judges, clerks, and inspectors to conduct said elec-
tion, who shall posse® the qualifications, take and
subscribe the oaths, and perform the duties of such
officers as now prescribed by the laws In force in
Washington Territory. The returns of said election
shall be subscribed and sworn to by the officers
thereof, sealed and transmitted to the Governor,
who shall, in the presence of the secretary or mar-
shal, open, count, declare, and publish the result
thereof, and at once issue commissions or certificates
of election to such as have received the highestnum-
berof votesforeachofficerespectively. Casesofcon-
test arising under said first election shall be tried
and determined in conformity with existing law.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted* That the Presi-
dent shall, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, appoirffcadistrict judge for the county of
Alaska, who shall also be a justice of the supreme
court of Washington Territory, whose jurisdiction
shall be coextensive with said county, and whose
powers, duties, and compensation shall be the same
as the district judges of said Washington Territory.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted* That until other- j
wise provided by law, there shall be held two terms i
of the district conrt annually at Sitka; said terms to ]
commence on the firstMondaysof April and Septem- j
ber of each year, for the trial of United States and 1
territorial causes, civil and criminal, and also causes :|
in admiralty. |j
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the United !{
States district attorney and marshal for Washington !
Territory shall perform the duties of their respective ■ j
offices in saideountyofAlaska also, and shall receive
the same compensation as now prescribed by law for j
such officers in the State of Oregon: Provided, That
incase said district attorney should fail to attend
any of the terms of said district court at Sitka, the !
presiding judge of said court may appoint a district
attorney to act for sueh term, who shall be entitled
to the same fees and per diem as the district attorney
when in attendance upon the terms of the eourt.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That writs of j
error and appeals maybe prosecuted from the dis- !
trict court at Sitka to the supreme court of Wash-
ington Territory, in accordance with the provisions ;
and subject to the conditions of existing law regu-
lating writs of error and appeals from the other dis-
trict courts of said Territory: Provided, That when-
ever all of the justices shall be present at a term of
the supreme court no judge shall &it in a cause which •
has been heard and determined by him in the court
below.
Mr. CULLOM. I promised to yield to the '
gentleman from Indiaua to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. JULIAN. The laud laws of the Uni-
ted States have never been extended to Alaska,
although there are exceedingly valuable coal- '
beds there, as well as extensive forests of valu- ;
able timber, and I believe several gold mines, i
The Committee on the Public Lands have !
matured a bill extending the land laws over i
that territory, and I offer it as an amendment !
to this bill. i|
The Clerk read as follows: !
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the laws 1
relating to the survey and disposal of the public
lands, including the preemption and homestead 1
laws, are hereby extended and made applicable to
the territory lately ceded to the United States by ,
the emperorof Russia, undertheconditions, restric- ,
tions, and limitations mentioned in the several acts
so extended. j
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the said ;
territory is hereby attached to and made part of the i
surveying district of Washington Territory, and the |
surveyor general of said last-named district shall, j
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
have the &ame powers and duties in respect to said
territory ceded by Russia as he now has by law in
respect to the Territory of Washington; that the
public lands within the same shall constitute a new
land district, to be called the Alaska district; and
the President of the United States, whenever the
public service shall require it, is hereby authorized
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a register and receiver of public money
for said district, who shall reside and hold their
office at such place as may be designated by the
Secretary of the Interior.
See. 11. And be it further enacted, That the sur-
veyor general of Washington Territory, under the
direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and according to instructions of the Secretary
ot the Interior, may be required to extend base and
meridian lines, and perform any other duties per-
taining to the public surveys in said territory of
Alaska, and until the appointmeotof a register and
receiver may be required, ex officio, to perform the
duties of such officers.
Sec.. 12. And be it further enacted. That the coal
and timber lands of said territory of Alaska not ,
otherwise reserved by competent authority, may be
entered and paid for by any citizen of the United
States, or person having declared his intention to
become such, the former in tracts not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to any one person, at the
minimum price of twenty dollars per acre; and
timber lands in tracts not exceeding six hundred
and forty acres to any one person, at the minimum
price of $2 60 per acre; Provided, That when such
lands are applied for before the phblic surveys are
extended over them the same may be surveyed at
the expense of the applicants, according to the pro-
visions of section ten of the act of May 30, 18U2,
to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of the
public lands of the United States, so far as the
same may be applicable, and according to such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office; and all applications
to enter such coal and timber lands, together with
the other necessary papers and prools, shall be
transmitted by the surveyor general to the General
Land Office; and patents shall issue thereon as in
other cases: Provided, That when a tract is entered
in advance of the public surveys the surveyor gen-
eral shall make a plat thereof indorsed with his
approval, properly designated and numbered, to be
transmitted to the General Land Office.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall cut any timber on the public lands of the
United States in the territory of Alaska, or shall
remove or be employed in removing such timber
from the public lands, with intent to dispose of the
same for transportation to any part or place within
the United States, or for exportation to any foreign
country, or who shall take, dig, or mine, with like
intent, any coal from thecoal lands of said territory
belonging to the United States, shall be guilty of a
misdemeauor, and shall be liable to indictmentand
trial in any district court of the United States in
Washington Territory, Oregon, or California; and
on conviction shall pay a fine, for each offense, of not
less than $200 and not more than $1,000, or be im-
prisoned for not mgre than six months, or both, at
the discretion of the eourt.
Sec. 14, And be it further enacted, That, until other-
wise provided by law, the district courtsol the United
States in Washington Territory, Oregon, and Cali-
fornia, shall have original jurisdiction, and may
take cognizance of all offenses arising under section
five of this act, and shall proceed therein in the
same manner and with like effect as if such cases
had arisen within the district or territory where the
proceedings shall be brought; and the surveyor gen-
eral or any of his deputies, or any United States
officer in said territory, and any person authorized,
in writing, by either of them, or by the Secretary
of the Interior, shall have power to arrest persons
guilty of offenses under this act, and to take and
deliver over the same to the marshal of one of said
courts, who shall take charge of tnem in the same
manner as in case of arrests made in hi- own districts.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That the Com-
missioner of the Generat Land Office, with the sanc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, may prescribe
all needful rules and regulations to carry this act
into effect; and the said Secietary is hereby author-
ized to grant permission to take sueh moderate
quantities of timber and coal from the public lands
in said Territory as may be necessary tur the pur-
poses of commerce in the waters of said Territory:
Provided, That this act shall not ex tend to or author-
ize the disposal of the islands ol St. George and St.
Paul, or any other islands which are now or here-
after may be reserved on account of seal fisheries.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
whether there is any provision in his amend-
ment as to the time when it shall go into effect?
If it goes into effect immediately it will expose
to punishment men who are cutting timber
there or taking coal from there now, wheu
there is no law against it. It will take two
months for the citizens of Alaska to know that
it is a crime to take timber or coal from that
land. Some future time should be stated at
which it should go into effect.
Mr. AXTELL. As 1 understand the amend-
ment, it will iuterfere with the operations of
those who go to prospect for minerals in that
Territory. It will tie up their hands. I think
we should have a bill of this kind, with pro-
visions inflicting penalties, printed before we
are called to pass upon it.
Mr. JULIAN. There is nothing in the
amendment to prohibit any one from pros-
pecting. The bill was printed during the last
session of Congress.
Mr. CULLOM. I yield to the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Staukweathek] to offer
an amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
by adding the following:
Provided, That this act shall not affect any eon-
tract made with any person or persons or company
in regard to the fur-seal fishery or business, or any
a<-t of Congress heretofore passed in regard to tho
same.
Mr. CULLOM, I would say to the gentle-
