1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
far as I know, without reason; and I think
when my colleague thus consigns Hon. B.
Gratz Brown, of Missouri, who is well known
as one of the old, strong, consistent, fear-
less anti-slavery men of this country, he will
find it difficult to convince Senators who are
acquainted with him that he has better reason
than in my case. The Germans, it seems,
must go that way also, led by me! My col-
league will permit me to assure him that if I
attempted to lead all the Germans in a body
from one party to another I apprehend I could
not do it.
Finally my colleague tells us that the State
of Missouri is to go to the Democrats also.
How? Not by this election, for this election
has not put the State of Missouri in the con-
trol of a Democratic government. The Execu-
tive there is in the hands of the Republicans;
the senate is in the hands of the Republic-
ans, and for aught I know, the majority in the
house of representatives may be either way,
a very few votes; and I think my colleague
knows just as little as I do myself at this mo-
ment which way it is. So the State was not
given to the Democrats by this election.
How is it to be then? By the enfranchise-
ment of those who were hitherto disfranchised?
My colleague tells you to-day that he designed
to have disfranchisement removed there by
the Legislature assembling in 1871, and he
intimates that his political friends would not
have defeated the enfranchising amendment
this year. If so, they would be just as much
responsible for it as we are. If Missouii is
thus to go into the hands of the Democratic
party^ my colleague has no reason to throw
the responsibility off his friends and to load it
upon ours.
But, sir, I am of a different opinion. There
are those in the Republican party who think they
cannot conquer unless by some other means
different from the great moral power of argu-
ment. There are those in the State of Mis-
souri, I know, who,when disfranchisement was
knocked from under their feet, threw up their
hands and exclaimed, "All is lost!" That
class of politicians are those who in the face
of great responsibilities, great questions, great
problems, and great struggles are tortured by
a lurking suspicion of their own nothingness.
But the men who abolished disfranchisement
in Missouri are not made of that stuff. No,
sir; all is not lost, but all is won. We are once
more fighting for a good cause with a clear
conscience. Let my colleague go in peace; I
assure him now, in parting, that we shall know
how to take care of the Republican cause in
Missouri.
JifiSSAGE FEOJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 828)
for the relief of Henry Newell.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. G78) for the
relief of Nicholas M. Page, executor of Sam-
uel Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia, with
an amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-.
lution, in which it requested the coi.currence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1188) for the payment of
Richard M. Green for the use of his patent by
the Government;
A bill (II. R. No. 2530) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July 14,
1870;
A bill (II. R. No. 2535) for the relief of
Noah Fisher ;
A bill (II. R- No. 2537) for the relief of
John Kelly, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
for the reissue of certain bonds, &c.;
A bill (H. R. No. 2538) to relieve certain
persons of their diabilities under the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 420) for the
relief of William P. Thomasson.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and, after five
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and (at four o'clock and five
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 16, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
GOVERNMENT OF MONTANA.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2531) to amend sec-
tion seven of an act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
STAMPED ENVELOPES.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, calling for inform-
ation needed by our committee :
Ilrsnivedx Thatthe Postmaster General be instruct-
ed to communicate to this House the actual cost to
the Government by the thousand of the stamped
envelopes furnished under existing contracts, and
the price at which the same are sold by the Govern-
ment.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read, considered, and agreed to.
a. m. banks.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2534)
granting a pension to A. M. Banks, of Cov-
ington, Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
IIUQII T. FERGUSON.
Mr. T0WNSEND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2532) granting a
pension to Hugh T. Ferguson, a soldier of the
war of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POLAND. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins. This
being Friday, the order of business is the calling
of committees for reports of a private nature.
The first cammittee in order is the Committee
on the Judiciary.
grand and petit jurors.
Mr. MERCUR. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary a
bill which is not of a private nature, but which
is designed to correct an error of the enrolling
clerk.
There being no objection,
Mr. MERC UR reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary a joint resolution (H. R. No.
419) to correct an error in the enrollment of
the law in relation to the pay of grand and petit
jurors; which was read a first and second tune.
The joint resolution provides that the third
section of the act approved July 15, 1870, to
provide for the compensation ef grand and
petir, jurors in the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes, be
repealed, said section having been enrolled by
mistake. . . .
Mr. MERCUR. The section which this joint
resolution proposes to repeal was introduced
in the Senate after the bill had passed the
House. The House refused to concur in the
amendment, and a committee of conference
was appointed. In that committee of confer-
ence the Senate receded from their amend-
ment, and this third section was stricken out.
It was so passed with it out by both Houses
of Congress, but in the haste of the last day
of the session a mistake was made in its en-
rollment., and it went to the President and was
erroneously signed with this third section in.
This joint resolution is for the purpose of
striking out that third section which, in fact,
was never passed, by both Houses of Con-
gress. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ship-owning and ship-building.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2533) to encour-
age ship-owning and ship-building in the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
william t. stott3.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2544) for
the relief of William T. Stotts ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that there shall be paid to
William T. Stotts, of Lee counly, Iowa, out of
any money appropriated or to be appropriated
fortlie improvement of the Des Moines rapids,
in the Mississippi river, at Keokuk, Iowa, the
sum of $4,000, for damages done to him by
the prosecution of said improvement.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Speaker, this bill is
reported as a substitute for a general bill, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, pro-
viding that consequential damages in the im-
provement of the Des Moines rapids should
be paid as well as direct damages. The bill as
referred to the committee was an amendment
of the act of July 20, 1868, which set apart
ยง50,000 for the purpose of paying damages for
property taken in the improvement of those
rapids. The committee were unanimously of the
opinion that they ought not to report, a general
bill for the payment of consequential damages,
not knowing what claims might come up if
such a bill should become a law. In the case
of Mr. Stotts, he owned a steam saw-mill right
upon the river with a basin in the river for the
collection of his logs, and the improvement of
the river cut off and destroyed the value of
his saw-mill entirely, so that he was obliged to
remove it. General Wilson, the engineer in
charge, in a report which I have here, states
that he ought to be paid. Every one who has
investigated the matter says that he ought to
be paid. The committee were unanimously
of this opinion; and therefore we have recom-
mended the passage of this bill to pay him
$4,000, and the rejection of the general bill to
pay consequential damages.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Has
the Judiciary Committee charge of claims for
damages ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Not as a general thing ;
but in this particular instance I consulted with
the distinguished chairman of the Committee
of Claims last session, and I believe had his
consent to this report. This is simply a substi-
tute for a general bill modifying the law oI July
20, 1868. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed
it was accordingly road the third time, ana
passed.
