974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. JULIAN. I will ask for one hour on
Saturday next, after two o'clock,-for the con-
sideration of this measure as . a special order
io preference to all others.
The SPEAKER, Is there any objection?
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly. , - ' * . •
Mr. JULIAN. I now withdraw my amend-:
ment to this bill. • ; , , .
The question was on the amendment-moved
by Mr. Starkweather, to ad.d. to section three
of the bill the following:
Provided, That tins act shall not affect any.con-
tract made with any person, persons, or company in
regard to thefur-seal fishery pr business, or any act
of Congress heretofore passed in regard to the same.
Mr. CULLOM. I have no disposition to
interfere with any contract which has been
made or to repeal any act'of Congress now in
force in regard to that subject;
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
to use the phrase " not to impair any contract,''
instead of the phrase "not to affect any "eon-
" ' ' ' '
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have employed
the phrase generally nsed.
Mr. DAWES. It might possibly be con-
strued that such a contract could not be brought
into court.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will modify my
amendment by substituting the word "impair"
for the word ''affect."
The question was upon the amendment as
modified.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not think any such
amendment is necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being but nine votes in the affirmative.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; and on that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes 14, noes
7ti.
So (one third not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which ihe bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS foil SI3UMKUS OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. WJLLARD. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speakers table the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
1829, granting pensions to certaiu soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows of
deceased soldiers, for the purpose of moving
that those amendments be non-concurred in
and a committee of conference asked on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the amendments
will be read, so that the House may under-
stand tliein.
Mr. WILLARD. I can explain this matter
to the gentleman.^ On looking at the amend-
ments I find that there is some necessity for
correcting the phraseology of the bill in order
t<i muke it conform to the amendments. I
am not opposed to any of the amendments;
but for the reason I have stated, it seems proper
to send the bill to a committee of conference.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, the amendments
were lion-eoueurred in, and a committee of
conference ordered.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. REATTY, from the Committee on En-
colled Bills, reported'that the committee had
examined ami found truly enrolled abill of the
following title; When the Speaker "Signed the
same-: ■
- An act (S. No. 1190) to ereatenn:additional
land district in the State of California.
. MONTANA INDIAN WAR CLAIMS.'
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid beforc^the House a communication from
the. Secretary of War, transmitting to the House
a report upon the Montana Indian war claims
of 1867; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to. be printed.
The SPEAKER also; by, unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from . the, Secretary of. War, asking for an
appropriation of $1,300 for expenses of the
investigation into the Montana Indian war
claims; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF IIOUSATONIC RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution,
adopted by the House, January 31, 1870, in
relation to the improvement of the Housa-
tonic river and the harbor of New Haven, in
the State of Connecticut; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be.printed.
improvement op rivers and harbors.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary t>f War, transmitting reports
of the enghieerdepartment upon the improve-
ment of certain rivers and harbors ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, joint resolutions,
&c., have to-day been referred or recommitted ;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, (at
fouro'clock aud five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petitions of Union
soldiers, as follows: Colonel J. J. Johnston
and 84 others, of Irondale, Ohio; John C.
Brown and 76 others, of Steubenville, Ohio;
S. A. Peterson and 49 others, of East Liver-
pool, Ohio; O. M. Norman and 50 others, of
Musk?ngum county, Ohio ; II. S. Harding and
26 others, of Zanesville, Ohio; E. W. Kirby
and 75 others, of Morgan county, Ohio; John
Hamilton and 64 others, of Morgan county.
Ohio ; Charles F. Crawford and 50 others, of
Zanesville, Ohio: and Joseph Shaw and ti'J
others, of Muskingum county, Ohio, praying
for the passage of a law amending section
twenty-five of the act approved July 15, 1870,
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes," so as
to allow the soldiers mentioned in said sec-
tion to enter the amount of land tlierein
allowed, or such other amount ns may be
thought just and proper, without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation, as pro-
vided in the act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers, and the acts amendatory thereto.
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth A. Porter, for arrears of pay with-
held from her late husband, Commander Wil-
liam D. Porter, United States Navy, under
act of 1837.
By Mr. ATWOOD: The petition of Charles
J. Burroughs, Dean Hoffman, and others,
envelope manufacturers of Chicago, asking
for legislation that will relieve them from
injurious competition by the General Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Joseph T.
Tucker, of Winchester, Clark county, Ken-
tucky, praying for relief from political dis-
abilities; ■ -
By Mr. BOYD: The petition of Francis A.
Robinson-, of Missouri, praying for the pay-
ment of foundery and material destroyed by
Federal troops.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of Flavia
Coasb, mother of Ezra Coash, deceased, pray-
ing for a pension underact of July 14, 1862.
By Mr. SAWYER: A petition of citizens of
Chicago, Illinois, and Racine and Sheboygan,
Wisconsin, for a light-house at the mouth of
the Abnepee river, on Lake Michigan.
By Mr. SCHUMAK*ER: Resolutions of the
Homeopathic Society of Kings county, New
York, in favor of the establishment of a na-
tional university at Washington, District of
Columbia, wherein homeopathy as a system
of medicine be recognized.
IN SENATE. .
Monday, February 6, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
was read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions
were severally read twice by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 2(543) for the relief of
Martin P. Hardin, of Pontotoc county, Mis-
sissippi—to the Committee on Private Laud
Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 2727) regulating the
removal of actions from State to U nited States
courts—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. li. No. 309) for the
relief of Theodore Adams—to the Committee
on Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 490) for the
relief of Paymaster George F. Cutter—to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 491) for the
restoration of Commander George A. Stevens,
United States Navy, to the active-from the re-
tired list—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2936) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Ilannegan, and John Han-
negan was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that bill simply
changes the description of a judgment in a
bill heretofore sent back by the President of
the United States because of a defect in the
description of the judgment, and also by rea-
son of one other objection, and this bill is
intended to obviate the objections made by
him to that bill, I trust it will be put on its
passage at once. The court in the former bill
was described as the district court when it
was really the circuit court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read at, length.
The bill was read. It proposes to release
the parties named from all liability to the
United States under and by reason of their
bond executed thereto, to secure the faithful
performance by William Harmegan and John
Hannegan of their contract with the Govern-
ment of the United States for the improvement
of the Des Moines rapids in the Missi-tsippi
river, and directs the discontinuance of the
action now pending in the circuit court of the
United States for the sixth circuit and north-
ern district of Ohio to enforce the bond.
Mr. EDMUND3, I think that ought to be
referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator under-
