1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
was ordered that the revision of (he court
should be turned over to this claimant.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman inform
the committee under whatlaw this confiscation
was made?
Mr. WASHBURN, of .Massachusetts. Under
the confiscation act, the informants claiming
that tins man was disloyal.
Mr. KELSEY. Where did he reside, at the
time?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In
Virginia. The proceedings were instituted in
Indiana, and this claimant had no notice what-
ever of the case, and knew nothing about it
until it was determined. It has been shown
that these informants got up the case in order
to get possession for themselves of one half of
the proceeds of the bonds. Before the case
was finally completed they quarreled over who
should have the greater moiety. The war
closed ; and then for the first time the old man
learned that an effort had been made in Indiana
to confiscate his bonds. When the facts were
brought to the attention of the court a rehear-
ing of the ease was ordered, the judge who
originally tried the case having died. The
court decided that they would send their clerk
to make an investigation.
Mr. KELSEY. One question further.
Mr. WASI1BURN, of Massachusetts. Very
well.
Mr. KELSEY. How much of this money
was paid into the Treasury of the United States ?
Mr. WASHBUliN, ofMassachusetts. Forty-
one thousand three hundred and nine dollars
and forty cents, as certified to by the officers of
the 1 reasury. The Senate, in this bill, propose
to give this man not only the $41,30!) 40. but
also §10,900 as twoyears' interest. The Com-
mittee of Claims of this House report in favor
of striking out the allowance of interest and
allowing simply what was actually paid into
the Treasury. The couit, Justice Davis pre-
siding, decided that there was not a particle
of evidence showing this man to have been
disloyal; that the proceedings confiscating the
bonds were all illegal, and that they were insti-
tuted by the two informants in order to get
their share 'of these bonds. The old gentle-
man is now dead. His executor has received
from the court all that it can give him. He
now asks simply to have restored to him what
was wrongfully taken from him and placed in
the Treasury of the United States. The Com-
mittee of Claims report, in favor of restoring
the exact sum now held in the Treasury. I
think there will be no objection to the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not know anything
personally of this case ; but I have heard it
talked about by the judges connected with the
court, the successor of the one who tried the
case, also the judge of the Supreme Court of
the. United States presiding in the circuit court,
and by many members of the bat- who are
familiar with the circumstances. They all con-
cur in saying it was a case of most extraordin-
ary outrage upon this ffild gentleman ; that in
fact it migbtalmost be called adisgrace to the
courts of our State for having permitted such
irregular proceedings. I think that every con-
sideration of honor, as well as patriotism, if
you please, lequires us to make full restitution
to the heirs of this old man for the injustice
which was inflicted upon him in this extraor-
dinary way. I trust, therefore, that the bill will j
pass. I should myself be willing to vote the full
amount proposed to bo paid by the bill as it
came from the Senate : but whether the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee of Claims be
adopted or rejected, I shall cheerfully support
the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
committee do not hesitate to say that, the mat-
ter which this bill is intended to remedy could
never have occurred had not the marshal con-
nived at proceedings wholly irregular, and cer-
tified what was not true in order to gain pos-
session of these bonds. I ask that the amend-
ment striking out interest be adopted, and that
the bill be then laid aside to be reported to the
House. I do not see any reason why the
Government, should allow any interest.
Mr. DUKE. I think if the gentleman will
carefully examine the Senate bill he will find
that it does not provide for paying $10,900 as
interest. It proposes merely a restitution of
the amount confiscated. Tfoe bill recites the
" decree of the district court of the district of
Indiana, confiscating $109,000 in the five per
cent, bonds of said State, and $10,900 cash."
This was the amount actually confiscated. The
bill nowhere provides for paying to Miller's
executor anything more than the amount actu-
ally paid into ihe Treasury. This sum of
$10,900 was paid in, and if the gentleman will
examine the bill he will find this to be the fact.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I am
not mistaken as to the manner in which this
bill is drawn. It proposes to appropriate
$41,309 40 " for reimbursement of that sum
paid into the Treasury of the United States,
the said sum having been paid under a decree
of the district court of the district of Indiana,
confiscating §109,000 inthefivepercent, bonds
of said State, and 310,900 cash, being two
years' interest on said bonds." This amount
of $10,900 was never paid into the Treas-
ury. What we propose to reimburse is the
amount which actually went into the Treas-
ury, $41,309 40. The bill as passed by the
Senate proposes to pay in addition $10,900,
being two years interest, on the §109,000 worth
of bonds. The Committee of Claims see no
reason why the Government should pay this
interest. This whole proceeding being illegal
and wrong, if the claimant had placed himself
upon his rights and held the State of Indiana
responsible for the amount of the bonds and
the interest, that Slate would, in my opinion,
have been compelled to make reimbursement.
But when he went before the district court he
claimed this $41,o09 40, which the informers
hail been wrangling about. He accepted the
action of the court; and the court paid over to
him this money, which the informers had
claimed. As he has accepted the action of the
court, we say that all ho can ask of the Gov-
ernment is the restitution of the amount which
it received, 841.809 40. He has no rightful
claim upon the Govei nmcnt for interest. He
says in his petition that, the Government has
had the use of the money ; hut this statement
cannot !>e sustained by any proof. The money,
from the time it was paid into the Treasury
until the present, may have lain there await-
ing his demand for restitution. As soon as he
makes his demand we report this bill to give
him what the Government received ; we think
he has no rightful claim for more. Hence, the
committee recommend the striking out of the
clause proposing to pay him interest.
Mr. SCOFiELD. 1 understand these bonds
have been paid by the State of Indiana. To
whom have r.hev been paid?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
State of Indiana, under the decree of the dis-
trict couit, issued duplicate bonds. As to
whether that was legal or not, 1 suppose prob-
ably that it was not legal, because there is no
court which could compel a State, without, any
act, to issue duplicate bonds. But the State
did do it under the decree of the court;
and this claimant accepting the doings of the
court, and taking the one half claimed by the
informers, the committee now say that having
accepted (he doings of that court, whether right
or wrong, he cannot go back of them. The
court has given him $40,000, and now he comes
before us and asks us to gi\e him $41,309 40,
the amount received into the Treasury. This
bill gives him that amount, striking out the
interest which the Senate propose to give j
him.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Where are these bonds?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. He
has them now. The State never had the bonds.
Tnis bili piovides, if he gives up the bonds, so
that the Government can arrange with Indi-
ana, we will pay him over the money. The
committee had no trouble in that regard, and
gentlemen will have none if they will notice
the wording of the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish t,o suggest, that
this bill is precisely like the printed bill, and
there is no difference between the chairman of
the committee and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. The matter of interest is simply a recital
in the bill, and not an appropriation. All par-
ties agree that the amount paid into the Treas-
ury was $41,309 40, and all agree that is all
we should appropriate. Tlie simple effect of
the amendment is to send the bill back to the
Senate. If this interest is simply a recital of
what was confiscated as so much cash, I do
not see the necessity of the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
bill reads plainly, as 1 have stated. There is
no question that we propose to pay what was
paid into the Treasury, to pay the principal
and to cut, off the interest.
Mr. DUKE. I ask the Clerk to read the
printed bill, so the House may see where the
mistake arises.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill for thfi relief of Nicholas M. Page, exocntor
of Samuel Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Semite find House of lienr</tenta-
tive* of the United S'tatrxof Ai/fi ira in (\>ugi c^s<i6-sem-
hled, That the sum of &40,Ki)9 40 bo, mid the same
is hereby, appropriated, out o! any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in bau.-d.iciion
ot the chiimof NicholasM. l\icre, cxccu! rof S'unuel
Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia, lor reimburse-
ment of that sum paid into the IVca^uiy of 1 ho Uni-
ted States, the said sum having been paid under a
decree of the dish iet court of \ he disf i ict of Indiana,
consenting $109,000 in the live per ecu?, bondtf
ot said St<He, andfc'lU/JUJc.iMi, bein'xtwoyears'uiicr-
cst on said bonds, bo!onsm« to said S Mi! lev,
which decree was afterward rev-T^od and set, n-ido
by the circuit court oi" the United tt.; ie<: l'>ovi<it'dt
however^ That befoic such pa> mom sU.,11 bw made to
said exeeutor the Shite bonds whie'i were : iio sub-
ject of such decree ol coniiscalion sua 11 be domxi ted
witii the Secretary ot the Treasury ot the United
States, subject to suoh dispOMlion jih the LoL?i«da',ure
of the State of Indiana mav see fit to in.ike of the
same; which said State bond* are do^enbed as lol-
lows, namely: No. 512, amount $12,000; No. 699,-
auiount fr-4 000; No. 715, amount SUM); No. 13-8,
amount $9,009; No. 1519, amount $~\0jl); No. 1-.I0,
amount £3.000; No. 1004, amount £).0>3; No. IGoJ,
amount #1,000; No. 170S, amount No. 1007,
amount, s?4.000; No. 53, amount $iti.000; No. 2/7,
amount $22,000; No. 354. amount 5i;>.0J0; No. 419,
amount &3.000, No. 1010, amount
Mr. DUKE. Now thai mij sfhat the $10,000
was part of the amount confiscated, and the
Senate bill, if.it be correctly primed, provides
for the appropiiation of the actual amount paid
into the Treasury. It is evidently pait of the
recital. By decree so much of principal and
so much interest was confiscated. I think the
gentleman will be satisfied of that if lie will
look at it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of ^Massachusetts. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be
reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
RICHARD M. GUKVO;.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the committee
next took up a bill (H. R. No. 1188) for the
payment of Richard NF, Green for the use of
his patent by the Government.
The bill, which was read, appropriates $5,000
from any money in theTreasury not otherwise
appropriated, as payment in full to Richard M.
Green, for the use by the Government of his
patent machine for bending chain cable-links,
connecting shackles, and tackle-hooks.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does that bi!I come from
anv committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is before the
committee by unanimous consent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of order
that it should first go to the Cuin.iutlee el the
Whole. [Laughter.] .
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is now m Com-
mittee of the Whole*, having b°en reported by
the Committee on Naval Aif.m>\
