150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I have to ask
•whether there is any report accompanying the
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. There is a report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Naval Affairs, having had under
consideration the petition of Richard M. Green, for
compensation for the use of his patent right in the
navy-yards of the United States, make the following
report:
The invention of said Green is of a machine for
bending chain cable-links and tackle-hooks by press-
ure instead of by blows with a hammer.
The advantages are:
1. Uniformity of shape, which could not be attained
by the old method.
2. Less liability of breaking the fiber of the iron,
on account of the equal strain in bending.
S. Great saving in labor, it being shown by actual
use that this machiuo will bend as many links in a
day with the labor of three men as six men of more
mechanical .skill than the three required to work the
machine can bend in the same time with sledges.
The saving of labor in bending tackle-hooks is
much greater, this machine being capable of turn-
ing out more than two hundred in one day, at a cost
for labor of nine dollars, while by the use of ham-
mers only twenty can be bentin one day at a cost of
$7 50. Considering the amount of work now being
done and to be done, both in the manufacturing of
cables and tackle-hooks, a very large saving could
be made to the Government by the purchase of this
machine for the sum appropriated.
Mr. HALE. The committee examined this
case carefully, and if there be no objection I
move that the bill be laid aside in order to be
reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
now move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Perry reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the State
of the Union had had under consideration the
private Calendar, and desired him to report
sundry bills, in which the concurrence of the
House was asked.
nicholas m. page.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
title of the first bill reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole with an amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill (S. No. 673) for the relief of Nicholas M.
Page. exocutorofSamuelMiller, of Campbell county,
Virginia.
Amend by striking out in lines twelve and thirteen
the words' and $10,000 cash, being two yoalV inter-
est on said bonds."
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IU01IARD M. GREEN.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whol£.on the Private Calendar have also re-
ported the bill (H. R. No. 1188) for the pay-
ment of Richard M. Green, for the use of his
patent by the Government, without amend-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
aecordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the niotion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
appropriations for military academy.
Mr. BECK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2536) making appropriations for the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30, 1872;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BECK. I ask that this bill be made a
special order in Committee of the Whole for
Wednesday next.
There wa3 no objection : and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. MAYNARD, I desire to reserve all
proper points of order on the bill.
JOHN KELLY.
Mr. BURCHARD. I was not present when
the Committee on Banking and Currency was
called. I ask leave to make a report from that
committee.
There was no objection.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Banking and
Currency a bill (H. R. No. 2537) for the relief
of John Kelly; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue a new bond of
§100, with coupons from and including that
of May 1,1865, to John Kelly, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, in place of his coupon bond for
alike amount, No. 15944, act of February 25,
1862, fourth series; also, to issue to the said
John Kelly a new bond for fifty dollars, with
coupons, including that of May 1, 1865, in
place of his coupon bond for a like amount,
No. 3838, same act and series, said bonds
having been destroyed by fire ; provided that
before issuing the new bonds the Secretary of
the Treasury shall require a sufficient bond of
indemnity securing the Government against the
presentation of the bonds alleged to be lost.
Mr. BURCHARD. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
aecordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURCHARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william p. thomasson.
Mr. COBB,jof Wisconsin, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee of Claims
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 420) for the relief
of William P. Thomasson; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay toJVjlliam
P. Thomasson, out of the appropriation for the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, the sum of $477 77, toreimburse
him for a judgment and costs imposed by the
court of common pleas of Jefferson county,
Kentucky, while in the legal discharge of his
duties as an officer of the United States.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
_ Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed;' and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
kemoval oi? political disabilities.
Mr. PORTER, from the select Committee
on Reconstruction, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2538) to relieve certain persons therein named
from legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It removes the political
disabilities of the following persons: Albert
B. Chappell, of Sussex county, Virginia; Lit-
tleton R. Edwards, of Southampton county,
Virginia: Joel M. Temple, of Prince George
county, Virginia; 0. M. Winston, of King Wil-
liam county, Virginia; Richard E.Thornton, of
Sussex county, Virginia; J. D. Thornton, of
Sussex county, Virginia; T. G. Barhain, of
Southampton county, Virginia; W. C. Rice, of
Northumberland county,Virginia; W. H. Hud-
well, of Northumberland county, Virginia;
George T. Peers, of Appomattox county, Vir-
ginia; Johnson Godbey, of Floyd county, Vir-
ginia; W.T. Taliaferro, ofFranklin county,Vir-
ginia; 'Alexander C. Bickham,of Washington
parish, Louisiana ; Joseph H. Shue, of Rock-
ingham county, Virginia; John L. Caldwell, of
Washington county, Virginia; Clifton G. Hill,
of Craig county, Virginia; John B. Appling,
of'Henry county, Alabama; George P. Iiincey,
of Henry county, Alabama; William R. Kelly,
of Henry county, Alabama; W. E. Bradley,
of Henry county, Alabama; Alexander B.
Cochran, of Augusta county, Virginia; John
N. Davis, of Goochland county, Virginia ; W.
K. Turner, of Nashville, Tennessee; N. B.
Jones, of Powhatan county, Virginia.
Mr. MAYNARD. I notice in the list of
names that of W. K. Turner, of Nashville,
Tennessee, which I do not reeogeize; and I
will ask my colleague [Mr. Prosser] if he
knows who he is, and on what ground he is
entitled to amnesty?
Mr. PROSSER. My colleague inquires in
reference to the name of Mr. Turner, of Nash-
ville. I desire to say to him that that gentle-
man has been elected, principally by the votes
of the Republicans of Davidson county, to the
office of county judge of that county. It is the
unanimous wish of Republicans of that county
that his disabilities should be removed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this the same gentle-
man who in 1862 or in 1863 was criminal judge
there?
Mr. PROSSER. I cannot answer the gen-
tleman's question categorically; but I do know
that lie was recently elected, chiefly by the Re-
publicans of Davidson county, to the office of
county judge, and that they desire the removal
of his disabilities.
Mr, PORTER. I will state to the House
that all, or nearly all, of the gentlemen whose
names are included in this bill have been
elected to office, and that unless it is passed
they will not be able to qualify, and thus the
will of the people will be defeated.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to make a point
of order as to the form of this measure. I
submit that it is not proper to relieve political
disabilities by bill or resolution, for every bill
or joint resolution must go to the President
for his approval. Now, this is not a subject
over which the President has any jurisdiction.
He has no power to approve or veto a bill to
remove political disabilities. By the express
terms of the fourteenth article of the Constitu-
tion that power is reserved to Congress by a
two-thirds vote.
Now, I make this question because it is one
of importance in several respects. If such a
bill as this requires the signature of the Presi-
dent it cannot take effect, failing that signa-
ture, for ten days, although it may have passed
both Houses. 1 think no lawyer in the House
will doubt that under the fourteenth amend-
ment political disabilities can be removed sim-
ply by a concurrent resolution of the two
Houses. Those restrietions are removed the
moment the concurrent resolution has received
the consent of the two Houses; and I submit
that it is within the province of the Chair to
rule upon _ this question. I therefore make
this as a point of order, and if I am mistaken in
that, I will appeal_ to the House to determine
that these disabilities shall only be removed in
the form prescribed by the Constitution.
• ^^^SOLL. After the previous ques-
tion has been ordered, what right has the gen-
tleman to discuss this bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rises to a
point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I submit, as a point
or order, that, Congress cannot grant relief by
bill or joint resolution.
