976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
lands. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ftOWARD. I present the memorial of
Rufus B. Bullock and others, of Atlanta, Geor-
gia, in which they allege that the,science and
practice of homeopathy has been declared by
millions of the citizens of the United States to
be an indispensable branch of medicine; that
all allopathic colleges _ have, without excep-
tion, in a sectarian spirit, studiously excluded
the teachings of the homeopathic theory and
practice from the curriculum of studies,, in
some instances compelled the students to take
an oath that they would never practice home-
opathy ; and in almost every case where the
student is inclined to accept homeopathy he
is threatened with the severe displeasnre of the
faculty, to the great detriment of science, to
the injury of our fellow-men, and contrary to
the spirit of our liberal institutions and com-
prehensive education; and they therefore pray
that, in the bill which is pending_ before Con-
gress, as they say, for the establishment of a
national university, provision may be made
for a cbair of homeopathy, in which I most
cordially concur. I move that this memorial
be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, as that committee has the bill
in charge.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I also present a similar
memorial from various persons residing at
Ann Arbor, in the State of Michigan, alleging
the same evils and asking for the same remedy.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
John A. D. Arman, P. M. Carroll, and D. T.
Laird, of Calhoun county, Alabama, praying
the removal of their political disabilities;
which wa3 referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WARNER. I also present the petition
of Ellen B. E. Sherman and others, trustees
of the St. Aloysius Relief Society, which I ask
to have read and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
The Chief Clerk read the petition as follows:
To the Honorable the Congress of the United States:
Tour petitioners, the trustees of the St. Aloysius
Relief Society, respectfully represent:
That the St. Aloysius Relief Society is a corpora-
tion organized under the act of May 5,1870, and has
for its object the relief of the poor of the city of
Washington and the founding of an institution to
give employment to destitute women.
That said society is io active operation, with a duly
organized board of trustees, secretary, treasurer, and
visiting committee to ascertain and relieve the wants
of the poor.
That no person connected with said society re-
ceives any pecuniary compensation for her labors
in any manner -whatever, and that said society is in
no way whatever sectarian in organization, object,
or character.
That the fair lately held by said society atMasonie
Hall in this city realized the sum of $3,600.
That said sum has been set apart as a nucleus for
a building fund to erect a building wherein those in
want who have the ability to labor may be provided
with occupation with reasonable compensation.
That the probable cost of said building will be
$15,000.
That pending the accumulation of the necessary
funds for the erection of said building the funds
realized from said fair are being invested in first
mortgages on real estate in this city, and that $1,000
of said receipts of said fair have already been in-
vested on said securities at an interest of ten per
cent, per annum.
That in themean time there are great and pressing
demands upon said spciety for the temporary relief
of indigent poor in this city.
That the contributions now received by thesociety
from charitably disposed persons amount on an
average to about fifty dollars per month, whieh are
exclusively devoted to relief of immediate wants of
the poor.
That said sum is utterly inadequate to meet the
numerous appeals made upon the society for this
purpose.
Wherefore, as this is in no sense a private charity,
nor limited to persons of any race, color, or sect, nor
of any condition, save that of abject poverty and
want, your petitioners earnestly and respectfully
pray to your honorable body that in your annual
remembrance of the poor an appropriation may be
made for the purposes of the St. Aloysius Relief
Society, in such sum as to you may seem j ust, to be
disbursed in aid of the building fund of said society
or for immediate charity, as you in your superior
wisdom may direct.
ELLEN B. E. SHERMAN,
President.
M. -C. STOUGHTON.
MARY E. S. WOODWARD.
Trustees.
Washington, February 2.1871.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORTON presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, withdrawing its
assent to the ratification of the fifteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; whieh was ordered to lie o n the
table, and be printed.
He also presented the memorial of Mary A.
Ripley, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as a nnrse during the late war; which
was referred fo the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented three petitions
of citizens of Vermont, praying for the estab-
lishment of a chair of homeopathy in the pro-
posed nationaluniversityatWashington ; which
were referred to the Committee on the District
of Colombia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying the appointment of
a commission to andit and determine the dam-
ages done by the Alabama and other British
cruisers; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of
citizens of Englewood, New Jersey, praying
the appointment of a commission to adjust the
Alabama claims; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of New Jersey, praying for the establishment
of a chair of homeopathy in the proposed
national university at Washington; which were
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a petition of
citizens of Washington county, Virginia, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from
Abingdon, in that State, to Holston Valley post
office, Tennessee; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the claimants have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Secretary of the Senate all
the papers relating to the Oregon volunteers of 1854,
for the purpose of filing them with the accounting
officers of the Treasury.
reports of committees,
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1184) to fix the pay of supreme judges in
Idaho Territory, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote will now be taken on the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to have it placed
on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, with the adverse
report.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred additional papers in
relation to the claim of Fernando J. Morioo,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; whieh was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2306) granting a pension to Orson R. Wil-
lard, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1294) to authorize the promulgation of the
general regulations for the government of the
Army, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2810) to
pay members of certain military organizations
therein named, reported it without amendment.
Healso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
332) for tie relief of Captain E. W. Bass, late
of the fifth Tennessee cavalry, reported it teth-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
451) to appropriate old and condemned bronze
cannon for soldiers' monuments and cemete-
ries, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 466) grant-
ing condemned cannon for certain soldiers'
cemeteries, and the joint resoluticta (H. R. No.
342) donating condemned cannon, reported
adversely thereon, and moved that tbey be
indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLFaMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (H. ft. No. 2417) for the bet-
ter security of agricultural college funds, to
report it back with amendments, and I ask
for its present consideration. I think it will
take no time and produce no discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object to it,
but I wish to know whether my colleague on
the committee has submitted the amendments
to the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Brows-
low,] who introduced the bill. He not being
able to speak on this question, I feared that
he had not seen the amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not submitted the
amendments to the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. POMEROY. Then 1 suggest to the
Senator to withdraw the report for a moment
until the Senator from Tennessee can examine
the amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw the report
for the moment.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ten-
nessee could address the Senate on the ques-
tion I should have nothing to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
Mr. WILLIAMS subsequently said: I desire
to renew the report I made a few moments
since. lam directed by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands to report back the bill (H. R. No.
2417) for the better security of agricultural col-
lege funds with amendments. I find that the
amendments are entirely satisfactory to the
Senator from Tennessee and do not affect the
merits of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the bill will be
put on its passage. I only delayed it for the
sake of knowing whether the Senator from
Tennessee was satisfied or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
but was interrupted by
Mr. FOWLER. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to its present consideration, the bill will
be placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1244) regulating the
organization and conduct of the public schools
in the District of Columbia, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1032) to amend
the laws relating to titles in the District of
Columbia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropria-
tions, to whom was referred the bill (EE. R.
No. 2615) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, have directed me to report it back with
certain amendments; and I desire to state
that I shall call up the bill for consideration
