1871.
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
on next Thursday or Friday, in pursuance of
notice already given.
Mr. STEWART. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill
1103, to define and protect the rights of miners
and to encourage the development of mines.
If the bill be taken up, I will give way to
reports. I should like to get rid of this bill
this morning.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to make a
report.
Mr. STEWART. I will give way to reports
as soon as the bill is taken up. If I can get
the bill up now, I think there will be a few
minutes left of the morning hour after the
morning business is disposed of, in which
time I can get rid of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have fifteen or twenty
reports to make, but I will not make any ob-
jection to the Senator's motion if I can be
allowed to make the reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to take
up the bill which he has indicated. Is there
objection to the proposition? The Chair hears
no objection. The bill is before, the Senate,
and the Senator from Nevada now yields to
allow morning business to be presented.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A mining bill.
The Senator from Nevada asks unanimous con-
sent to take it up, the morning business not
having concluded, stating that he will yield
afterward to the morning business.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the bill
read by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
cannot at this moment lay his hand upon it.
Reports of committees are still in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of James Coon, praying for,a pension, report-
ed a bill (S. No. 1310) granting a pension to
James Coon ; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
petition of William J. Henry, praying for an
increase of pension, to report it back to the
Senate with the statement that it is purely a
question of the extent of the disability, which
is a medical question that the Department and
not the committee ought to decide. We there-
fore report that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
petition of Mrs. Sarah Johnson, asking for
arrears of pension, to report it adversely upon
the same ground that we have reported upon
all petitions of that character.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the petition of F. €r. D. Strouse, praying for
arrears of pension, to report adversely thereon
for the same reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from its further considera-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the petition of Martha J. Willey, asking for a
pension for her child under sixteen years of
age, to report a bill for her relief. A pension
has been granted to this lady, but by some
accident or omission her infant child was
omitted.
The bill (S. No. 1309) granting relief to
Martha J. Willey was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. EDMONDS. I am also directed by
the same committee to report back the peti-
tions of sundry homeopathic medical societies
and citizens touching the removal of one Dr.
Stillman Spooner, a homeopathic surgeon,
41st Cong. 3d Skss.—No. 62.
from being an examining pension surgeon.
We are unable to see how, by legislation, we
can compel the executive department to select
one surgeon rather than another, where there
are several in a town, to be an examining
surgeon. We therefore ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
petition of Ann Holliday, praying for a pen-
sion, to report it back with a statement that it
appears plain from her statement of the case
that she is entitled to a pension by applying
at the Pension Office, where she has not ap-
plied, and therefore we do not wish to pass a
special law when the general one gives her
relief. We therefore move that she have leave
to withdraw her petition and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back the petition of
John Davis, of Madison county, North Caro-
lina, praying for a pension, with the statement
that we are unable to find any evidence of his
disability existing at the time he performed
service; but as he is also a soldier of the war
of 1812 he will probably be provided for in
another way. We therefore ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of his
petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back the petition of
Andrew tjays, a soldier of the war of 1812,
asking for a pension. He seems to be entitled
under the general law, if he is entitled at all.
which the proof before us does not show. We
therefore ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back the petition of
Rebecca C. Meeker, widow of Captain James
F. Meeker, praying to be allowed a pension,
with the statement that the proof taken with
the papers is insufficient to satisfy us of the
existence of the disability caused by military
service. We therefore ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back the petition of
Mary Ann Montgomery, praying to be allowed
a pension, with the statement that she has made
no application at the Pension Office and fur-
nishes us with no attainable evidence to satisfy
ns that the service was performed in the way
she claims it to have been. We therefore
report that she have leave to withdraw her
petition and papers, thinking she may be able
to make out a case in the Pension Office if she
is entitled to relief.
The repoit was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Eliza
Dibble, praying for arrears of pension, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Margaretta Becker,
reported a bill (S. No. 1311) granting a pen-
sion to Margaretta Becker; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. _
He also, fr.om the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of sundry persons,
praying for pensions to the widows of the sol-
diers of the wart>f 1812, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, the subject hav-
ing been acted upon ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J, R. Paul, asking
for arrears of pension, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Quinn,
praying for arrears of pension, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1161) for the re-
lief of Roxalana W. Sawyer, reported it with
amendments; and submitted a report thereon,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of sundry citizens of
Ohio, praying for pensions to the soldiers of
the war of 1812, and a similar petition from
citizens of Tennessee, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of soldiers of the war
of 1812, praying for pensions, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ann Jeffries, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Julia Whist-
ler, widow of the late Colonel William Whist-
ler of the regular Army, reported a bill (S.
No. 1308) granting a pension to Julia Whist-
ler; which was read, and passed to a secoud
reading.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of James G. McNutt, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2247) for the
payment to Elias Shipman of the amount
allowed by the War Department, repoited
adversely thereon, and moved its iudefiuite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the hill (H. R.
No. 1331) for the relief of A. F. McMillan,
reported adversely thereon.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that it be placed on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 289) relating to the claim of Pablo
de la Toba, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. UnlesssomeSenatordesires
to make a report, I ask the consent ox the
Senate to take up a Senate bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Abill hasalready
been taken up at the request of the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] but he yielded
to the morning business.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (U. R. No. lo21) relinquishing to the
city of Dubuque, Iowa, whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lot
of ground in Dubuque, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee-on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2909) to enable J. H. Sehnell, of
California, to euter and pay for a section of
public land in California for his tea colony,
reported it with an amendment.
ALEXANDER J. M'MIIJjAN'.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1302) for the relief of Alexander J. McMillan,
late lieutenant of company F, ninth regiment
Minnesota volunteer infantry, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
to recommend its passage.
Mr. STEARNS. I ask unanimous consent
