1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
The SPEAKER. It had been the practice
of the Government, until it was corrected in the
Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses, to send
joint resolutions proposing amendments to the
Constitution to the President, although what-
ever requires a two-thirds vote, which is the
legitimate number to override a veto of the
President, does not require the President's as-
sent ; because, even if the President should dis-
sent, the votes of two thirds of each House,
when recorded, would be sufficient to overcome
that dissent. It is a mere matter of form, and
the Chair, as a matter of opinion, would very
gladly concur with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrexce.] As to whether the phrase
"joint resolution".shall be employed, the Chair
apprehends that is a matter of small concern.
Mr. LAWRENCE. A joint resolution re-
quires the approval of the President. The term
should be "concurrent resolution."
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes that in
every instance of a proposed amendment to
the Constitution of the United States the term
"joint resolution " has been employed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire the Chair to
role upon my point of order, that this should
be in some form not requiring it to bo sent to
the President.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hardly
feel it competent for himself to rule that a bill
or joint resolution of this kind should not be
sent to the President,because it is not his duty
to transmit to or withhold from the President
anything of the kind. That is a duty which
belongs to both branches of Congress; that is
a matter upon which there should be concur-
rent action of both Houses. It would not be
proper for the Chair to decide or say what the
Senate should order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask my colleague
[Mr. PrOSSEr] if the Mr. Turner named in
this bill as from Nashville, Tennessee, is not
the old judge of the criminal court there before
the war ?
Mr. PROSSER. He is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was he not one of the
party that organized what was known as the
pike company, of Nashville, before General
Buell with his army went there? And has
he not already taken the oath of office and
entered upon the discharge of its duties, and
has not the Government already instituted pro-
ceedings against him for a violation of a re-
cent act of Congress enforcing the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States?
Mr. PROSSER. In answer to my colleague
[Mr. Maykatiti] I will say that this gentleman,
whose name is in this bill, and to whom he has
referred, was the judge of the criminal court at
the time he speaks of. And as far as my inform-
ation goes he was a member of the company
which was known as the pike company, gotten
up to make war npon the Government of the
United States. But like a great many others
who also joined in the same enterprise, he long
ago saw the error oi his ways, and like several
others who belonged to that company and after-
ward became good Republicans . he has con-
ducted himself in every respect, so tar as my
knowledge goes, as agood citizen and as a loyal
man.
In answer to the question whether he has not
already taken the oath of office, and has since
been proceeded against as holding office in vio-
lation ofthe fourteenth amendment, I would say
that such is the case.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PROSSER. If the gentleman will wait
till I have replied to mjr colleague, I will then
yield to him for a question.
I desire to say in reference to this matter that
this man, Mr. Turner, a number of years ago
took what was known as the amnesty oath.
Since that time he has conducted himself in
all respects, so far as my ltnowlpdge goes, as a
loyal citizen. At the time of his recent elec-
tion to the office of eountv jndjfe of Davidson
county he was under the impression that he
rested under no political disabilities ; that the
third section of the fourteenth artieleof amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States
did not apply him ; that he did not come within
the scope of its provisions. He was elected,
as I said before, almost exclusively by the
Republican voters of Davidson county to the
office of county judge, and has since that time
assumed the duties of that office. Since then
proceedings have been instituted against him
as holding office in violation of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, either this
man is under political disabilities or he is not.
If he is not under political disabilities, then
there is no occasion for any action here. If
he is, it is a fact which he knew perfectly well
when he entered upon the duties of the office ;
and in this aspect of the case it makes no dif-
ference whether he was elected by Republicans
or Democrats. If he was under political dis-
abilities, then, in the very act of takingthe oath
of office and entering upon the discharge of
the duties, he violated the Constitution; and
now, when the Government of the United
States has proceeded against him through its
appropriate officers, I protest against Congress
interposing between him and the penalty of
the violated law. I trust that his name will be
withdrawn from the bill, or that I shall be per-
mitted to introduce an amendment to strike it
out. When men have knowingly violated the
law which we passed here at the last session,
and when the Government has proceeded
against them, I think that we should not inter-
vene in this way.
Mr. PROSSER. In reply to my colleague
[Mr. Maynard] I desire to insist that no more
worthy application for the removal of disabil-
ities can come before this House than that of
this man Turner. He has been acting in good
faith. He was not conscious of resting under
any disabilities when he assumed this office.
Whatever proceedings may have^been taken
against him in the Federal courts of Tennes-
see, thev will not be interfered with in any way
by the removal of his disabilities. I insist that
his name shall remain in the bill, and I hope
that the House will act favorably upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope it will not.
Mr. PORTER. I must insist on the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will not the gentleman
permit me to offer an amendment to strike out
the name of this man Turner?
Mr. PORTER. I yield for that amendment.
Mr. MA.YNARD. I move to strike out the
name ofW. K. Turner, of Nashville, Tennes-
^Mr. BECK. I wish to ask the gentleman
from. Virginia [Mr. Porter] whether the assent
ofthe Committee ®n Reconstruction has been
aiven to more than halfof the names embraced
m this bill. Is it not the fact that more than
half the names have been added since the assent
of the committee was asked to the measure?
Mr. PORTER. I do not know that every
member of the committee has been consulted
111 regard to each name ; but most of the com-
mittee have been asked in reference to them,
and have signed the report. I will read the
names of the members signing it if the gentle-
man wishes it.
Mr. BECK. Is it not the fact that the bill
eonta'ined only about ten names when it was
brought for approval to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgax] and myself? There now
appear new names of men from Tennessee,
Alabama, and Louisiana. _ _
Mr. PL ATT. With the permission of my
colleague, [Mr. Porter,] I will make a state-
ment in regard to this bill.
Mr. PORTER. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. PLATT. This bill contains some ten
names in which I was personally interested—
the names of gentlemen who have been elected
to office by both political parties, and who must
qualify by the 1st of January or they cannot
qualify at all. I went in person to every mem-
ber of the select Committee on Reconstruction
who was here, and obtained the assent of each
to the reporting of the bill with these names.
When it became known that such a bill was to
be reported, a great many members came to
me with other names which they wished to have
added. I replied that personally I had 110 ob-
jections, and would be glad to accommodate
them, but that I was not authorized to speak
for the other members of the committee. The
additional names have been "inserted since the
bill was shown by me to members of the Re-
construction Committee, and 1 amnot prepared
to speak in regard to the merits of these indi-
viduals ; but I do hope no objection will be
raised to removing the disabilities of the gen-
tlemen whose names were originally submitted
by me to the members of the Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. BECK. I wish to make a single state-
ment which will detain the House b_ut^ a mo-
ment. When the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Platt] asked me to assent to a bill contain-
ing a few names of individuals who had been
elected to office, I did so reluctantly; but in
regard to many of the persons now included
in the bill, I do not know whether their peti-
tions have ever been before the Committee
on Reconstruction. I know that their cases
have never been examined by myself and
some of my colleagues. It has been my
purpose to ask the House next Monday to
suspend the rules for the purpose of passing
the Senate bill containing all these names and
also the names of a number of citizens of Ken-
tucky. I do hope that these isolated cases will
be withheld until we bring before the House
next Monday the Senate measure 011 this
subject.
Mr. DEGENER. Can that be done on Mon-
day in case your committee does not meet?
Mr. BECK. It can be done under a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. PORTER. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded ana
the main question ordered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
45, noes 75.
Mr. ARNELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ARNELL moved that the bill be laid
on the tabic.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ARNELL and Mr. KELSEY demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was dccided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 53. not vot-
ing 70; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Ayer, Barnum
Beck, Bennett, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird
Booker, Georgo jVI. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burcli-■
ard, Calkin. Churchill, William Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Conger, Conner, Cook, Cox, Degener, Dick-
inson, Dox, Duke, Eldrnlge, Farncworrh, 1 erry,
Einkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield. Gctz.Gris-
wold. Hale, Hambleton.Hamill, Harris, Hay, lleflm.
Hill. Holoian, Hooper, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones.
Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketehani, Knott. Laflin,
Lawrence, Loughridge. Lynch. Manning, Alarshaii,
Mayham. McCrary, Mcliee, Mckenzie, MoNeely,
MUnes, Eliakim il. Moore. William .\loore, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Momsscy, Mnn-
gen, Myers. Niblack, O'Neill, Perce, Peters. Platt
Porter, Potter, Prosser, Beeves, Bice,Rogers, lloots,
Sanford, Schenck, Sehumaker, Scofleld, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Sioenm. John A.
Joseph S. Smith. Worthington C. kraith,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,Swann. Linncr.in
man, Twichell, Upson. Wallace, William B. - .
burn. Welker.EugeneM. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
and Woodward—111. ' ,r>.-;w-v
NAYS—Messrs. AmWer, Arnell, Atwood, BAile>,
Beatty, Benjamin, B4®nton. Beomimn I. . .
Roderick R. Butler, Amasa Cobb, Cobum, UivoUe,
Cowles, Dickey, Donley, Duval, ti J ■a'
Ilawkius, Hose, Holmes,
M.iymird. McGrew, Morcur, Jctau -it. Mot.iv, iAiai-1
