978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February C,
for the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Lieutenant McMillan, just reported by the
Senator from Massachusetts from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. It is a case on
which no discussion can possibly arise, and in
which great wrong is being done to a faithful
soldier, and every day's delay does a greater
wrong. The facts are that lie actually served
in command of a company for over eight
months for which he has received no pay. It
came about in this way: one A. N. Hall
received a commission as first lieutenant of
the company, but before he was mustered he
was taken prisoner. Soon after he was taken
prisoner commissions came to the company
for Hall as first lieutenant and McMillan as
second lieutenant. McMillan was actually
mastered as second lieutenant, and took com-
mand of the company and commanded it from
August, 1864, to April, 1865. Hall was then
released and was then mustered as first lieu-
tenant, to date from the time he received
liis commission, which was anterior to the
time that McMillan was mustered, and bv a
special order of the War Department the mus-
ter of McMillan was post-dated to the time
that Hall was released and received his com-
mission as first lieutenant. He had been
mustered out as first sergeant, was mustered in
as second lieutenant, and then by post-dating
the muster he actually served without draw-
ing even clothing or rations, and commanded
a company in active service for every day
during nearly nine months, for which he has
not received one cent. He being a soldier
that I myself enlisted, I feel a good deal of
solicitude to get the bill through while I am
here. Knowing the facts as I do, I ask unan-
imous consent to put. the bill on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1302) for the relief of
Alexander J. McMillan, late lieutenant of
company F, ninth regiment Minnesota volun-
teer infantry. It directs the proper accounting
officers of the United States, in settlement with
Alexander J. McMillan, late lieutenant com-
pany F, ninth regiment Minnesota volunteer
infantry, to allow him the pay and allowance?
ofasecond lieutenant of infantry for the full
period of time during which he performed the
duties and bore the responsibilities of a second
lieutenant in that company.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1307) to carry out treaty stipulations with the
Choctaw Indians; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1312) to incorporate the Mutual
Gas Company of the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1318) to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide a temporary government for the Terri-
toiy of Wyoming," approved July 25, 1868;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
.Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1311) to establish certain post routes in Kan-
sas ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post OJiees and Post
lloads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CliAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 313) authorising-the nom-
ination and appointment to the retired list
of the Navy of certain volunteer officers on
the active list of the Navy who are disabled
in consequence of wounds received during the
late war; which was read twice by its title,
referred^ to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
* message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbbson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested .-
A bill (H. R. No. 2868) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Wyoming,'' approved
July 25,1868;
A bill (H. R. No. 2691) to repeal an act
of the Legislature of Wyoming Territory ap-
portioning said Territory for members of the
council and.house of representatives of the
territorial Legislature;
A bill (H. R. No. 2989) in relation to char-
ters and incorporations in the Territories of
the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 2940) in relation to the
fees and compensation of United States attor-
neys, marshals, and clerks in the Territories
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 2941) regulating the com-
pensation of members and officers of the Legis-
lative Assemblies of the several Territories of
the United States, and limiting the duration
of said Assemblies;
A bill (H. R. No. 2942) relating to the entry
of public lands in the Territories of the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 2-504) to provide for the
reapportionment of the members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado;
A bill (H. R. No. 2943) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of
Montana Territory; and
A bill (H. R.No. 2944) to provide a temporary
civil organization for the territory of Alaska.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2524) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, andjudicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
rights or miners.
Mr, THAYER. I ask the Senate to finish
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1227)
to authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] has a bill up which
he has yielded for morning business. There
cannot be two bills up at the same time. The
bill called up by the Senator from Nevada
is the bill (S. No. 1103) to define and pro-
tect the rights of miners and to encourage the
development of mines. That bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
question is on the amendment reported by the
Committeeon Mines and Miningasasubstitute.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment has been
read in full. I wish to make two or three little
verbal amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
Senator explain wherein it amends existing law.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
these verbal amendments to be made I will do
that. At the end of the second section I move
to insert " the end lines of each claim shall
be parallel, atid at right angles with the gen-
eral course of the vein-," in line seven of sec-
tion three, to strike out the words " made in
accordance" and insert "not in conflict;"
in line sixteen of section three, to strike out
the word "exterior" before the word "parts,"
and insert the word "outside;" in section five,
after the words "of the," in line three, insert
" United States, or with the;" after the word
"claim," in line fifteen, to insert "of two hun-
dred feet;" after the word " claim," in line
nineteen, to insert "of two hundred feet;" and
then, in the eighth section, lines four and five,
to strike out the words " but shall conform to
the lines of tbe claim or claims in common."
These are mere verbal alterations, and I will
send a corrected copy to the Chair and ask that
these verbal amendments be adopted, if there
be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection these amendments will be regarded
as agreed to. The Chair hears 110 objection,
and they are agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I will state to the Senator
from Kansas that this bill makes no change
in the principles of the legislation heretofore
had as to mining claims, except that it limits ■
in certain instances the right of the miners
to make laws for themselves and defines the
shape of their claims more definitely. It leaves
them within a certain space to make laws, con-
firms what they have done, and simplifies and
cheapens the mode of obtaining patents. It does
not change the price to be paid, or vary the
extent of the rights of miners, but brings the
system nearer in harmony with our genetal
land system. It is in precise accordance with
the Senator's desire to bring it in accordance
with the laws. It is a bill that has been pent
out five or six times in various forms through
the mining States and Territories ; their sug-
gestions have been considered, and it lias also
been considered to a great extent by those
connected with the Committee on Mines and
Mining in the House of Representatives. It
is believed that it will simplify the system
very much, cheapen it, and bring it in harmony
with the general land laws.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator before
he takes his seat if this bill does not give to
the miners privileges on the public lands which
they do not now by law have.
Mr. STEWART. In no way or shape. It
limits the size of the claims. It says, for
instance, that a claim sha'!l not be more than
three hundred feet on each side of the vein.
Now there is no limitation ; they can have
as mnch as they please. There are limita-
tions in it. It gives them no additional priv-
ileges, but regulates their existing privileges
and prevents their having legislation that will
cau&e an abuse of the privileges they have.
It is desired by the mining community gen-
erally, and has been pretty thoroughly dis-
cussed among them. It was pending a long
while before we would consent to make an
amendment to the law of I860 that was passed
through in rather a crude state.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator if one thousand feet would not bo
enough in the fourth section, instead of the
fifteen hundred feet there provided.
Mr. STEWART. That provision is pre-
cisely in accordance with the existing law. I
did not think it wise in this bill to change any
principle of the existing law as to the extent
of claims except to limit the size. The pro-
visions of this bill are more limitations on the
legislation of the miners than anything else,
and a simplification of the mode of getting
patents for mines.
Mr. FOWLER. Does the bill require that
work shall be actually constructed on the tun-
nels provided for in section four?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, that, is with regard
to a prospecting tunnel. There are some
adventurous people in Colorado running a
tunnel, hoping that they will find something in
the mountains, and they complain that while
they are running thetunnel other people locate
with a view of taking advantage of their labor.
The provision is that while they are engaged
actually in running tunnels nobody shall take
up the blind ledges so as to take advantaged
their labor. They can take on the furtacu,
but shall not locate mere speculative claims
to take advantage of their pfospecting tunnels
That is all there is ef that. It applies to ti
