1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
condition of things which exists in Colorado.
I have had a large correspondence on the sub-
ject. They think they may find something in
the mountains, and it is with that view that
thif provision is inserted.
Mr. POMEROY. I hesitated to say much
about this bill because it did not come from
any committee that I am on, and I do not
know all its provisions. I feel a great reluc-
tance, however, in changing any system that
has been established in regard to administer-
in? on the public lands; but I have had my
attention called to the tunnel provision in this
bill which the Senator did not explain.
Mr. STEWART. I will explain that. The
bill provides that if tunnels are run, either to
work a ledge already discovered or for the
purpose of exploring where nothing appears
on the surface, those running the tunnel shall
have what they find and develop; that nobody
shall locate a ledge that does not appear on
the surface while they are running that tun-
nel in good faith. That is all. It applies to
certain cases in Colorado, as I have already
explained, where there are two or three com-
panies who think they can find something in
the mountains. It would not be fair to them
to allow persons to locate claims merely for
experiment, where the precious metals are
not known to exist, w.iile they are prospect-
ing the tunnel. It is to allow those running
the tunnel if they find anything that does not
appear on the surface to locate it; that is all.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not occupy time
this morning if the Senator desires to have the
bill passed now.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
bill passed noiv.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia who is a member of the Committee on
Public Lands [Mr. Casserly] understands
this question of mines better than I do, and I
supposed he desired to address the Senate
upon this bill. I do not want to occupy time
about it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
report the amendment just made at the end
of the second section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment just agreed to, oil
the motion of the Senator from Nevada, at
the end of the second section.
The Chief Clerk;. I'lie second section of
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Mines and Mining has been amended by add-
ing the words " the end lines of each claim
shall be parallel, and at right angles with the
general course of the vein.''1
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the unfinished business of Satur-
day is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I think if I can have five
minutes this bill can be passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I cannot yield to the appeal
of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. It is very hard to get up
a bill, and when we have it up I think we ought
to be allowed to complete it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls
up the unfinished business of Saturday.
Mr. ItAMSEY. What is the unfinished
business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (II. R.
No. 2295) to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Sol thought.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
reached the reading of the fifty-seventh page
of the bill on Saturday before the executive
session, and its reading will now be resumed
at that point,
BUSINESS OF COJIMITTBE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. This day was assigned
to the Committee on Commerce for the consid-
eration of business from that committee. I
have a large number of bills here in which
members of this body are more or less inter-
ested. I think every member of the body is
interested in some one or other of these bills.
I move that the present and all prior orders be
postponed for the purpose of considering busi-
ness from the Committee on Commerce, in
accordance with the resolution of the Senate
assigning this day for that business.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is that motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I hope it will receive
no favorable action on the part of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it will.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate will recollect
that Saturday was assigned to me. Saturday
is of all days the one least desirable in the
whole week, and yet I agreed to take it, and
we were proceeding with this bill, and were
half through, when the Senator from Michigan
persistently by his motion drove the Senate
•into executive session and the day was lost.
Now I hope that he, of all men, will not insist
on this motion and take this day from me. I
ask the Senate to stand by me.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator had the
day on Saturday for his bill; there it is—a
volume. I hope the Senate will give the Sen-
ator some evening, with the understanding
that they shall not take a vote at all, but let
the Senator and the Clerk read that thing
through and conform with the usages of the
body. It is as interesting as an old almanac.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will give that evening to
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STEWART. Now, I would appeal to the
two Senators. They have occupied sufficient
time to have twice passed my bill. The Sena-
tor from California does not desire to discuss
it. Just five minutes is all I ask, and it will
save half an hour on another occasion, for I
shall keep trying to pass it, because this is an
important matter. They had better give me
five minutes now.
Mr. CHANDLER. To day was set aside
for the consideration of bills from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and I have twenty-eight
bills.
Mr. RAMSEY. But that is superseded by
the unfinished business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business, the postal code bill, being before the
Senate, the Senator from Michigan moves to
| postpone the present and all other orders for
1 the purpose of considering bills from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, this day having been
assigned to that committee, but the unfinished
business having priority. Before putting that
question, the Chair will ask, as the Senator
from Nevada desires it, whether there is further
debate on this bill; and if there be no further
debate, the mining bill amendments will be
regarded as agreed to, the bill read a third time
as amended, and the question is, shall it pass?
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia wants the first amendment to read
" parallel with each other," and desires to sub-
stitute one thousand'for three thousand feet in
one place. I will make those corrections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
stated that there was to be no further debate;
and the Chair was about submitting the ques-
tion to see if that were so.
Mr. STEWART. Let those amendments
be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather state my
own amendments if the Senator will allow me
to do so.
Mr. STEWART. If it does not occupy time:
let us act on my bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Michigan has priority.
Mr. STEWART. I agree to the amend-
ments of the Senator from California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield to allow these amend-
ments to be agreed to?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
then propound the question on the motion of
the Senator from Michigan, which is to post-
pone the present and all other orders for the
purpose of considering bills from the Commit-
tee on Commerce assigned for this day.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 hope this day will be
given to the Committee on Commerce. Here-
tofore the Committee on Commerce have had
assigned to them three or four different days,
and each time have been crowded out by unfin-
ished business. Now, these bills are of great
importance, and 1 hope to-day will be given
to our committee, and that we may take up
bills to which there is no particular objection
and pass them first, and then if there is any
time left we can take up other bills which per-
haps may be contested. The bill in relation
to the postal code can be taken np at any time
hereafter and passed, I have no doubt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were seventeen.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yea3 and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce has not had a single day nor a single
hour to consider business from that commit-
tee during this whole session: and now, sir,
this day having been assigned for the general
business of that committee, business in which
every member of this body is interested more
or less. 1 hope the Senate will give me this
day. This bill of the Senator from Minnesota
will take the whole day, and more too—there
is the franking privilege to be discussed in
it—and if he gets through in a week he will
be fortunate. But this one day has been
assigned to the business of the Committee
on Commerce, and I appeal to the Senate to
give it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I say the Senate has not
given any one day to the Committee on Post
Offices aud Post Roads this session; and on
Saturday last, but for the interference of the
Senator from Michigan, this postal cods bill
might have been disposed of.
Now, that Senator has alluded to the matter
of the franking privilege. I will say that that
question is not in this bill fr')in any desire of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
of the Senate, although they are in favor of
the measure for the abolition of the franking
privilege. It came to us from the House of
Representatives. But what a spectacle will
you be put in before the country if you again,
by this movement of the Senator from Michi-
gan, avoid the consideration of that subject!
The country will say that this is again one of
those 11 "Way^ that are dark
And tricks that are vain."
and that it is merely an effort to avoid the
consideration of the subject of abolishing the
franking privilege. Let us take it up ; let us
face the music ; and if we do not wish to pass
that part of the bill strike it out; but give us
this day. And of all the Senators upon this
floor the Senator from Michigan is the last
one who should make an appeal to me. He
robbed me of Saturday, after but two hours'
consideration of this bill; and when business
was being disposed of very finely he made the
motion to go into executive session, and per-
sisted in it until I was despoiled of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The question being taken by yeas and najs,
resulted—yeas30, nays20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames. Boreman, Brown-
low, Carpenter. Chandler, ConklinK, Oorbett. M-
munds. Fowler, Harris, Howard, Kellogs, Lewis,
ilorton, Osborn. Pool, Pratt, Boss bawjer bber-
man* Spencer, Spraeue, Stewart, Ihayer, Waincr,
WiHey, "Williams, Wilson, and Yate$--to>.
N'AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Caaserly. Dnvi?,
Fen ton, Flanagan, Hamlin, Howe. Johnston, Nye,
Pouaeroy, Ramsey, Rice. Robertson, SauUbury*
Scofcfc, Stockton. Sumner, Tipton, and XrumbuU~2Ut
