1870.
the congressional globe.
m
inducementfor and consideration ofeachsuch remit-
ter or release.
5. A like statement of all compromises made dur
ing the same time with any parties charged with
violations ot the internal revenue laws, and of all
moneys received upon compromises, or upon release
of property seized, or remitter orrelease ofpenalties.
or dismis>al of suits or prosecutions by the Govern-
ment or its officers, and by informers, delators, and
other third persons,
6. A like statement of all costs and expenses in-
curred by the Government in and about and by rea-
son of such seizures, suits, and prosecutions.
7. A like statement showing what persons, if any,
hove been imprisoned by virtue of convictions for
offenses against the internal revenue laws during
the same time, and of such of the same as may have
been released before the expiration of their terms of
imprisonment, and the consideration for and terms
of such release, iu each case.
8. A like statement, in detail, of all fees and com-
pensation paid special attorneys, agents, and others,
lor services or expenses, or as rewards in conncction
with and on account of such seizures, suits, and prose-
cutions during1 the same time, specifying by whom
and by what authority each was employed.
The SPEAKER. This requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that I object
to the information asked for, but there is not
time between now and the 4th of March next
to prepare it for us.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Secretary of the
Treasury has all this information on his
books.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman thinks it
possible that this information can be furnished
to us in time I will not object.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is quite possible j it is
all on the books of the Treasury, and can be
readily copied.
Mr. DAWES. It does not seem to me pos-
sible to have it copied in time. Let it be
referred to some committee for examination.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well; I will ask that
the resolution be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with instructions to report
thereon at an early day.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and referred accordingly.
PARAGUAYAN AFFAXUS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States :
To the House of Representatives ;
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives .ot the 9r,h of April, 1869,1 herewith trans-
mit d report from the Secretary of State.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, December 15,1870.
The report of the Secretary of State was
read, and was to the effect that in relation to
the condition of affairs in Paraguay all the cor-
respondence which is believed to be required
by the public interest has already been made
public.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message from
the President, with the accompanying, papers be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BRAZILIAN AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER, byunanimousconsent, also
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States :
To the House of Brpreientotives:
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 20th of January last. I herewith
transmit a report from the Secretary of State, with
accompanying documents. ^ g QRANTt
Washing-ton, December 15,1870.
The accompanying papers related to corre-
spondence between our minister to Brazil and
the Brazilian Government.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message
of the President, with the accompanying
papeis, be referred to the Committee ou For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL Ob1 PAPERS.
Mr. WOOD,by unanimousconsent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
papers iu &e case of Thomas C. Martin and
others.
Mr. 0&TH, by unanimousconsent, obtained
leave to withdraw the papers of David Battorf,
asking for a pension.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HOATt and Mr. LOGAN obtained leave
of absence till after the holiday recess.
UNEXPJSNCISD BALANCES, ETC,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
statement of balances unexpended on the 30th
of June, 1870; also, the amount appropriated
for the service of'the fiscal year ending June
30, 1871, the net expenditures for the quar-
ter ending September 30, 1870, the amount
required to complete the service of the year,
aud the amount which may be carried to the
surplus fund.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
TITLE DEEDS OP BROOKLYN NAYY-YARD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con*
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting,
in answer to a resolution adopted by the House
on the 6th instant, copies of all deeds on file
in the Navy Department for the land now occu-
pied by the Brooklyn navy-yard ; which was
referred to the Committeeon Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
ESTIMATE OF DEFICIENCIES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting estimates of deficiencies in appropriations
required to complete the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1871 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
COM5IITTEK A 1> 1 OINTM KXTS.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Wallace as a member of the Commit-
tee ou Invalid Pensions, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Strick-
land.
CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LAND3.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2541) to dispose of the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas to actual
settlers only; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
WILBERFORCE UNIVEUSITY.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, by unan-
imous consent, joint resolution (S. R. No. 181)
for the benefit of Wilberforce University, was
taken from the Speaker's tabic, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
MORRIS CUSIIMAN.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimouscon-
sent, introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 2-342) grant-
ing a pension to Morris Cushman: which was
read alirst and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
CHRISTIAN IIILL
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, also, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2543) granting a pension to Christian Hill;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on invalid Pensions.
MIAMI INDIAN RESERVATION'.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by
unanimous consent, joint resolution (S. R- No.
250) relating to the Miami Indian reservation
in Kansas was taken from the Speaker s table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PRINTING OF TREASURY ESTIMATES.
Mr. DAWIiSS, by unanimous consent, sub- ,
mitted the following resolution: which was
read, and under the law, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:.
Rexobed, That five hundred additional copies of
tho letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting estimates of appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1872, be printed for the use of
the House.
BUSINESS Off DISTRICT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. This being the third Fri-
day in the month, and the hour of two o'clock
having arrived, business is in order from the
Committee for the District of Columbia*
DEGREES OF MURDER.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the Disv
trict of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, a bill
(H. li. No. 2012) to define the degrees of mur-
der in the District of Columbia.
The substitute was read, as follows ;
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof tho following:
That if any person shall purposely, and of deliber-
ate and premeditated malice, or in the perpetration
or attempt to perpetrate any rape, arson, robbery, or
burglary, or by purposely and maliciously adminis-
tering poison, or causing the same to be done, kill
another in the District of Columbia, every such per-
son shall be deemed guilty of murder in the first
degree, and upon conviction thereof shall suffer
death.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son shall purposely and maliciously, but without
deliberation and premeditation, kill another in the
District of Columbia, every such person shall be
deemed gu'Ily of murder in the second degree, and
on conviction thereofshall be imprisoned m the peni-
tentiary and kept at, hard labor during life.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall unlawfully kill another in the District of
Columbia without malice, either upon a sudden
quarrel or unintentionally, while the slayer is m the
commission of some unlawful act, every such person
shall be deemed guilty of manslaughter, and upon
conviction thereof shall be imprisoned iu the peni-
tentiary, and kept at haid labor not more than ten
years nor loss than one year.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, Tbatif any person
shall, withm the limits of the District of Columbia,
willfully and maliciously wound or poison another
who shall, within one year thereafter, die of such
wounding or poisoning, at any place either in or out
of said District, he shall be deemed guilty of murder
of the fir^t or of the second degree, according as the
circumstances of the case shall fall within the pro-
visions of the third or fourth of the prcocdingacctions.
and of felony, and shall bo punished accordingly.
Sec. 5. Andbe it farther enacted, Thatthojury be-
fore whom any person indictcd for murder shall be
tried, shall, if they find such person guilty thereof,
ascertain in their verdict whether it be ot the first or
second degree; but if such person be convicted by con-
fession, the court shall proceed, by examination of
witnesses, to determine the degrco of the crime, and
give judgment accordingly.
The substitute was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DiycniGT JAIL.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, report-
{ ed the following resolution which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to transmit to this House a certified state-
ment of ail vouchers in the oiheeof the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury showing the specific applica-
tion of theseveial suins oj money v/h'ch came into
the hands of Samuel B. Kendig and Frederick \v.
Clemens, or cither of them, as disbursing agents/)!
the fund appropriated lor the erection ol anew .mil
lor tho District of Columbia,
Mr. COOK. We expected to take up the
bill for the construction of the jail, but some
of the information called for by the resolu-
tion just adopted ought first to be beibie the
House. I now yield to my colleague on tno
committee from Virginia.
INLAND INSTITUTE.*
Mr. MeKEXZIR.from the Committee fortiio
|i Distnct of Columbia, rnnorted baci: auvcr^ly
I1 a bill (II It. No. 2<W0) gtanting the u?e ft! a
