1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
called the Dutch standard in color. It removes
ambiguity.
Mr. CONKLING. For the purpose of en-
forcing the law, as I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill does not change
the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not yet ascertained whether there is objection
to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is none on my
part.
Mr. VICKERS. I received a letter from a
large sugar dealer in Baltimore this morning
containing objections to the passage of this bill.
I shall therefore make an objection to it until
I can examine the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will call it up to-mor-
row. It should pass this week in order to have
any effect.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
upon the Calendar.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Surgeon General, com-
municating a contract made with the Provi-
dence Hospital for the care of sixty transient
paupers, under act of July 15,1870 ; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition, signed by some one hundred
and fifty clerks in the Third Auditor's office
of the Treasury Department, in which they
remonstrate against a bill pending in the Sen-
ate, as they have been informed, by which an
assessment of one tenth of one per cent, is to
to be put; upon the clerks in the Departments
for benevolent purposes. They suggest that
they are the best judges of what kind of con-
tributions they ought to make to benevolent
puiposes, and they respectfully ask to be let
alone, so far as the making of assessments on
them is concerned. They have no life tenure
in the'r offices, and when they make contribu-
tions for benevolent purposes they want to
judge for themselves what kind of contribu-
tions to make. As the bill to which they refer
is before the Senate, I move that the petition
lie ou the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented addi-
tional papers in relation to the claim of Joseph
M. Buckland, praying for a pension ; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented apetition of citi-
zens of Sandusky, Ohio, praying the establish-
ment of a small range light on Cedar Point,
at the entrance of Sandusky bay; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Sarah
Evans, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
wa« reierred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present a petition
of Kellogg & Buckely, lithographers, "VVilliam
C. Hutcbiugs, printer, and other printers, citi-
zens of Connecticut, in which they repre-
sent that the Government, through the Post
Office Department, is selling and delivering in
New Yoik city envelopes at the cost or below
the cost to the Government; that it is deliver-
ing the same through the mails to all parts of
the country, free of charge, and they estimate
this to cost to the public not less than §134.000
per annum. They also state that so long as
the Government delivers envelopes through
the mails to all of its twenty-seven thousand
post offices, without chatge to the consumer,
overburdening the mails, adding to the free
matter many hundreds of tons annually, and
increasing the rates charged by transportation
companies for the mail service, the petitioners
are unable to compete with the Government in
this business, because the public pays part of
the expense. They ask, theiefore, for such
legislation as will relieve tiiein from this injuri-
ous comoi'titioi:. i move that tins petition be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of John R. W. Johnston, of Fulton county,
Georgia; of O.P. Shelton, of Milton county,
Georgia; of Thomas H. Jones, of Twiggs
county, Georgia; of John W. Renfroe, of
Washington county, Georgia; of Abraham P.
Clements, of Irwin county, Georgia ; of S. G.
Talley, of Troup county, Georgia; of Azariah
Enneiz, of Georgia; of Hardy M. Cbastain, of
Thomas county, Georgia; of Shadriek Wheeler,
of Johnson county, Georgia; ofS. M. Fortner,
of Johnson county, Georgia; of J. E. Tor-
rence, of Crawford county, Georgia; of Allen
H. Green, of Macon county, Georgia; of Alex -
ander McMillan, of Pierce county, Georgia ;
of John M. Green, of Macon county, Georgia;
of Folton K. Lewis, of Dooly county, Georgia ;
of B. F. Dowdy, of Tattnall county, Georgia;
of J. P. R. Sikes, of Tattnall county, Georgia ;
of Benjamin D. Brantly, of Pierce county,
Georgia; of L. A. II. Tipping, of Tattnall
county, Georgia; of Richard Wallace, of Clay-
ton county, Georgia; of Solomon S. Weitman,
of Effingham county, Georgia; of A. D. Eason,
of Tattnall county, Georgia; of David L.
Burke, of Stewart county, Georgia; of John
J. Bird, of Early county, Georgia; of Thomas
L. Williams, of Stewart county, Georgia; of
Ephraim H. Piatt, of Randolph county, Geor-
gia; of William J. Johnson, of Clay county,
Georgia; of William A. Graham, of Clay
county, Georgia; of John P. Beaty, of Web-
ster county, Georgia; of B. F. Thigpen, of
Fulton county, Georgia; of W. T. Loitin, of
Troup county, Georgia; of George J. Staple-
ton, of Webster county, Georgia; of James
G. Peel, of Webster county, Georgia; of Reu-
ben W. Clements, of Irwin county, Georgia;
of H. C. Sauuders, of Webster county, Geor-
gia; of White Land, of Worth county, Geor-
gia ; of David M. Ilogan, of Irwin county,
Georgia; of John J. Pickren, of Coffey county,
Georgia; of Albert B. Iioss, of Bibb county,
Georgia ; of William W. Mixon, of Johnson
county, Georgia ; of Lewis Solomon, of Twiggs
county, Georgia; of Madison H. Mason, of
Johnson county, Georgia; of A. J. Pool, of
Hall county, Georgia; of E. A. McWhorter,
of Camden county, Georgia ; of James A. Nis-
bet, of Dade county, Georgia; of A. J. Wert,
of Banks county, Georgia; of Benjamin Bryan,
of Hall county, Georgia; of .1. E. Redwine,
of Hall county, Georgia-; of John Hill, of
Gordon county, Georgia; of Jacob A. Fite, of
Gordon county, Georgia; of John W. Hard-
age, of Marion county, Georgia; of Eralbert
W. Miller, of Marion county, Georgia; of
John W. Hamilton, of Marion county, Geor-
gia; of William J. Born, of Gwinnett county,
Georgia; of Gainum T. Rakishaw, of Gwin-
nett county, Georgia ; of John Tucker, of Col-
quitt county, Georgia; and of Hiram IT. Dean,
of Gwinnett county, Georgia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Thomas
Y. Simons, of Charleston, South Carolina ; of
Charles I'. Townsend, of Bennettsville, South
Carolina; of Henry Buist, of Charleston, South
Carolina; of A. R. Aughty, of Newberry
county, South Carolina ; of William S. Brown,
of Anderson county, South Carolina; of Simon
P. Wingard, of Lexington county, South Car-
olina; of J. P. Reed, of Anderson county,
South Carolina; of A. J. Stringen, of Ander-
son county, South Carolina; of E. H. Lomas,
of Richland, South Carolina; of Jeremiah
Wise, of Lexington county. South Carolina ;
of Thomas Crymes, of Williamston, Anderson
county. South Carolina; of William Geiger,
sen., of Lexington county, South Carolina ; of
R. G. Fleming, of Richland county, South
Carolina, and ot John Wilson, M. D., ot Ander-
son county, South Carolina, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities; winch
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of A. M".
Franklin, of Barlow county, Georgia; of John
L. Morgan, of Clinch county, Georgia, and of
James S. Anderson, of Clay county, North Car-
lina, praying for the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities ; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. W1LLEY. I present the petition of resi-
dents of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, pur-
chasers of certain lots and buildings under the
Government sale of property recently made at
that place, asking an extension of time for
the payment of the purchase-money. They
base their application upon the calamities of
the recent terrible flood, which swept away a
good deal of the property purchased by them,
and they ask, also, whether they may not be
entitled to an abatement of the purchase- money
in certain cases. I believe the bill providing
for the sale of that property originally came
from the Committee on Military Affairs, and
I move that this petition go to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Phin-
eas Hudson, a citizen of San Francisco, pray-
ing compensation for services rendered and
expenses incurred in the investigation of the
conduct of William H. Gardner, commandant
of the Mare Island navy-yard in 1861; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. COLE. I also present the petition of
twenty-one officers and soldiers of the Califor-
nia and Nevada volunteers, who allege that
they were discharged at the end of the war at
places remote from their residence, and in-
curred large expenses in getting home. They
wish to be placed on an equal footing with cer-
tain other soldiers who were discharged and
who were residents of other States. As this
matter is before the Senate, and has been
brought to its attention in connection with a
bill on the Calendar which has once been
up, and is liable to be called up again at any
moment, I move that this petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
A. C. and Dorcas Modisett, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2295) to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to the Post Office Department;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
rAPISRS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Joseph
M. Buckland on the files of the Senate bo referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. II. No. 2295) to revise, consol-
idate, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.^No.
859) revising the laws relative to the mints,
assay offices, and coinage of the United States,
reported it with amendments.
JERSEY SHORE NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2431) to authorize the Jersey
Shore National Bank, Pennsylvania, to change
its location, to report it. favorably.
Mr. SCO IT. 1 nnk for the present cons-id-
