1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
081
The next amendment was in section two,
line nine, after the word "rights" to insert the
words '"if any," and in line ten, to strikeout
the word "granted" and insert the word
"guarantied;" so as to make the second sec-
tion read:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President
Is hereby further authorized, whenever in his judg-
ment such a measure shall be expedient, to declare
the suspension, in the same manner^ ana with the
like effect as prescribed in the preceding section, of
all laws whereby the vessels of the Dominion of
Canada, or of any other British possession or posses-
sions in North America, to be named in theprocla-
mation. are permitted to enter the waters of the
United States, saving, however, to such vessels such
rights, if anv, as may be guarantied by treaty
between the United States and Great Britain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know that I
shall be opposed to this bill on further exam-
ination. It is, however, a most important bill,
and certainly has escaped my notice up to this
moment. 1 would much prefer that the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce should
allow the bill to lie over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I will pro-
ceed to another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over informally.
Mr. CASSERLY. It touches the question
of our foreign relations very intimately.
SIIIP ROBERT L. LANE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the House
joint resolution No. 417.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
U. No. 417) authorizing an American register
to the British ship Robert L. Lane. It directs
the Secretary to issue an American register to
the British ship Robert L. Lane, owned by
William C. N. Swift, of New Bedford, Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. HAMLIN. What are the facts in that
case ?
Mr. NYE. I should like to know what they
are, also. There should be some very good
reason why those cowardly persons who sold
their ships during the war and now want to get
back again under the flag should be allowed
to do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury accompanying
the joint resolution, which will explain it.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state my recollec-
tion of this matter. There wasa large amount of
repairs put upon this ship, being about twenty-
nine thousand dollars in value, I think, at
the Sandwich Islands. A bond was taken upon
the vessel to secure the payment of that
amount, and on its arrival in Boston it was
sold for $20,000. As that is more than three
fourths of the original cost of the vessel, it
comes within the rule prescribed by the com-
mittee ; and therefore we recommend the pas-
sage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN, That does not meet the
case at all. I want to. hear the Secretary's
letter read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The letter will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department^
January -A, 1ST1.
Sir: My views have been asked in regard to
joint resolution of the Iiouse of Representatives
!No.417,authonzmsran American register to be issued
to the British ship Robert L. Lane, which, itisstated,
was built in New York in 1854, was owned, enrolled,
ami employed as an American vessel until lbw, when
bhe was sold and conveyed to Messrs. Cook &, Co..
ol Glasgow, Scotland. ,
Subsequently, namely, in April, ISoS, the vessel
was repaired at Honolulu,Sandwich Islands, ^.t a
cost of $29 300 78, coin, which repairs were put upon
her by i>. Foster & Co., ship-carpenters doing busi-
ness thereat, but citizens of the United States. JN>
secure the payment of this amount a bottomry bond
was taken mi the vessel eoveringthe sum. The ves-
sel arrived at New Bedford. Massachusetts, in May,
1m, and the bond not being paid was put in suit,
judgment obtained, and the vessel sold by order of
the court for $2d,0U0, currency, to William C. N.
Swift, who now petition* tor an American regibtei.
I reply that the Hubert L. Line, seems to come
within the precedent established by Congress at its
last session in the eases of the Live Oak and Agra,
(joint resolution No. 70, page 379,) and I see no rea-
son why she is not entitled to similar consideration.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. NathamF.Dixon, Chairman Committee of Com-
merce, House of JCeprescntatives.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
protection op aids to navigation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 1256.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1256)
for the preservation and protection of beacons,
beacon-piers, light house piers of protection,
buoys, stakes, dolphins, and their appur-
tenances, and other aids to navigation, placed
by or at the expense of the United States for
the security, direction, and guidance of vessels
in the navigable waters of the United States.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof:
That no vessel, scow, boat, raft, or other water
cratt or contrivance of any kind or description shall
be moored to or alongside of or in any manner made
fast to any beacon, beacon-pier, pier of protection,
buoy, stake, dolphin, guide, or other aid or aids to
navigation, or to any chains, anchors, fastenings,
or appurtenances thereof, belonging to or placed by
or under the direction or with the approval or con-
sent of the United States in the navigable waters
thereof, or in the navigable waters of any State, or
to any railing, monument, or flag-staff belonging to
the United States in or near any such navigable
waters, under a penalty of fifty dollars for each
offense, to be recovered against the owner, master,
or person having charge of such vessel, water cratt,
or contrivance.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all and
every person or persons who shall remove, destroy,
injure, weaken, or displace any such aid or aids
to navigation, or any chain, anchor, fastening, or
appurtenance, by means of which the same hs or are
placed, held, or retained in position, or who shall
obliterate, alter, or deface any distinguishing mark,
number, or color, whereby the usefulness or efficiency
of any such aid or aids to navigation may be lessened
or impaired, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be pun-
ished for each offense by fine not exceeding tsiO
nor less than fifty dollars, or by imprisonment not
exceeding six months nor less than thirty days, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, ihatif any ves-
sel scow, boat, ratt, or other water craft or contriv-
ance, whether propelled by wind, steam, or manual
power in whole or in part, shall, by collision or
contact, occurring through negligence, mismanage-
ment or other like cause, but without willtul intent,
or by using the same for warping purposes, remove,
destroy, injure, weaken, or displace any such aid or
aids to navigation, or any chains, anchors, iasten-
in « or appurtenances thereof, or obliterate, alter,
or"deface any distinguishing mark, number, or color
thereon such vessel or craft, aud thoowner. master,
or person having the charge or management toereot,
shall be jointly and severalty haoie tor any and
all injury and damage sustained as aforesaid, and
which may be recovered by suit and proceedings m
pereotutiH or in rem in any court of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction, together witht the^costs of suit.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of theXJnitedStates attorney, many district
where an offense may. be committed. or injury sus-
tained, under the provisions of this act, on being
notified thereof, to institute forthwith such suit or
saits and proceedings, civil and criminal, as may be
necessary to enforce and recover the penalties and
damasesincurred as aforesaid, and allmoneysrecov-
ered shall be applied, under the direction of the
proper offieer of the Light-House Board, to the
restoration or repair of the aid or aids to navigation
so as aforesaid removed, injured, or displaced.
Sfc 5 And be it jurther niarted. iliac this act shall
take effect on and after the 1st day ot July next.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed lor a
third reading, read the third time, and passed;
and its title was amended so as to_read: "A
bill for the preservation and protection ot bea-
cons, buoys, and other aids to navigation."
CLAIMS OF LOYAL STEAMBOAT OWNERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 292.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 292) to amend
a joint resolution relating to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States, ap-
proved December 23, 1869, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole, it proposes to
amend the joint resolution relating to steam-
boats and other vessels owned in the loyal
States, approved December 23, 1869, by add-
ing at the end thereof the words "or in con-
formity with the laws of the United States."
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PREVENTION OP SMUGGLING.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2287.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. fi. No. 2287)
to amend section twenty-two of an act entitled
"An act further to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes," approved July 18, I860. It
proposes to amend section twenty-two of an
act entitled "An act further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes," approved July
18, 1866, so that it shall read as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That if any ves-
sel enrolled or licensed to engage in the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States shall
touch at any port, or plaeo m the adjacent British
provinces, and the master or other person having
charge ot such vessel shall purchase any goods, wares,
or merchandise for the use of said vessel, said tiiM-
ter or other person having chargc of said vessel shall
report the same, with, cost and quantity thereoi. to
the collector or other officer ot tiie customs at the
first port of the United States at which he sta <1! next,
arrive, designating them sea stores; aud m the oath
to bo taken by the master or other person in chaise
of such vessel, on making said report, he shaH de-
clare that the articles so specified or designated sea
stores" are truly iutended for the use exclusively ot
said vessel, and are not intended lor sale, transfer,
or private use; and if, upon examination and in-
spection by the collector or other officer of the cus-
toms, such articles are not deemed excessive m
Quantity for the use of said vessel, until an Amer-
ican port may be reached by such vessel, where such,
sea stores can bo obtained, such articles shall be
declared free of duty. But if it shall be found that
the Quantity or quantities of Such articles, or any
part thereof so reported, are excessive, it shall be
lawful for the collector or other offieer ot the cus-
toms to estimate the amount of duty on such excess,
which shall be forthwith paid by said muster or
other person having charge ot said vessel, on pain ot
forfeiting a sum of not less than §100, uor more than
four times the valuo of such excels orsaid master <>r
other person having chargc ot suoh vessel shalli be
liable to imprisonment for a term ot not less than
three months nor more than two years, at the discre-
tion of the court. And if any other or greater quan-
tity of dutiable articles shall be found ou board such
vessel than are specified in such rcportor entry of said
articles, or any part thereof shall belauded without a
permit from a collector or other officer of the customs,
such articles, together with the vessel, her apparel,
tackle aud furniture, shall be seized and forfeited:
Provided ahmy% That articles purchased for theuso
of or for sale on board any steamboat, propeller, or
other vessel, as saloon stores or supplies, shall be
deemed good3, wares, and merchandise, and snail be
liable (when purchased at aforeign port) to entiy ana
the paymeufc of the duties found to be due thereon at
the first port of arrival of such vessel m the United
States: and for a failure on the part of the saloon-
keeper or person purchasing or owning such articles
to report, mafce entries, and pay dutiesa* lie rem be-
fore required, such articles, together with the fix-
tures and other goods, wares, or merchandise found
in such saloon or on or about such vessel belonging
to and owned by such saloon-keeper or other person
interested in such saloon, shall beseized and torteited;
and sueli saloon-keeper or otlier person purchasing
and owning as aforesaid shall forleifc ami pay the
sum of not less thanSlOO, nor more Hum SoOO, and in
addition thereto shall be imprisoned lor a term ot not
less than three months nor more than two years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE IS ST. JOHN'S BITER.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider Senate bill No. 968.
The Senate, as in Committee oi^the W hole,
proceeded to consider the bill (i>. _ No. 9u8)
making an appropriation to build a light-house
at Dame's Point, St John's river, Honda. It
appropriates $17,000 for the purpose named.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out the word
