158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
eration of the bill just reported by the chairfoaa
of the Committee on Finance.
By uhanimous consent, the bill Was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the Jersey,Shore National Bank,
now located in Jersey Shore, Lycoming county,
Pennsylvania, may change its location to the
cityofWilliamsport, inthesamecounty. When-
ever the stockholders representing three
fourths of the capital of the bank, at a meeting
called for that purpose, determine to make the
change, the president and cashier arc to exe-
cute a certificate, under thecorporate seal of the
bank, specifying such determination, and to
cause the same to be recorded in the office of
the Comptroller of the Currency, and thereupon
the change of location shall be effected, and
the operations of discount and deposit of the
bank'shall be carried on under the name of
the Williamsport National Bank, in the city
of Williamsport, Lycoming county, State of
Pennsylvania.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SPECIFICATIONS AND DRAWINGS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. ft. No. 188) providingforpublishingspeci-
ticauons and drawings of Patent Office, have
instructed me to report it back with amend-
ments, and I should like to have the joint res-
olution considered now. This resolution should
have been passed at, the last session. There is
no law for publishing the Patent Office reports,
or rather the old laiv has been suspended, in
consideration of the fact that this joint resolu-
tion has passed the House and has received the
approbation of the Committee on Printing of
the Senate.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution.
The tirst amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Printing was in line six, to strike out
the word " the " and to insert the ivords " that
portion of the and at the end of the line to
strike out the word "eight" and insert "nine, for
which tbe plates have already been prepared ;"
so that the clause will read :
That the publication of tbe abstracts of specifica-
tions and of the engravings heretofore accompanying
the annual report of the Commissioner of Patents bo
discontinued after the yublication of that portion of
the report of 1889 for which the plates liavo already
been prepared, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten, after
the word " patent," to insert the words " sub-
sequently issued;" so that the clause will read :
And that in lieu thereof the Commissioner be
authorized to have punted for gratuitous distribu-
tion not to exceed one hundred copies of the com-
plete specifications and drawings of each putentsub-
sequeiitly issued, together with suitablemdexes, Are.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move further to amend
the joint resolution by striking out in line forty-
live, and also in lino forty-eight, the words
"Superintendent of Public Printing" and
inserting the words " Congressional Printer."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. This joint resolution
makes an entire change in the mode of pub-
lishing the Patent Office reports, and although
I feel very decided in my opinion of the ad-
vantage of tho change, yet it is so great a
change that 1 think J ought to explain to the
Senate what it is. The growth of the Patent
Office has been marvelous. It is one of the
most wonderful growths of our civilization.
A lew years iigo we had five hundred patents:
now we have thirteen thousand. This year
there were nearly twenty thousand applica-
tions, and the issues, reissues, and designs
amounted to about two thirds of the whole
number. The Patent Office report used to
make a volume of u few hundred pages; now
you all know the size of the report. It makes
three bulky volumes, which are constantly in-
creasing, and it costs about two hundred and
thirty-five thousand dollars to print it; and at
the rate that the patents are increasing we can
calculate the time when it will cost half a mil-
lion or a million.
Mr. POHEROY. I presume the Senator
means to include the plates. He does not
intend to say that the printing alone costs that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, no ; the engraving is |
the great expense. Then these engravings are J
necessarily very imperfect. Of course they are i
small. Seven or eight are put 011 a page, and j
it is impracticable, on account of the bulk of!
the volume, to take more than oneview of any ;
machine, and it often requires several views of !
a machine to make it perfectly understood, j
Then the specifications are mere abstracts, j
very imperfect, and give—I will not say a faint:
idea, but certainly a very imperfect idea. |
Here is the last Patent Office report, [exhib- ;
iting to the Senate three volumes,] and next I
year it will be larger, and the year after a great j
deal larger. . I
Mr. POMEROY. That is the mechanical!
part ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes. The agricultural
part was separated from the Patent Office long
ago. It is now proposed, instead of publishing
these volumes for gratuitous distribution, to
have the drawings and specifications in this
form, [exhibiting engravings,] each week's j
work to be bound together in one volume, j
and to distribute one hundred of them in the j
capital of each State and in the clerk's office j
of each judicial district. j
Mr. RAMSEY. How will the charge of |
publishing those comparo with the cost of the !
present arrangement?
Mr. ANTHONY. It will be about a third.
This will reduce the price, we think, to sixty
or seventy thousand dollars. This plan also
allows any person to obtain the patents by pay-
ing the contract price for engraving them. So
if a man is interested in a particular branch
of industry, say in agricultural implements,
ho can send an order to the Patent Office to
transmit to liim all the patents upon that sub-
ject, and they will cost about five cents apiece.
It also provides that copies of these plates
shall be given gratuitously to any public library
that will pay for binding and transporting them.
That cost would be considerable, and would
be sufficient assurance that they would be use-
ful and would pay the Government the cost
of furnishing them,'which would be about two
hundred and forty dollars.
Now, I differ from the great patent lawyers
and the great patentees in one respect: I think
the distribution of the Patent Office report in
the way in which we have distributed it hereto-
fore has been of immense use in stimulating the
inventive genius of the country ; and I would not
favor this new plan on its own merits if it were
not for the enormous expense of printing the
report—an expense that will soon be more than
the whole expense of our public printing now,
if the inventions go on at the present rate. I
believe my colleague on the committee from
Louisiana [Mr. Harris] does not entirely
agi;ee with me, and I shall be very happy to
have him state his objections, or to answer
any questions any Senator may ask in regard
to it. I am perfectly satisfied that we shall be
driven to it as a matter of economy; and
although I would-rather have the present im-
perfect distribution by the ten thousand or fif-
teen thousand at the same cost, I am satisfied
that the change is a very advantageous one.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire of the Senator,
to whom these one hundred copies are to be
distributed; to what particular persons? How
is that to be determined?
Mr. ANTHONY. One to the capital of each
State, to the State authorities, the secretary of
State or the Governor; and one to the clerk's
office of each judicial district, where it is not
to be taken out. for any purpose whatever.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the Senator
to say there were to be one hundred copies sent
to the capital- of each State.
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; one hundred copies
in the whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not enough. There
are, perhaps, seventy judicial districts and
thirty-seven States.
Mr. ANTHONY. Many of the district courts
are held at the capitals of the States, and there
they will have but one. I think one hundred
will cover all, but it is very easy to increase
the number if it does not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would inquire of the
Senator how much the additional expense of
sending a copy of this document to each county
in a State would be ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Each copy costs about
two hundred and forty dollars now. Pretty
soon it will cost S500, and after awhile $1,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It seems to me that.if
this is worth publishing at all the document
ought to be made accessible in some way to the
people of the country ; and if one copy were
deposited in the clerk's office of every county,
it would then be where it could be seen by the
people.
Mr. ANTHONY. How many counties are
there in the country? Some States have a
hundred, perhaps.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think no State has a
hundred. Some have fifty counties.
Mr. ANTHONY. And some seventy-five.
I think the expense of that would be alto-
gether too great. Still, I have no estimate of
what it would cost. If that course be thought
advisable, it will be perfectly eusy to provide
for it by a new law. I think this experiment
is quite as large as we ought to try now.
Sir. NYE. I hope that if the present pub-
lication is to be discontinued to the extent that
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island
desires, it will bo stopped entirely. This bill
would give us in the State where I live one
volume, or perhaps two, both at the capital,
and they cannot be removed under any consid-
eration. Two volumes there under that restric-
tion would be entirely useless. The people
cannot go six or seven hundred miles to exam-
ine tlietn. 'There would only be a few in the
immediate vicinity of the capital of the State
who would receive any advantage from them.
If this is to be done, 1 prefer that the public-
ation shall be discontinued entirely.
Mr. ANTHONY. But any patentee or any
man by writing to the Patent Office aud inclos-
ing ten cents can get a copy of any single
patent.
Mr. NYE. Then I think it had better be
left in that way, and let us not donate ten cents
to each State. That is an expense I would not
put the Government to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the patents should
be accessible all together somewhere.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the Sen-
ator whether I was wrong in understanding him
to say that a provision is in the joint resolu-
tion enabling every library to possess itself of
these books simply on paying the cost of
binding?
Mr. ANTHONY. Binding and transporting.
Mr. CONKLING. That, I submit to the
honorable Senatorfrom Nevada, relieves some-
what his suggestion. Everybody can get them
who k anxious enough for them to pay the cost
of binding them and transporting them to his
home.
Mr. NYE. I have no special relief to ask
in the case: but it seems to me it is hardly
worth while to be giving ten cents right out to
each State. I desire to be liberal, but I think
that is rather an insult to the States. I would
rather prefer that the provision for furnishing
a copy to each State should be stricken out
entirely, leaving to each State the right to buy
the volumes and bind them if it pleases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Nevada is mistaken about the ten cents. That
does not bring the whole publication, but only
011c paper, one patent that is in tho book. It'
