1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
a man knows exactly what he v/ants he can
write and get it for ten cents; but lie cannot
get an examination of the book for that.
Mr. NYE. That is exactly what two thirds
of the world do not know—what they want.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very likely. I would
suggest to the Senator who reports this reso-
lution that if the distribution is to be made at
all, I think he had better increase the number
from one hundred to two hundred. There
are thirty-seven States, as we all know, and
there are now between fifty and sixty judicial
districts in the United States, and then there
is in every Territory a territorial organization,
and I presume the Senator would purpose to
send copies to the Territories.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Taking the Territories
and the judicial districts as they now exist and
the States, and they will require just about
one hundred copies, perhaps more, and that
would not leave a single other copy here or
anywhere else.
I would say further, while I am up, that the
disposition manifested at the last session of
Congress to multiply judicial districts was
such, dividing Wisconsin and Virginia andl do
not know how many more States, that I pre-
sume before Congress adjourns we shall have
ene hundred judicial districts if we go on at
the rate the Senate went during the last weeks
of its session last summer. I suppose it would
not make a great deal of difference in the cost
to have the number of copics two hundred
instead of one hundred.
Mr. ANTHONY. It will make a difference
of $25,000 now, and pretty soon of $50,000,
and after awhile of $100,000. Where the cap-
ital of a Stale and the office of the clerk of the
district court are in the same place, only one
copy is to be furnished ; only one is necessary
there; and I suppose every State has a clerk
of the United States district court at its capital.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Notiu Vermont.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Notiu Oregon either.
Air. CONKLING. Is there any State thai,
docs not have a clerk's office somewhere in the
State?
Mr, ANTHONY. No; butif the State cap-
ital is in one place and the district court clerk's
office at another the State has two copies.
But if Senators think there ought to be a larger
number they may put it at one hundred and
twenty. 1 do not like to make as many as two
hundred. The money is the only objection.
Mr. POMEROY. Say one hundred and fifty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Very well; I move to
amend by striking out "one hundred" and
inserting "one hundred and fifty."
Mr. ANTHONY. I will agree to that
amendment it' it is the wish of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I have not quite agreed with
the chairman of the com mittee upon this change.
The change will probably save some money to
the country; but the Patent Office report in
its present form is a very creditable work, and
goes into the hands of all the mechanics and
artisans of the land. The Patent Office is self-
sustaining; and while the expense of publish-
ing this leport is great, and will increase, it
must be borne in mind that the business of the
Patent Office will also increase. Consequently
the patentees pay for the publication of this
work; and it seems to me right and fair as a
matter of policy to continue the present mode
of publishing it. That is my opinion about
the matter. The country will not gain by the
change, and there will be but little money saved
to the Treasury by it.
Mr. HARLAN, Mr. President, I should
like to know what the opinion of the Commit-
tee on Patents is on this subject. Although
the printing of these volumes doubtless costs
a large sum of money, as large as that named
by the chairman of the C®mmit,teeon Printing,
still it is paid by tho inventors themselves.
The money, under existing laws, is covered into
the Treasury it is true, but I believe that the
total expenses of the Patent Office have from
year to year fallen within the amount of re-
ceipts from applicants for patents. I cannot
give the excess in exact figures, but I have no
doubt the chairman of the Committee on Pat-
ents can; and it is that information which I
should like to have before I vote on this sub-
ject. If the expenses are already within the
amount collected from inventors, and if the
publication in the old form is more desirable to
them than under this new proposition, 1 would
vote against the present proposition. As these
men pay for this work themselves, I think they
ought to have it in the most advantageous form
to theui. I see the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Patents in the Senate Chamber; and I
should bo glad to hear his views on the subject.
Mr. WILLlilY. Mr. President, this joint
resolution was not referred to the Committee
on Patents, nor has the attention of that com-
mittee been directed to it. I have been only
paying the casual attention of every other Sen-
ator to the progress of this matter.
The receipts of tho Patent, Office beyond the
expenses of it, I believe, last year amounted
to upward of $100,000, which, under the pres-
ent, law, is covered into the Treasury after satis-
fying the expenses of the office.
•  As to the propriety of the proposition con-
tained in the measure under consideration, I
think there is a great deal of force in the re-
marks of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Harris.] The Patent Office reports, as now
printed, are very much sought after by the peo-
ple at large and by inventors all over the coun-
try. Whether, alter all, they arc of veiy much
advantage to the interests of the country is a
matter of doubt to me. I myself am disposed
to favor the joint resolution under considera-
tion. Idoubtwhether the money paid into the
Treasury beyond the expenses of the Patent
Office will not be of more service to the coun-
try than any advantage that might be derived
from the extensive circulation of these ponder-
ous volumes among the people.
The great advantage, so far as it has been
observed by myself, of the extensive circula-
tion of these maps and engravings is their sug
gesuve character. They fall very extensively
nito the hands of the inventors of the country,
in examining what has been done many useful
inventions have been suggested to the minds
of the inventors of the country. But, as an
offset to that, I think the number of our inven-
tions is perhaps rather cumbersome, and upon
the whole of more detriment to tho country
than any advantage to be derived from the
extensive circulation of these volumes.
It is so easy and so cheap for any inventor
of the country to procure for himself a map of
any given invention that I doubt whether it
will not be to the advantage of tho country—
certainly it will be to the Treasury of the coun-
try—to pass the measure under consideration.
Foi ten cents, as 1 understand the joint reso-
lution, any inventor can get a photograph or
engraving of a patented article, with a copy of
the specifications, from the Patent Office; and
this expense will not be very burdensome to
any man who desires to avail himself of the
privilege. For myself, without having given
the matter much consideration, I feel disposed
to vote for the joint resolution.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from West Virginia, before he takes
his seat, whether the expenses of printing the
Patent Office report were taken out of the
S100.000 which he says came from the Patent
Office into the Treasury over the expenses of
the office?
Mr. ANTHONY'. That expense is not
charged to the account of the Patent Office. I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Patents to state that the excess of the Patent
Office receipts over the expenditures of the
office is about, one hundred thousand dollars.
It cost §2«S5,Q00 to print the last Patent Office
renort that has been printed,
Mr, SHERMAN. The $100,000 is not the
surplus of any one year. That is the amount
carried to the surplus fund under the law of last
session.
Mr. ANTHONY. The printing of the Patent
Office report of 1868, the last full year's that
we printed, cost $235,000. I suppose a fair
estimate of the cost for 1870, with the increase
that has been going on, would bring it up to
$275,000, perhaps more.
Perhaps I did not make myself understood
when Iexpressed myself as giving a preference
to this mode because it would be cheaper. The
patent lawyers and the inventors, so far as I
have been able to ascertain, prefer the new
mode. I have an idea that the old mode has
stimulated the inventive genius of the countiy
to a large degree ; but those who have studied
the subject much better than I have, and to
whose judgment I ought to defer, would prefer
this mode if it was equally expensive, aud the
difference in expense leaves no doubt in my
mind which we ought to take.
I have here a page of the last Patent Office
report with eight illustrations on it. An in-
ventor has in this book one eighth of that page.
In the proposed publication he will have two
such pages, or three, or as many as he chooses,
costing him ten cents apiece ; he will have dif-
ferent views of the machine, and then the
specifications in full. To any man who wants
to investigate the subject this is gold to lead
compared to the other in value. There is no
sort of comparison between the tivo.
Then, look at the distribution of the volume.
We distribute five or six thousand copies of
the Patent Office repoit now. What portion
of them goes into the hands of men who
really want them, to whom they aie leally
useful? These drawings will all go into the
hands of those who want them, because no
man will sendeventen cents for an illustration
unless he wants it; and the result will be that
inventors and mechanics who are interested in
particular branches of productive machinery
or inventions will leave a standing order at.
the Patent Office to send them all the inven-
tions relating to their immediate class of busi-
ness as long as the money lasts. The result
will be that there will be a large distribution,
and just the kind of distribution we want.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that this is agood
reform, not only on the ground of economy,
but on the ground of public benefit to the
inventors themselves, and the economy is much
greater even than is stated by the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island; because if the
cost of the book on our table is $235,000 a
year, it must be remembered that there is the
additional cost of carrying a large number of
copies through the mail and distributing them
over the country, and then there is the expense
of folding them, and there are many other
expenses incidental to the publication. The
patent fund for a number of years has only
been self-sustaining. It is true, as the Senator
from West Virginia has stated, that a pretty
large sum under the operation of the law of
last session was carried to the surplus fund ;
but that probably had been accumulating a
number of years, year after year, aud it is now
carried, under the operation of a law we have
passed, at the end of every year, to the surplus
fund.
I doubt very much whether, when you con-
sider all the expenses of the Government in
regard to patents, the Patent Office is even
self-sustaining, because out of the patent fund
there are many expenses that are not paid.
For instance, the postage of this great Depart-
ment of the Government is not counted as part
of its expenses, and it has the benefit of ftee
mails. There are many incidental expenses
of that kind which are not paid out of tin.-*
patent fund. Probably if they were all counted
up the Patent Office would not be. self-support-
ing, without regard to the expense of printing
the reports.
But there is another diffieauy. Ihis book
is utterly valueless except as a mere curiosity
