1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
I will state briefly the reason for this amend-
ment. If, according to this resolution, we shall
deposit only two or three copies of these speci-
fications in the different States, the mechanics
and inventors of the country will not bo able
tu have sufficient access to those copies to
learn all they are desirous of ascertaining.
There would more men press into the capital
of the State of Massachusetts than could pos-
sible find access to one copy. But if complete
sets of these specifications are provided for
each public library they will occupy different
centers, and the number of -copies will not be
too great. The statement of the Senator from
New Hampshire shows that the importance of
these publications to inventors is very great.
I hope the amendment will be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know why the
Senator should provide by his amendment that
these specifications and drawings shall be given
only to those libraries that have five thousand
volumes. There are in the country a great
many new libraries growing up, in which there
is a great public interest in the towns where
they are located, and yet they may not at this
moment have five thousand volumes. They
may have the means of paying for these speci-
fications, they may need them, and they may
be the very libraries that ought to have them.
I would not limit the resolution in that way to
libraries possessing five thousand volumes. I
would just bay, as the committee have said,
any public library that will pay for them.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if we are to give
them to all the libraries in the country we shall
make the new system cost more than the old
oue.
Mr. POMEROY. You say they shall pay
for them themselves ?
Mr.- ANTHONY. The Senator from Con-
necticut moves to strike out the clause requir-
ing them to pay the expense of binding, and pro-
poses to have copies furnished to every library
without the expense of binding, as I understand.
Now, I have no objection to having them fur-
nished to every public library unbound.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I want.
Mr. ANTHONY. Bat to bind them, and
then send them to every public library, would
make too heavy a drain on the Treasury, and
we should have the chairman of the Committee
on Finance down on us.
The Senator from New Hampshire referred
to the particular value of the present publica-
tion. inasmuch as it gives to inventors an oppor-
tunily to see whether their supposed invention
is a leal one or not. That is the very point
where this new plan will prove of the greatest
advantage. A man makes an invention, and he
comes and examines an engraving in the Patent
Office repoit that lakes one eighth of a page
and a specification that takes half a dozen lines,
and he thinks he has made an invention ; but if
he were to examine ihe complete engravings of
the machine, drawn from two or three points
of view, and read the complete specifications, (
he would find that he has made no invention
and be saved a great deal of trouble. It is not
supposed that men will goto the State libraries
and to the district clerks' offices for the exam-
ination of the specifications further than to see
what is there, and then send ten cents to the ;
Patent Office and get a copy. A man wants to !
have it at home. The object of having them
placed where they will be accessible to all is i
not for a close examination, but merely as an
index, merely to show what is there, whether j
a person wants it or not. 1 do not care bow
ma'iy libraries you send thera to, but I do not
think we ought to pay for the binding.
Mr. POMEROY. I think I am in favor of
what the Senator means, but let me ask him
what he will do when the editionis exhausted—■
whether we are going to keep up the process
and print them for all time to come?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. The photo-
graphic negatives are preserved.
Mr. POMEROY. So that you can always
order them ?
Mr. ANTHONY.
Mr. POMEROY.
Yes, sir.
I think that is the belter
way. ;
Mr. EDMUNDS. You keep the plates ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; that would be too
expensive ; but we keep the negatives of the
photographs, which will be cheaper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham.]
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. My object in naming
libraries containing five thousand volumes was
simply to limit the number. The objection to
furnishing all libraries with full copies is that
it will be too expensive, that too many will be
called for, and with the view of meeting that
objection I have inserted this limit in the amend-
ment.
Another reason for striking out that part of
the resolution which reauires the libraries to
pay for the binding is this : a great many pub-
lic libraries have no funds, and are not able, for
that reason, to pay even for the binding; and
yet it is for the interest of the public that they
should have all the information which they can
obtain from such a publication as this.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to know,
before I vote for this amendment, how many
public libraries there are of five thousand vol-
umes, and what is going to be the cost of the
work. That information, I suppose, is not
accessible at this moment, and I think the Sen-
ator from Connecticut would better accomplish
his object by a supplemental bill. If it does
not cost too much, I shall have no objection to
his proposition ; but I am afraid that furnish-
ing full sets to every library of five thousand
volumes will pile up an enormous cost. If the
Senator will insert, the word "unbound" I
shall not object. It is not necessary to bind
them; they can keep them on file.
Mr. CASSERLY. The general object of
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] is one that
commends itself to my judgment. Thechange
made by the proposed bill is so radical that,
perhaps, as the bill is of necessity an experi-
ment, the change especially in the distribution
of the report should not be more sweeping
than is absolutely demanded.
I recognize fully the force of the financial
argument which has been presented so well
by the chairman of the Printing Committee,
[Mr. Anthony.] I do not insist that the first
necessity of government is that it shall be
cheap, but that it shall be good. So far as is
consistent with good government,, I freely con-
cede that economy is the next consideration, i
It was with great reluctance that, as one
member of the Senate Printing Committee, I
agreed to give up the present mode of printing
the mechanical Patent Office report for the
sake of trying the new system proposed by the
bill reported by the chairman of the committee.
I have regarded the mechanical report, since I
first became acquainted with it, as a most in-
j teresting and, indeed, noble monument to the
I inventive and mechanical genius of the Ameri-
I can people ; but the cost of the public printing
| is every year growing so rapidly, and is there-
j fore so much an object of growing public
| uneasiness, that it seemed to us in the commit-
! tpe our duty, wherever we could, to meet the
j wishes of the people on the subject by making
! such reductions as it was possible to make.
I It has been suggested by Senators that the
1 receipts of the Patent Office over and^ above
all other expenses are sufficient to defray the
cost of printing the patent report. This can
hardly be correct. If I remember the report
of the Commissioner of Patents for the year
1868, which is the report soon to be issued, he
puts the net receipts of the Patent Office over
and above its expenses at $53,000, which is
much below the large sums mentioned by Sen-
ators who have engaged in this debate. He
suggests that for the year 1869 it may reach
$100,000. How the fact turned out I am un-
able to state; but for the year 1868, which is
the latest Patent Office report we have in print,
he speaks of the net earnings of the Patent
Office as not exceeding $53,000, which is not
one fourth of $235,000, the present expense
of publishing the mechanical report.
The new bill is but an experiment. If upon
trial the experiment shall be found, in the
judgment of those most interested, the mechan-
ics and inventors of the country, to be inferior
to the present system, it will be easy for us to
return to thatsystem with such modifications as
experience shall then have suggested.
But, besides the question of economy, there
are two features in the proposed new system
which give it a manifest superiority. One is
that the drawings under the new system are
very much superior in size and clearness to
those under the old. As was explained by the
chairman of the committee, the diagrams in
the books under the present system are neces-
sarily so limited in space and so crowded and
indistinct that they fail to give that full and
accurate idea of the machine or the invention
which alone can make such a book useful. It
needs but a comparison of the specimen draw-
ings, under the bill, on the desk of the chair-
man of the committee, with the drawings in
the volume of the report for 1868, to satisfy
every Senator of the very great excellence of
the new system over the old in the vital feature
of the drawings.
In the next place, you have another very
marked advantage under the bill reported from
the committee. Besides the better scale and
greater clearness of the drawings, you have
very much more promptness in the publication
of them. Prom the nature of the work as now
done, and without fault, so far as I have ever
been able to discover, oil the part of anybody
engaged on it, the Patent Office report is now
two years in arrears. I believe the report
for 1868 is but just received. At least the
first time I saw it was this morning, in the
hands of the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthony.] It is now almost the end of the
year 1870. Now, sir, that delay of two years
is a very serious evil. It is a cardinal objection
to the present mode of doing the work. Under
the bill, as reported from the committee, it
will be practicable to furnish the drawings of
all patented inventions within a very short
period, almost immediately after the issuance
of the patent. The chairman of the commit-
tee [Mr. Anthony] doubtless has spoken with
authority on that point,. The value of this
prompt publication can hardly be overrated in
the case of new inventions.
In view of all these considerations, it is well
worth while to make a trial of the new system.
I do not object particularly to the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buck-
ingham,] although I desire, if he will consent,
to include in it, as entitled to distribution of
the patent report, all mechanics' institutes
throughout the country. In nearly every con-
siderable place in a majority of the States, so
far as I am informed, there is a mechanics'
institute of some sort; an institute in which the
mechanics and inventors of the locality take
an interest, and which quite often has a collec-
tion of books or periodicals. Very few of those
institutions, I imagine, have libraries so large
as that mentioned in the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut, namely, five thou-
, sand volumes. Hence I suggest to him tain-
j sert in his amendment, just after the provision
] as to libraries of five thousand volumes, the
| words "and all mechanics' institutes." That,
i I think, would accomplish more thoroughly the
object he proposed by his amendment. It
: would have the direct effect of bringing the new
publications more immediately under the eyes
of the very class who are most interested, and
for whose especial benefit they are designed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) Does the Senator move an
amendment to the amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; so as to insert
after the words " libraries of five thousand vofc
