18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
from New York ; but I believe in a large num-
ber of cases, certainly in a considerable num-
ber of cases, the effect of his amendment would
be such as to withdraw from those institutions
any benefit under this bill.
Why, sir, if it turn out that this provision
is abused the correction is always within our
power and is always easy to make. Let us not
assume inadvance that rather than pay ten cents,
I repeat, for these drawings, the mechanics
anywhere will meet together in little bodies in
hole-and-corner places to get up mushroom
institutes in numbers of from half a dozen to
a dozen. I think there is really no sort of
danger of that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not want to detain
the Senate. I have made a rough estimate; I
may be entirely wrong; but I think this amend-
ment will make the whole cost $220,000—
about the same as it costs now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to protract
this discussion ; but I am opposed to any bill
that is indefinite as to the amount of money to
be expended or the number of copies to be
published. I think that Congress ought to
determine as to the number of the copies of
this report to be published, and then they will
know what theyare doing and the Department
will know what to do. But to provide that an
indefinite number of mechanics' institutes now
existing or hereafter to exist, and to provide
that an indefinite number of libraries shall have
a right to call for these reports, it seems to
me is putting the Department in an awkward
position.
I am opposed to this joint resolution alto-
gether. I believe that we ought to adhere to
the old system, notwithstanding that it maybe
somewhat expensive; and if this amendment
now proposed is adopted, then this system is to
equal in expense the other and be much less
advantageous to the people.
I do not, agree with what has been said as to
the real value of the present system of publish-
ing these reports. I think their real value con-
sists in the education of the people. They are
spread throughout the country, and they stim-
ulate the inventive genius of the American peo-
ple, and in that way they produce results that
are more valuable to the country than the
amount of money expended in their publica-
tion. When a man is inclined to invent any-
thing he resorts to these books, he reads them,
he studies them, and he learns from them.
Suggestions are made by these books to his
mind ; be sees that he can improve upon cer-
tain patents that have already been granted;
and in that way it seems to me that the mechan-
ical genius of the country is educated and stim-
ulated, and very valuable improvements are
made that would not be made if these books
were not published and circulated among the
people.
I, of course, am in favor of reform. It is
necessary for everybody to be in favor of reform
in these days ; but I am not one who believes
"that we lose any money by diffusing knowledge
among the people, and I think that if we would
retrench in some other direction, and expend
more money in circulating the reports of the
different departments, of the Agricultural De-
partment, of the Land Office, of the Patent
Office, we should do better than we are doing
by reducing the work of these departments and
the circulation of their reports among the peo-
ple. I am opposed to the bill, and particularly
in its present shape, when it appears from the
statement of the chairman that the expenses
are to be as great under this new arrangement
as they are under the old, and the people are
not to get the advantage of these books, but
the circulation of these drawings is to be con-
fined to a few institutes or a few libraries.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Buckixoham.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays upon that question ; and I should hue
the Senate to understand what it is they are
41ST Gong. 3D SESS.—NO. 11. ,
voting upon. The amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut, as it now stands, has three
features. The first is that this publication shall
be sent to all libraries having five thousand vol-
umes; second, that it shall be sent also to all
mechanics' institutes; and third, that not less
than five copies shall be supplied to any one
State, which I think was the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.] These
are the three features of the amendment. I
desire simply that before voting the Senate
shall understand precisely what it is they are
called upon to vote for, as I find there is quite
a lack of information about me as to the pre-
cise question now to be voted upon by the Sen-
ate. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand from the chair-
man of the committee who reported this joint
resolution that if the amendment now pending
shall prevail the expenses will be very nearly
as large as they are now under the existing
system. If that be true, I certainly am opposed
to this amendment, because the existing plan
of publishing and distributing these reports, it
seems to me, would be much more valuable and
efficient than the plan contemplated in the
amendment. Whether the chairman be right
in his estimate or not, one thing is very sure,
that the expense of the proposed plan is very
uncertain, and I do not think the Senate ought
to vote for a proposition of so uncertain a char-
acter. We ought to know something definite
as to what this plan of publication would cost.
And when itis intimated under this uncertainty
that the cost of the publication under this plan
would probably be as much as it is under the
plan now existing by law, I think the Senate
ought to hesitate before they adopt it. The
people understand the present arrangement;
these reports are now circulated very exten-
sively among the people ; and if we are to go
into anything like an extensive publication and
an extensive circulation of these reports, it
strikes me the plan we have now is better than
that which is proposed.
The main object which inclined my mind to
vote for the bill, as reported by the Committee
on Printing, was one of economy. It seems,
from the rough estimate of the chairman of
that committee, that that object will not be
subserved by the bill if the amendment pro-
posed prevails, and therefore 1 shall be con-
strained to vote against the amendment. I
think we ought not to involve ourselves in these
uncertainties. We ought to know something
definite as to what the proposition will cost
before we adopt it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I concur in
pretty much all that has been said by my friend
from WestVirginiain opposition to the amend-
ment. If it is not to result in economy, it
would seem to me that the law had better be
left as it is, because, as these reports are distrib-
uted at present, they go into the hands of those
who are anxious to receive them, and mem-
bers of Congress and Senators are in the habit
of supplying the libraries with this sort of
literature. I myself take particular pains to
,, send these reports to the mechanics'institutes—
11 to those particular organizations in my State
that will beinterested in documents of this sort.
If, however, this amendment should prevail,
the distribution of them would be rendered
arbitrary, and many persons and associations
that really are in need of this sort of informa-
tion would be deprived of it. If the number
, is limited absolutely, there will be no means
of supplying the requests that are made upon
us for these reports, and I repeat what I said
before, that if this isnota measure of ecortomy
I think it is not desirable.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to inquire
whether it is an unjust and improper provision
that every library having five thousand volumes
shall have a full set of these reports? If any
place has a library of five thousand volumes it
must be a place of some size or some import-
ance. and such a place must* have a consider-
able number of mechanics, and it seems to
me every such place and every such library
should have a full set of these reports. Then,
again, is it unjust or improper that every me-
chanics' institute should have a full set of these
reports? Perhaps there may be fifty such
institutes in the country. Then, again, is it
improper that every State should have at least
five full sets of these reports ? I do not con-
cur with the Senator from California [Mr. Cole]
that the former mode of distribution secured a
better distribution than the plan proposed. I
believe that this plan will place these reports in
the proper places, where they can be examined,
and they will be better distributed than they
have been heretofore. I know that in many
instances I have a surplus of these reports,
while many other Senators have not a sufficient
number, I have no doubt. Therefore, I believe
that this plan will secure a better distribution.
For that reason I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly. Corbett. Cragin, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnston, Osborn,
Patterson, ltioe, Ross, Scburz, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Williams, and
Windom—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cole, Conkling,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howard, Howell, McCreery, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Poraeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
and Willey—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler,
Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Sauls-
bury. Spencer, Thayer, Tliurman, Warner, Wilson,
and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If the following is
in order I should like to move it as an amend-
ment: after the word "which," in the twenty-
ninth line on the second page, strike out all to
the thirty-fourth lme, including the word "rea-
sonable," and insert "contains not less than
ten thousand volumes, and not less than five
copies to the largest libraries of such States
as do not contain ten thousand volumes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment now moved will be reported.
The Chief Ci.ebk. The proposed amend-
ment is on page 2, commencing with line twenty-
nine, to strike out the following words:
Will pay for binding the same into volumes to
correspond with those iu the Patent Office, and for
the transportation of the same, and which shall also
provide propercustodyfor the same with convenient
access for the public thereto, under such regulations
as the Commissioner shall deem reasonable.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Contains not less than ten thousand volumes, and
not less than five copies to the largest libraries of
such States as do not contain ten thousand volumes.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Connecticut what advantage there is in
sending five copies to any one institution;
whether one is not just as good as five for all
purposes of reference?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I suppose in some
of the western States where there are not many
libraries that have ten thousand volumes, if
there should be five copies they could be reached
easier and be more ready of access to those
wanting the information contained in them.
Mr. NYE. Do I understand that the amend-
ment of the Senator is that five copies shall be
given to a State?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Not less than that
number shall go to every State. That is the
substance. The copies are to be distributed as
proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony,] and, in addition to that, a
copy is to be sent to every public library which
has ten thousand volumes; and then^in addi-
tion to that, if there are any States which have
not five public libraries that contain five thou-
sand volumes each, there shall go not less than
five copies to the States. That is my amend-
ment. - , .
Mr. ANTHONY. Does not this amend-
