988
mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
across the territory of the United States of
America, and for other purposes.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and to insert the
following in lieu thereof:
That any goods, wares, and merchandise arriving
lty sea from foreign countries at a port of entry or
tUfi United States which, by the invoice, and bill of'
lading, and manifest of the importing vessel,appears
to be intended for transportation acrtfss the terri-
tory of the United States for the purpose of being
exported to places in Europe, Asia, Africa, or Aus-
tralia, may be immediately conveyed, without exam-
ination and appraisement, to the port of .export-
ation, in the manner prescribed by this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any railroad
or transportation company having a continuous or
connecting line of railroad across the territory of the
United States, and duly bonded in the manner now
prescribed by law for the transportation, of foreign
good3 in bond, be, and is hereby, authorized to re-
ceive from the collector at the port of first arrival,
and to convey in ears duly secured by locks and seals,
and deliver to the collector of customs at the,port of
exportation, any goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported in the manner described in the foregoing sec-
tion : Provided, That such railroad or transportation
company shall have previously presented to the col-
lector at the port where such goods, wares, and mer-
chandise were first landed in the United States an
invoice of the same, duly verified before a eonsul of
the United States, in the manner provided by the
act of March 3,1863. entitled "An act to prevent and
punish frauds on the revenue, and for other pur-
poses," and shall also have previously entered the
same for transportation in bond to the port of export-
ation on the (Quantities and values as mentioned in
the consular invoice thereof and bill of lading, and
executed a bond on sueh entry, with good and suffi-
cient sureties, in double the invoice value of the
merchandise, conditioned for the transportation of
the same to the port of exportation, unopened, un-
changed, and intact, and for its due delivery to the
collector of customs at said port within such time as
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, to be
thereupon entered for exportation in the manner
now provided by law, upon executing the usual bond
for production of evidence of landing of the mer-
chandise in a foreign country.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon the
receipt of the goods, wares, and merchandise by the
collector at the port of exportation, and on his
being satisfied that they have not been removed
from their original packages, or in any manner sub-
stituted or changed, be shall issue a certificate of
receipt for the same, upon production of which to
the collector at the port of original importation the
aforesaid bonds shall be canceled.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be. and is hereby, authorized
to make such rules and regulations as he may deem
necessary lor the propersecurity of the revenue, and
to give force and effect to the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a very important
bill, and listening to it it seemed to me to be
all right; but I should like to know whether it
has been considered at the Treasury Depart-
ment by those who are particularly familiar
with the operation of the custom-house.
Mr. COKBETT. This bill was prepared by
the Treasury Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed that it was.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended so as to read:
'•A bill to facilitate the transportation of
Asiatic, Australian, and European merchan-
dise across the territory of the United States
for exportation to foreign countries."
bill become a law.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the bill (S. No. 610) for the
relief of the Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of
Indians in the State of Wisconsin having been
presented to him on the 2oth of January last,
and not having been approved and signed by
him, nor returned to the Senate, in which it
originated, within ten days, as required by the
Constitution, had become a law under the pro-
visions of the Constitution.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 498) for the relief of John L.
Thomas, jr., and liilwin H. Webster, the pres-
ent and former collector of customs at Balti-
more, late United States'designated deposita-
ries.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The tiiessage also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1190) to create an additional
land district in the State of California; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 487) relative
td school lands in the State of Oregon.
CONSTRUCTION OF RAILROADS.
Mr. CHANDLER, I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 526, which, I believe has been read
before.
The motion was agreed to; and tie Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. .No. 526) to promote
commerce among the States, and to cheapen
the transportation of the mails and military
and naval stores.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Clerk will
read the bill in fall.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
but was interrupted by
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire if that bill has
not already been read?
Mr. CHANDLER. It has been read.
Mr. SUMNER. If it has-been read there
is no need to read it a second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT, the Secretary
states that it has been reported in full pre-
viously.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. This is a
very important bill, and will give rise to dis-
cussion, and I appeal to the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan not to press it now. My
colleague [Mr. Vickers] desires to address
the Senate in opposition to this bill, and he
was obliged to be absent to-day. He will be
here to-morrow morning or this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the bill?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is the
hill for an air-line railroad to New York. The
bill will certainly give rise to discussion. In
all probability the honorable Senator from
Michigan has other bills which he desires to
pass, and I therefore ask him to postpone this
bill for the present. My colleague wishes to
be heard upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will remind the hon-
orable Senator that his colleague did speak at
length on this bill when it was up before, and
has probably said all that he desires to say
upon it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. When he
left he expressed the desire if this bill came
up that I should notify the Senate of his wish
to speak upon it. He will be back to-morrow,
or probably this evening.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill has been for a
long time before the Senate, and I should like
very much to get a vote upon it. I do not
desire to discuss it myself. It has been very
fully discussed on both sides both for and
against, and my impression was that we might
take a vote upon it this afternoon without any
prolonged discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
to go on with his other bills and let this lie
over for a time.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to this matter
I have to say that a bill identical with this has
been discussed in the Senate for three or four
years; the same bill in the same words; and
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers]
spoke all of one day upon it. It is a question
which, it does seem to me, the Senate ought to
vote upon once. It is a bill npon which every
Senator has made up his mind, giving a cor-
porate franchise, I understand, to a company
to build a railroad from here to New York.
Mr. CHANDLER, Yes, sir, that is it; an
air-line.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every Senator has made
up his mind npon it. It has been a little remark-
able that during the four or five years this bill
has been before us we never could get a vote
upon it, because on the ground of courtesy, to
some one it was allowed to go over. I have
nothing to do with the management of the
bill, but I desire to have an opportunity of
voting once upon a bill authorizing the con-
struction of increased railroad facilities be-
tween the political capital of this country and
the commercial capital of the nation. At one
time I made a Ion® speech iu favor of it
myself, and I certainly shall not say a word on
the bill now. The colleague of my friend, the
Senator from Maryland, then replied to me,
and consumed one day.,
Mr. CHANDLER. At great length.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not disposed to take
any time on this bill. I should much prefer
votes to speeches. But I remember that a bill
similar to this was reported by a special com-
mittee, of which the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] was chairman.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will remind the Sen-
ator that this is that identical bill, word for
word.
Mr. SUMNER. I was not aware that it was
the same bill, word for word, but I was aware
that it was similar in character. This subject
has been under consideration in this Chamber
for at least eight years. I remember myself,
certainly as many as eight years ago, discussing
it somewhat at length. I doubt not every Sen-
ator has made up his mind upon it. I hope,
therefore, that we may vote. An air line road
between Washington and New York is some-
thing that ought to be accomplished. We ought
not to miss this opportunity.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will also state that the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers] was a
member of the select committee that consid-
ered this subject 
Mr. CHANDLER. And likewise a mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. And that nearly every
amendment to perfect; or restrict the bill pro-
posed by him—1 think every one—was adopted.
There is, therefore, no question of detail in
the bill involved. The bill is exceedingly re-
strictive, and I have some doubt whether it is
not too much so; but, in order to meet the
objections made by the Senator from Mary-
land and others who were opposed to the bill,
nearly every amendment proposed by them
was adopted. The simple question now is
whether Congress has authority to authorize
the construction of a railroad passing through
different States, under the power to regulate
commerce. That question has been discussed,
I think, by every Senator who takes an inter-
est in the subject, during the last three or four
years.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand the
Senator from Ohio, who proclaims that there
is no need for debate on this bill, to say that
this bill has ever been debated during this
Congress ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say this bill has been
debated. I do not know whether it was up at
the last session or not; but the subject has
been debated for four Congresses. This par-
ticular bill was reported three years ago by
a select committee organized for the purpose
of examining this particular subject. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers] was a
member of that committee, and this bill was
prepared with a great deal of care by a com-
mittee who devoted their time exclusively to
this one subject; so that there was nothing
left of the details of the hill of an objection-
able character to him.
Mr. CASSERLY. My question was asimple
one. The Senator knows whether he can give
a simple answer to it or not. I asked him
whether I understood him to say that this bill
had ever been discussed during the present
Congress, the Forty-First Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not., I think at the
last session it could not be reached. I think
it came up and was read at length, and then,
