1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
163
hopes that it would be defeated; but if we are
going to the expense of distributing all these
engravings to so many depositories, I suppose
they will not be of much value unless they are
bound.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
as amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question, as we had rather a slight
Senate on the other vote. I will not detain the
Senate by debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will only state very
briefly that the bill as it stands without this
amendment provides for placing a copy of these
engravings in every State capital and in every
district court clerk's office except when the dis-
trict court is held at the State capital. It pro-
vides for placing one copy in every library which
will pay for the cost of binding and transporta-
tion ; and I have no objection to putting in there
" any mechanics' institute," and 1 think that
would be a very proper amendment. Besides,
it gives to any person who chooses to pay the
bare cost of publication a copy. As amended
it gives not less than five copies to each State,
and tlie only objection I have to that is the
cost.
Mr. HOWELL. What is the cost compara-
tively ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It would bring it up to
about the cost of the present plan.
Mr. HARRIS. I ana anxious to have this
bill disposed of, and I move that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Louis-
iana, to postpone this joint resolution indefi-
nitely.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, as amended.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the chairman of the
committee again to state the effect of the amend-
ment. He was not heard on this side of the
Chamber.
Mr. ANTHONY. The effect of the amend-
ment is to increase the number of copies to be
distributed gratuitously. The number to be
distributed gratuitously, under the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives, was one
hundred, and the Senate have increased the
number to one hundred and fifty. The effect
of the amendment now pending is to give not
less than five additional copies to each State
and as many more as there are libraries of
ten thousand volumes. Of course it is impos-
sible to state how much this will increase the
expense unless we know how many libraries of
that kind there are. I am not iniormed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does that extend to pri-
vate libraries as well as public libraries?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, public libraries.
Mr. WARNER. How are these copies to be
distributed to the States ?
Mr. ANTHONY. By the Commissioner of
Patents.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as tollows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly, Corbett, Davis, Fowler, Harris,
Howe, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Eice, Koss, Schurz,
Stewart,Stockton, Sumner,Thurman, Viekers, War-
mer, and "Williams—23. ?
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler. Cole,
Conkling, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton ot
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howell. McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Kam-
sey, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Sprague.and \ViI-
Igy 24
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Cameron,
Cattell, Cragin, Fen ton, Ferry, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Osborn, llerels, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spen-
cer. Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Wilson, Windom,
and Yates—24.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
another excepted amendment, but as it was
involved in the one just voted upon it will
be considered as disagreed to, if there be no
objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. The other amendment, I
suppose, should fall with this one.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. The joint resolution was read the
third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Reports from
committees are still in order. The Senate is
still engaged in the transaction of morning busi-
ness. The bill just passed was considered by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2382) granting a pension to Sarah Gillett,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2317) grant-
ing a pension to Melisa Andrews, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. 11. No. 2300) grant-
ing a pension to Laura Baker, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed; and he moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 235) ceding to the State
of New York Oyster Island, in the harbor of
New York, reported it with an amendment.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities have
instructed me to report a bill (S. No. 1148) to
relieve certain persons therein named from
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes ;
and I ask for its immediate consideration.
The bill was read the first time by its title.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
South Carolina asks unanimous consent.for the
present consideration of the bill. It will be
read for information, after which the Chair
will ask for objections, if there be any.
The Secretary read the bill; which proposes
to relieve the following persons from all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States by reason of participation in
the late rebellion: J. S. G. Richardson, of
Sumter county, South Carolina ; W. T. Thorn,
of Spartanburg county, South Carolina; 0.
P. Hogue and Calvin Gillis, of Florida, and
Robert H. Tayler of Fannin county, Texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be considered as read
the second time, and is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I object unless some
explanation can be given.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I propose to give that
explanation in a few words. A11 these citizens
have been either appointed or elected to office,
and they are now waiting to qualify. Mr. Rich-
ardson, of South Carolina, has been appointed
State reporter. He has been acting m that
capacity for the last twenty years. He is an
invalid and well qualified to fill the office.
Mr. POMEROY. The faet that a man has
been elected to office does not make out a clear
case that he should be relieved from his dis-
abilities.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from South Carolina whether these
gentlemen have asked for this relief over their
own signatures?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Those from South
Carolina have.
Mr. MORTON. Have the others?
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator from Flor-
ida is responsible for those. He says they were
elected by the Republican party to fill offices
in that State.
Mr. CONKLING. Is this a House bill or a
Senate bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a Senate
bill. It is still open to objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I object. I desire to look
into the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed upon the Calendar.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HOWELL, it was
Ordered, That the window of Captain Edward
Johnson have leave to withdraw her petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1143) to incorporate a free university in the
District of Columbia ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1 144) for the relief of purchasers of lots, and
houses and lots sold by virtue of an act of
Congress entitled "An act providing for the
sale of the lands, tenements, and water privi-
leges belonging to the United States at and
near Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jeffer-
son, West Virginia," approved December 15,
1868; which was read twice by its title, re
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1145) to enable the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
road Company to mortgage its road, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by iis
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 11-10)
to enable the people of Colorado to forma con-
stitution and State government, and tor the
admission of said State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 267) in relation to freights
on the Pacific railroad ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 1147)
to incorporate the Red River Raft Company:
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RICE. I desire to make a remark in
regard to this bill. It is one that my colleague
has charge of, but in his absence I have intro-
duced it at his request. The object of the bill
I approve of. It is to remove the raft in Red
river by private enterpiise without asking any
aid from the Government. The company pro-
pose to seek their reimbursement through tolls,
which they ask be allowed them in the bill.
The importance of the bill is very great to the
upper portion, and, in fact, to all the portion!,
of the Red river country, including Louisiana,
Texas, aud Arkansas. There are some six hun-
dred miles of navigable water of the Red nver
above the raft, running through a well-settled
and very productive country, which now has
no outlet on account of this raft. The Sen-
ators from the adjoining States there win, 1
trust, cooperate in perfecting this bill, if it is
not satisfactory when it gets before the com-
