990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February G,
sidered, I shall be obliged to enter into a dis-
cussion upon it. I have had no opportunity
Ibr preparation upon the matter. 1 have not
entered upon its examination, even. I remem-
ber well when it was up during the last session,
some time in February last, 1 think; a remark
or two passed between the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] in
respect to the railroad that is now being con-
structed between this city and Baltimore. It
was then said that that railroad would be com-
pleted in a very short time;, probably by April,
May, or June next, and then by general eon-
sent this bill was postponed on that occasion.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will allow the Chair to state that the Senator
from California was correct in the statement
he made. When this bill was taken op in
February it was taken up'by a vote of the
Senate. The Senator from California rose in
his place and said, as the Globe shows, that
Mr. Vickers was absent, and therefore he
desired it to be postponed until the next day,
when it was superseded by other business.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. 1 know
that my colleague desires to address the Sen-
ate upon this subject. He is unavoidably
absent; and, as you well know, sir, he is but
seldom absent from this body, and it is rather
inopportune that the bill should be called up
on this occasion. I desire myself to submit a
remark or two upon this most important bill.
It is a measure, as is justly said by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, of the utmost con-
sequence to the people and to the country.
It is a bill containing some fourteen sections,
all of them important, not one of them that is
not of consequence to the country and to the
people, and especially to the people whom I
have the honor in part to represent.
This railroad is to pass through the States
of Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, and
New Jersey, to New York. My people are
interested in it. The sovereignty of Mary-
land is interested in this road, and the people
of Maryland expect their representatives to
do what they can to resist its becoming a law.
I shall say no more, but I make another appeal
to the honorable Senator from Michigan. It
is now late in the evening. I know he has
other business, in all probability unobjection-
able business, to present to the Senate, and I
suggest to him to pass over this bill as the
xniinished business until to-morrow or the day
after, so that gentlemen upon this floor may
have an opportunity of discussing properly
and thoroughly its provisions.
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a few minutes,
in order that I may secure the passage of a bill
which my friend from Michign i assured me
he would give me an opportunity to pass this
afternoon. I ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 1227, without
displacing the present order. We have agreed
upon the amendments to be offered.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; I think not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Nebraska will be taken up, subject to a
demand for the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I will yield if it will
lead to no debate.
Mr. THAYER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The railroad bill
being before the Senate, the Senator from
Nebraska asks unanimous consent to call up
House bill No. ]227.
KAIIJiOAD BRIDGE AT OMAXIA.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (II. R. No. 1227) to author-
ize the construction of a bridge across the
Missouri river, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Haiuax to the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The amendment of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads was to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill and in
lieu thereof to insert the following:
That for the more perfect connection of liny rail-
roads that are or shall beconstructed to the Missouri
river, at or near Council Bluffs, Iowa, and Omaha,
Nebraska, the Union Pacific Railroad Company be,
and it is hereby, authorised to issue such bonds, and
secure the same by mortgage, as it may deem need-
ful to construct and maintain their bridge over said
river, and the tracks and depots required to perfect
the same, as no\rauthorized by law ui Congress; and
for the use and protection of said bridge and prop-
erty of the Union Pacific Railroad Company shall
be empowered, governed, and limited by the pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act to authorize the
construction ofcertaia bridges, and to establish them
as post roads," approved July 25, 1866, so far as the
some is applicable thereto.
The amendment to the amendment was to
add thereto the following proviso:
Provided. That nothing in this aetshall be so con-
strued to change the eastern terminus of the so-
called Omaha branch of the Union Pacific railroad
from the western border of Iowa, where it is now
fixed under existing laws, nor to release said Union
Pacific Railroad Company, or its successors, from its
obligations as established by existing law.
Mr. THAYER. I propose two slight amend-
ments to the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, which do not change the meaning at all,
to strike out in the second line of the amend-
ment the words "of the so-called Omaha
branch," and also at the end of the same line
to strike out the words "from the western
border of Iowa." The amendment of the
Senator from Iowa will then read:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to change the eastern terminus of the
Union Pacific railroad where it is now fixed under
existing laws, norto release said Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, or its successors, from it3 obligations
as established by existing law.
There can be no objection to these modifi-
cations, as they do not change the meaning at
all, but merely leave out surplus language.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of my honorable
friend if the phraseology would not be a little
more perfect to say "from the place where
now fixed under existing laws.".
Mr. THAYER. Very well. It would read
better if the words were "from the place where
it is now fixed." I accept, that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment to the amendment
will be so modified.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish'to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill. My
desire is not to embarrass the passage of the
measure of the Senator from Nebraska, but
to retain at the sajne time in the hands of
Congress all necessary power over the subject.
My amendment is to add as an additional
proviso :
Provided also. That Congress shall at all times
have power to regulate said bridge and the use
thereof, and therates for the transportation of freight
and passengers over the same.
Mr. THAYER. I do not object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that the title
should be changed so as to read "A bill to
authorize a mortgage upon a bridge across
the Missouri river."
Mr. THAYER. Would it not read better
to say " A bill to authorize the Union Pacific
Railroad Company to issue its bonds to con-
struct a bridge across the Missouri river at
Omaha, Nebraska, and Council Bluffs, Iowa?"
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will be amended as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Nebraska.
CONSTRUCTION OF RAILROADS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
620) to promote commerce among the States
and to cheapen the transportation of the mails
and military and naval stores.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, at this hour
of the day, at this period of the session, with
so many important bills crowding for consid-
eration, I hope thip bill will not be pressed
upon us. It involves a great principle, one
that ought to be carefully considered by Con-
gress. Very important results hang upon (ho
decision. If we have the power to pass a bill
of this character, if it be constitutional law,
I trust the first thing we shall do will be to
appoint a committee of the ablest jurists we
have, or refer the subject to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and have a general railroad bill pre-
pared under which roads may be built and
companies organized and governed by general
laws. I do not want to see the time when there
shall throng about Congress a class of men
looking to Congress for the organization of
railroads. We have had enough of that con-
cerning the land-grant and Pacific railroads.
It is a fact well known and understood by
the country, it is a subject of general anxiety
and some alarm, that many of our State Legis-
latures are influenced, if not directed and con-
trolled, by great railway corporations. This
evil reaches almost every section of the coun-
try. The people everywhere want railroads,
and the people will have railroads. To build
railroads there must be large aggregations of
capital, and it is a fact, and a lamentable lact,
that many of the men who manage these rail-
roads and control this vast amount of capital
and wield this great power are unscrupulous.
To carry their points they have in portions of
the country resorted to corrupt practices to
control legislative bodies.
Sir, I believe if we are to enter upon a
general system by spe.cial legislation, of incor-
porating railways we shall have in the imme-
diate future this class of men who hang
around the Legislatures of nearly all the States
thronging this capital. Whether Senators and
Representatives be honest men or not. Con-
gress will have the reputation before the coun-
try of being directed, controlled, and bought
up by these railway managers.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me, I wish to suggest to him on that
poiut that whether in that case Congress would
have the reputation of being managed by the
railroad interests would depend entirely upon
the course Congress pursued. If Congress,
by its legislation, should show a determination
to protect the people the people would not
think we were run entirely by railroad com-
panies.
Mr. WILSON. I am inclined to the opinion
that Congress has the power to govern these
railroads, because these railroads have become
essential to the commerce of the country —and
Congress can do it by geneial legislation.
I would not do it by special legislation. I
would dD it by placing upon the statute book
a carefully devised general law that shall pro-
tect the people and hold and curb these rail-
way managers. I do not know that we have
that authority, but I am inclined to the opinion
that we have. If it is settled that we have that
power, I want to see it exercised ; for I desire
to put the power of this Government upon the
giant corporations and the men who are wield-
ing hundreds of millions of dollars, (many of
whom have shown themselves to be utterly
unscrupulous,) and protect the people of the
country against their actions. If we have the
power we should Mop the system of watering
railway slocks and charging the people heavy
fares in order to pay dividends upon capital
that was never invested. That practice by
which speculators rob the people has been car-
ried to a fearful and shameful extent, and is
oppressive to the people.
Sir, the question that is before us to-day is
