1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16T
all a conjecture, a mere matter of speculation
whether the attack would have been renewed
or not. But in anticipation that it would be
renewed, just as in the fall of 1861, in antici-
pation that the fort might be attacked, it was
thought it would be necessary to have certain
houses out of the range of the guns, by way
of precaution the officer in command ordered
this house to be destroyed.
Sir, if this case does not fall under the con-
stitutional provision it is difficult to understand
what comes under it. The last clause of the
fifth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution provides:
"Nor shall private property betaken for public
use without just compensation."
There is no limitation as to the time during
which this provision shall operate ; there is no
limitation as to the conditionsof thecountry in
which it shall operate, whether in war or in
peace ; but it is a general provision, for all time
and for all conditions of the country, that pri-
vate property shall not be taken for public use
without just compensation. There is authority
enough in this provision of the Constitution to
justify me in voting in favor of this bill to com-
pensate Dr. Best.
Why, sir, the case is just as strong as if upon
the exigencies of that occasion the military
authorities bad seized upon the powder of Dr.
Best, if he had any powder stored away, for
the purpose of preventing the fort from being
taken ; and we know that the ammunition had
run very low the night before ; would there be
any doubt whatever if Dr. Best's kegs of pow-
der had been seized by way of prevention, for
the purpose of meeting theenemy if the attack
was renewed, that the Government ought to
pay for the powder ?
Again, suppose that Dr. Best had owned
forty or fifty bales of cotton, and Geueral Hicks,
in command, should have seized upon that
cotton for the purpose of strengthening his for-
tifications, as was done by General Burnside
at Knoxvilie, and suppose that this cotton, thus
being impressed into the service of the Gov-
ernment was destroyed, can there be any doubt
about the liability of the Government? Or
suppose that the garrison were in a state of
starvation, and it was necessary to fill their
stomachs for the purpose of strengthening them
for the next day's work, is there any doubt if
Dr. Best's flour or meal or meat had been taken
that the Government would be liable under
this clause of the Constitution to pay him ?
Now, I suppose the fair rendering of this
word "taken" would be "seized:" "nor
shall private property be seized for public use
without just compensation." "To seize" is
one of the definitions of the verb " to take."
The case, then, thus rendering the Constitution,
is strictly within its language: "nor shall
private property be seized for public use with-
out just compensation."
1 have said already that this bill compensates
Dr. Best not only for the house, but for the
contents of the house. None of the Senators
in this discussion have alluded to that fact. I
do notknowthat the report ascertains, in point
of I'act, what the value of the building was as
distinguished from the building and its contents.
Can there be any pretext in the world for deny-
ing to Dr. Best compensation for his furniture,
for his carpets, for his paintings, for his statu-
ary, or whatever else was in that house? It
does not seem that the military authorities took
any pains whatever to remove this personal
properly; all was consigned to the flames.
And yet Senators say that Dr. Best shall not
be compensated, either for the house or for its
contents.
But, sir, if it be said that this provision of
the Constitution was not designed for times of
war, then we must refer to what publicists say
upon this subject. In this connection I desire
to refer to that passage in Vattel which was
read the other day by my friend from West
Virginia, [Mr. Willet.] That provision is
so explicit in its terms and meets this case so
completely that I do not see how the Senate can
escape its binding force if Vattel be regarded
in this body as an authority upon the law of
war. This is what Vattel says on that ques-
tion:
"Is the State bound to indemnify individuals for
the damages they have sustained in war?"
There is the proposition he is about discuss-
ing, the very proposition that this Senate is to
decide now:
"We may learn from Grotius that authors are
divided on this question. The damages under con-
sideration are to be distinguished into two kinds—
those dono by the State itself or the sovereign, and
those done by the enemy."
There are the two classes. Now let us see
whether this case ranges under the first class:
"Of the first kind some are done deliberately and
by way of precaution, as, when a field, a house, or a
garden belonging to a private person is taken for the
purpose of erecting on the spot a town rampart, or
any other piece of fortification."
If the Government had seized upon this spot
instead of the spot where the fort was erected,
one hundred and fifty yards distant, then no
Senator would question the duty of the Gov-
ernment to compensate Dr. Best for his prop-
erty which had thus been seized and appropri-
ated to the public use. But 1 follow what this
writer says:
" Or when his standing corn or his store-houses
are destroyed to prevent their being of use to the
enemy."
Or when the claimant's store-houses are de-
stroyed to prevent their being of use to the
enemy. Now, sir, why is not this ease pre-
cisely parallel to t lie case cited by Vattel? The
only difference is that it is a residence that is
seized instead of a store house—a residence
that is seized to prevent it falling into the
hands of the enemy and being used by them
as a shelter to sharp shooters. It is impossi-
ble to distinguish the case put by Vattel from
the case that the Senate is now considering, in
principle. To be sure this is not a store-house,
but it is a residence, but the purpose for which
it was seized is the same purpose announced
by Vattel, to prevent its falling into the hands
of the enemy.
I did not rise, Mr. President, for the pm-pose
of discussing at length the merits of this ques-
tion on a motion to postpone, but much is due
to the considerations which have been advanced
by the chairman of this committee. We have
discussed this off and 011 for two or three days,
and probably the Senate will never be in abet-
ter position for expressing its opinion on the
merits of this case than it is at this present
time. We have got to dispose of this bill upon
our Calendar at some time, and why not do it
now?
I am very much in the habit, Mr. President,
when I come to vote upon a proposition, of
voting according as my judgment and con-
science dictate, without reference to the fact
whether it is to be used hereafter as a prece-
dent or not. If the facts as reported by this
committee are true and satisfy my mind that
this is a case where the loss ought to be shared
by all the people of the country, rather than
to fall upon the head of one individual, then I
am prepared to compensate him, whatever may
be the effect of this vote in the future as a pre-
cedent. I am prepared to vote for the claim-
ant in all just such cases as that of Dr. Best,
and I do not inflict the least wound on my con-
science in doing so.
But, sir, it seems to me that the Govern-
ment has come to a bad pass if it cannot afford
to levy from its forty millions of people the
necessary taxes to compensate claimants situ-
ated like the one now before us. Why, sir, it is
simply monstrous, the idea that we should turn
this man off without any compensation, whose
everything wa3 destroyed ; because the report
tells us that the destruction of this property
and its contents reduced Dr. Best to beggary.
I think it is monstrous that a great country like
this, with its boundless resources, should turn
off a single sufferer from the war, living in a
loyal State, himself loyal, without compensa-
tion, when his own Government seized upon
and destroyed his property. For one, sir, I
can never cast my vote against this class of
cases.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before this de-
bate progresses further, the Chair desires to
remind the Senate that when this bill was under
consideration previously, and the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] was in the chair,
after enforcing the five- minute rule several ti mes
and the Senate had unanimously extended the
time of various Senators, he asked if it was the
pleasure of the Senate that this bill be open to
unlimited debate until some Senator objected
to it and required a strict enforcement of the
rule. That was agreed to. This debate, there-
fore, is withoutany five-minute limit until some
Senator demands that the rule shall be enforced.
The Senator from Michigan is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I have a right to
ask that the debate be confined to the motion
to postpone within such reasonable limit as that
involves.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That involves the merits
of the bill.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate on mo-
tions to refer and to postpone has been decided
in this body to include debate on the merits of
the proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there will be no
disposition of it this week.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not intend to speak
to the merits of the bill, but rather to the ques-
tion of the propriety of postponing its consid-
eration for the present. Still, as another course
of conduct has been pursued by gentlemen 011
the other side of the Chamber, I shall ask for
a moment the indulgence of the Senate while
I speak to the merits of the question itself, so
far as 1 am able, and as briefly as practicable,
because I know the worth of the time of the
Senate.
Now, sir, before we approach the main ques-
tion in debate let us know authentically and
clearly the facts of the case, and then we shall
be able to discuss the question of the applica-
tion of the law to the facts. The facta of this
case are stated very clearly and plainly in the
report of the committee and in a single para-
graph of the report; and I wish again to call
the attention of the Senate to this report and
to the simple facts about which we are now
talking. The report says :
" Oil the 25tli of March General N. B. Forrest
attacked the city 111 torcc. Colonel Hicks, with a
command <>f about seven hundred men. withdrew
into Fort Anderson. The sharp-sbooteic of tho enemy
soon took possession of claim ant's house and grounds
in large numbers, about onehundred and fifty yards
from the foit; and in that position did great execu-
tion in picking off tlio men at the guns within the
defenses. They were driven from the housebyshells
from the fort and gun-boats ; and the enemy's whole
force retired from the assault at eleven o'clock that
night without success. They appeared again next
morning with reenloreemcntn"—
That is, they appeared upon the field of battle
again the next morning with reetiforcemenls—
"and Colonel Hicks, regarding his command in great
peril, having exhausted, or nearly exhausted, his
0mmunition the preceding night, gave orders for the
destruction of alt houses within musket-range of the
fort. The order was executed at once, and claimant's
house was burned, with its contents. The enemy
then withdrew.''
There, sir. you have all the facts which the
committee bitve seen fit to lay before us, and
I presume that they have told all the facts
which are necessary to a fair and full under-
standing of this petitioner's case. Itisentirely
plain that this house was destroyed in the
course of an actual battle. • The house was
occupied by the enemy's sharp-shooters on the
afternoon and night of the 25th of March, 1861,
and the sharp-shooters held possession of it
until eleven o'clock that night, doing sad execu-
tion upon the men at our guns. Here was a battle
actually raging until eleven o'clock at night,
and during that whole time this house, not ijj
