1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
separate codes for the regulation of the rela-
tions between the citizen and the Government,
as I understand.
Mr. HOWE. I am very much obliged to
my friend for giving me the number of codes.
Now, will he give me the distinction or the dif-
ferent regulations made by each of the different
codes as to those relations?
Mr. HOWARD. I should have to seek some
private occasion out of the Senate in which
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin would
have perfect leisure as well as myself. He will
therefore pardon me for declining to enter
into that broad and tangled field to which he
invites me. I do not think it would be very
edifying to the Senate or the country for me
to attempt to enter upon such a field of dis-
cussion.
But again, sir, upon the general question of
the duty of protection due from a Government
to its subjects, to its citizens, I wish to read a
few passages from Chancellor Kent. History
teaches us that many years ago the State of
New York made a claim to what is now known
as the State of Vermont. The State of New
Y ork claimed to be the lord or lady paramount
of the Green mountains and of the Green
mountain boys. She was in the habit of issu-
ing patents for lands lying between the eleva-
tions of the Green mountains, in the-valleys
and along the streams of that patriotic and
excellent State of which I have the honor to
be a native. The people of Vermont were not
entirely satisfied with this regime, and they
claimed that the State of New York was not
the lord paramount, but that the colony of
New Hampshire was the real owner of what
•s now the State of Vermont, under regular
patents from the English king. This finally
resulted in a quasi war between the State of
New York and the people of Vermont, and,
at a later period, in the independence of that
glorious old State, Vermont. Many of the
patentees who were in possession of lands
under New York patents were ultimately turned
out of their possessions by the Vermont courts,
and those patentees made a claim for indemnity
upon the State of New York. They sent their
counsel before the legislative body and were
there heard. The question was argued at great
length and with great learning by both parties,
whether or not it was the duty of the State of
New York to indemnify those patentees who
had been turned out of possession under the
laws of Vermont, after the declaration of inde-
pendence by Vermont, and the establishment
of herself as one of the States of the Union.
Chancellor Kent says:
"And when New York found itself under the
necessity of acknowledging the independence of
Vermont, a question arose before the Legislature,
whether they were bound in duty to make compen-
sation to individual citizens whose property would
be sacrificed by the event, becauso their titles to
land lying within the jurisdiction of Vermont, and ;
derived from New York, would be disregarded by
the Government of that Slate. Tho claimants were
heard at the bar of the house of assembly by counsel
in 1787, and it was contended on their^ behalf that
the State was bound, upon the principles of the ,
social compact"—
And that is the ground upon which this pres- |
ent bill rests, that the whole people of the '
United States are bound to indemnify Dr. Best
for the loss of his property in actual battle—
"to protcct and defend the rights and property of
all its members, and that whenever it became neces-
sary, upon grounds of public expediency and policy,
to withdra>v the protection of Government from the
property of any of its citizens,_ without actually
making the utmost efforts to reclaim the jurisdiction
of tile country, tho State was bound to make com-
pensation for the loss. In answer to this argument,
it was stated that the independence of Vermont was
ail act of force beyond tho power ot this State to con-
trol, and equivalent to u. conquest of that territory,
and the State had not the competent ability to
recover, by forcc of arms, their sovereignty over it,
and it would have been folly and ruin _to have
attempted it. All pacific means had been tried with-
out success; and as the State was compelled to yield
to a ease of necessity, it had discharged its duty; and
it was not required, upon anj of the doctrines ot
public law, 01- principles of poiiticnl or moral obliga-
tion, to indemnify the sufferers. The cases m winch
compensation had been made ior losses consequent
upon revolutions in Government, were peculiar and
gratuitous, and rested entirely on benevolence, and
were given from motives of policy, or as a reward
for extraordinary acts of loyalty and exertion. No
Government can besupposed to be able, consistently
with the welfare of the whole community, and it is,
therefore, not required, to assume the burden of
losses produced by conquest or the violent dismem-
berment of the State. It would bo incompatible with
the fundamental principles of the social compact."
That was the language of the Legislature of
the State of New York in reply to the appeal.
" This was the doctrine which prevailed; and when
the act of July 14, 1789, was passed, authorizing
commissioners to declare the consent of the State to
the independence of Vermont, it was expressly de-
clared that the act was not to be construed to give
any person claiming lands in Vermont, under title
from this State, any right to any compensation what-
soever from New York.''—Kent's Commentaries, vol.
1. pp. 178, 179.
No, sir, where a Government has done its
duty, where it has organized the machinery of
civil government, and established courts of
justice, and keeps them in operation, without
any fault on its own part, it has, so to speak,
discharged its duty of protection to the citizen ;
but in case of a war, where the necessity is
imminent and irresistible, in case of an actual
conflict of arms, where two parties are arrayed
upon the field of battle seeking each other's
destruction by all the means known to the laws
of war, and the property of a citizen of one of
the parties happens to be destroyed in that
shock of arms, in that crash of battle, his Gov-
ernment is under no obligation—no legal obli-
gation, I mean—to indemnify him any more
than it would be to indemnity him against the
effects of a thunder-clap, an earthquake, or a
tornado.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator give
way a moment? I want to call up a resolution
that has come over from the House of Repre-
sentatives in respect to the market-house here,
so that it can be read the first and second time.
I do not ask aGtion on it to-day.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
centre market-house.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 428) relative
to the Centre Market in Washington was read
twice by its title.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask that it lie on the
table.
Mr. POMEROY. Why not refer it?
Mr. PATTERSON. I should be very glad
to have it acted upon, but the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] said he would object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not refer it?
Mr. PATTERSON. Because I want it acted
on. It ought to be acted upon immediately in
order to furnish a temporary market for three
or four months.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on
the table.
message mom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 191) granting an American register i
to the British-built bark Busy. ■
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (IT. R. No. 2012) to define the crimes
of murder and manslaughter within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to provide for the pun-
ishment thereof;
A bill (II. R. No. 2580) making^ a special
appropriation for the Indian service in Arizona
and New Mexico; and
A bill (IT. R. No. 2581) to amend the act
relating to homesteads for soldiers.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below;
The bill (H. R. No. 2012) to define the crimes
of murder and manslaughter within the District
of Columbia, and to provide for the punish-
mentthereof—to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The bill (IT. R. No. 2580) making a special
appropriation for the Indian service in Arizona
and New Mexico—to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The bill (H. R. No. 2581) to amend the act
relating to homesteads for soldiers—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
executive session.
Mr. HARLAN rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa rise to speak on the bill for the
relief of Dr. J. Milton Best?
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
from Iowa to let me get the floor, and I wiil
then move that we go into executive session.
Mr. TIARLAN. I have no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Having the floor on the bill
before the Senate, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after twelve
minutes devoted to the consideration of execu-
tive business the doors were reopened, and
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 10, 1870.
The House metat twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bcjtler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
mount desert naval station.
Mr. HALE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 421) directing an examination at
Mount Desert, in the State of Maine, with a
view to establishing a naval station at that
place; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
william boynton.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill (H. 11.
No. 2544) granting a pension to William Boyn-
ton, a soldier of the war of 1812 ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
contestants in bl/ection cases.
Mr. WILLAED introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2545) regulating the compensation in contested -
election cases; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Elections, and ordered to bo printed.
otter creek, vermont.
Mr. WILLARD also introduced a joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 422) providing for the exam-
ination and survey of the navigable portion of
Otter creek, in Vermont; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
southern express company.
Mr. TWICHELL introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2546) to incorporate the Southern Express
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
testimony in united states courts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (II. R. No. 2547) regulating testimony
in United States courts, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
