1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Strader, Svvarin,
Sweeney, Van Trump, Voorhees, "VVells, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—58.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong,
Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Bennett, Boles,
Boyd, Benjamin P. Butler, Sidney Clarke, Corker,
Dawes, Diekey, Duke, Ferry, Fox, Gilfillan. Gris-
wold, Ilambleton, Hamilton, Harris, Hill, Knott,
Lafiin, Logan, Manning, McCarthy, McGrew, Jesse
H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen,
Myers. Sanford. Schumaker, Shanks, Porter Shel-
don, Shober, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith. Stiles, Sypher, Taylor, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, Wallace, Wheeler, John T. >Vilson,
and Witcher—52.
So the bill was ordered to be read a second
time.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
change my vote from "no" to "ay," for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry. Is this bill
debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Nothing is in
order but the introduction and reference of
bills. The Chair is not even allowed to ask
unanimous consent during the morning hour
of Monday. The gentleman, however, has
the right to move a reconsideration.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I eater that
motion.
The SPEAKER. It is a motion which must
be determined eo instante.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be read a second time.
Mr. COX. And on that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 5-3, nays 143, not voting
41: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Beck, Biggs,
Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleve-
land, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Duke,
Eldridge, Getz, Gibson, Haigbt, Haldeman, Ilamill,
Holman, Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, Kerr. Lewis,
Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McNeely, Morgan,
Niblack, Potter, Price, Randall, Reeves. Rice,
Rogers, Schumaker. Sherrod, Shober, Slocum,
Stone, Strader, Swann, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson. Winchester,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—55.
iSTAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Barry, Bea-
man, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bethune,
Bingham, Blair, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley. Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Arnasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Co-
burn, Conger, Conlt.Cowles, Cullom, Darrall, Dawes,
Wegener, JosephDixon, Nathan F.Dixon, Dockery,
Donley. DuVal, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher. Fitch, Hawkins. Haw-
ley, Hays, Ilcfiin, Hoar, Iloge, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Ivelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Lash, Lawrence, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy, MeCormick. McCrary, McGrew,
McKee. McKenzie, Mercur, Eliakiin H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morey, M6rphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Bam not P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, New-sham,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer," Halbert E. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
fleld, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
 ohn A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stougbton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Twichell, xyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn. Welker. Whit-
more. Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, JoknT. Wil-
son, Win an3, and Wolf—148.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Bailey;
Banks, Boles, Boyd, Benjamin F. Butler, Corker,
Diekey, Fox. Garfield, Giifillan, Griswold, Halo,
Hambleton, Hamilton, Harris, Hay, Hill, Kellogg,
Knott, Lafiin, Logan, Millies, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, William W. Paine, Perce, Rainey,
Sanford, Joseph S.Smith, William J.Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Sweeney, Syplier,
Taylor, Trimble, Wheeler, and Witeher—41.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to a second
reading, and the bill was accordingly read the
second time.
The question recurred on referring the bill
to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Has the morn-
ing hour ©spired ?
The SPEAKER. It has still ten minutes
to run.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
privileged question. We are now at a late
period of the session, and I move that the
House, to-morrow, meet at nine o'clock.
Mr. ALLISON. Oh 1 that is too early.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York is not in order. It is
not a privileged question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
that the House do now adjourn, and I shall be
satisfied to have the division taken by tellers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman, if his object be to use up
the morning hour, that it may be used np in
the ordinary call of States and Territories for
bills on leave and resolutions.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to use
up the ten minutes. That is all.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from
New York yields to me to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to yield.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for tell-
ers on the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; andMr. O'Neill, and
Mr. Brooks of New York, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 11, noes 46 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted.
The tellers will resume their places.
Mr. SARGENT. Is a quorum necessary to
refuse to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is necessary that the
Chair shall know there is a quorum in the
House before he can entertain any business.
The tellers having resumed their places,
the House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 102.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not expired by two
minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then let me
ask if, at the expiration of the morning hour,
this bill goes over?
The SPEAKER. It does not, as the Chair
admonished the gentleman before.
The bill was then read a second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Expend-
itures.
I ask leave to present a
That is not in order under
I desire to have it printed.
That cannot be done
Mr. RANDALL.
petition.
The SPEAKER.
this call.
Mr. RANDALL.
The SPEAKER.
under this call.
spirits manufactured from fruit.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2917) to repeal all laws and parts of laws im-
posing a tax upon spirits manufactured within
the United States exclusively from fruit; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
quantico bat.
Mr. BOOKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2948) making an appropriation for theimproye-
meut of the mouth of Quantico bay, Virginia ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
commerce between united states and asia.
Mr. BOOKER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2949) to facilitate commerce between
the United States and China, Japan, and the
countries of Asia ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee ou
Commerce^ and ordered to be printed.
frederick gordoff.
Mr. MILNES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2900) authorizing Frederick Gordoff to place
and cancel stamps on two bonds; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
order of business,
Mr. PORTER. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. Por what purpose does
the gentleman rise?
Mr. PORTER. To ask leave to offer a
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain any request for unanimous consent at this
time.
Mr. PORTER. I desire to move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
The SPEAKER. That will prevent the fur-
ther calling of the States. It is the duty of the
Chair to call the States for bills on leave and
joint resolutions during the entire day, if neces-
sary to complete the call, unless at the expira-
tion of one hour after the reading of the Journal
the House should suspend the rules. The Chair
will ask the gentleman to withhold his motion
until the States have been called through,
although it is his right, of course, to insist
upon it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
done. -
Mr. PORTER. I will not insist upon it.
The Speaker resumed the calling of the
States.
light-house in north carolina.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2956) making an appropriation
for the erection of a first-class light-house at
a central point between Cape Henry, Vir-
ginia, and Bodie's Island, North Carolina;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
r. morrell.
Mr. DOCKERY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2951) for the relief of R. Morrell, of Fay-
etteville, North Carolina; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
removal of political disabilities,
Mr. DOCKERY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2952) for the relief from disabilities of
certain persons in North Carolina; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reeonstruction.
Mr. MANNING introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2958) for the relief of certain persons
therein named from legal and political dis-
abilities ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
interest due soutii carolina.
i Mr. WALLACE introduced a bill (H. R.
j No. 2954) authorizing the payment of interest
due to the State of South Carolina; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. It. No.
2955) for the removal of the disabilities of
Hardy Strickland, Talbot Strickland, N. Y.
Garrison, and J. W. Harris, of Georgia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. YOUNG also introduced a bill (H. It.
No. 2955}) to remove the political disabilities
of David Irwin, Joshua Jackson, R. H. Can-
non, and J. W. Harris; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill_ (H. R. No.
293ir) for the removal of the political disabil-
ities of W. E. Beard, Joseph P. Parker, Jack-
son Graham, and others, citizens of Georgia :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Piecon-
struction.
protection of postmasters.
. Mr. PAINE, of Georgia, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2958) to protect the persons of
postmasters while in the discharge of their
