1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
hydrograpkic office ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2571) to relieve certain persons
therein named from the iegal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the select Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. BEAMAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Michigan,
asking for an appropriation to aid the geolo-
gical survey of that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FERRY presented a joint resolution of
similar purport; which was referred to the
same committee.
51AIIY It. GKEENLY.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill (H. 11. No.
2572) granting a pension to Mary It. Greenly,
of Kilbourn City, Wisconsin; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
FEDERAL COURTS IS WISCONSIN.
Mr.WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2573) to change the time of
holding the terms of the circuit and district
courts at La Crosse, in the western district of
Wisconsin ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
CALIFORNIA AND ARIZONA RAILROAD.
Mr. AXTELL introduced a hill (H. R. No.
2574) to charter the California and Arizona
railroad; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AXTELL. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. JULIAN. I moveto amend the motion
of the gentleman from California [Mr. Axtell]
by striking out " Committee on the Pacific
Railroad" and inserting in lieu thereof "Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.''
On the motion of Mr. Julian there were—
ayes 32, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
"Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be re-
ported, as I understand it is a shoit one.
The SPEAKER. It is a long bill.
Mr. JULIAN. It belongs to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. AXTELL. It charters a road from Cal-
ifornia into Arizona.
The SPEAKER. Practically it makes little
difference to which committee it goes, as neither
of them will be called for reports at this session.
Mr. JULIAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Julian and
Mr. Axtell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy one, noes not counted.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
gold-note banks.
Mr. AXTELL also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 432) making the notes of
gold-note banks receivable for customs; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. AXTELL moved that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that it be referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
GEORGE W. 5IURPHY.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2575) to enable George W.
Murphy to apply for a pension; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to-
the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
KANSAS INDIAN REGIMENTS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a joint
resolution (IT, R. No. 433) for the further relief
of the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian
regiments; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
BROWN AND WOLM.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2576) for the relief of Brown & Wolff, of
Colorado Territory; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
DAKOTA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2577) to provide for biennial sessions of the
territorial Legislature of Dakota, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and ordered to be printed.
EXTENSION OF T1IU PREEMPTION LAWS.
Mr. SPINK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2578) to amend an act entitled "An act to
extend the provisions of the preemption laws
to the Territory of Colorado, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 1-1,1870; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The States and Terri-
tories having been called for bills and joint
resolutions for reference, they will now be
called for resolutions for consideration at the
present time. Resolutions are in order from
the State of Massachusetts, where the call rested
last Monday.
WASHINGTON CENTRE MARKET.
Mr. HOOPER, ofMassachusetts, introduced
a joint resolution (II. R. No. 428) relative to
the Centre Market in Washington; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the chair-
men of the Committees on the Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate and House of
Representatives, with the mayor of Washing-
ton, be constituted commissioners to require
the Washington Market Company, organized
under the fifteenth section of the act of May
20, 1870, promptly to furnish temporary mar-
ket accommodations for the market-men who
were driven out by the late fire; and also to
erect at the earliest possible day the first sto-
ries or market portions of the permanent rrfar-
ket buildings provided for in said act; and
that said commissioners be authorized to make
such alterations and such arrangements with
said company as shall be best calculated to
secure the speedy erection of buildings credit-
able to the city and sufficiently commodious
for all the wants of the public.
Mr. KELSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Provided however. That the passago of this reso-
lution shall not be construed to supersede, delay, or
in any way affect the pending investigation into the
affairs of said company, nor to relieve tho company
or any person from the consequences of any acts
under investigation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I accept
the amendment and demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I think the resolu-
tion ought to be referred to a committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to make an
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not, under
this call, authorized to ask unanimous consent
for anything in the nature of debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I not make a
parliamentary inquiry ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman knows
that the resolutions in the morning hour of
Monday must be taken without debate or not
at all. It is for the House to accept or reject
them.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. E\ARNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 79, not voting
50; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Atwood, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnnm, Barry, Bennett. Ben-
ton, Biggs, Bingham, Booker. Boyd, George Al,
Brooks, Bueliley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick it.
Butler, Calkin, Churchill, William T. Ciark, Sidney
Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook, Dawes, We-
gener. Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Box, Duke, Bla.Ifer-
riss; Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Geta, Gibson, Ilaldcrmm,
Hamill. Harris, Hawkins, Heflin, Hill, Rose, Jlol-
nmn, Hooper, Ingersoll, Alexander II. Jones, Kel-
logg, Ivelsey, Manning, Mayharn, Maynard, Mc-
Grew, McKee, McKenaie, Milnes, Morey, Morphis,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey.Mungen, Myers, Neg-
ley.Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,Packard, Paine, Palmer.
Peck, Perce, Piatt, Porter, Prossor, Rainey, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Slocum. William J. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stokes, Stougliton, Stradei, Strong, Twicli-
etl.Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wallace, "William B. Washburn, Welker, Wilkinson,
Williams, liugene M. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—10t>.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler. Asper, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bird, Blair, Bowen. Butlinton, Burchard,
Burr, Cessna, AmasaCobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles,
Crebs.Cullom, Dickey, Dickinson. Nathan P. Dixon.
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Eldrirtge, Earnsworth, Kink-
elnburg. Hale, llawley, Hay, Jenckes, Johnson.
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellcy, Keteham,
Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Lynch. Marshall, McCor-
mick, McCrary.McNeely, Mereur,Eliakim II.Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Daniel J.
MorroU, Packer, Peters, Phelps, Pomerov, Potter,
Reeves, Bice, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Scofield, Sher-
rod, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthinston
C. Smith, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trim-
ble. Van Auken, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Wells,
Willard. John T.Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, and
Wolf—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Beck, Boles, James Brooks, Buck, Bur-
dett. Cake, Cleveland, Covode, Cox, Darrall, Pox,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Griswold, Haight, Ha,mbleton,
Hamilton, Hays, Hoar, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Kerr,
Knott, Lash. Lewis, Logan, Loaghndge, McCarthy,
Newsham, Poland, Randall, Porter Sheldon, Sho-
ber, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strickland, Swann,
Sweeney, Sypher.Taffe, Van Wyek, Ward, Wheeler,
Whitmore, and Winans—SO.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, ofMassachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RHODE ISLAND ELECTION.
Mr. JENCKES submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Jicsolved, That the petition of Charles Anthony
and others, citizens of Rhodo Island, herewith pre-
sented, alleging that the voters of the eastern con-
gressional district of that State, at tho recent election
of a member of the House of Representatives, were
largely controlled and the probable result of tho
election brought about by the corrupt use of money
and open and wholesale bribery, and praying that
an investigation may bo ordered into the conduct of
said election with a view to make the laws for tho
preventing and the punishment of bribery at elec-
tions of members of Congress more efficient, be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with full
power to make such investigation through a sub-
committee, with power to send for persons and papers,
and to administer oaths to witnesses, and to employ
such stenographer and assistants as they may find
necessary, and to report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPEAL OF INCOME TAX.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereas the estimated amount of the income tax
under the law of July 12,18i0, is reduced to the sum
ot $13,800,000; and whereas the repeal of the income
tax will relieve the country of the expense of main-
taining a large number of assessors and other officers
