998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ence asked on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, presented
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury on
the subject of the income tax, and moved that
it be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
•The motion was agreed to.
CENTRAL BRANCH UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LOGAN. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
I move to suspend the rules so as to discharge
the Committee on the Public Lands from the
further consideration of Senate bill No.' 469,
and that it be placed upon the Speaker's table
in the position that it occupied prior to its
being referred to that committee; and I will
state to the- House in a very few words the
reason for making that motion.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is this motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. Not except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the question is left
open for general debate I have no objections
to the gentleman from Illinois being heard.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state the reasons for
my motion in a moment, and then the gentle-
man can object.
The SPEAKER. The debate proceeds by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LOGAN. This bill, like many others,
came here from the Senate, and was exam-
ined by the 'Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. It was not taken from the Speaker's
table. The chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands had the bill taken from
the Speaker's table, making an exception of
it, and referred to his committee, and it has
remained there ever since".- I am not advo-
cating the passage of the bill, or opposing it.
I atn acting for the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad in the absence of the chairman, being
second on that committee, and our only object
is to have the bill placed back in the position
it occupied and to let it take its chance with
other bills of a similar character. That is all
there is in it. It is a mere question of fair-
ness that this bill shall not be made an excep-
tion to all others. This is the only bill of this
character that has been made an exception.
Mr. HOLMAN.' I ask that the bill be re-
ported.
Mr. WELKER. We do not understand
what the bill is.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state what it is. It is
Senate bill No. 46!).
Mr. WELKER. We do not know what
that is.
Mr. LOGAN. I am going to tell you if you
wii! listen for a moment. It is a bill relating
'o the central branch of the Union Pacific
Railrjad Company. I do not know more than
you do what the provisions of the bill are, as
I do not remember them. I only know that
it was examined by our committee, and, as
acting chairman of the committee, I ask that
it be placed back where it was before. I am
not advocating the bill. All that I ask, and
all that the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
asks 
Mr. HOLMAN. A question.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not this bill referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands in the
usual way, and the motion to reconsider the
reference made and laid on the table?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know about that.
Mr. WELKER. This is the same old ques-
tion we have had up here for several mornings.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the object of this
motion to put this bill back on the Speaker's
table, and thus place it in a position where it
can be passed by a majority vote should it ever
be reached?
Mr. LOGAN. I have no object except to
carry out the wish of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. I am acting as the chair-
man of that committee-in this matter in the
absence of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wheeler,] its regular chairman. I only
ask that this bill shall receive the same treat-
ment that is accorded by the House to other
bills of the same character and not made an
exceptional case. We desire that it shall not
be made an exception, but that it shall receive
the same treatment as other bills receive.
Mr. HOLMAN. Another question.
Mr. LOGAN. Well.
Mr. HOLMAN. Have not other bills of
the same character been referred to the Co re-
mittee on the Public Lands in the same way?
Mr. LOGAN. Of the same character ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes; of the same charac-
ter as this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. If so I do not know it. -
Mr. HOLMAN* I want to ask the gentle-
man this question.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the object of this
motion to put this bill in a position more favor-
able to its passage than it now occupies ?
Mr. LOGAN. More favorable ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes.
Mr. LOGAN. The object of the motion is
not to put it in either a favorable or an unfavor-
able position. The object of the committee
is to have this bill treated like other bills; to
act fairly toward this bill as toward all other
bills like it. All other bills reported from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad are lying
on the Speaker's table with the exception of
this one. This bill was made an exceptional
case for some reason or other. I do not know
whether it was by an understanding or how.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. WELKER. I would like to know if
any one else is to be allowed an opportunity
to make any remarks on this matter?
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield to the chairman
of the Committee on the Public Lands [Mr.
Julias] to make an explanation.
Mr. WELKER. This is the third time this
question has been before this House.
Mr. LOGAN. I say to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] that if he wishes to insin-
uate that there is anything improper in this
proposition the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road has not made any motion about it before.
Mr. WELKER. I said that this was the third
time this matter has been before the House on
a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not care if it has been
before the House a hundred times. The argu-
ment -which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Welkleb] makes against this bill, by saying
that it has been a half dozen or a dozen times
before the House, is the argument of a child at
school on being whipped, that he has before
been whipped for a like offense. That is not
an argument of a statesman. What difference
does it make to the country whether this bill
has been before the House once or five hun-
dred times? If it has merits it is entitled to
pass; if not, it is entitled to be put down
because of its demerits; not because it has
been before the House once or twenty times
before.
Mr. WELKER. It was sent to the com-
mittee before because it had no merits.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the case.
Mr. WELKER. That is what we thought
who voted for the reference.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Ohio
does not know what he is talking about.
Mr. WELKER. Yes, I do.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is frequently
in the position in which he is now.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to farther
debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion "of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I was about to yield to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the objection.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me to make a state-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object if both
sides can be heard.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, this bill was
during the last session referred on my mo-
tion to the Committee on the Public Lands, a
committee having concurrent jurisdiction of
the subject-matter with the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. That actipn was regularly
taken on my motion under the rules of this
House. To vote now to restore that bill to
the Speaker's table is to vote to give it an
advantage and preeminence over fifty other
bills that it is impossible to reach during this
session. To restore the bill to the Speaker's
table will put it in a position which will en-
able its friends to pass it through by singling
it out as a matter of favoritism in preference
to other, measures similarly situated, and it
would cut off the wholesome and vital amend-
ments which the committee made to the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I am sorry that the gentle-
man from Indiana has made the remark that
this proposition is to single this bill out in
preference to others, because that is not the
fact. I will ask him, however, whether he did
not, as chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, single out this bill and have it referred
to his committee; and did he not afterward
make a motion to restore the bill to the table?
Mr. JULIAN. I did so under the positive
instructions of the Committee on Public Lands,
and the House refused to adopt that motion.
I did not favor the bill myself, and so stated
at the time.
Mr. AMBLER. I object to further debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 125, nays 77, not voting 37 ; as follows :
- YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, At-
wood, Axtsll. Ayer, Banks, Barnurn, Barry. Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bennett, Beihune, Biggs, Bird,
Blair, Booker, Bowen, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks,Buck, Buckley, Bufiinton, Benjamin P. But-
ler, Roderick II. Butter, Cake, G-ilkin, Cessna,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cowles, Dawes, Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon. Donley. Dox, Dake, Fer-
riss. Fisher, Pitch, J?ox, Gibson, GilfiHan, Grtswold,
Hale, Hamill, Hays, Heflin, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Alexander H. Jones. Kellogg, Keteham.
Lash, Logan, Long, Lynch, Manning, Mayham,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, McKenzte, Milnes,
Morey, Morphis. Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill. Morrissey, Myers,' Negley, Newsham, H.ilbert
E. Paine, William W. Paine, Palmer, Peek, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Pot-
ter, Price, Prosser, Rainey, Rogers, Hoots, Sanford,
Sawyer, Suiiutiiaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon,Sherrod, Shobor.Slocum,Joseph S.Smith,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, Strader, Strickland,
Swann, Tillman, Xownsend, Trimble,Twiehell, Van
Auken. Van Horn. Wallace, Cadwalader C: Wash-
burn,"William B. Washburn, Wilkinson. EugeneM.
Wilson, Winans, Wood, Woodward, and Young—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Beatty, Bingham, Burchard, Amasa Cobb, Coburn.
Cox, Crebs, Darrall, Dickinson, Doekery, Dyer,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Garfield, Getz,
Haight, Haldeman, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hol-
man, Hormes, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kerr, Knapp, Lawrence,
Lewis,Loughridge, Marshall, McCorinick. McCrary,
McGrew, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore,
William Moore, Morgan, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Randall, Rice, Sargent, Scofield,
Shanks, John A. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stoughton, Strong, Sweeney. Sypher, Tyner, Up-
son, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Ward, Welker, Wells,
Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and
Wolf—-77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Beck,
Benton, Boles, Boyd Burdett, Burr, William T.
Clark, Cook, Corker, Cullom, Degener, Dickey,
Duval, Ela, Ferry, Hambleton, Hamilton, Harris,
Hill, Ingersoll, Keiley, Knott, Laflin, Jesse H.
Moore, Mungen, Reeves. William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith. Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Van Trump,
Wheeler, Whitmore, and Winchester—37.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call the following announce'
ments were made:
Mr. VAN TRUMP. On this question I am
