1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 6,
Mr. WOOD. Why not allow us to amend
your resolution ?
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot consent to that.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT moved. to reconsider the
v©te by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jurisdiction of the court of claims.
Mr. BARRY. I move that the rules be^ sus-
pended, so that the resolution which I send to
. the Clerk's desk be passed.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Be it-resolved, &c., That the provisions of the act
of Congress of the 4th of July, 1864, entitled "An act
to limit the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims," is
hereby extended to the citizens of the States lately
in rebellion against the United States, as well as to
the citizens of Tennessee, with all the limitations
and restrictions imposed onthecitizensof Tennessee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it in order to have
the law which it is proposed to extend read ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope, by general con-
sent, it will be read, and also the joint reso-
lution extending the provisions of the act to
the State of Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. It will be read if there
be no objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I send it to the Clerk's
desk and ask that it be read.
Mr. JENCKES. There are about a million
of Chcfrpenning claims there.
The Clerk read as follows :
An act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and to provide for the payment of certain
demands for quartermaster's stores and subsist-
ence supplies furnished to the Army of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
shall not extend to or include any claim against the
United States growing out ofiohe destruction or
appropriation of or damage to property by the Army
or Navy, or any part of tbe Army or Navy, engaged in
the suppression of the rebellion from the commence-
ment to the close thereof.
Sec. 2. And be %t further enacted, Tbat all claims
of loyal citizens in States not in rebellion for quar-
termaster's stores actuallyfurnished to the Army of
the United States, and receipted for by the proper
officer receiving the ?ame, or which may have been
taken by such officers without giving such receipt,
may be submitted to the Quartermaster General of
the United States, accompanied with such proofs as
each claimant can present of the facts in his case;
and it shall be the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to cause such claim to be examined, and, if con-
vinced that it is just and of the loyalty of the claim-
ant, and that the stores have been actually received
or taken for the use pf and used by said Army, then
to report each case to the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury, with a. recommendation for settlement.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all claims
of loyal citizens in States not in rebellion for sub-
sistence actually furnished to said Army, and re-
ceipted for by the proper officer receiving the same,
or which may ha^ve been taken by such officers with-
out giving such receipt, may be submitted to the
Commissary General of Subsistence, accompanied
with such proof as each claimant may have to offer;
and it shall be the duty of the Commissary General
of Subsistence to c'ause each claim to be examined,
and, if convinced that it is just and of the loyalty ot
the claimant, and that the sl-dres have been actually
received or taken for the use of and used by said
Army, then to report each case to the Third Auditor
of the Treasury, with a recommendation for settle-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to say a single word. These different
propositions have been referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and that committee have
been considering the question, and have pre-
pared a bill which we think is far more satis-
factory, and which we hope to present to the
House at no distant day, appointing a com-
mission. I know that members who have
appeared before ns in connection with this
subject would be better pleased with that bill
than with the resolution. I hope, therefore,
this resolution will not be pressed; for if the
House will give us an opportunity we will soon
be able to present the bill, which will be more
satisfactory. We hope to be ready to report
it by Monday next. We have had the bill
printed ; and, so far as the members from these
States are concerned, it is far more satisfactory
to them than any resolution of this kind. I
hope, therefore, that the House will wait until
we can present our report to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to have read the
joint resolution relating- to the State of Ten-
nessee. The object of this resolution is to put
the loyal citizens of other States upon the same
footing with the loyal citizens of the State of
Tennessee
The SPEAKER. It will be read if there
be no objection.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read, as follows :
Be it resolved. &e., That the provisions of the act
of tbe 4th of July, 1864: entitled " An net to limit
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims," arehereby
extended to the' loyal citizens of the State of Ten-
nessee. ■
Mr. BARRY. I would like to answer in a
word the objections raised by gentlemen on
the other side to this resolution. I cannot see
why they now wake up, after four years have
elapsed since the passage of the joint resolu-
tion restoring the loyal citizens of the State of
Tennessee to the Court of Claims, and now
make the other States exceptions.
Mr. JENCKES. This does not send the
eases to the Court of Claims, but to the quar-
termasters and commissaries.
Mr. BARRY. It sends them precisely where
you sent' the Tennessee cases.
Mr. JENCKES. They never ought to have
been sent there.
The question recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the joint resolu-
tion ; and upon a division there were—ayes 62,
noes 53.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BARRY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 72, nays 126, not voting 41; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Asper.Ayer, Bailey,
Barry, Bennett, Bethune, Bingham, Booker, Bowen,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burr, Roderick
R.Butler. Calkin, WilliamT.Clark,ClintonL.Cobb,
Coburn, Darrall, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Dyer,
Farnsworth, Gibson, Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins,
Hays, Hefiin, Hoar, Hoge, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Lash, Manning, Marshall, Maynard. Me-
Grew, McKee, MeKenzie, MeNeely, Milnes.Morey,
Morphis, Negley, Newsham, Niblack, Halbert B.
Paine, Perce, Piatt, Porter, Price, Prosser, Rainey,
Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
Stokes, Sypher, Tillman, Trimble, Van Horn, Wal-
lace, Wells, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, and
Witeher—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ambler, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Banks, Barnum, Beainan, Beatty,
Beck. Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Bird, Blair. James
Brooks, BuiSnton, Burchard, Burdett, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, Auia«a, Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cook,
Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Nathan i'\
Dixon, Dox, Duke, Ela, Bldridge, Ferriss, Kerry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fox, Geta, Giliillan, Griswold,
Haigbt, Hale, Hawley, Hay, Holman, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
ICelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Lawrenee, Lewis,
Logan, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, Mayham, Mc-
Carthy, McCormiek, McCrary, Mercur, Eliakim H.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Mor-
rell. Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Peek, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sanford, Sawyer,
Scofieid, Shanks, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stiles, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland. Strong, Svyann, Taffc, Tan-
ner, Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, V an Auken,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voornees, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Willard.WiUiams.Winans, Winchester, Wolf, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Axtell, Boles,
Boyd, Benjamin F. Batler, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Corker, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Joseph
Dixon, Fitch, Garfield, Hambleton, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hill, Hooper, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Knott,
Laflin, Jesse H. Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, O'Neill,
William W. Paine. Poland, bchumaker, Porter
Sheldon, Sherrod, William J. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Stevenson, Strader, Sweeney, Taylor,
Wheeler, Whitmore, and John T. Wilson—41
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
relief foe france and germany.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table for con-
sideration at this time the joint resolution ®f
the Senate, No. 308, authorizing the use of a
naval vessel to transport breadstuff's to Europe,
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the President to cause to be stationed , at
the port of New York, if the same can be done
without injury to the public service, one or
more of our naval vessels, to be there lield in
readiness to receive on board for transporta-
tion ssch supplies as may be furnished by lh<i
people of the United States for the destitute
and suffering people of France and Germany.
Mr. BANKS. I move to insert the word
"Boston" after "NewYork." The delega-
tion from Massachusetts has been assured
that a ship can be loaded from that port and
the neighborhood if the opportunity is given
by the Government. And I now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,]
who has a similar amendment to offer.
Mr. RANDALL. I have been requested by
parties in Philadelphia to ask that the resolu-
tion be amended so as to insert Philadelphia.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the resolution will be amended so as to insert
the ports of Boston and Philadelphia as well
as New York.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was amended accordingly.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
addresses on female suffrage.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire consent to offer the
following resolution ; to which I hope there
will be no objection :
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be granted
to Mrs. Victoria C. Woodhull and Mrs. Isabella
Beecher Hooker on Wednesday evening, February 8,
1871, for the purpose of presenting the constitutional
and moral argument in favorof the enfranchisement
of the women citizens of the United States, and in
support of;a memorial lately reported upon by a
majority and minority of the Judiciary Committee;
and that the House will participate in the proceed-
ings.
Mr. ARCHER. I object to the resolution.
Mr. J ULIAN. I move, then, to suspend the
rules, so that the resolution may be received
and adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the reading of the rule on this subject, after
which I desire to make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read Rule
No. 155.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Hall of the House shall not be used for any
other purpose than the legitimate business of the
House, nor shall the Speaker entertain any propo-
sition to use it for any other purpose, or for the sus-
pension of this rule: Provided, That this shall not
interfere with the performance of divine service
therein under the direction of the Speaker, or with
the use of the same forcaucus meetingsof the mem-
bers. or upon occasions where the House may, by
resolution, agree to take part in any ceremonies to
be observedT therein."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
House allow me a single suggestion? It is
well known that I am in favor of woman suf-
frage, [laughter] 
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER, Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STILES. I object to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
a single word. I know the gentleman will not
object to what I wish to say. I wish merely
to remark that I do not desire that there shall
be taken in regard to this question any unusual
course, such as I would not favor in reference,
to any other question. '
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemah from Indi-
ana moves to suspend the rules in order to
adopt the resolution which has been read.
