m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. VOOBHBES. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution for action at
thepresent time:
Whereas by the existing homestead laws an actual
settlement in allcases by the claimant is made neces-
sary; afid whereas there are large numbers of persons
disabled in the military and naval service of th e Uni-
ted States who are unable to settle and make a living
upon lands which require agricultural or other active
labor,being thereby wholly deprived ofthebenefitsof
thehomestead policy in the public lands; and whereas
such disabled persons are the most helpless, needy,
and meritorious class of American citizens: Now,
therefore,
Beitresolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to prepare a bill exempting all persons
who appear now, or who shall hereafter appear on
the rolls as pensioners, because of disabilities received
in the military or naval service of the United States,
from the necessity of making a settlement on the
lands to which they may make claim, granting them
the benefits of thehomestead policy without such set-
tlement; and said committee is instructed to report
said bill to this House for its action at the present
session.
Mr. ROOTS. I object.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the resolution be agreed to.
Mr, SARGENT. 1 shall not ask for a divis-
ion on that motion, but shall remark on the bill
when it comes up.
The motion of Mr. Vooriiees was agreed to.
general pardon and amnesty.
Mr. KELSEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I offer the follow-
ing preamble and resolution for consideration
at thepresent t'ime:
Whereas the Government of the United States was
established as a confederacy ot coequal States, dele-
gating certain powers to a federal head or common
accent and reserving all others "to the States respect-
ively or to the people;" and whereas the question of
secession was from the beginning a debatable one,
held by some to be a sovereign right, reserved and
denied by othors; and whereas the right of revolution
is admitted to all and was affirmed m the Declaration
of Independence, the great forerunner of the Fed-
eral Constitution; and whereas in the course of
time, the question of secession being still undeoided
by any tribunal of the Federal Government, certain
States did secede and sot up a government of their
own in accordance with honest convictions of their
reserved rights, and a great civil war ensued in which
said States and government were subdued and over-
thrown, the great experiment havingbeen made find
settled by arms; and whercasthe leaders and soldiers
in said war for secession or revolution and the people
of said States have for nearly six years after peace
conformed to all the requirements of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and have been fully recon-
structed under the laws and regulations of its Con-
gress :
.Ve it therefore resolved, Thatitis thebounden duty
of the Government and Congress of the United States,
if they would revere the common brotherhood, trials,
sufferings, and glorious achievements of a nohlo
ancestry, and act in the liberal, magnanimous, and
Christian spiiit of an enlightened age, to grant free,
unqualified, and perfect pardon and amnesty to all
political offenders in said war, that the Government
of the lathers with all its privileges and blessings
may be restored for the benotit of the whole people,
and that the original "more perfect union'* of the
Constitution may bo reestablished, exalted, and
secured forever.
Mr. KEfiSEY, T object to that.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move tlua the
rules be suspended and the preamble and reso-
lution adopted.
. Mr. KELSEY. J do not think I can yield
for that motion.
^Mi\ MAYNARD. 1 hope the gentleman
will yield and allow the motion to be made.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes; and let us have the
yeas and nays on it.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 will yield for the purpose
of testing the sense of the House on the ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move that the
rules be suspended and the preamble and reso-
lution adopted which have just, been read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and others,
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. 1 call for a division of the ques-
tion, and ask for a separate vote on the pre-
amble. I do not like the preamble, and want
a separate vote on it.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Jones] is that the
rules be suspended and the preamble and res-
olution adopted. That motion includes the rule
which gives the right to the gentleman to call
for a separate vote on the preamble.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14, nays 143, not voting
78 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Beck, Bird, Duke, Gibson, _Gris-
vrold, Hardeman, Johnson. Thomas L.Jones, Knott,
Beeves, Rice, Sherrod, Winchester, and Wood-
ward—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell.Asper.At-
wood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Bearaan,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham. Blair,
Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffin-
ton,Iiurchard,Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, A mas a Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cul-
loin, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Nathan
i<\ Dixon, Doekery, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Finkelnburpr, Fisher, Eiteh, GUfillan. Hale,
Harris. Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hill, Hoge, Hol-
man, Holmes, IIooper.Hotchkiss.Ingersol!, Jenekes,
Alexander II. Jones. Judd, Keilcy. Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Lougliridge,
Maynard, MeCrary, Mctitrcw, McKee, McKenzie,
Mercur, Milnes, Bliakim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Mo.ore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Nesley, O'Neill. Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palm er,Peck, Perce, Peters,
Phelps, Poland. Pomeroy,Porter,Prosser, Roots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Sehumaker, Seofield, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, P,orter Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Staik-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stonghton,
Strong, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William 1>. Washburn, Wclkor, Whitmore, Wilkin-
son, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Witcher, and Wolf—143.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Axtell, Bifrgs, Bnwen, Boyd, James
Brooks, Buck, Burr, Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Cal-
kin, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Conner, Covode,
Darrall, Dickinson, Donley, Dox, Dyer, Eldridgc,
Fox, Garlield, Getz, Haight, Hambleton, llamill,
Hamilton, Hays, Ileflin, Hoar, Julian, Kerr, Lash,
Lewis, Logan, Lynch, Manning, Marshall, Mayham,
McCarthy, McCormick. McNeely, Morgan, Samuel
P. Morrill, Newsbam, Niblack, Piatt, Potter, Rainey,
Randall. Rogers, Sanford, Schenck, Shober, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Strickland, Swann,
Sweeney, Svpher, Tanner, Trimble, Van Aukcn, Van
liorn.Van Trump, Van Wyck.Voorhees, Ward, Wells,
Wheeler, Eugene M. Wilson,and Wood—78.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration and adoption at
this time the resolution without the preamble,
which has just been voted on.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I object; let the
gentleman offer his own resolution.
Mr. COX. I movo that the rules be sus-
pended in order that the resolution be intro-
duced and adopted. .
Mr. KELSEY. I cannotyield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to say
to the House that this resolution is one to which
a majority of the members on this side of the
House agree, and for which some of them
voted, notwithstanding the preamble accom-
panying it.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 object to debate.
MESSAGE 1'ROJI TUB 3ENATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Oouiiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the hill of the Senate No. G73,
for the relief of Nicholas M. Page, executor
of Samuel Miller, of Campbell county, Vir-
ginia.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment a bill and
joint resolution of the House of tbe following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2431) to authorize the
Jersey Shore National Bank, Pennsylvania, to
change its location; and
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 419]I to correct
an error in the enrollment of a law in relation
to pay of grand and petit jurors.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the House
to concur in, a bill of the following title :
A bill (S. No. 701) to incorporate the South-
ern Express Company.
degrees of murder.
Mr. KELSEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Oook.]
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent for
the correction of an error in a bill passed by
the House last Friday, some of the sections
being misrecited. The bill to which I refer is
House bill No. 2012, to define the degrees of
murder in the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
tlie correction will be made.
There'was no objection.
joseph s. fitcii and company.
On motion of Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 980) for the relief of
Joseph S. Fitch & Co., of Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
oeorfir co wes.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; whicli was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be requested
to inquire into the justice of the claim of George
Cowes, for property taken from him for the use of
or by the officers of the United States Government
during the war of the rebellion, and roport to this
Houso by bill or otherwise.
indians tn arizona and new mexico.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions a bill (H. K. No. 2580) making a special
appropriation for the Indian service in Arizona
and New Mexico ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It appropriates $30,000
to enable the President to collect the Apache
Indian tribe of Arizona and New Mexico upon
reservations, to provide for their subsistence,
and to maintain peace and promote civilization
among them.
Mr. SAliGENT. Mr. Speaker, this bill is
in accordance with a special recommendation
of the Secretary of the Interior, based upon
the report of the board of Indian commission-
ers. The Indians referred to are probably the
most bloodthirsty and cruel of any on the con-
tinent. They have killed and tortured hun-
dreds-of our citizens in Arizona, and made a
large part of that Territory a desert. They
have prevented settlement and enterprise over
the vast region which heretofore they have con-
trolled. By the efforts of the Indian commis-
sion and others these tribes, numbering about
ten thousand individuals, have agreed to go on
reservations and keep the peace if they have
some aid in subsistence and teaching in the
modes of civilization. If they can be kept to
this good iutention we shall save millions that
war will occasion, and many valuable lives,
besides opening a rich mineral country to set-
tlement. I like the manner in which it is pro-
posed to treat the question, as it deals with
these tribes b}^ legislation and not by treaty.
1 trust there will be no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tbe third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
o.n the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homestead* for soldiers.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 2581) to amend
the act relating to homesteads for soldiers;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This is a bill to which
1 think there can be no objection. It has the
approval of the chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands. I hope it will be passed at
once.
Thebill was read. It provides that all rights,
benefits, and privileges conferred bythe twenty
fifth section of the act approved July 15, 1870.
making appropiiation for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes, be extended to. every pri-
vate soldier and officer who served in the Army
of the United States for ninety days'in the last
