1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
war with Great Britain, or in the war with Mex-
ico, and remained loyal to the Government.
Mr. DAWES. Why should this bill pass
without a reference to a committee?
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the bill should be
referred to a committee it could not get through
Congress this session.
Mr. MAYNARD. We understand the bill
as well as if it should go to a hundred com-
mittecs.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is all right.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAIUI'F UPON STISEL RAILS.
Mr. KELSEY. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and move a suspension of the rules for
its adoption:
"Whereas the improvement in the manufacture of
railway iron by the Bessemer or pneumatic process
has been such thatsteet railway bars can now be pur-
chased in this country at an increase of cost of about
twenty percent.overthecost of iron rails; and where-
as the duty upon iron railsis now but$15 68 per ton,
and tho proportionate duty on steel rails ought not
now at the utmost to exceed twenty dollars per ton;
and whereas this Hou;-e, at its last session, passed a
tax bill in which was incorporated, without any op-
poitunity being offered tor aseparate vote thereon, a
clause fixing the rariif upon steel rails at one and a
ciuartercentsperpound,or$2788per ton; and whereas
si tariff so di^propoi tionate to the cost of the A-tiele
is calculated to prevent the introduction of better
rails, to limit the extension of railways by increas-
ing their cost, and to diminish the revenue to be de-
rived tiom this source, with no advantage except to
the few persons who control the patent under which
such rails are made in America, who will thereby he
eiiormout-ly enriched to the public injury: Therefore,
llexolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to bring in a bill imposing a rote of
duty upon steel railway bars and rails made by the
Bessemer or pneumatic process of not exceeding
twenty dollars per ton.
Several members objected.
Mr. POTTER. I have moved to suspend
the rules.
Mr. KELSEY. I yielded to the gentleman
without knowing the purport of his resolution,
i do not yield to hitn for a motion to suspend
the rules.
BARK BUSY.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back without amendment, from the
Committee on Commerce, joint resolution (S.
No. 191) granting an American register to the
British-built bark Busy.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the British built bark Busy, wrecked
and found abandoned at sea, and now owned
by citizens of Norfolk, Virginia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT Of CONNECTICUT RIVER.
Mr. STRONG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2582) to providefor the
improvement of the Connecticut river ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
east tunnhsske, etc , railro 41) companies.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition and accompanying papers of the East
Tennessee, Virginia, and Georgia Railroad
Companies, and that the petitioners have leave
to withdraw the same from the files of the
House.
The motisn was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. BUCK, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for-three days.
lath hon. mr. smyth, of iowa.
The SPEAKER stated that he had been
requested to give notice that the Iowa delega-
tion will announce the death of their late col-
league, Mr. Smyth, on Wednesday, at two
o'clock p. m.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. KELSEY moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to take up for consideration the pension
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
McCrary in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 2529, making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 80, 1872.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill for information.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, this bill, as
it now stands, appropriates the same amount
for invalid and other pensions appropriated in
the last session of Congress for the current
fiscal year, namely, $30,000,000. I have been
instructed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to report amendments in the House
reducing the appropriation $1,000,000, and
this -has been done because it is now under-
stood that the maximum of our pensions has
been reached, and from this time forward they
will gradually decrease.
In this connection, sir, I desire to submit to
the House and to the country some few state-
ments in relation to our pension laws and sys-
tem of pensions, which I have procured at the
Pension Office, and to which I now ask the
attention of the House.
1. What pensions have been allowed:
Up to the organization of the present Gov-
ernment, on the 4th of March, 1789, the only
pensions that had been allowed were those
granted by special acts of Congress to revolu-
tionary invalids, and a few to widows of revo-
lutionary soldiers, but the payments had been
made by the several States (or Colonies) until,
by the act of September 29, 1789, they were
assumed by the General Government. Subse-
quent to this, and prior to 181G, pensions were
granted by acts of Congress to soldiers who had
incurred disabilities in the Indian wars, and to
the widows and children of those who had died
of wounds.
By the act of April 24, 1816, invalid pensions
were increased from five dollars to eight dollars
for total disability, and a proportional rate for
a less degree of disability; and by act of April
16,1816, pensions were authorized forfive years
to widows and children of the soldiers of 1812.
The act of March 18, 1818, granted pensions
to all officers and soldiers who had served in
the Continental line foraperiod of nine months.
By this act one uniform rate was allowed to
all officers and another to the soldiers. The
act of May 15, 1828, made further grant of
pensions to these soldiers; and by the act of
June 7, 1832, pensions were granted to all who
served six months in the revolutionary war.
The rate per annum was graduated according
to the length of service, six months being the
minimum and two years the maximum. This
was the last act for the relief of this class of
pensioners till the joint resolution of Aprtl 1,
1864; and then these acts are the only general
acts granting pensions for "services" without
disabilities.
Prior to 1808 pensions were allowed to in-
valids for "wounds and their effects only,"
but in that year those " or otherwise disabled "
were included, and have been continued in the
succeeding acts for the benefit of the soldiers
of 1812, Florida war, Mexican war, and the
war of the rebellion.
The first general act granting pensions to
widows during widowhood was the act of July
4, 1836, to widows of revolutionary soldiers
whose marriage took place before the termin-
ation of their military services. All other
widows and children, with few exceptions,
from 1789 to June 3, 1858, were pensioned for
five years. In some cases successive acts con-
tinued the pensions for another period of five
years._ By the act of June 3, 1858, all pensions
of this class were continued during widow-
hood, and all pensions granted since have
been for the same term. The pensions to
Navy widows had been extended in' like man-
ner by the act of August 11, 1848.
2. By whom adjudicated and allowed:
Congress, during the revolutionary war, and
for many years thereafter, acted directly upon
the individual claims for pension; and until the
passage of the act of March 3, 1819, no invalid
pensioner was inscribed upon the roll without
his name was embraced in an act of Congress.
The mode of establishing a right to pension
was as follows: the applicant, with his evi-
dence, after examination by surgeons, appeared
before a court of record, where he was inter-
rogated, and the evidence, with a certificate
of the court as to the facts, was forwarded to
the War Department and annually reported to
Congress for its action. This mode of estab-
lishing a claim—save the report to and action
of Congress—was continued under the act of
March 18, 1818, and, to a considerable extent,
under the act of June 7, 1832.
The claims for pensions until 1833 were
considered and prepared or adjudicated in the
War Department without any distinctive organ-
ization therein; but in that year the Pension
Office was created a distinct bureau of the
War Department, and so remained until trans-
ferred to the Interior Department in 1849.
The number of clerks employed upon these
duties prior to this date was very small—their
exact number may probably be ascertained
from the Biennial Register or the records of
the War Department—as will be seen from
the small number of pensioners and the small
amount of pensions paid.
Pensions authorized by some particular acts
of Congress to widows were examined and paid
by the Paymaster General until the creation
of the office of the Third Auditor, March 3,
1817, to which they were then transferred.
3. What number have been pensioned :
Invalids:
Invalids on the rolls in 1791  1,356
Admitted from January 1, 1791, to 1813, (com-
mencement of war with Great Britcm)  1,157
Admitted from May 28,1813, to December 31,
1817  1,733
Admitted from January 1,1818, to December
31,1836, (commencement of Florida war)  2,015
Admitted from January 1, 1837, to June 30,
1816, (commencement of Mexican war)  941
Admitted from July 1,1846, to June 30,1861,
(commencement of war of the rebellion)  6,525
13,729
Admitted from July 1,1861, to June 30, 1870... 97,291
111,023
^Revolutionary soldiers, not invalids:
Admitted under act March 18, 1818. (nine months'
service)  20,485
Admitted under act May 15,1828  1,200
Admitted under act Juno 7,1832, (six months'
service")  33,425
55,110
Widows, &c.:
Admitted prior to April 16.181G, very few, records
imperfect.
Admitted under act April 16, 1810, (war of
1812)  4,95')
Admitted under act July 4, 1836, (Florida
war)        ^80
Admitted under act J"uly 21, 1818, (Mexican
war)    2,2-30
Admitted under act February 3, 1853, (war of
1812 and Indian wars")  3.0!b
Carried forward 10,660
■"Many of these are remarks.
