1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
and free trade is a contest of doctrinaires, and
not between practical thinkers and statesmen,
since it is confined absolutely to the question
of modes of taxation and never takes into
account the amount of taxation.
8. That the duties on tea, sugar, and coffee
alone extracted from the people of the United
States during the fiscal year last past the enorm-
ous sum of $00,000,000, andwillduringthe cur-
ent fiscal year extract from the people not less
than forty-live or fifty million dollars. Now that
the people are clamoring fortheremovalof tax-
ation the protectionists want the duties lowered
on tea, sugar, and coffee, in order the better to
preserve the rates oil iron, steel, wool, and
brittle wares, while the free-traders want them
retained on the former, the more readily to force
the reduction to take place on the latter.
I imagine I understand this contest well
enough. 1 understand also that it is not a
mere dialectical contest between rival schools,
but a desperate game of vested moneyed inter-
ests—the manulacturers on one side, the heavy
importers on the other.. In their contest, for
speculation and gain the wants and necessities
of this great nation of forty million people are
totally disregarded.
On another and more fitting occasion I may
show that I understand even more of these
matters, and that the interests i have alluded
to have wielded something more than mere
force of argument to carry their measures into
practice. Personally, I care nothing about
either their arguments or their practices; nei-
ther do the people whom I represent; neither
do the people of this country at large. What
we care most about, and what we demand, is,
that the taxes may be lowered materially and
at once. You have amused us long enough
with this put up battle between free trade and
protection. We wish no more parley, but de-
mand action. We asjk for a substantial reduc-
tion of taxes at once, no matter about the
mode; that you can dispute in debating soci-
eties and before social science associations.
But lower the taxes to some purpose, and im-
mediately, is what the toiling, laboring millions
of American freemen demand.
This common-sense principle suffices to ex-
plain my resolution to abolish the duties on tea,
sugar, and coffee. X selected those articles
because they enLer more largely into the neces-
sary expenditures of the poorer classes than any
other. The cost of producing cotton, and 1 may
say all agricultural staples, including grain and
pork, depends upon the cost of labor, and the
latter in turn depends most upon the cost of
living, which is regulated almost entirely by the
price ot food and groceries. I selected them,
also, because the duties on these articles ex-
tracted more from the people than any other
single class of dutiable articles. They now
extract $50,000,000 a year. By abolishing the
duties on tea, sugar, and coffee, the people will
be relieved from $50,000,000 of annual taxa-
tion. Should 1 effect this object, I shall then
move to abolish the duties on wool and iron.
The woolen duties extract $2o,000,000 from the
people, the iron duties $15,000,000. These
are the actual sums paid into the Treasury on
these articles by the people; not the fanciful
deductions of fanciful tax theories.
Down with the taxes say I, and down with
the taxes says my friend, the gallant gentle-
man from Illinois, who, I am glad to observe,
offered to the House resolutions similar fo my
own. The Federal taxes in 1808 amounted to
$-100,000,000: in 1800 to $391,000,000 : 1111870
to §411.000,000 ; and dm ins; the current fiscal
year will cxceed S075,000,000.
During alt the time since 18G8 (lie country
has been distracted with dialectics on free trade
and prol ection ; but what relief has meanwhile
been accorded ? Practically none. The petty
reductions of taxation that have as yet been
made scarcely outweigh the natural jucrease
of taxes year after venr which a given ra:e
is sure to produce when fixed upon the pro-
41st Coxg. 3d Sess.—No. 12.
ductive or other commercial incidents of the
activity of a fast-growing nation.
I therefore call for the abolition of the
duties on tea, sugar, and coffee; ay, and for
the abolition of the internal revenue system,
too. The protectionists may take what delusive
comfort they can find from these principles of
"childlike innocence." 1 am content to be-
lieve that the main, the most important effect
of such measures will be to relieve the people
from taxation, and that is what I am here for,
and not to grind the axes of importing leagues
or manufacturing associations.
There is another point in this connection
which justice to myself and the course I have
chosen requires should be kept in view, and I
suggest, to tny Democratic friends to observe
the advantages it presents. Astothe existence
of any compact between the Free-Trade League
and the Democratic party, I deny it. There is
no such compact, and there "cannot be one.
The Free-Trade League is a private association
in the interest of a few individuals. The
Democratic party is a vast political organiza-
tion seeking the welfare of forty million peo-
ple. But although a compact between such a
Lilliput aud Gulliver would be absurd, yet, as
commercial freedom is promoted by econom-
ical government and low taxes, and as low
taxation is one of the cardinal points of Demo-
cratic doctrine, there is a relation between free
trade and Democracy, though not necessarily
between the Free-Trade Leagueand theDemo-
cratic party.
By abolishing the duties on tea, sugar, and
coffee, and sweeping away the internal reve-
nues, the annual Federal taxes will fall after
the current fiscal year to less than $200,000,000.
Of this $120,000,000 are pledged for the pay-
metitof the interest on the publicdebf, leaving
but $80,000,000 more for the current expenses
of Government. This sum, though abundantly
sufficient for all legitimate purposes, being
nearly twice as much as the total annual cost
of Government under the Buchanan adminis-
tration, will hardly prove enough for our friends
on the other side, accustomed as they have
been to the disposal of $400,000,000 of Federal
favors. The enactment of measures such as
those alluded to will therefore tend to loosen
the tenacious hold on the Government now
retained by our super-loyal, not to say super-
royal friends on the other side, and facilitate
the access) on of an economical Administration ;
truly an object to be desired and a point worth
digesting!
In the official report of iff. Delmar, the
then Director of the Bureau of Statistics, dated
December 11, 18G8, on the customs revenues,
after reviewing in detail the fiscal history of
several preceding yeais, I find substantially
the doctrine I now advocate. Said he :
"Protective duties fait fo more than very tran-
siently, it at all, subserve the object with which
they are imposed."
In the same report I find anticipated the very
measure which the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kki.i.ey,] in nis "childlike
innocence," conceived himself so very shrewd
the other day in nailing upon the record. It
shows bow the protectionists would soon be
under the logical necessity of proposing "a
movement for the entire abolition of the system
of internal revenue taxes,'' and explained bow
the moviment could be checkmated. Your
policy then, as to day, was to amuse the country
with rival theories of taxation without caring
a jot tor its practical needs or moving a peg
towaids its practical relief.
Mr. Speaker, if in the opinion of a narrow
school of doctrinaires the measure I have pro-
posed be an instance of childlike innocence,
1 am happy to think the innocents are abroad,
and that lam notalonein my disingenuousness.
Besides my honorable friend from llliouis, [Mr.
Oiu:ijs,] 1 hove the clearest thiukeis of the age
just past, and the honest, industrious, toiling
millions of American freemen of to-day. We
shall see who will triumph, the people or the
speculators, the autocrat or the son of toil.
Mr. Speaker, with one more observation I
am done. I c[uote again the closing link of
that "rope of sand," which, in the hands of
thirty million honest, industrious, patriotic,
agricultural freemen, will prove strong enough
to anchor far out in the ocean of political 1'or-
getfulness the leaders of a party that has im-
posed on the country a system of tariff higher
than the highest, more than protective; in
many instances an absolute prohibition, an
unjust and monstrous monopoly.
"The ex-rebels who send to Congress men of Mr.
Conner's caliber are actuated merely by a blind hate
of the Government, and a hope, derived from tlio
speeches of demagogues, of freeing themselves from
the burdens of citizenship by the aid of their polit-
ical alliosin the North."
Blind hate of the Government! What have
the people of north Texas done to warrant such
a statement, and that, too, from a journal pro-
fessedly in favor of general amnesty ? Hate
the Government, how ? They have paid their
taxes, obeyed the laws, and bowing to the flag
of the country have in good faith accepted the
situation ; ay, they have gone further. They
have suffered oppression ; they have witnessed
the constitution of their State and General
Government trampled beneath the feet of an
unscrupulous despot who styles himself Gov-
ernor, and who rules by authority of a mob,
misnamed a Legislature. They have suffered
almost every humiliation that ingenuity could
conceive or malignity contrive. There is one,
however, which you can never force them to
incur, because it carries with it a species of
humiliation, and I may say degradation, which
is not to be found iu any well-regulated family
of north Texas—the voting of a Kadical ticket-
No ; they do not hate the Government, but
they hate the party which, iu administeringthe
Government, have stolen their liberties and
trampled upon their Constitution, They love
civil republican government. They love the
Constitution, but despise the men who to retain
power would utterly disregard its sacred pro-
visions. As for myself, 1 repeat here what I
have uttered elsewhere.
A more youth when the war began, 1 knew
little of the issues involved in the contest. I only
knew that the Governor of Indiana, thai proud
old Democratic Commonwealth, the home
of my nativity and the scene of my childhood,
called for troops, and 1 fel1', in my " childlike
innocence," that it was my duty to respond.
I did respond. A soldier during the war, 1 was
ever to be found where the orders of my chief
placed me ; but now that the war is over I can
take by the hand the brave confederate soldier
who met me in that contest; and as for the
widows and orphans of the heroes who fell in
that fratricidal strife, 1 can cast over them the
broad mantle of a soldier's charity, hopefully
looking forward to the day when every deed
of heroism, of sacrifice, and of devotion will
be cherished as the common heritage of the
American people.
[At the expiration of fifteen minutes the
hammer fell.
Mr. CONNER. T appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] for five min-
utes more.
Mr. DAWES. I regret exceedingly that the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Coxxeb I does not
understand what is the meaning of the term
" personal explanation." 1 do not know that
I have ever in my experience here seen so
gross an abuse of a privilege granted by the
House as has been practiccd at this time under
the name of a " personal explanation."
Mr. HOLMA.N. I hope there will be no
objection to the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
CoxxELi] being permitted to finish his remarks.
Mr. CONN15U. I appeal to the gentleman
to give me five minutes more ; if he does I will
tell him what I mean by a "personal explana-
tion."
Mr. DAWES. I think the country will
