1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. PROSSER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. What will be the condition of the
pending question before the House if it goes
over until to-morrow 1
The SPEAKER^ro tempore. This question
will be pending until twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, at which time another legislative day will
begin, and the question will then go over till
the following Monday.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by making
■it ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. If we take a recess
until to-morrow morning, do- we not in fact
lose the legislative day of Monday?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. At twelve
o'clock to-morrow another legislative day will
begin.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We will
then have lost all that we have been so far con-
tending for.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken; and Mr. Beck's
motion was rejected.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope we shall dispense
with all further proceedings under the call, in
order that we may proceed to a direct vote on
the question.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that we take a
recess until half past ten o'clock to-morrow
morning.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
having Mr. Barry of Mississippi in custody,
staling that Mr. Barry had voluntarily pre-
sented himself. „
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Bakry,
you have been absent from the House without
its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. BARRY. The only excuse I have to
offer is this: I am a subject, a living one, of
the outrages in the South, which have been the
result of a certain amount of investigations.
Indeed, we have had nothing but investiga-
tions; and as a sufferer of those outrages I
ha'.'o been compelled to absent myself. If the
only results of such investigations be assassin-
ation and outrages like tnat from which I have
suflsred, perhaps if more of us should absent
ourselves from this Hall pending the action
upon future investigations the better it really
would be.
Mr. McKEE. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Barry, be excused.
The question was pat on the motion to
excuse Mr. Barry.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Gentlemen
will please resume their seats that the House
may come to order, so that a division may be
taken on the question which has been put.
Mr. WINANS. I want to keep on my feet
so that the Chair may recognize me when this
thing is over. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Wixax's] will resume his
seat.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order. I desire to know under what
rule the Chair requests me to take my seat.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
requests the gentleman to suspend his remarks.
Mr. WINANS. I hope the Chair will in-
form me why he directs me to take my seat.
I have risen for the purpose of making a mo-
tion, if I can only get the Chair to see me and
recognize me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it is part of his duty to main-
tain order in the House. The gentleman from
Ohio will please resume his seat.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (after knock-
ing with the gavel.) When order is restored
in the House the Chair will undertake to dis-
charge, as well as he may be able, the duties
which devolve upon him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a question of order. We did not on this side
hear the ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is waiting for gentlemen on the right and on
the left to resume their seats.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The- SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Winans] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WINANS. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed witk
And I desire to, say 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. At the pres-
ent time that motion is not in order. The
House is now dividing on the motion to excuse
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barry.]
Pending the division on that question, the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio is not in
order.
Mr. WINANS. I had bought that I was
entirely in order. •
The House divided on the motion to excuse
Mr. Barry ; and there were—ayes eighty, noes
not counted.
So the motion was agreed to, and Mr. Barry
was excused.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
and said: Mr. Speaker, in obedience to the
order of the House, I now have Mr. Bailey,
of New York, in custody at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Bailey,
you have been absent from the sessions of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. BAILEY. I was unwell.
Mr. STILES. I move that the gentleman
be excused for the reason stated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINANS. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
In support of that motion,. I desire to say that
I suppose the object of the call was to ascer-
tain whether we had a quorum. It is now
ascertained that we have a quorum.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the question debatable.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate can
only proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object to debate.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Winans ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe I had a motion
pending. For the sake of exactness, I have
reduced it to writing, and have somewhat
modified it. I move as follows:
Resolved, That the Hou3c now take a recess until
to-morrow morning at ten o'cloek, at which time the
Sergeant-at-Arms shall be required to bring the
absentees to the bar of the House for its action.
The question was put on the resolution of
Mr. Sargent ; and there were—ayes 31, noes
112.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to reconsider;
and, pending that motion, I wish to make a
parliamentary inquiry. Suppose my motion
is carried, and we meet to morrow at ten
o'clock, will it then be in the power of the
House to suspend the rules?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. I am making a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But I
rise to a point of order. Did the gentleman
vote with the majority ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no
record of the vote.
Mr. SARGENT. I have a right to make a
parliamentary inquiry. Suppose the House
adjourns to a given hour to-morrow morning,
will it then be in the power of the House, until
twelve o'clock, to suspend the rules to take
up the pending measure?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands the legislative day of Monday to
continue until twelve o'clock on Tuesday,
unless the House adjourns before that time.
Mr. SARGENT. I so understand it, and
that is the theory of my motion. [Cries of
"No!" 'KNol"]
Mr. MAYNARD. You will let the call of
the House go for nothing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If you do
that, I will never stand by the Committee on
Appropriations again when they undertake to
filibuster.
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire whether two
hours would be a sufficiently long time to-mor-
row to receive the excuses of the members
brought to the bar ?
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it proper to " fight it
out on this line" if it takes all night? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SARGENT. I understood the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to say
that he would never stand by the Committee
on Appropriations again. I am not aware that
he ever stands by anything.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I said
when they want to filibuster.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think the com-
mitteearefilibustering. Iwithdraw the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will it be in order
to move to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Polaxd
in the chair.) That motion will not be in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask to be excused
from further attendance on the House to-day
on account of ill-health.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the gen-
tleman be excused from further attendance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that all further proceedings in the
call be dispensed with, that the House take a
recess until half past ten o'clock to-morrow
morning, and that the final vote on the joint
resolution be taken, after allowing one hour's
debate, at half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Many members on this
side of the House are absent from the Hall
getting a lunch, and I think we should wait
until they return. I therefore object to the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to the gentlemen
on the other side that if they will permit the
joint resolution to come before the House
to-day we will adjourn, and there shall be
one hour's debate upon it to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will say that the state-
ment I made to the gentleman a few moments
ago, that I thought that would be satisfactory,
was made in the absence of most of the gentle-
men on this side.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They will be here very
soon, and I will then consult them on that
proposition. I do not feel authorized to say
in their behall that it will be satisfactory until
they come in.
The Sergeant at-Arms appeared at the bar
and said: Mr. Speaker, in obedience to the
order of the House, I noiv have Mr. Newsham
in custody at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. New-
sham, you have been absent from the sessions
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. NEWSHAM. I would say that I was
called out just before dark to see a child, the
only child I have, who is very sick, and in the
discharge of my parental duty to'that child I
was absent.
Mr. TWICHELL. That is a very good ex-
cuse. I move that the gentleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Newsham] be excused
from further attendance upon to-day's session
of the House. I understand that the sickness
of the child is so severe as to require the
attendance of the father.
The motion was agreed to.
