180
THE CONGBBSSIQKAL GLOBE.
December 19,
the same bookseller, who had refused to have
anything to do with hia report, had been to
the Public Printer, and under thia provision
had got just as many copies as he pleased
stricken off for the cost of paper and press-
work, and was thus enabled to undersell the
origiual article. If you will look into this
matter you will find that everyone of the decis-
ions of the Court of Claims has been procured
in this way in large numbers by booksellers
who offer them for sale. And not only those
decisions, but anything else that will sell in
the country, is obtained in that way by any
outside party, who, under this law, goes to the
Government Printing Office and gets just as
much printing done as he pleases by merely
paying the cost of paper and press-work.
Proprietors of newspapers in the country who
are authorized to publish the laws come here
and get a portion of the edition printed at the
Government, Printing Office struck off with the
name of the paper and the word " extra " at
the top. the identical pamphlet printed here by
order of Congress, and have them sent to them
under somebody's frank, and then distribute
them among their own subscribers instead of
their own paper. Then they come hereto the
State Depaitment and obtain pay for publish-
ing the laws in their papers. In brief, the
Public Printer is overwhelmed with work for
the booksei lei sand newspaper publishers of the
country, so far as we order anything to be
punted which will sell in their stores or for
which they can obtain pay. r
We are now culled upon this year to enlarge
the Government Printing Office, and to increase
'lie appropriations for public printing more
than halt' a million dollars. And then it is
proposed that we shall continue to do work
for booksellers, &c , so that -they can under-
sell any private parties who may desire to
publish any of these works.
Mr. MAYXAUD. Will the gentleman per-
mit nie to ask him a question?
.Mr. DAWKS. Certainly.
Mr. MAYXAUD. Are tiie documents ob-
tained in tins way of the Government Printer,
or any portion ot them, the same that are re-
ferred to by the newspaper press as matter that
110 private patty will publish and that nobody
will buy?
Mr. DAWES. I refer the gentleman to the
letter ot ihe Public Ptinrer.
Mr. M AYNAIID. Will the gentleman from
Massachuseitsj.ilr. Dawes] state whether there
is any practical objection to the suggestion of
my friend lio n Arkansas, [\Jr. Roots?]
Mr. DAWES. The only practical objection
is this: that members of Congress will be iin-
poituned by every bookseller and every news
papei in the country to get documents printed
foi them, it would be open to that abuse.
3Ir. MAYNA11D. I do not suppose mem-
ber^ of Co.'igrr-^s would allow that to be done.
Air. SARGENT. I move to amend the
amendment, by sinking out the last word. As
3 understand, the amendment of thegentieman
from Aikansas [Mr, Roots] proposes that this
puviiege be taken away from everybody ex-
cept members of Congress, who shall have the
puviiege of ordering documents as heretofore.
Now, i wish to call attention to the fact that
this Executive Document No. 11, which has
been laid upon our desks within a day or two,
shows that, tins privilege has been largely
abused by members ot Congress themselves.
By reference to that document it will be found
thai in em beis have ordered documents at differ-
ent tirries to the value of two or three hundred
dollars and have never paid one cent, as the
law intended tiiev should. I do not know but,
ihete mav be a deiicacy on the part of public
officers situated as is the Congressional Pi inter
in leqiiinug members of Congress strictly to
pay such bids; nut 1 know that this document
shows that metnoers do not pay them, and the
result is that the Government loses the amount.
Therefore the exception proposed in favor of
members of Congress ought not to bo made.
Furthermore, the cost of this outside print-
ing done in this way at the Government Print-
ing Office far exceeds the amount which the
Government receives for it under the law as
it now stands. An additional expense of thirty-
five, fifty, or one hundred thousand dollars per
year—an expense which is growing every
year—is thrown upon the Government in con-
sequence of more and more advantage being
taken of these facilities by persons who flood
the Government Printing Office with orders for
this kind of work. Hence, it will conduce
greatly to economy to cut off this kind of print-
ing, and restrict the work of the Public Printer
to that legitimately ordered by Congress or the
different Departments. This problem is one
which this Congress or some subsequent Con-
gress must solve, unless we would have the
Government Printing Office costing a sum
which would astonish the people of the United
States when brought to their attention.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Chairman, 1 hope that
the pending paragraph will not be adopted
by the House; and I oppose its adoption in
the very interest advocated by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, the interest
of economy. This provision of law was en-
acted with the view to economy. I believe its
operation has resulted in economy, and that
its repeal would lead, not to a reduction, but
an increase of the public printing. As the law
now stands, any individual or firm in the land
has the right, when these publ.cations are going
through the press, to give orders to the Con-
gressional Printer, with the approval of the
Committee on Public Printing, for such a num-
ber of the documents as they may desire, which
are to be furnished at the actual cost. When
my friend from California [Mr. Saugext] tells
us that the Government is a loser by this pro-
vision I would like him to explain hov that
can be unless the gentleman would impugn the
fidelity of ihe Congressional Printer. That
officer is bound by law to charge lor all these
documents just what it costs the Government
to furnish tlieni: and I cannot, for my life see
how there is any possibility of such abuses as
should lead us to abolish a provision of law so
conducive, in my judgment, to .the interests of
the. Government.
Let me illustrate the workings of this law
It has been the custom of Congress to allow
to each member a certain number of Congres-
sional Directories. Under this law a great
many members desiring an extra number have
been allowed to go to the Government Printing
Office and procure them. iS'ovv, if members
are to be denied the privilege of procuring in
this way extra copies of any document they
may desire the natural result will be that Con-
gress will be asked to authorize the printing of
a larger number at the public expense. For
i my part, I hope that this paragraph will not
be adopted. I always hesitate to differ with
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations on questions supposed to involve the
interest of economy ; but I am so clearly satis-
fied in my own mind that he is in this case act-
ing against that interest that I am obliged to
take the position I do.
Mr. S ARGENT. I withdraw my amend-
ment to ihe amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I renew it. I trust that
neither the amendment, of the gentleman f:om
Arkansas [Mr. Hoots] nor the paragraph
itself will be adopted. The provision which it
is proposed to repeal is, in my view, one of the
wisest ever adopted with reference to our pubfic
printing. Before it was adopted there was a
constant pressure on members of Congress to
increase the appropriation and to increase the
number of books printed by the Government.
The purpose of adopting the provision sought
to be repealed was, where the number might
be limited, as required by law, that all beyond
tha number required by law should be paid for
by those who want them. Now, it ia clear that
no orders are given for additional copies of
these public documents unless they are popular
documents, that is, where they contain some
information the people want; and if the people
want it, then the booksellers and others will
order these extra copies and disseminate the
information these books contain among the
people at the people's expense. To repeal this
provision of the law, and to abolish the useful
practice which has grown up under it cf fur-
I nishing the people the official information they
I desire, is io say that the consequences shall be
what, they were before, and that pressure shall
again be made to increase the number of these
documents which are desirable, and those not
desirable shall be ordered to be printed in a
limited number. The public who will receive
the benefit of those which are desirable will
also haveto pay i'orthe expense of those which
are not desirable. I cannot conceive how our
expenses will be increased by retaining the
provisiou which is sought to be repealed.
Mr. Chairman, there is another reason why
the provision should not be repealed. There
are a great many people who want these docu-
ments m series and do not desire to bore mem-
bersof Congressforthem, and who leave stand-
ing orders, together with the niouej', with the
Public Printer for the purpose of having these
bonks forwarded as soon as printed to their
address. Thus, for public libraries and indi-
viduals collecting libraties for the purpose of
keeping up a documentary history of the Gov-
j! eminent, these books are printed at cost. The
provision of the law is iust this: that the Gov-
ernment p-ivs for type setting and working off
the fifteen hundred copies punted for the pub-
lic use, and that type being standing, and the
presses ready, and the workmen ready to fill
other orders, they go on to do the woik, pro-
vided the cost is paid ; and that cost includes
not only the wages of those who are employed,
but the wear and tear of machinery, and every
other cost entering into the production of the
books, nntd they are delivered at the railway
station in thiscityto be sent to those who order
them. I withdraw my amendment.
.Mr, DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I have no de-
sire that the House shall take a step which will
increase the public expenses, and, if I under-
stand anything about the public expenditures,
while 1 hold that it is a legitunaiemid proper use
of the public money to erect an establish mem in
this city where public documents are to be
printed and distiibuted to the people, still in tne
way m which this thing is now carried on it is a
palpable perversion of the public money. Ail
the gentleman from Rhode Island said about
the deposit, of these documents in these libra-
ries is piovided for by Congress, and will be
provided for if this provision is stricken out.
The abuse here is this, that it enables booksellers
and publishers in the country to avail them-
selves of this privilege to obtain the publica-
tion of documents without paying for the set,
ting up of the type. That is the advantage of
this whole provision of law. It enable.-, them
to undersell in the market others who have to
pay for type setting. All the profit there is in
this expenditure goes into the pockets of the
booksellers. Head this letter over and you
will see that the booksellers of this city have
found out this fact, and, availing themselves
of the privilege of publishing documeniscalled
for by the people, and which the people will
buy, some of them have made fort nuesin selling
these public documents of the United States,
which they have obtained without paying foi
the setting up of the type.
The idea thatthis House of Representatives
will vote huge quantities to be piiuted at the
Public Printing OfiLe is a mistake. The time
has gone by when we are going in this House
to order larger amounts of public documents
merely for the use of the booksellers and wrap-
per-sellers and paper-makers of the country.
We have abolished the franking privilege, and
that will cut off any temptation to indulge in
