1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1GG9
The Sergeaxtat-Abms appeared at the bar
of the House, and said: Mr. Speaker, in obe-
dience to the order of the House, I have in
custody at the bar of the House Mr. Logan of
Illinois.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Looax,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to give therefor ?
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, at the time I left
I thought ihe House had adjourned. 1 believed
we had voted in favor of adjournment, and I
took my overcoat and left the Hall. I thought
the House was a sober and dignified body and
would not go back on itself, and so I retired.
Finding, however, that the House changed its
opinion after I left, upon notice from the
Sergeant-at-Arms I came up to see what yon
were doing. I have no excuse but that to
offer.
Mr. FERRISS. I move that the gentleman
be excused.
ill'- DAWES. Upon that question I call for
a division; not that I am opposed to excus-
ing the gentleman.
The motion to excuse Mr. Logan was agreed
to upon a division—ayes 120, no 1.
Mr. DAWES. That vote shows a quorum
present and voting. I will therefore move that
all further proceedings under the call be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to, upon a division—
ayes 113, noes 16.
The question recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. If that motion shall be agreed
to, so as to bring the joint resolution before the
House, I will consent to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ARNELL. I hope not; let the matter
be disposed of to-night.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope thegentleman will
allow this side of the House an opportunity to
say why they have resorted to these proceed-
ings to oppose this proposition.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to allow gentle-
men on the other side reasonable time to debate
this proposition if they will indicate what time
will suit them.
Several Members. To-night.
Mr. DAWES. If gentlemen are ready to
debate the proposition to night, I am ready to
dispose of it before we adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the gentle-
man to say that he will give us on this side an
opportunity to explain why we have opposed
this proposition.
Mr. COX. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. JUDD. I move the House adjourn.
Mr. COX. I wish to put a parliamentary
inquiry to the Chair, with the view of disposing
of the business of this House in a proper way.
I want to know in what position the adoption
of the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will leave this joint resolution?
Mr. J ODD. I rise to a point of order. Is
a motion to adjourn in order?
Mr. COX. Not while I am or tho floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man, from Massachusetts [Mr, Dawesj was
upon the floor on a motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. COX. What is the distinct proposition
of the gentleman? I presume he does not
want to take any snap judgment upon us.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts will state his motion.
Mr. DAWES. My motion is to suspend the
rnles, and bring before the House for consid-
eration the joint resolution now upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. MAYNARD. And-upon that question
the yeas and nays hare been ordered.
Mr. DAWES. The yeas and nays having
been ordered upon the question, nothing is in
order, I presume, but a call of the roll.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether he yields
to me? _
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
4 1st c<m. 3d sbss.—no. 64.
gentleman from Massachusetts yield to thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania?
Several members objected.
Mr. COX. I desire to put a question to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Upon the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. COX. I understood the Chair to rec-
ognize me.
Several Members. Call the roll!
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. COX. 1 ask of the Chair the privilege
of putting a parliamentary inquiry as to the
proper conduct of business in this House. I ask
the Chair a respoctful question : in what posi-
tion will this bill be left if the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
be adopted ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
is to bring the bill before the House.
Mr. COX. For action now or action to-
morrow ?
Several Members. Now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is for the
House to determine.
Mr. COX. I do not think members under-,
stand what they are doing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 122, nay 1. not voting 115 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper. Atwood, Axtcll, Bailey, Barry, Beatty, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bethuue, Bingham, Blair, George M.
Brooks Buck, Buckley, Baffmton, Burcharcl, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, KoderickK. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Cnurchill, William T. Clark. Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn. Conger, Cook.Cowles, l)ar-
rall, Dawes, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Hathan F.
Dixon. Donley, Duval, Dyer, Eln, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Finkelnburg, Fisher. Hay, Hays, Ileflin, Hoar,
Hoge, Holmes, Hotchkis-^ Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Keisey,
Ketcham, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Long.
Loughridge, Maynard,McCarthy, McCrary, MeGrew,
MeKee, Mereur, Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Bainey, Sargent,
Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks. Lionet A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes, j
Wallace. CadwaladerC. Wasb burn, Willifun B.Wasli.-
bnrn, Wilkinson, Wiliard, Williams, John T.Wilson.
Winans, \VHolier, and Wolf—122.
NAYS-Mr. Hawkins—1.
XOr VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer,
Ayer, Banks, Baraum, Beaman, Beck. Benjamin,
Biggs, Bird, Boles, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Conner. Corker, Cox, Crebs, Uulloui, Dickey, Dick-
inson, Dockery, Dot, Duke, Eidndge. Ferry, Fitch.
l*ox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan. Griswold,
Haight, llaldeiuan, Hale, Hainbleton, U.jniill, Ham-
ilton. Harris, Hawley, Hill, Holman, Hooper. Tn-
gersoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Laflm, Lewis. Lvnch, Manning, Marshall, Mayham,
JlcCoruiick, Melvenzie, McNeely, Milnes, Jesse B.
Moore, Morey. Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morris-
sey, Mitogen, Myers, Nowsham, Kibiaok, Halberfc E.
Paine,William W. Paine, Peck. Perce. Potter,Price,
Randall. Reeves,Bice, Rogers,/loots, Sanford, Sebu-
maker, Sherrod, Shober. Sloeurn, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthm ston C. Smith. Stark-
weather, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney*
S.vpher, Taylor, Trimble, Van Auken. Van Trump,
Van Wyuk.Voorhces, Ward.Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—116.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended for the purpose
stated.
During the vote,
Mr. ORTH rose to vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was thegentleman with-
in the bar before the last name was called?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is for
eacii member to decide for himself.
SIr. ORTII voted in the affirmative.
Mr. McCRARY rose to vote.
Mr. McNEELY. I object tothe gentleman
from Iowa having his vote recorded; and I also
object to the vote of thegentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Orth] being recorded, for neither
of them waswithinthebar when his name was
called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The vote of
each member is accepted on his own assurance
that he was within the bar when his name was
called.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask a parliament*
ary question. Can the Chair recognize a gen-
tleman who is absent? The gentleman from
Illinois is absent on this vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
has been decided.
Mr. FOX. Announce the vote.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to be heard.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is debate in order during
a division of the House?
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is already attending to onepoint of order. The
gentleman from Massachusetts is calling his
attention to one of the rules of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Then let the gentleman
state his point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I made the point that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McNeely] being
in his seat when the roll was called, did not vote.
Mr. RANDALL. What can you make out
of that?
Mr. McNEELY. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has no right to refer to that, for he
does not know whether I was in the bar of the
House when the last name was called or not.
I know the other two members were not. Yet
the Speaker holds that no member has a right
to raise that point.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How do you know that,
unless you were here yourself?
Mr. McNEELY. That is my business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. To what rule
does the gentleman refer ?
Mr. DAWES. Rule 21, page 168 of the
Manual.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate. It
was denied to me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not in order to
announce the vote after the canvass has been
gone through with ?
The SPEAKERj>ro tempore. The vote has
not yet been taken.
Mr. LOGAN. I risetoa question of order.
No gentleman, sir, can appear in this House
by proxy, A member whose name does not
appear upon this roll-call is absent, and no
member so absent can appear here to raise
questions of order.
Mr. COX. That is not an original idea.
Mr. LOGAN. Can members vote by proxy?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the rule referred toby the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Every member who shall be in the llouse when
a question is put shall give his vote unless the House
excuse him."
Mr. DAWES. I now desire the ruling of
the Chair on my point of order.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The vote will
be announced before the Chair entertains any
point of order.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now let us adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. Oh, no; let us put the bill
through to-night.
Mr, DAWES. What is the decision of the
Chair on my point of order?
The SPE AKERjpro tempore. I understood
the gentleman to withdraw it.
Mr. DAWES. I have been streaming oat
at the top of my voice insisting upon a decision
on my point.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not exactly understand what point the
gentleman from Massachusetts desires to have
decided.
Mr. DAWES. I wantthe rules of the House
enforced.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish the Chair would
enforce the rules, for some of tbem have just
been violated.
Mr. POX. If gentlemen had not come in
