1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
and had their votes recorded against the rules
I presume the Chair never would have an-
nounced rhe vote until a quorum was present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will leave the question to be determined when
the Speaker of the House is in the chair.
Mr. DAWES. The bill is now before the
House, and i move to amend by striking" out
"§10,000" and inserting "$20,000r" and
demand the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move to lay the bill on
the table. We wish to be heard.
Mr. DAWES. I move to so suspend the
rules as to pass the bill with an amendment
making the appropriation $20,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the bill and
amendment be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not in
order pending a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I move, that the House
do now adjourn. ' - '
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I wish
to make the point of order on the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] thathe moved
an amendment to the bill before he moved to
suspend the rules, which was neverwithdrawn.'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tne amend-
ment is pending. The motion is to suspend the
rules so as topass the bill with this amendment.
Mr. COX. I hope the Chair will cause
members to be seated, so that the House may
understand what is going on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Geatlemen
will please resume their seats.
Mr. COX. There is no order and no de-
cency in this legislation, and the people will
ho regard it.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. The point of order I de-
sire to make i% that the gentleman froin Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose of bringing before the
House an appropriation bill with an amendment
that was agreed to by a vote of two thirds  
Mr. DAWES. And then I made another
motion.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes; and then I make
my motion that the House do now adjourn, on
which motion I desire to have the- yeas and
nays. Now, I will state frankly to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that
my object is to secure some time to explain
to the House and to the country the reasons
why we oppose his bill.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken
in regard to the matter of allowing time.
With the leave of the Chair I will state that
I have tried for the space of an hour to give
the gentleman an opportunity of discussing
the resolution, and he himself resisted it.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir} the gentleman
is entirely mistaken.
Mr. DAWES. That was my understanding.
Mr. RANDALL. I have risen on half a
dozen occasions this evening to be heard on
the lull, but have not been allowed.
1 he question recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 he question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 122, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Beck,
hum. McNeeloy, Morgan, William W. Paine, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Shcrrod, Shober, Slocum, Stiles,
Trimble, Van Auken. Van Trump, Voorhees, Win-
chester. and Young—
NAYi>—Messrs. Ambler. A roes, Armstrong, Ar-
neil, A>j)er. Atwood. Axtcii, J3 uley, Birry, Beatty,
Lennett, Benton, Bct,hunr\ Bingnam, George M.
Biook*, Buck, Buckley, Bulmuou, Burcnard, Bur-
den, Benj.imio F. But ler, Knd'-i irk 11. Butler, Cake,
Ce-sna. Churchill, William T. Giai k. Amasa Cobb.
Ciinton li. Cobb. Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cowle*,
Darrall/pawes, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F.
Dixoji, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Kin, Ferriss, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Hay, Hays, lioflin, Hoar, «oge,
Holmes, Hotebkiss, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Jadd, Julian, Keiiey, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Kuapp, Lawrence. Losran, Long, Loughridge, Me-
nard, McCarthy, MeCrary, MeGrew, McKee, Mer-
cur, Enakim H. Moore, William Moore, Morphis,
Daniel J, Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Ortb,
Packard, Packer. Palmer. Peters, Phelps. Piatt,
Pomer y, Porter, Prosser, Bainey, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield* Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Twiohell, Tyner. Upson,Van Horn,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wells, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and Wolf—122.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ayer, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyd,
Burr, Sidney,Clarke, Cleveland, Corker, Cullom,
Dickey. Dockery, Dox, Duke. Farnsworth, Ferry,
Fitch, Garfield, Gibson, GrlfiHan, Griswold, Halde-
man. Hale. Hambleton, Hamili, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawley, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Ingersoli, Johnson,
Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lynch. Marshall. Mc-
Cormick, McKenzierMitoes. Jesse H. Moore, Morey,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Newsham,
Niblack, Halbert E. Paine, Peck, Terce, Poland,
Potter, Price, Rogers, Roots. Schumaker. Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Sypher, Taylor. Van Wyck, Ward. Welker, Wheel-
er, Whitmore, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—79.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Dawes's
motion to suspend the rules, so as to pass the
joint resolution, with an amendment to strike
out "$10,000" and insert "$20,000/'
Mr. RANDALL called for theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 121, nays 44, not voting 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Barry, Beatty, Bennett,
Benton. Bethune, Bingham, Blair, George AI. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffioton, Burehard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger. Cook, Cowries, Darrall,
Dawes, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
iisher, Garfield, Hay, Hays, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes,
Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp. Lawrence, Logan, Long,
Loughndge. Maynard, McCarthy, McCrarv, Mc-
<-rrew, McKee, Mercur, Bliakim II. Moore, William
Moore, Morey. Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Potneroy, Porter,
Prosser, Rainey, Sanford, Sargent,Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Twicheil, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Wallace, Cadwaladar C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T.
n j]son,^Winaos, Witcher, and Wolf—1^1.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, B.imuin,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Calkin,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Duke,. Bldridge,
Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hawkins,
ihomas L. Jones, Lewis, Mauning, Marshall, May-
ham, McNeely, Morgan, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, Stiles, Swann, Sweeney,
Xnmble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Win-
chester, and Yonng—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ayer, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Burr, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cleveland. Corker, Cullom, Dickey,
Dockery, Dox, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fitch, Gib.-'on,
(rilfillan, Hale, Hambleton, Ilaraill,Hamilton. Har-
ris, HawJey, Hefiin, Hill, Holman. Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoli, Johnson, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
Lanm, Lflsh, Lynch, McCormick, McKenzie, Miines,
Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissev. Mun-
g^n, Newsham, Niblack. Halbert K Paine, William
W. Paine, Peck, Perce, Potter, Price, Rogers, Roots,
Schumaker, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stone, Strader, Sypher, Tay-
lor, Van Wyck, Ward, Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—74.
So (two thirds votingin favorthereof) thejoinfe
resolution was passed, with the amendment.
Mr. STILES. After this I think we ought
to adjourn; and I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed toj and (at eight
o'clock and fifty minutes p.m.) the-House
adjourned.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees;
By Mr. AMBLER: A petition of tobacco-
nists of Salem, Columbiana county, Ohio,
praying the abolition of the special tax on
retailers of tobacco.
By Mr. ARNELL; The petitions of J. E.
Henderson and others, of Arkansas; of 61
citizens of Savannah, Tennessee: and of 43
citizens of Rutherford, North Carolina, asking
aid for the establishment of common schools
in the southern States.
Also, the petition of the Davidson County
Society of Homeopathic Physicians of the
State of Tennessee, asking for the establish-
ment of a national university at Washington,
Districtof Columbia, wherein homeopathy may
be recognized in its medical department.
Also, the petition of N. B. Holden and 115
others, citizens of Marshall county, Tennessee,
asking aid for common schools at the South.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Caro-
lina, who cannot write, asking for the inestima-
ble blessing of common schools.
Also, a petition of 85 citizens of North Caro-
lina, askingaid for common schools at the South.
Also, a similar petition from 26 citizens of
Lewisburg, Tennessee.
Also, a similar petition from 38 citizens of
North Carolina.
^A'lso, a similar petition from 21 citizens of
North Carolina.
Also, a similar petition from 26 citizens of
North Carolina.
Also, a similar petition from 44 citizens of
North Carolina.
Also, the petition of John McMillan, asking
relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of David M. Scott, asking
for relief from his political disabilities.
By Mr. AYER: The petition of Wat H. Tyler,
of Westmoreland county, Virginia, praving for
the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of A. B.
Maynard and others, officers of the Federal
court of the eastern districtof Michigan, pray-
ing for increase oF the compensation of crier
and bailiffs of said court.
By Mr. BOOKER: A petition of 112 citi-
zens of Pittsylvania county, Virginia, praying
for investigation into the conduct of Major Gen-
eral E. R. S. Canby, in regard to the appoint-
ment of William Leahy as sheriff of that county,
and for relief for the amount of said Leahy's
defalcation as sheriff.
By Mr. BUFFlN 1'ON: The memorial of J.
A. Vineberger and 532 others, citizens of the
Districtof Columbia, asking for an appropria-
tion for removing the deposit on the city side
of the Potomaa river.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of Dr.
G. D. McManus and 216 others, citizens of
Oswego, New York, for the establishment of
a chair of homeopathy in the national uni-
versity proposed to be established in Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: A peti-
tion of representatives of the North Carolina
yearly meeting of the Socieiy of Friends, ask-
ing temporary aid irom the Government of the
United States for educational purposes in
North Carolina.
By Mr. COOK: A memorial of assistant
marshals for taking the census, asking lbr
additional compensation.
t Also, a memorial of crier and bailiffs of the
circuit courtof the United States for the north-
ern district of Illinois, asking for increase of
compensation.
Also, a similar memorial from the crier and
bailiffs of the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of Illinois.
By Mr. LOUGHRIDGE: A petition for the
relief of Martin Eikenberry,
By Mr. MORGAN : The memorial of Lewis
Masquerier and numerous others, citizens of
East Brooklyn, Long Island, praying Congress
for the enactment of a law to prevent the
further absorption of the public lands of the
United States by railroad or other corporations,
and to have the residue of the said public
domain forever set apart for the exclusive use
of actual settlers, in limited quantities.
Also, ihe petition of Carl (jr. Freudenberg,
captain United States Army, for retirement as
lieutenant colonel,
