1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of J. A.
Dougherty & .Sons, John Gibson, Son & Co.,
William H. Kirkpatrick & Co., Brooke, Colket.
<% Co., William Brice & Co., Henry Wallace
& Co., Henry S. Hmitiis & Co., Jacob Cauff-
inatin & Son?, Mitchell & Alien, llalback
& Seiger, H. II. N. Catherwood, H. & A.
Van Beil, Samuel Bispham & Sons, Gibson,
Rockafellow & Co., George Van Dike & Co.,
William Anderson & Co., Henry Huddy & Co.,
A. J. Gallagher, Casper Heft, Dunton & Lus-
suii. J. S. Bamberger, and 39 others, commis-
sion merchants, wholesale liquor dealers, and
lectiliersof raw spirits in Philadelphia, urging
the repeal of the one per cent, tax on sales of
spirits.
By Mr. N1BLACK: A memorial of a
large number of persons, citizens of Knox,
Gibson, Posey, and Vauderburg counties, in
the State of Indiana, praying for the improve-
ment of the Wabash river.
By Mr. PAINE, of Georgia: The memo-
rial of Philip M. Russell, of the county of
Chatham, State of Georgia, for the removal
of political disabilities.
Also, the memorial of Abraham D. Eaton,
of the county of Tatnall, State of Georgia,
for the removal of political disabilities.
Also, the memorial ofEdward W. Solomons,
of the county of Effingham, State of Georgia,
for the removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. PROSSER: A memorial of the
trustees of the American Printing House for
the Blind, Louisville, Kentucky, against the
passage of a bill to establish and endow the
American Printing House for the Blind and
University for the Blind in the District of
Columbia.
Also, the petition of J. & L. Whorley and
othiTR, merchants of Nashville, asking a repeal
of the tax on sales of tobacco.
Also, a petition of the Republican mem-
bers of the Tennessee Legislature, praying for
1 lie removal of the legal and political disabili-
ties of R. B Cheatham, of Nashville, Tennessee.
By Mr. STEVENSON : Resolutions of the
oily council of Cincinnati, protesting against
the construction of the Newport and Cincin-
nati bridge on the present plan, and praying
for a modification so as to raise it to such a
height as not to interfere with navigation.
By Mr. TILLMAN : The petition of Z. L.
Clarke, of Lincoln county, Tennessee, for
ivmov.il of disabilities.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: Four petitions signed
liy 364 citizens of Chester county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying Congress to make provision in the
chatter of the national university for a profes-
sorship of homeopathy in said university.
Also, petition of the Homeopathic Medical
Societies of Chester, Delaware, and Mont-
gomery counties, in Pennsylvania, containing a
;;iimlar pra\er.
liy Mr. VOOUIIEES: A memorial of 103
citizens of Vigo, Parke, Vermilion, and Sul-
livan counties, Indiana, praying tor an appro-
priation to improve the Wabash river.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A memorial from
the Board of Trade, Louisville. Kentucky, in
behalf of harbor improvement at the mouth
of the Mississippi river.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 7, 1S71.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man', I). D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
rend and approved.
HOUSE BILI.S REFERItED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives yesterday, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Territories;
A bill (II. II. No. 2504) to provide for the
reapportionment of the members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado;
k bill (II. Ii No. 2001) to repeal an agt of
the Legislature of Wyoming Territory appor-
tioning said Territory for members of the
council and house of representatives of the
territorial Legislature;
A bill (H. R. No. 2838) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Wyoming,"
approved July 25, 1868;
A bill (H. 11. No. 2939) in relation to char-
ters and incorporations in the Territories of
the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 2940) in relation to the
fees and compensation of United States attor-
neys, marshals, and clerks in the Territories
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 2941) regulating the com-
pensation of members and officers of the Legis-
lative Assemblies of the several Territories of
the United States, and limiting the duration
of said Assemblies;
A bill (H. It. No. 2943) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of
Montana Territory; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2944) to provide a tem-
porary organization for the territory of Alaska.
The joint, resolution (H. R. No. 498) for the
relief of John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin H.
Webster, the present and former collector of
customs at Baltimore, late United States desig-
nated depositaries, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 2942) relating to the
entry of public lands in the Territories of the
United States was read twice bv its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill came
from the Committee on the Territories in the
House of Representatives. To which commit-
tee shall it be referred in the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it ought to go te
the Committee on Public Lands.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so referred.
'Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
presents a bill, which he was desired to reserve
until this morning, the bill (H. 11. No. 2930)
for the relief of Charles Cooper, Goshorn A.
Jones, Jerome Rowley, William Hanuegan,
and John Hannegan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that bill had bet-
ter be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I have read the House report, and I
am not quite satisfied that this judgment ought
| to be discharged : and yet I do not have any
1 impression adverse to the bill. I think it had
i better be investigated.
! Mr. SHERMAN. I only wish to state that
a bill for the relief of these parties passed both
Houses at the last session, and the President
sent it back to us with two objections. This |
bill is intended to obviate those objections. It
was reported by the Judiciary Committee of
the House, and passed there after debate ; but
if the Senator desires to look into it further I
have no objection to its reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will he
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS AND .MEMORIALS.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Texas, in favor of
increased mail facilities in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Z. P.
II. Farr, of Little Rock, Arkansas, praying
the removal of his political disabilities: which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Napoleon, on the Republican river,
Nebraska, praying the establishment of a mail
rouio from Fort Kearney to Napoleon, in Lin-
coln county; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Robert
A. Minnis, of Aberdeen, Mississippi, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the seleet Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. VICKERS. I present a petition from
sixty-seven members of the bar of this city
in favor of Hon. \V. F. Purcell, late judge of
the orphans' court, praying the Congress of
the United States to pay him a salary of $2,500
during his life, because of his long and well-
tried services on the bench. I understand that
the prime of the life of this individual has been
passed in the orphans' court, and that notwith-
standing many million dollars have passed
under his review in his administration of that
office, not a single dollar has ever been lost,
either to the widows or to the orphans, and in
his old age the members of the bar desire that
some remuneration be made to him. A pre-
cedent has already been set by an allowance to "
the retiring justices of the Supreme Court of
the United States. I move that this petition
be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I present the petition of a large
number of citizens of the State of Kansas,
representing that the cattle trade between ihe
States of Kansas and Texas, covering some
four hundred thousand head annually, is seri-
ously embarrassed by the Indians along the
route collecting tribute for the passage of
cattle. These petitioners ask that a strip of
country through the Indian territory, some ten
miles in width, be neutralized for the passage
of this trade. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented a memotial
of citizens of Tennessee, praying the interpo-
sition of Congress in behalf of the oppressed
loyalists of that State ; which was referred to
the select committee on alleged outrages in
southern States, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of E. H.
Matthews and others, citizens* of East Ten-
nessee, relating to the enforcement of the laws
in the southern States, and praying certain
action of Congress in their behalf; which was
referred to the select committee on alleged
outrages in the southern States, and ordered
to be printed.
GEORGE CIIORPKNXIXG.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the Senate now to
take up the joint resolution (EI. It. No. 209)
authorizing the Secretary of War to audit and
pay the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal
citizen of Tennessee. ,
I The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are now in order. Senators have risen
with reports, which is in the nature of anobjee-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 479) repealing
the joint resolution approved July 1-5, 1870,
entitled "Joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of
George Chorpenning," have unanimously in-
structed me to report it back and recommend
its passage; and accompanying the joint reso-
lution is a written report, which I ask to have
printed. If there be no objection, the resolu-
tion may be put on its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be ordered to be printed. The Senator from
Minnesota asks for the present consideration
of the joint resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
Mr. PQMEROY. I desire to have the res-
olution acted upon, but I want to have the
report read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If not objected
to, the'joint resolution is before the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, and the Senator
from Kansas desires that the report be read.
Mr. POMBROY. It is very short, and [
think it ought to be read, because considerable
has feeeti said about this case. The report
shows that the Postmaster General is entirely
