186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
of t.he lyhole Calendar and of every case upon
it before they cease the call of the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oil the motion of the Senator from California,
to continue the consideration of the question
which was pending at one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, as the yeas
and nays are to be taken, I will say a word
before this vote is taken. I hope the motion
•will not receive the assent of the Senate. I
still want the Senate to determine a question
which, it seems to me, it has considered long
enough in order to be prepared to pass upon
it. I think that is the true way to make pro-
gress with the business of the Senate. I am
extremely reluctant to stand in the way of the
motion submitted here by the Senator from
Indiana. He knows very well that at any
time and at all times I should be prepared to
support that motion when I thought I could
do so without doing very great and flagrant
injustice 
Mr. EDMUNDS. To Dr. Best.
Mr. HOWE. "ToDr.Best," inteijectsmy
friend from Vermont. Yes, sir, to Dr. Best,
or to some other'American citizen. Dr. Best
happens to be the very one now upon whom I
think this postponement would inflict a flagrant
injustice. I know it seems a little like bad taste
to bring before the attention of the Senate the
claim of an individual when such great and
momentous questions as the acquisition of San
Domingo or the regulation ot' the duties on
muscovado sugar claim its attention. I am
very reluctant to stand in the way of consid-
ering either of those questions, and my only
excuse for doing so at this time is that I think
the Senate has not helped me, I will say—per-
haps the Committee on Claims I ought to say—
to secure an adjudication of this little question
pending here on the bill for the relief of J.
Milton Best.
I suppose it is hopeless to ask or to expect
the Senate to give ear to such a petition as this,
when these apparently greater questions are
urged upon its consideration ; but I must ask
for it. I must do all that I can to persuade the
Senate that the quickest way to determine the
San Domingo question and the sugar question
and all other questions now on your Calendar,
or to be placed upon it, is to honestly address
yourselves to the disposition of such questions
as are presented to you in the order in which
they are presented; when you fairly under-
stand them vote upon them, pass your bills
or reject theirij and then go to the considera-
tion of something else.
But, as I have said once or twice before, and
have occasion to reiterate now, it does seem to
me, and it has seemed to me, as though there
was a settled determination to prevent a vote on
this bill. The Senator from Ohio, who is now
in great distress over the sugar question, told
us yesterday that it was of no use to go on with
this; that if it was not postponed yesterday it
would be some other day; as much as to say,
"You cannot have a vote upon the bill.'' I
suppose he spoke in the spirit of prophecy.
What he predicted then I suppose will be real-
ized to-day, or on some other day. But still
I deem it proper, before the vote is taken 011
this motion, to say a few words, which I hope
will bring to the understanding' of the Senate
what this question really is which you are asked
to postpone. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Coxkling] said the other day that if this
bill was to pass he wished the Senate to under-
stand what it was that they were going to pass.
In that same spirit I say to-day that if the Sen-
ate is going to refuse to pass this bill, or is
going to postpone the further consideration of
it, I want them to understand what it is that
they are going to postpone or what it is that they
are going to refuse to pay.
Mr. President, the character of this bill has
been stated repeatedly by Senators, and mostly
in the negative. A grc-u many Souators have
stood upon their feet here to assure the Senate
that this was not a bill to pay for private prop-
erty taken for.the public use. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] and his colleague,
[Mr. Chandler,] the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conkling,] the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Mortox,] and other Senators, have as-
serted that. If I know anything about this
bill—and I think I know all about it—it is, on
the contrary, a bill which comes within the
letter of your Constitution, and the claim pro-
vided for in this bill is a claim as strictly pro-
vided for in your Constitution as any claim
which was ever laid before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Wisconsin, as his
attention has been directed to the current of
the debate to-day, that the pending motion is
the motion of the Senator from California to
continue the consideration ofthe question which
was pending when the hour of one o'clock
arrived. If the bill for the relief of J. Milton
Best and its specific merits are before the body,
then all the bills on the Calendar are, because
it comes up in pursuance of a rule requiring
all the bills on the Calendar not objected to to
be taken up. The Chair thinks the debate
must be narrower than that indicated now by
the Senator from Wisconsin in his remarks.
The Chair, however, would prefer to wait till
Senators draw his attention to it, rather than
to make these suggestions, which are always
unpleasant when Senators are on the floor
desiring to speak.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that the bill for
the relief of J. Milton Best is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar is
before the Senate under the rule. The bill
for the relief of J. Milton Best is at the head
of the Calendar, and when its consideration
is resumed the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] is entitled to the floor on the merits of
the bill. In the remarks which he made upon
the pending motion he alluded generally to the
Calendar, which is certainly within the line of
debate; but specific debate in regard to this bill
is not in order upon the pending motion, the
motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. HOWE: If the Senator from Kentucky
claims the floor, of course I shall yield it to
him. I did not know that he was entitled to
it upon this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He took the
floor last evening, but did not claim it at one
o'clock to-day. The Senator from California
then took the floor, no one else claiming it,
when the Senator from Massachusetts took his
seat at one o'clock and made a motion which
is the pending motion before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. The question which I wish to
submit to the Chair is whether the bill for the
j; relief of J. Milton Best was not before the
jj Senate at one o'clock ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
state to the Senate that at one o'clock the
Calendar cameupunderthisspecificrule, which
the Chair now reads for the third time:
" And this order shall be enforced daily at one
o'clock till the end ot the Calendar, unless upon
motion the Senate should at any time otherwise
order."
Mr. HOWE. The Senate has notyet" other-
wise ordered."
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ But under that
rule the Senator from California moves, incom-
pliance with the rule itself, that the consider-
ation of the question pending at one o'clock
shall be continued, to allow which, the Chair
thinks, was probably the very intent of this
part of the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. How did he obtain the
floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He obtained it
by claiming it, no other Senator claiming it.
Mr. CONKLING. And by being recognized
by the Chair also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And by being rec
oguized by the Chair.
Mr, HOWE, Tiia Chair knows very well that
I shall treat its decisions with entire respect
when I comprehend them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not make the rules of the Senate; he only con-
strues what the Senator from Wisconsin and
other Senators have agreed to and provided 'for
his guidance.
Mr. HOWE. I am entirely satisfied with the
candor of the Chair, and I think I shall be
satisfied with its ruling. It still comes back
to the question whether or not 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin yield to the Senator from
Kentucky ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 beg leave to suggest to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin this point
direeted to the Chair: when the hou-r ot' one
arrived was it not the duty of the Chair to call
up the Calendar—to call up the case of Best,
upon which the Senate adjourned or went into
executive session last evening?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Kentucky will read the Globe to-morrow
morning he will see that the Chair did pre-
cisely what he states; that is, the Chair called
up the Calendar under the rule in regard to
the Calendar. At that moment the Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] rose and addressed
the Chair; 110 other Senator addressed him;
he recognized the Senator from California, and
that Senator made the pending motion under
the rule. The Senator from Kentucky was
conversing, the Chair thinks, at that time with
his colleague or some Senator near him.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that we vote
now, and that will settle this whole matter.
Let us take the vote 011 this question.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire of my friend
from Kansas if he means to vote immediately ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. It is a good thing to do, and I
advise him to proceed and vote. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRES1DEN T. The Senator from
Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand, then, the
ruling of the Chair, it is that the motion sub-
mitted by the Senator from California itself
displaces the bill which was the order at one
o'clock. Is that so?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin certainly does not comprehend the
Chair. He has not so decided. It is for the
Senate to determine. If the Senate agrees to
the motion, certainly it displaces that bill.
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly I know that if
the Senate agrees to the motion that displaces
the bill; and I supposed that if the Senate did
not vote in favor of the motion the bill was
not displaced, and that therefore it was open
to discussion just as it was yesterday when the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] moved to
postpone it, because that has been the motion
pending before the Senate and was all the
afternoon yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin confounds two motions. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moved formally to postpone
the bill for the relief of J. Milton Best, which
opened to consideration the whole question
and its merits, as the Chair stated yesterday.
This is a motion made under a specific rule,
in accordance with the language of the rule
adopted by the Senate, to determine whether
the Senate will proceed with the Calendar or
whether they will "otherwise order," and the
question now is, will they "otherwise order?"
Mr. HOWE. Then I repeat again that if I
understand the effect of the decision it is that
the motion does remove the bill from the con-
sideration of the Senate—the motion itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again read the rule, for the fourth time ;
"That this order shall be enforced claily'&t ono
o'clock"—
It does not stop there, but it reads thou—-
| "utiles upon million tho Semite should lit any
i time otlierwlso oidet,"
