1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
The Senator from California moved to "other-
wise Older" at exactly one o'clock, and there-
fore the Chair cannot enforce this rale ; and
it remains in abeyance until the Senate decide
whetherthey will or will not "otherwise order."
Mr. EDMUNDS. And on that the merits
of the bill are not open to debate.
Mr. HOWE. I know I was not mistaken in
one respect. _ I know that this bill is before the
Senate or it is not. I know that if it is before
the Senate I can discuss it. I know that if it
is not, it is simply because the Senator from
California interposed his motion. So I am not
mistaken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
correct in that hypothesis. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly I am. I was try-
ing to get at whether that was the hypothesis of
the Chair or not. [Laughter.] While I under-
stood the Clia.ii to deny that the motion did dis-
place the bill, I was utterly at a loss to know
Low it was displaced. Of course I acquiesce in
the decision of the Chair. I understand, then,
that I cannot go on and discuss this bill, and
1 cannot, therefore, show what reasons there
are growing out of the nature of the claim
itself why it should not be postponed. T will
not occupy the time of the Senate in discussing
this matter unless I can lay before the Senate
or have full opportunity to lay before theSenate
what the merits of the claim are. When I can
have such an opportunity, if I live to that day,
1 will try and show that an honester debt and
a more solemn one than this was never defeated
by any scoundrel in the United States or in any
other country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion of the
Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,] and the
Secret;;!'} will call the roll.
the question being taken by yeas and nays,
mulled—\eas SO, nays 2o ; as follows:
YFAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Dorcmun, Brown-
low, Cai penter, Chandler, Cole, Colliding, Corbctt,
FdimuuK Flanagan, Gilbei t, Hamlin, How-
ard, ilouell, Lewis. Morton, Nye, Osborn.Poroeroy,
Pool, [Sawyei. Sherman, Stewart, Thayer,
U'mu'T, W i:. and William.-.—30,
KAYS—-M<-■.- Bayard, .Buckingham, Casserly,
L'avis, iiannltun ol Maryland, Harris, Howe, John-
M<Cieer\, I\Iomit ol Vermont, Patterson,
Piari. J" ice, Hubert son, lloss, Sell it rz, Scott, Spragtie,
Riuehiun, Sumner, 'jjiurinan, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—
AB3FNT — Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Fenton, Ferry, Fowler. Hamilton ot' Texas, f 1 arIan,
iveilogg, AlcU'uiald, iVloirtll of Maine, Kamscy,
Sani-Uny, ,St)elieei, Trumoull, Wil&oli, Vy'iridoiu,
and Yates—]8.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seuatecon-
tinues the consideration of the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mohtox,] upon
which tlio Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ^HERMAN. 1 ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to give way to enable me to call
up at this time and have action upon the sugar
bt'l.
Toe VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is not yet taken up.
^tlv. SHERMAN. I thought it was taken up.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be taken up first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSeuator from
i.Ta-w chusetts is entitled to the floor on the
motion of the Semitoi from Indiana, and it is
fur hi in to yield if he chooses to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to dispose
of the sugar bill now.
Mr. SOMXER, I have not entirely finished
my lej'ily to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
IloWAUii;] but I have no objection to the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Bhemiax] proceeding
taiormaliy with his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should prefer todo that,
so as to get it out of the way. Let this bill
from the Committee on Finance be taken up
in formally and disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator f"o:u Indiana yield for that purpose? _
Mr MOiiJ'ON. "Ii' it takes but a short time
i v.i'.l iln so; but I piefer that the Senator
should
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be taken
up subject to a demand for the regular order,
if the Senator desires to qualify it in that way.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana will be passed over informally, subject to
a demand for the regular order, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill in regard to the duties
on sugar.
The motion was agi-eed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2530) to amend an
act entitled " An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July 14,
1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of
the letter from the Treasury Department which
1 send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Treasury Department.
Office of the Secretary,
December 10, 1970.
Sir: The examination which has been given by
officers of this Department and of thecustoms in the
principal importing cities of the country to so much
ot the act of July i-t, 18T0, as relates to the duties on
sugars renders it certain that there will be serious
difficulties in the execution of the law.
It is believed that the mode of sampling prescribed
furnishes an opportunity for frauds upon the reve-
nue, and I suggest, respectfully, that it bo so changed
in this particular as to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to make such regulations as the business
may require.
A more serious difficulty is found in the opinion
expressed by experts connected with the appraisers'
department at New York, tliat muscovado sugars, and
sugars thatliavc been subjected to treatment under
the centiifugal process, cannot be distinguished in
many cases. The evidence upon this point is such
that I am forced to believe that it will be exceedingly
difficult, if not impossible, for the Government to
successfully detend against suits that may be insti-
tuted 111 cases arising under this piovision. The most
efficient remedy seems to be a return to the former
practice of classifying sugars by the Dutch standard
ot color, and I therefore recommend such an alter-
ation ot the law as may seem to the committee cal-
culated to secure a classification upon that basis.
Very respectfully.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. Robert C. Sofienck. Chairman Committee of
Ways and Means, House of Kepresentativeti.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat what I said
yesterday, that the only effect of this bill is to
strike from the present law in the classification
of sugars the words "raw or muscovado," so
as to apply the Dutch standard of color to all
sugars, of every kind and grade. There are
some kinds of sugars that are not included in
the words " raw or muscovado for instance,
clayed sugars, which are of less value than
some of the muscovado sugars, and they are
excluded from the operation of the lower rates
of duty. That, and the change of provision in
regard to samples, are the only changes made
by this bill, and it conforms almost word for
word with the sugar schedules of the tariff law,
which weie very carefully examined at the last
session of Congress by the Senate Committee
on Finance and prepared by them. They
yielded to the introduction of the words " raw
or muscovado," and that has created an am-
biguity which we are now asked to remove,
in the present tariff law the words "raw or
muscovado'" are not inserted, but the words
used are "all sugars," so that the Dutch stand-
ard is applied to all sugais, whether brown or
clayed or refined. I do not think it is neces-
sary to go into any elaborate explanation of
the bill; but if Senators desire it 1 will explain
it further.
Mr. BAYARD. The effect of this proposed
amendment of the law, as 1 understand it, is
rather to increase the duty 011 sugar. That is
about the result of this bill.
j| Mr. SHERMAN. It will lower the duty on
j certain classes of clayed sugars and increase the
■ duty oil certain classes ot muscovado sugars.
I ara informed by a gentleman familiar with
it, the ehaiitnau of the Committee of Wnys
ii aud Means of the otU&r House, that on the
whole it is rather a reduction of the duty in
the aggregate.
Mr. BAYARD. It is very difficult to say
if the duties are increased upon some kinds of
sugar and decreased upon others what will be
the result; but the impression that I have de-
rived from the best information that I could
obtain is that the passage of this amendatory
bill will increase the duties about one quarter
of a cent a pound. There is this commentary
to be made upon the act of July last, and it
extends to the present amendatory act: that
Congress is apparently acting on a subject in
regard to which it has very little accurate in-
formation, and the reason why that informa-
tion lacks accuracy is that members obtain it
from the parties who are interested on either
side ill preventing them from learning the real
facts of the case.
The question of the adjustment of the duties
upon an article so largely consumed in the
United States as sugar is one of very great
importance to the people; it is one of very
great importance to an enormous interest in
our country connected with the refining of
sugars, and I think it is greatly to be regretted
that there has not been some more thorough
method of obtaining information in respect to
sugar, the grades of sugar, and some means of
fixing duties upon sugar that shall get rid of
the great, capacity for fraud which our present
laws contain.
This Dutch standard, of course, as the Sen-
ate know, is based upon color. The color is
caused by a variety of things, and chiefly by
the simple question of drainage—the drainage
of the discoloring matter, either of molasses
simply or of the refuse or of dirt in sugars,
until by draining and straining they become
white. The trouble is plainly this: when you
bring raw sugars or muscovado sugars into
market from the West India islands you must
determine the duty upon them by their color,
and the duty upon them must be ascertained
by samples; and the question of color and the
duty will again be entirely determined by what
portion of the package or hogshead you draw
your sample from. It is from the capacity for
fraud in that fact that the great trouble arises.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend is aware, no
doubt, as the matter was discussed at the last
session, that the mode of drawing the samples
now is from the top, middle, and bottom, mix-
ing them, and taking the mixture as a sample
of the whole.
Mr. BAYARD. That would undoubtedly
produce an average, provided you took the same
amount from each part of the hogshead. But
you intrust that matter to samplers. I do not
mean to impeach the character of any class of
men, however humble, who arc absent and can-
not defend themselves. But still you intrust that
portion of the ascertainment of your duties to
a very ordinary class of people, and there is no
doubt that it has been made worth their while,
and the investigation before the Committee on
Finance showed that it had been made worth
the while of the parties employed as govern-
mental samplers, to take their samples rather
from the lower than from the upper portion of
the hogshead.
I am not disposed rashly to pronounce against
the wisdom of this amendatory bill. One fact
that shall cause me to vote against it is the
impression which I have that it raisesthe duty
011 sugar, and to that I ara opposed. The tariff
is already too high on sugar, as it is on almost
everything else.
The next objection that I have is that it is
a change, and a change made suddenly. We
legislated on this subject six short months ago,
and now we are legislating again, and perhaps
before the session closes there will be a new
demand from some other of the parties inter-
ested that there shall again be a change in the
law.
Mr. SHERMAN, As I do not wish to reply
to my honorable friend, 1 wiil ;rifbrt>i him that
tlth is not a change, 'i'he !iiw that w ; passcu
