188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
at the last session does not take effect until the
1st of January, and this does not realty change
the law as it stands at present. The complaint
made at the Department is that the law of the
last session changes materially the present law.
Mr. BAYARD. I submitto my learned friend
that it does change the law, and in each case
the commentary is the same : what we thought
was right in July is wrong in December. It
is the constant changes in the tariff that have
worked so much injury to the trade and com-
merce of this country. I am satisfied that it
would be better to allow, I will not say a bad
law, but a less perfect law, to remain on the
statute-book, and thus have the element of
stability, than to be constantly improving by
this species of legislative patching.
The moral I draw from all this is that spe-
cific duties on sugar would be far safer, far less
delusive, producing more to the revenue, with
less expense to the morals of the country, than
this system of ad valorem duties based upon
the standard of color. It would seem that 011
such a subject as this action on the part of the
Seuate could readily be delayed for a short
time until information of a reliable character
could be obtained throughout the country.
This is very early in the session. The inter-
ests in respect to refining sugars are very great.
There are processes to which one class of
sugars are applicable, and others that they
are totally unfitted for; and all these refinings
of sugar are upon sugars imported. I sub-
mit, therefore, to the discretion of the Senate
whether it would not be wiser to postpone this
new amendment to our tariff laws relative to
sugar until we shall have some more positive
information, some scheme that at least may
give promise of stability in our treatment of
tbis most important item ot'our revenue system.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think this whole matter
lies in a very small compass, if Senators will
give it their examination. As the chairman
of the Committee on Finance has stated, we
passed through the Senate at the last session
the sugar schedule precisely as it now is in this
bill. The committee of conference interjected
the words "raw or muscovado." Now, what
is the practical evil produced by that amend-
ment adopted by the committee of conference?
Under the old law we had but few rates on
sugar, not half as many as now. These rates
approach as near to a rate of ad valorem duty
as can possibly be. A variety of grades have
been made, and upon each grade a specific sum
on an ad valorem, principle has been imposed.
Then the committee of conference inserted the
words "raw or muscovado."
Mr. SHERMAN. They were put in by the
House originally, and the bill came to us in
that form.
Mr. HAMLIN. Thev were finally agreed
upon by the committee of conference at any
rate. What is the result? Your high-priced
sugars pay the highest rates of duty, and they
go down gradually until the lowest pay the
lowest rate of duty. In truth and in fact, by
the insertion of those words into that bill, yon
admit a class of sugars that are worth more
than those coming under the low rates of duty,
and yet they get 111 under those low rates of
duty, and it is impossible to draw a distinction
unless you leave the law precisely a/s it is and
apply the rule to all of them. There is the
whole of it. The clayed sugars also are not
entitled to the lower rates of duty under that
expression, while they are of a low price and
yet have to pay a higher rate of duty. This
bill allows the rates of duty to be lowered on
the clayed sugars, and it places the raw sugars
in the classification and makes the raw sugars
pay a duty according to their value. That is
the whole thing. I cannot see an earthly objec-
tion to the bill. It seems to me that it is just
what it oucht to bo and just what the Senate
' agreed upon before theaction of the committee
ot conference on the bill of the last session.
Mr. TIIURMAX. It'I understood thuchair-
man of the Committee 011 Finance correctly,
this bill will not increase the duty on any kind ji
of sugar beyond that imposed by the act ot |j
July i4, 18T0. Am I right in that? - <j
Mr. SHERMAN. Not exactly, because the ,
law as it now stands places the classification ;
of every sugar at No. 10, and consequently very 'i
fine qualities of muscovado sugar, worth even ^
more than refined sugar, may be admitted at a 'I
lower rate of duty than refined sugar itself in
quality. It will raise the rate of duty on mus- jj
covado sugar above No. 10 Dutch standard j ■>
but it applies to muscovado sugars the same ,|
rules of grade as to color and value that are j
applied to all other sugars, while it lowers the
rates of duty on clayed sugar, and allows the i
clayed sugar, which is neither raw nor mus-
covado, to come in at a lower rate.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the proportion ■
of one to the other that is imported?
Mr. SHERMAN. That 1 cannot state. I
have not that information, nor is it possible to 1
give it. Expecting that that question would
be asked me, I got a statement of our com- ,
merce and navigation, No. 29. Under the ,
old tariff there were two grades. We have no
data upon which to state precisely whether ,
more muscovado sugar is above the grade of :
No. 10 or below No. 10, and consequently I ;
am not able to state.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if this bill ;
! would not raise the duty on any kind of sugar
j I should cheerfully vote for it, and if I under-
i stood that its effect was to be simply to lower ,
the duty on some kinds and not raise it on any
other 1 would vote for it; but as it appears
now that it does raise the duty on one kind of '
sugar and lower it on another, and we are unable ;
to tell bow much of the one kind and how much j
of the other is imported into the country, and 1
therefore how much the people may be affected
by the bill if it shall pass, I think some further .
investigation by the committee would probably
be necessary, or at least advisable. I hope,
therefore, the suggestion of the Senator from
Delaware, that the matter be postponed, will
be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The information that my
colleague seeks it is not possible to obtain,
because there are no data and no returns on
the subject, and no law requiring them. But I
will simply say that this bill does apply one
uniform, general, equal, and fair rule to all
sugars, whether called muscovado, raw, clayed,
refined, or anything else: and that, I should
suppose, he would agree to.
Mr. MORRILL, ot Vermont. Mr. President,
at the last session of Congress this subject was
fully and thoroughly investigated, both by the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives and by the Committee on
Finance of the Senate, and the precise phrase-
ology that we have now before us in this bill
was then reported to the Senate and passed
the Senate. It is based entirely upon the
value of sugar according to the Dutch stand-
ard, a standard that is recognized throughout
the world as the most invariable that can be
adopted either in commerce or m tariffs. I do
not understand that this bill raises the tariff at
all on any sugar. There may possibly be some
sugars which under the existing law, as it now
stands, would get in at a trifling shade below
what they would under the duties now pro-
posed, or a shade higher, but it is manifestly
proper that this classification should be adopted
in relation to all sugars. If it is not the law,
j it cleaily ought to be. This bill will make it
j apply to every grade of sugar of all descrip-
\ tions, whether muscovado, clayed,or raw sugar,
i Certainly it seems to me that the request of the
' Department, to be relieved of the trouble of
I deciding whether a sugar is actually muscovado
! sugar or not, is one that the Senate cannot
] hesitate about, and especially when the biil
j ''mposes an equitable and just duty ; a duty that
! ought to be fixed and invariable, whether it is
1 or not. I trust there can be no objection to
I passing the bill.
j Mr. BAYARD. It was tuy impression that
the grade of No. 10 Dutch standard of color
is the very last at which sugar can be refined.
Sugar under No. 10 Dutch standard in color
needs refining before it can pass into use. The
mass of sugars used by the people of the coun-
try, the poorer classes, the masses, must be,
say, from No. 10 to No. 12 Dutch standard.
The effect of this bill, as I understand it as
explained Jjy the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, is that the duties are raised 011
grades of No. 10 Dutch standard and upward.
If that be the case, the tax falls directly upon
that class of the community who use unrefined
sugars as they are imported, which are over
No. 10 in color according to the Dutch stand-
ard. I believe that is the truth about it. There-
fore it may be said in reply to the question of
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
mast] that in effect there is an increase of duty
by this bill, and with it necessarily an increase
of price upon that class of sugar which, being
imported, passes directly without the process
of refinement into use by the masses of the
people. Is not that the case?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no information on
this subject except that to be derived from
public documents: but my impression is that
| nine tenths of all the sugars brought into this
I conntryare certainly under No. 12, and I think
j under No. 10, Dutch standard. In matters of
| this kind I donotliketo be positive, but I think
i that nine tenths of all the sugar brought into this
■ country are under No. 11 and under the rate
; proposed.
, Mr. BAYARD. 1 think it is increasing the
! cost of the necessaries of life if you raise the
i duties now 011 sugar commonly in use among
' the masses of the people.
1 Mr. SHERMAN. I am now prepared to
: state that ninety per cent., and perhaps ninety-
! five per cent. , of all the sugar brought into this
i country is under the grade of No. 12, because
i that is the only standard we had before. We
; cannot tell what there is between No. 10 and
j No. 12. At any rate, the same rule is to be
; applied to all.
; Mr. V1CKERS. Will it be in order to move
that this bill be referred to the Committee on
Finance?
ThePRESIDINCTOFFICER,(Mr. Edmcxds
in the chair.) Such a motion is in order.
Mr. VICKERS. I understand that this bill
came from the House of Representatives on
yesterday. It has not been referred to any
committee, and consequently no particular ex-
amination of it has been made. That it does
jj change the tariff on sugar to some extent is
j admitted. While it lowers the duty on what
j is called clayed, it certainly increases it upon
j the higher qualities of the muscovado sugar.
, Perhaps three fourths of the sugar imported
: into this country from Porto Rico is imported
. into the city of Baltimore, and I have a letter
| before me from a member of a large importing
' house in that city stating that the proposed
> change will increase the duty a quarter of a
|! cent a pound upon a large portion of the sugar
;i which is consumed in the West. 1 have in-
|i quired into the character and standing of this
i! house, and learn that it is one of the largest
importing houses in the city, of high character,
:! and that reliance can be placed upon any state-
|j ment which any member of the firm may make,
j! I therefore send to the Clerk a letter received
; from a member of the house to which 1 have
I refeired, and ask that it may be read for the
1 information of the Senate.
;; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
'l will be read if there he no objection.
ij The Chief Clerk read as follows;
i Baltimore, December 17,1870.
DeaeSir: I observe that Mr. Hooper stated that
j the iimcndmenc to act lit tela.ion to the duties on
[ sugars made no change in the Tai-itf. hut w;is reuom-
i mended by til e Secretary ot th <■ Treasury to overcome
existing dilticuUieh in the collection of the revenue.
Ji 1 do not see how ho eouldhave inside this slatemeut.
'1 as the amendment udds one <iuruu-r cent per pound
.1 on wore than three fourth-, ot stii the MiKiirsimported
into this oisy. and in particularly aimed ;.t the trodo
1, with l'orro liieo, which so largely centers here, and
