1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
We therefore report back the IIousc joint resolu-
tion with the following amendment, namely:
Strike out aJi after the word "Bishop," in the fifth i
line, and insert the following: " as a lieutenant com- •
Blander in the United States Navy."
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] whether this joint
resolution has been amended in accordance
with the recommendation made in the report?
Mr. SCOrr. It was intended so to be. The
recommendation was that the joint resolution
should he so amended.
Mr. HOWE. Let the amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment., which
was in lines five, six, and seven to strike out
the words *' late a lieutenant commander in
the United States Navy, to the place from
which he was dismissed," and to insert " as a
lieutenant commander in the United States
Navy so that the resolution will read :
Be it reioloed. &e.. That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, authorized to nom-
inate, and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to reappoint Joshua Bishop as a lieutenant
commander in the United States Navy.
The joint resolution was considered as in
Commiitee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. Does the resolution require
an examination by a board?
Mr. SCOTT. It requires an examination
by the President, and he is to be satisfied that
Lieutenant Bishop deserves to be reinstated ;
and if he is satisfied that he should be rein-
stated, it appoints him now to take his place
from this date. It does not give him the place
which he had at the time he was dismissed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the joint resolution
read a third time. The joint resolution was
read the third lime, and passed.
OliDEil OK BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the pending bill
be postponed. That is the only bill, I suppose,
which stands in the way of the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the only
one that stands iu the way of the execution of
the order for the day, being a specific order
for this day only.
Mr. HOWE. I move to postpone that bill.
The Senate will remember that this day was
set aside for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee 011 Claims, and will re-
member further that bills from that committee
have occupied almost no time during this ses-
sion. I think I ought to say one thing more,
and that is. that if the Senate will let the Com-
mittee on Claims have this day, before sunset
we shall leave the Treasury so poor that there
will he 110 disposition to indulge in the build-
ing of railroads. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. This day having
been set apart by the Senate for the considera-
tion of reports from the Committee on Claims,
and the unfinished business having piiority,
the Senator from Wisconsin moves to x>ost-
pone the unfinished business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to state that
this identical railroad bill has been before the
Senate for four years, before the last Congress
and before this. I desire further to say thatl
have been for twelve years laboring in season
and out of seaion here to pass a charter for an
air-line railroad from the city oi Washington
to the city of New York; but every time we
have met wit h obstacles, with begging for time.
Unfortunately, 1 have never yet brought up this
bill when somebody was notabaentwho wanted
to make a speech upon it. Now the friends
and the opponents of this measure have agreed
to proceed 10 its consideration to day at one
o'clock. Fortunately, we have arrived at that
exact position where we can consider it. Or
course it is in the hands of the Senate. It is
uow before th'j Senate. Its opponents are pre-
pared to debate it, and I hope the Senate will
not postpone this bill for anything before the
body until we have had a vote upon it. I am
prepared to sit here day and night and not
adjourn at all until we reach a vote upon this
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the Senator
mean about an understanding?
Mr. CHANDLER. What understanding?
Mr. CONKLING. I thought the Senator
said there was an understanding to proceed
with his bill at one o'clock to-day.
. Mr. CHANDLER. The gentlemen on the
other side said to me privately that they would
bepreparedto debate it at one o'clock. Now,
if the Senate will stand by me ou this bill, I
am assured by gentlemen of the other House
that if we pass it through this body they can
pass it through the other House at this session;
and, iu my judgment, we shall have before
twelve months, certainly before two years, an
air line through railroad to New York that
will carry us there in six hours and a half.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Com-
merce had yesterday, by special assignment,
for the business of that committee. The Sen-
ate has given to day to the Committee on
Claims. I hope we shall adhere to this plan.
Other committees have asked for a day to
bring their business before the Senate. I
think when the Senate set apart a day for this
purpose we should adhere to it, especially at
this period of the session. I hope, therefore,
as the Senator from Michigan had yesterday
for the Committee on'Commerce, that he will
not press his bill to day, although it is the
unfinished business, against the Committee
. on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I, too, hope that we shall
keep faith with the Senator from Wisconsin,
who tells us that he is going to empty the Treas-
ury so that we shall have no trouble with a
good many other bills. I ihink we had better
dispose of his bills first. I think we are in a
position now where we have to give to day to
1 the Senator from Wisconsin. I am sure the
Senator from Michigan is not more than half
[ serious in what he says, because lie came in
; yesterday when the unfinished business of the
j Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] who
j we all know is devoted to post office reform,
! was in order, and insisted on proceeding with
• the business of the Committee 011 Commerce.
, The Senator from Minnesota was extremely
, anxious and very zealous in his efforts to hold
the Senate to his bill to abolish the franking
• privilege, but the Senator from Michigan
I would not let him, and pushed that bill out ot
' the way and took the day because it had been
' assigned to his own committee. I know the
Senator irom Michigan is a fair man, and
■; lie surely will allow the Senator fram Wis-
; cousin the same measure of justice which he
demanded Irom the Senator from Minnesota
for himself.
|! Mr. CHANDLER. There is one difference,
i 1 admit the zeal and ardor and earnestness and
\'. determination with which my honorable friend
from Minnesota presses the repeal of the frank-
ji ing privilege; but hisbillhas passed the^House
II of Representatives, and he can certainly at
;*. gome time before the close ot the session pass
I' that great measure of reform iu the Senate.
. But this bill has not passed either House, and
; 1 suppose the people are, perhaps, quite as
i much interested in having a through line rail-
road to the city of New York, and establishing
the great principle of the right of this Govern-
ment in regulating commerce to carry a rail-
road or anything else whetever it is necessary
to earrv it in the interest of commerce, as they
ii can be in the bill of the Senator from Mitme-
•\ sota. I hope, in order to settle that great
'I principle, we may be enabled to continue the
consideration of "this bill until we get a final
I! vote upon it. 1 am ready to vote without say-
j! in" another word. If the gentlemen ou the
ji other side ate willing to submit it to the Sen-
I: ate, we can take a vo<.e in live minutes, and
I ask the Senate to stand by me until we get
a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, to postpone the consideration of the unfin-
ished business for the purpose of considering
during this day reports from the Committee
on Claims, which were made the special order
for this day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CHANDLER. There seems to be a
misapprehension among Senators. I desire
the Senate to know that voting " yea" is vot-
ing me out of court. [Laughter.] My friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron*] has made
a slight mistake in so voting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the roll-call. Any Senator can
change his vote before the lesultis announced.
Mr. CAMERON. I certainly inteuded to
stand hy my friend from Michigan.
The VlUEPRESIDEN 1'. TheSecretary will
change the vote of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to'* nay."
The result was announced—yeas 28, nays 27;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Brown-
low. Casserly. Davis, Fowler, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, liowe. Howell. Johnston, Kellogg, Pora-
eroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sprague, Stockton,
Thurinan. Tipton. Trumbull, Tickers, Willey, Wil-
liams. aud Wilson—26.
NAYS—Mesirs. Abbott. Anthony, Cameron, Car-
penter, Ch tndler, Conkling, ( orbetr, Edmunds, Gil-
bert, iLiuilin, Harris. Howard, McDonald, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye. Osborn, Patterson, Ilice. Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sherman. Spencer, Stearns, btewart,
Sumner, Warner, and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Auits, Buckingham, Cattell,
Cole, Crngin, i'enton. Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan. Lewis, McCreery. Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Pool, Revels, Boss, Saulsbury, &cbutz, and
Thayer—20.
The motion of Mr. Howe was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness, being the bill generally known as the
air-line railroad bill, and the-Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Vickers] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator from
Maryland to allow me to offer a resolution
simply lor reference.
Mr. VlCIvERS. Certainly.
army register.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
; mittee on Printing:
, JUsohed, That fifteen hundred additional copies
of the Army Register for 1871 be printed for the use
of the Senate.
navi register.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Bemlved, That fifteen hundred copies of the Navy
Register for 1871 be printed lor the useof the Senate.
amendments to appropriation lilt,!.-.
Mr. NYE and Mr. WILLIAMS presented
amendments intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. E. No. 2524) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872; which were referred to
the Committee ou Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PRATT, With the permission of the
Senator from Maryland, I ask the consent of
the Senate to take up the joint resolution (b.
R No 2S8) granting the Chicago and Illinois
Southern Railroad Company the right to build
a bridge across the Big   abash river, and
declaring the same a post road. It is a bill
reported with an amendment from the ( om-
mil tee on Post Offices and Post Koads, and
will meet with no opposition whatever, it is
similar to one passed at the last session ot
Congress.
