1870.
OTS CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
189
supplies to the consumers in the West, from its cost
and quality, the mostdesirablestyle of raw goods for
consumption, and to this extent adds to the burdens
of an overtaxed people. Beside, most all muscovado
sugars ranging between Nos. 10 and 13, and the large
bulk Nos. 10 and 11, it will lead to constant disputes
between the appraisers and importers, and open a
much wider door for fraud than could possibly be
opened under the bill as first passed, I hope it can
be defeated or amendedin the Senate, andsentback
to the House, where it can be thoroughly ventilated.
Remaining, very truly, vours,
ROBERT N. KIRKLAND.
Hon. Geoege Vickeks,
United States Senate, Washington, 3). G.
Mr. V1CKERS. My object in making the
motion which I shall, to refer this bill to the
Committee on Finance, is that the persons
deeply interested in this matter may have an
opportunity of appearing before the committee
and of stating the reasons which make up the
judgment which they have formed. It is pos-
sible there may be a difference of opinion,
probably there is, on this as upon other subjects;
but permit all these opinions to be laid before
the committee, let them examine the subject
thoroughly, and make such a report to the
Senate as may be satisfactory to the committee
at least., and upon which the Senate may form
its judgment. I therefore move that this bill
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the bill
will not be referred. It was thoroughly exam-
ined at the last session, and all the merchants
who were engaged in the various branches of
the sugar trade were heard, and when the
report was made it was satisfactory to nearly
every one of them. We also raised the stand-
ard by which raw sugars should come into the
country at a low rate of duty from No. 12 to
No. 13, leaving Nos. 11, 12, and lo, which
might be imported in the raw state, to be sold
in an unrefined condition, and that is the class
of sugars'tliat is, perhaps, mainly sought after.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maryland.
The question being put, there were oil a
division—ayes 11, noes 22 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MORTON. There is a quorum here.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that we have
another division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it be the
pleasure of the Senate the Chair will put the
question again.
The question being again put, the motion
was not agreed to; there being on a division—
ayes 18, noes 27.
Mr. VICIvERS. I call for the order of the
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland insists on the regular order,
which is the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana to proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution lying on the table, in relation to the
island of San Domingo, and on that question
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will submit a motion,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of this sugar bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is obliged to inform the Senator from Ohio,
under the ruling of the Vice President, which
the Chair believes to be in accordance with the
practice, that the pending motion to take up
from the table is one that cannot be superseded
by a motion to proceed to the consideration of
something else, but must be voted upon one
"way or another. The question, therefore, is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to
take up from the table for consideration the
resolution referred to. On that question the
Senator from Massachusetts, as the Chair
understands, had not concluded his remarks
when, by unanimous consent, the other bill
intervened. The Senator from Massachusetts,
therefore, is entitled to the floor.
CEXTRE MARKET.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor un-
less he yields to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is the very point
J wish to make. I ask my friend from Mas-
sachusetts to give way for a moment to enable
me to call up a joint resolution that came over
from the House yesterday, relating to the mar-
ket-house here. There are three or four hun-
dred families in this city without a market.
The resolution will take but a moment. I do
not wish to discuss it; I simply want it acted
upon.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill of the Senator
ought to pass ; I have no objection to it.
Mr. CO-NKLING. We can pass it sifter this.
Mr. PATTERSON. This bill will be dis-
cussed all day. I simply want action upon it;
I have no wish to say a word upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from New Hampshire
to ask unanimous consent that the Senate take
up informally, without prejudice to the pend-
ing motion, the joint resolution relating to the
Centre Market referred to by lain. Is there
objection ?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from New-
Hampshire made an appeal to me, and I am
willing, if there is no debate on his measure, to
yield ; but if there is to be a long debate on it,
as there was on this other bill, J could not in
justice give my consent. If it is to go through
without debate 
Mr. PATTERSON. I will guaranty myself
not, to debate it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not think
there will bo debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to laying aside informally the motion
of the Senator from Indiana for the purpose
of taking up the joint resolution mentioned by
the Senator from Nesv Hampshire? The Chair
hears no objection, and the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 428) relative to the Center Market
in Washington is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The joint resolution proposes to constitute the
chairmen of the Committees on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate and House of
Representatives, with the mayor of Washing-
ton, commissioners to require the Washington
Market Company, organized under the fifteenth
section of the act of May 20, 1870, promptly
to furnish temporary market accommodations
for the market-men who were driven out by
the late lire; and also to ereet at the earliest
possible day the first stories or market por-
tions of the permanent market-buildings pro
vided for in that act. The commissioners are
to be authorized to make such alterations in
the buildings and such arrangements with the
company as shall be best calculated to secure
the speedy erection of buildings creditable to
thecityand sufficiently commodious for all the
wants of the public. The passage of this reso-
lution is not to be construed to supersede,
delay, or in any way affect the pending invest-
igations into the aflairs of the company, nor to
relieve the company or any person from conse-
quences of any acts under investigation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yesterday objected to
the passage of this joint resolution without any
consideration, because I thought it ought to go
before the people of the city of Washington
and be undeistood before it was acted upon in
the two Houses of Congress. I was sorry to
see that the morning papers which I had occa-
sion to look at did not publish the resolution,
and I do not know whether it has come to the
notice of the citizens or not; but I didohserve
that there had been a meeting of citizens oil
the subject of the occupation of this market-
ground, in which they objected to the con-
struction of sheds upon the ground by the
market company.
I was unwilling to interpose to-day to delay
this matter any further; but I wish to say to
the Senate that at the last session of Congress,
after very great deliberation) a bill was
providing for the erection of a market-house
in the city of Washington, on Seventh street
and Pennsylvania avenue. The plan of that
market-house was submitted to Congress. In-
deed, various plans were submitted, a great
deal of consideration was given to the subject,
and the chairman of our Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds called the committee
together at different times to hear different
parties in regard to it. We agreed on a bill
that finally passed, providing for the erection
of a beautiful building. I presume Senators
recollect the plan of the building that was
brought into the Senate Chamber.
Now it is proposed, taking advantage, as it
seems to me, of an accident, the burning up of
these market-sheds, to do what? To authorize
the chairmen of the Committees on Public
Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and the
House—and nobody has more confidence in any
member of this body than I have in the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings
here—to authorize them, in connection with the
mayor of the city, to change this whole plan.
If this was simply a proposition to provide
temporarily, and nothing else, for a casualty,
no one would feel like objecting to it; I do not
wish now to object to it; hut I desire to call
the attention of the Senate, that we may know
what we are doing.
There is a provision in this joint resolution
that authorizes the chairmen of the Committees
on Public Buildings and Grounds of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, with the
mayor of Washington, to be constituted com-
missioners with authority to make such altera-
tions and such arrangements with the company
as shall be best calculated to secure the speedy
erection of buildings creditable to the city and
sufficiently convenient for all the wants of the
public, authorizing them to make arrangements
for the erection ot permanent buildings here
just as they please. Perhaps it is intended
to do this, but it is giving up the whole of our
bill, upon which we spent so much time at the
last session of Congress, in determining the
character of the building that was to be erected.
Now, I suggest to the Senator from New
Hampshire whether he will have any objection
to an amendment which I will state. 1 know
he would not object unless he should think it
might cause delay. 1 do not think it can cause
any long delay, for the House of Represent-
atives, 1 imagine, would concur at once. If
he has no objection, I would move after the
word "company," near the end of the reso-
lution, to insert the words "not interfering
with the exterior of the building;" so that
these commissioners shall not change the gen-
eral character of the building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that amendment,
to insert, after the word "company" the
words "not interfering with the exterior of
the building." I ought to say to my friend,
the chairman of the Committeeon PublicBuild-
ings and Grounds of the Senate, that I had no
idea he would consent to change the plan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 thinkl should
be probably the last man to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But at the same time I
do not think we ought, in a joint resolution
passed in this hasty way. to vest any three
persons with authority to change our legisla-
tion so maturely considered as this was at the
last session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported for the information of
the Senate.
The Chief Ci.erk. After the word " com-
pany," m the fourteenth line, it is moved to
insert the words "not interfering with the
exterior of the building:" so as to read:
And thatsaidcommissionersbe authoi ized to raako
sucii alterations in tho building and such arrange-
ments with said company, not interienng wan tne
exterior of the building, as shall be best calculated
to insure the erection oi' buildings, &o.
Mr. PATTERSON. The only objection to
