190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the amendment is, that if adopted, it will re-
quire the joint resolution to go back to the
House of Representatives, and it is very im-
portant that it should be passed at once in
order that the people who have been in the
habit of depending on the market-house which
has been burned up may have a place to market
in. The object which the Senator from Illinois
desires will be secured by leaving it to this
commission consisting of the chairmen of the
Committees on Public Buildings and Grounds
of the two Houses and the mayor of the city.
I am willing to leave anything almost, either
of a public or private character, to the chair-
mau of our Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds—the very man who introduced, after
thorough examination, the bill that passed and
is now the law. He will not be very likely to
allow the public to suffer; and to pass the reso-
lution as it is will prevent delay. Why not
leave it to that commissioji? I shall not dis-
cuss it, because I agreed not to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose the other two
commissioners overrule him?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single word.
I understand the mayor of the city is anxious
that this company shall provide two or three
rooms for the accommodation of some officers
of the city, and all the alteration that is con-
templated is to arrange two or three rooms in
the interior so as to accommodate some city
officers of the government of the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment would
not interfere with that.
Mr. PATTERSON. It would cause delay
by sending the joint resolution back to the
House of Representatives.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment was rejected ; there being
on a division—ayes 1G, noes 23.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolutions; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2529) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June SO, 1872 ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 434) extend-
ing the use of the Library of Congress to the
commissioners appointed to revise and consol-
idate the laws of the United States.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions: and they were thereupon signed by the
Yice President:
A bill (8. No. 673) for the relief of Nicholas
M. Page, executor of Samuel Miller, of Camp-
bell county, Virginia;
A bill (S. No. 828) for the relief of Henry
Newell;
A bill (H. It. No. 1537) for the relief of
Richard P. Spencer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1971) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Contain A. R. Hetzell;
A bill (II. It. No. 2428) to remove the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States fiom William M.
McGruder, of Henrico county, Virginia;
A bill (H, R. No. 2481) to authorize the
Jersey Shore National Bank, Pennsylvania, to
change its location ;
A bill (II. It. No. 2511) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities from William
Cardweli and Richard I. Gaulding, of Char-
lotte county, Virginia :
A bill (H. R. No. 2327) making appropria-
tion for revenue-cutters; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 419) to cor-
rect an error in the enrollment of the lav/ in
relation to the pay of grand and petit jurors.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The question again recurs on the
motion of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton,] to take from the table and proceed with
the consideration of the joint resolution indi-
cated by him, upon which the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, when inter-
rupted, as I have been once, twice, three times,
four times I believe, I was proceeding with a
reply to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] who urged as a reason against my-
resolution that his report was all-sufficient 
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator give way for
a moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider House bill No. 2538, to
relieve certain persons from disabilities under
the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia asks unanimous consent that the
pending motion be laid aside informally, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 2538. Is there objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that if the Senator from Virginia will accept
an amendment making the relief general. I
think it is time we passed some general bill
upon that subject.
Mr. MORTON. The proposition to make it
general I am sure would involve some debate.
Mr. LEWIS. Yes; andas it is veryimport-
ant to relieve the persons named in this bill, I
hope it will be taken up and passed.
Mr. MORTON. I would consent to it in a
moment, I will say to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, if it did not involve debate: but the Sen-
ator from Illinois has given us notice that it
will cause debate, and I cannot therefore con-
sent.
Mr. LEWIS. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will withdraw his objection and allow the
bill to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to its
coming up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] objects. The ques-
tion again recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] and the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Stjmner] will proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. I was proceeding to explain
what there was in my resolution which cannot
be found in the report of the Senator from
Michigan, able, comprehensive, luminous as it
unquestionably is. I had already mentioned
that there was in his report the protocol, a
document purporting to be signed by General
Babcock as aid-de-camp to the President of
the United States, and in that capacity, with-
out any known instructions, negotiating a
treaty, an important document.
Any protocol or convention signed by such agent
or consul.
The report has no copy of any convention.
Now, notoriously there are two, and our atten-
tion has been called directly to them by the
President in his annual message, one relating
to the annexation of Dominica, and the other
to the purchase of the bay of Samana. I wish
copies of both those documents.
Also, an account of the debt and liabilities of
the Dominican Government, especially its obliga-
tions to the neighboring republic of ilayti.
Not a word on that important subject will
be found in the report of the Senator; nothing
on that is now before the Senate. Senators
may have in executive session information on
that subject; there is not a word of it before
the Senate in legislative session; there is not
a word of it in any authentic form before the
country.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order, and I do it reluctantly. It
is obvious 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana rise to a question of
order?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir ; and my question
of order is that these remarks are not pertinent
to the question before the Senate. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is opening up the
whole question for discussion. The motion is
to take a certain resolution from the table,
and the Senator is proceeding, and obviously
intends to continue at length, to discuss the
difference between the resolution he offered
and a certain report that was made at the last
session of Congress. I therefore raise the
question whether his remarks are in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels obliged to state to the Senate that the
Vice President, before leaving the chair, when
the question was up before as to how far the
question should be open to debate, stated that
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] hav-
ing been permitted to proceed somewhat wider
than the rules would permit,strictly interpreted,
he should allow the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] to reply to what the Sen-
ator from Michigan had said, without enforcing
the rules. The present occupant of the chair
feels obliged, therefore, whatever may he the
strict letter of the rules, to conform his ruling
to that expressed by the Vice President while
occupying his appropriate place. The Chair,
therefore, thinks that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ought to be permitted to proceed,
within the limits suggested by the Vice Pres-
ident, replying fairly to what the Senator from
Michigan has said.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Chair to under-
stand that I mean to keep strictly, logically,
precisely within the limits ; and I hope my
friend from Indiana will not be over-anxious.
I have no purpose that he should be hostile to.
I am explaining my own resolution, which has
been assailed by the Senator from Michigan,
i and I am showing what it asks for that his
; report does not contain. I am not comment-
ing on these topics ; I am simply specifying; I
am proceeding by a system of specification, and
if the Senator should not interrupt me many
times, I shall be done very soon.
I Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think I
1 understand this. I do not wish to straggle
| with the opinion of the Chair; but I desire
j to suggest that the first reference which was
, made to the Senator's resolution was made by
I himself, and that was not in order. It was
| not competent, I think, for him to discuss the
I merits of another resolution not before the
i Senate. But it was in reply to him that the
j Senator from Michigan made his remarks. I
i think the Senator from Massachusetts himself
| was out of order when he first introduced the
| subject of his resolution, and the Senator from
Michigan did not go beyond the remarks of
the Senator from Massachusetts. Therefore
it is not competent, I think, for the Senator
from Massachusetts to seize upon the answer
made by the Senator from Michigan to enter
upon a general discussion of the whole ques-
tion. The first violation of the rule, I think,
was made by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Now, sir, I have no objection personally to
this discussion ; but I desire to see it brought
within limits that will probably insure its con-
elusion at a reasonable time, and I hope the
discussion of this question will be kept within
its proper limits.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
conforming his decision to what has been held
by the regular occupant,of the chair before he
retired from it, overrules the point, of order,
and permits the Senator from Massachusetts
to proceed. After that special indulgence, if it
may be so called, shall have been exhausted,
the Chair will then endeavor to enforce the
