1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
rule. The Senator from Massachusetts will
proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I begin now
by replying to the Senator from Indiana. He
says that I was the first offender. How so ?
He moved to bring forward a certain resolu-
tion. I said precisely why that resolution ought
not to be proceeded with, by simply calling
attention to one anterior in time, and essen-
tially preliminary in substance, which I had
moved myself. That was all. I did not dis-
cuss my resolution ; I did not explain its char-'
acter. I think it will be found that I did not
say one word about it. I simply referred to
it as a resolution which ought to be consid-
ered before the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana. Then I was replied to by my friend
from Michigan in an elaborate speech, marked
by all the learning and ability which he always
brings into debate; a speech which I think was
nearly half an hour by the clock.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no.
Mr. SUMNER. He is not aware how long
he spoke. Rut in that speech he dwelt par-
ticularly upon his own report, which he had
before him then, and he has it before him
now, and he seemed to think that report was
everything ; that it was a complete answer in
advance to the resolution of inquiry which I
had had the honor of moving. That, evidently,
was the idea of my honorable friend. His
report has already attracted a certain degree
of attention, but the Senator does attach too
much importance to it if lie supposes that
it does anticipate all possible inquiry on this
important subject. 1 was proceeding precisely,
logically, categorically, to show what my reso-
lution asked for that was not contained in his
report, and I have been interrupted again and
again. I should have been through long ago
but for these interruptions.
My resolution, then, calls for "the provisions
of the existing constitution of Dominica, so far
as the same relate to the sale or transfer of the
national domain." I have evidenceleadingjne
to believe that by that constitution the Gov-
ernment cannot transfer the national domain.
There is a constitutional impediment. Has the
Senator referred to it in his report? I believe
there is nothing on the subject there. There-
fore let us have that information. Then again:
"also, any treaty with Hayti or France, by
which Dominica is bound or affected." I will
not go into it, but 1 hold in my hand a treaty
with France never adduced in this discussion,
never that I am aware of presented to the Sen-
ate, by which it will appear that Dominica is
affected ; under which Dominica is at this mo-
ment bound in a very large sura to the republic
of Hayti.
Mr. HOWARD. Was Dominica a party to
the treaty ?
Mr. SUMNER. Dominica was at the date
of this treaty a part of Hayti. The Senator
asks me a question, I simply answer it; I do
not go into this treaty now. Of course there
will be a time for that.
Also, any communication from the neighboring
republic of Hayti, or Irom our minister there, rotat-
ing- to the pioposed annexation.
I have before me a copy of a protest from
the Government of Hayti, made as long ago as
18G8, against any sale of the bay of Samana,
and I have reason to believe that the Gov-
ernment of Hayti has already taken steps to
make its opinions known adverse to this whole
project of annexation. I wish for information
on that head, and my resolution contemplates
it. Is there anything on that subject in the
learned report oi my friend from Michigan? I
think nothing.
Also, instructions to the commander of our naval
squadron m the waters ot the island since the com-
mencement ot the late negotiations, with the reports
ami correspondence ot such commander.
That opens a very important chapter. There
are Senators who know what, it contains. I
know what it contains. Some of these docu-
ments I have myself read on the files of the
Navy Department; others have been com-
municated in executive session to this Cham-
ber. I know their contents. Whether Sena-
tors remember them or forget them, I have
not forgotten them ; and I have to say that
you cannot proceed in this business until you
become acquainted with them, nor should the
country proceed in it until it knows those
instructions. But, then, that I do not now
discuss; all that is for a later stage.
Also, any information tending toshow what Euro-
pean Power, if any, proposes to acquire jurisdiction
of any part of the island; and, if so, of what part.
I believe the report of my honorable friend
contains nothing on that head ; if it does, I do
not remember it. The Senator says he thinks
not. Now, I think all will admit that that is
an important head of inquiry. The idea has
been held over us that some foreign Power
would be foolish enough to attempt such a
thing. Inconceivable folly on the part of such
a Power! Impossible, as I think, to imagine itl
Also, any information with regard to the posi-
tion of President Baez. under whom the treaty of
annexation was negotiated, and the extent to which
he has been maintained in power by the presence of
United States vessels of war.
Is there anything on that important head
in the report of my friend ? I know nothing;
but I know that there is information on that
head which, when laid before the country, will
present this question in a very important light.
1 forbear to discuss that now.
My friend from Indiana need not be alarmed;
I am answering precisely. The time will come
for that discussion. I have some of the docu-
ments here; I want more, however. I want
the official information, which can be supplied
by two Departments of this Government under
the direction of the President.
Also, any information with regard to the senti-
ments of the people in Dominica and the reported
pendency there of civil war.
Does the report of my friend from Michigan
give us information on that head? The Sen-
ator says some. Very little. A very inade-
quate representation is his report on that head.
There is information, however, accessible,
which ought to be before the Senate; and the
question of civil war there cannot be treated
with levity. Senators may smile ; Senators may
laugh. I do not see in war of any kind, least
of all in civil war, anything to excite smiles.
TheptimeministerofFranee, when he declared
war and read the manifesto vindicating it, on
the 15th of July, said that he accepted war with
a light heart 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
this certainly is beyond the rule, to bring in
remarks with regard to a European war.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no con-
struction the Chair could put upon-the rule that
would bring that in.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I go to the next
head:
Also, any information with regard to any claim
of jurisdiction by the republic of Hayti over the
territory of Dominica.
Now, 1 am not aware that the report of my
friend, able, important, luminous as it is, con-
tains the least information on that head. On
that last point, Mr. President, you shall not |
make any suggestion; I mean to be piecisely !
in order. I only wish that the Senate should ]
see fully that this point is not included in the j
report of the Senator from Michigan. We !
have got no answer, therefore, on that head.
Now, I have gone through this resolution of
mine. The topics are all ofgreat importance.
I submit that the Senate cannot proceed to any
definitive action until they have this important
information in documentary form. And here
allow me to say thattheresolution of my friend
from Indiana is definitive in its character. It
commits the Congress of the United States to
a certain extent to the policy of annexation.
It is not simply a resolution of inquiry. It is
a joint resolution, which, when passed, will he
an act of legislation, taking its place on the
statute-book of the Republic; and the prac-
tical question is whether the Senate now, with-
out all this information to which I have called
attention, will proceed with the consideration
of that proposed measure of legislation.
I believe, sir, that I have kept absolutely
within the requirements of order. I have con-
fined myself to an answer to the objection made
by my friend from Michigan, and a very slight
reply to the interruption of my friend from
Indiana; and now on this point I will take my
seat, reserving what I have to say on other
points to some other stage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
that the Senate take from the table and proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution.
Mr. SCHURZ called for the y eas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 3G, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Borcmari, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,Conk-
ling, Corbett, Edraunds, I^lanagan, Gilbert, 1-lamlin,
liar tan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, .Ramsey, Hovels, Rice,Saw-
yer, Sherman, Sprague. Stewart, Thayer, Warner,
Willev, Williams, and Windom—36.
NAY S—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton ot Maryland, Harris, McCrecry, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson, Rob ertson.Schurz, Scott, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman. Tinton, and Viekers—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Cragm, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston,
Kellogg, McDonald. Morrill of Maino, Pratt, Ross,
Saulsbury, Spencer,Trumbull,Wilson,and Yates—18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas have
it, and the joint resolution (S. li. No. 262)
authorizing the appointment of commissioners
in relation to the republic of Dominica is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
will he read in full by the Secretary.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move thatthereso-
lution now be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be in order as soon as the joint resolution is
reported.
The Chief Clerk x-ead the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 262) authorizing the appointment
of commissioners in relation to the republic
of Dominica.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] moves
the reference of this joint resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORTON. 1 hope this reference will
not bo made. I see no good purpose, I see
nothing to be accomplished by it. This is the
appointment, of a commission to investigate
all the material questions, as I think, connect-
ed with the subject of the annexation of San
Domingo. It commits nobody in favor of that
annexation, but it simply proposes to procure
information upon the important,questions con-
nected with the consideration of that subject.
I had hoped that this resolution would be
allowed to pass without a word of debate or
a word of objection. Referring it to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, of which I am a
member, would simply have the effect to delay
it; and what could that committee reportupon
a question of acquiring information, for it is
substantially a resolution of inquiry ?
Mr. President, I think this resolution ought
to be allowed to pass without objection, and I
cannot see why the Senator from Massachu-
setts himself cannot vote for it, and I think he
ought to vole for it. If information is what
he asks, if information is important, if it is
desirable to have more information than we
have now, then this resolution, it seems to me,
ought to be allowed to pass without objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCIIURZ. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana tells us that he thinks we ought
to accept this resolution without a dissenting
voice. May I ask him, if we pass this resolu-
tion to-day and the House of Representatives
