1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
thread of (lift stream, and as such they have a right
to uso tlio waters anU bed beneath for their own pri-
vate emolument, subject only to the public right of
navigation. They may construct wharves or dams
or canals for the purpose of subjecting the stream to
the various uses to which it may be applied, subject
to this public easement."— lb., 472.
In this opinion the power of the States to
make canals is expressly recognized as be-
longing to the States; and Judge Marshall, in
the case of Gibbons.to'. Ogden, referred to, in
speaking of the power of the States under their
inspection laws, said:
"They form a portion of that immense mass of
legislation which embraces everything within the
territory of a State not surrendered to the General
Government: nil which can be most advantageously
exercised by theState3themselve3. Inspection laws,
health laws of every description, a3 well as laws for
regulating the internal commerce of a State, and
tln.t.0 which respect turnpike roads, terries. &o., are
component purw of this mass,"—203.
Here the commerce of a State, with its power
to construct roads, ferries, &c., is distinctly
assfited. Jf such a power existed in the Gen-
eral Government it could not be a part of the
State power.
Mr. Oakley in Ilia great legal argument of
the ease of Gibbons vs. Ogden, in speaking'
of the powers of the States in reference to
commerce and navigation, asserted them to be
as follows:
" By virtue of the power of a State over its navi-
gable waters it establishes ferries and bridges. It
grants the land under the water at pleasure, builds
public piers, erects dams and other obstructions,
and directs the course of the waters for any purpose
whatsoever.^ By its power over its land territory a
State establishes roads and canals, regulates the car-
rying of goods and the amount of tolls upon them,
grants exclusive privileges to stage, wagons, and
others for the carriage ot goods and passengers, and
performs all other acts of sovereignty in regard to
these public highways."
This enumeration of powers was not contro-
verted by the counsel on the opposite side nor
by the court iti its opinion. The power over
roads and canals, the instruments and media
of trade, intercourse, and commerce, i3 avowed
und admitted to be in the States as a part of
their sovereignty in their reserved rights.
In the case of Pennsylvania vs. The Wheel-
ing Bridge, Judge McLean, in delivering his
opinion, said :
"If. under the commercial power. Congress can
make bridges over navisrablewaters. it would bediffi-
cult to find any limitation of such a power. Turn-
pike roads, railroads, and canals might, under the
s-ame principle.be built by Congress. And if this be
a constitutional power it cannot be restricted or
intcriered with by any State regulation. So extrav-
agant iiixl absorbing a Federal power as this has
rarely, if ever, been claimed by any one. It would
ill a gioat dugrce supercede the State governments
by the tremendous authority and patronagoit would
exorcise. Jiut it the power be found in the Consti-
tution, no principle is perceived by which it can be 1
practically restricted. This dilemma leads us to the I
conclusion that it is not a constitutional power." t
Language cannot express in more definite !
terms or with greater perspicuity and force the ;
rights of the States over the subject of rail: :
roads, canals, and turnpikes. As a part«of
the internal affairs, business, and interests of j
the States, as necessary to their improvement.,
development., and convenience, the power was
essential to the States: it was necessary for
their travel, trade, intercourse, and progress ;
it was in nowise necessary to the General Gov-
ernment., nor one which it could properly use
consistent with the dignity, honor, and inter-
ests of the States.
The power cati scarcely be claimed under
the clause in the Constitution to establish post
ollices and post roads. That power is executed
when any of the State roads are declared to be
post roads. The State has jurisdiction over
offenses committed on such roads as on any
other toads, and may change or alter them at
pleasure. The soil is the State's; it never
parted with it nor its rights over it. In the
Wheeling bridge case the late Mr. Stanton,
who was counsel for the State of Pennsylva-
nia, and whose purpose was to curtail the
power of the States and deny to them the
authority to bridge rivers, in his argument laid
dawn several propositions; and the third was:
"Under the power to establish post roads Con-
gress has no authority to construct or maintain a
road within a State to the injury of private property
or individual right."
J udge Wayne of the Snprsme Court, in deliv-
ering his opinion in the case, said that the
power to establish post roads is only a power
to declare them. Judge McLean also said that
by the act of July, 1838, Congress declared
that all railroads were post roads, but the rail-
road may be changed at the will of the propri-
etors, and the mail will not bo carried in the
cars except by contract, for which a compen-
sation is paid, and that the same principle
applied to turnpike roads.
William Pinkney, who was so distinguished
for his great legal attainments and command-
ing eloquence in the forum and in the Senate,
and who probably has bad no superior in the
country, in his argument of the case of Mc-
Cullough vs. The State of Maryland, which
involved tlie right of a State to tax a branch
or office of theJBank of the United States,
said that the State governments could not
establish corporations to carry into effect the
national powers given to Congress, nor could
Congress create corporations to execute the
peculiar duties of the State governments. This
is an axiom in politics. As the Government of
the United States cannot by its own powers
enter upon and take the soil of a State for its
own purposes, it cannot invest with that power
a corporation of its own creation for its own
purposes. The peculiar duty of a State is
to provide roads, canals, and ways for its
citizens.
ilr. Madison, in the forty-second number of
the Federalist, said that the power of establish-
ing post roads must, in every view, be a harm-
less one. In the forty fifth number of the Fed-
eralist that great man declared that the powers
delegated by the then proposed Constitution
to the Federal Government were few and
defined, would be exercised principally on
external objects, as war, peace, negotiation,
and foreign commerce, and that the powers
reserved .to the States, which were numerous
and indefinite, would extend to all the objects
which would concern the lives, liberties, and
properties of the people, aud the internal
order, improvement, and prosperity of the
States. If a latitude of construction should
be claimed, it should be by the States, for
their rights are numerous and indefinite, and
cover all the property of the States, its im-
provement, and the prosperity of the people.
Surely objects so numerous, comprehensive,
and important, have a right to all the rules of
construction and presumptions which can be
brought to the aid of such vast interests and
prerogatives.
The United States had no property but the
ten miles square ; it had no people independ-
ent of the people of the States; no territory
but the public lands held in trust for the States.
It had no tangible subject-matter oti which
such language could operate or apply as that
used by Mr. Madison in reference to the lives,
liberties, properties, internal order, improve-
ment, and prosperity of the States. It will be
noted that it is used in reference to the States
and their people; but no language, similar
in import or having any approximation to it,
is used, but language cautious, guarded, and
definite is employed, when applied to the Gen-
eral Government and to its operation on " ex-
ternal objects, war, peace, negotiation, and
foreign commerce." Not internal ordomestie
commerce, or commerce between the States,
is used even in its contracted sense, but for-
eign commerce, which necessarily excludes the
idea of constructing roads and canals or of
creating corporations to construct them.
Mr. Madison would have been wanting in
candor and integrity, when discussing in print
before the American people a subject of so
much interest and moment as the establishing
a General Government with limited powers,
defined aud explicit, if he had a suspicion in
his mind that the power to regulate commerce
or to establish post roads could by any possi-
bility be perverted and tortured to include  
power to make roads and canals by that Gov-
ernment without the consent of the States oa
and through whose soil they would be con-
structed. Neither Mr. Madison, nor General
Hamilton,, nor any of the justly celebrated
patriots who were contemporary with them,
ever supposed it possible that a power se
immense and tremendous could be forcibly
inferred or extracted from such an expression
as the regulation of or forming rules for the
government of commerce.
Mr. Madison vetoed a bill which appropri-
ated the bonus which the United States Bank
was to pay to the purposes «f internal im-
provement. In President Monroe's first mes-
sage to Congress in 1817 he said that " disre-
garding early impressions, I have bestowed
on the subject all the deliberation which its
great importance and a just sense of my duty
required, and the result is a settled conviction
in my mi«ed that Congress does not possess the
right" to engage in a system of internal im-
provements. He declared in the same message
that it was not among the specified or inci-
dental powers of the Legislature. In his sixth
message he further said:
"Believing that a competent powerto adopt and
execute a system of internal improvement has not
been granted to Congress, but that such a power
confined to great national purposes and with proper
limitations would be productive of eminent advan-
tage to our Union, I have thought it advisable that
an amendment to the Constitution to that effect
should be recommended to the several States."
And in a veto message to Congress in May,
1822, of the Cumberland road bill he said very
emphatically—
"That Congress did not possess the power to
engage in a system of internal improvements, and
that the States individually could not grant it;
that though they might assent to the appropriation
of money within their respective limits, they could
grant no such power."
The bill authorized the collection of tolls and
duties upon persons and property passing over
the road. He regarded these provisions as
containing a power to make roads which was
clearly not granted. Wherever the power
claimed by the General Government is doubt-
ful Mr. Monroe advised an amendment of
the Constitution, believing that the people of
the States, who are sovereign, would not, on
appeal, withhold their consent to a measure
which their judgments might approve. In 1830
General Jackson vetoed the Maysville road
bill on constitutional grounds, which bill Only
provided for a subscription to the stock of a
company. Mr. Monroe, in one of his mes-
sages referred to, took the same view of the
power to regulate commerce which I have
endeavored to present and enforce in ray
remarks. He declared that—
"The right to regulate commerce with foreign
Powers was necessary, as well to enable Congress to
lay and collect duties and imposts as to support th 
rights of the nation in the intercourse with foreign
Powers. It is executed at the ports of the several
States, and operates almost altogether externally."
It is unnecessary to say that Congress cannot
impart to a corporation any power which the
Constitution does not clearly bestow upon it.
But the right of eminent domain, or the power
to take private property for public use, belongs
exclusively to the State governments. This
is avowed in the case of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Company vs. The Union Bank of
Maryland, in 4 Circuit Court Reports, 75, This
right existed in the States before the formation
of the Constitution, and grows out of thelegal
presumption that lands are held under the chat-
ters and authority of the State governments.
In England real estate is held under the Crown
or is so presumed in law, and in this country
under the State governments since the Dec-
laration of Independence. All lands are held
under this grant of the State, subject to the
exercise of the right of eminent domain, or
of taking private property for public use,
making j«st compensation.
The united States hold the public lands
in the new States by force of the deeds of
