1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
To me, as I have already observed, it is of
sacred import. I want action. 1 have no
doubt the project has been well matured by
the President. Much has been said on the
subject. It has not been driven in upon us
here momentarily; it has been pretty well
matured. I understood it last session to some
extent, sufficiently so to vote upon it; and I
am ready now to do so. As to a reference,
that may bring it upon the line so ably pointed
out now ; but if we let it go hence we know
not when it may be reached again. It is up
now. There is a great deal of interest on the
subject. Let us dispose of it. This resolution
does not interfere or conflict, as I conceive,
with the resolution introduced by the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts; but it
absolutely anticipates, it abbreviates, if you
please, and leads the mind to action immedi-
ately ; and if it be no humbug, then it is a very
important question, and I am all anxiety to
see action had upon it at the earliest moment.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe, sir, it is proper
enough for me to say, forlthink the President
himself says it in his annual message, that a
treaty was negotiated for the annexation of
Dominica to the United States, and that that
treaty failed to receive the requisite votes in
favor of its ratification, thus disclosing the fact
that between the President of the United States
and the Senate there is a direct opposition of
opinion upon the subject of this acquisition.
Now, not willing to defer to the opinion of
the Senator—and I do not say that in order
to blame him; he has a right to his own opin-
ion—the President, with very great earnest-
ness, urges upon Congress and upon the coun-
try the desirableness of this acquisition, and
he goes so far as to suggest the mode by which
Dominica may be annexed. Seeing that it
is not likely to be annexed under the treaty-
making power, for want of the requisite sup-
port in the Senate, ho suggests that it may be
annexed by joint resolution, as in the case of
Texas ; and it is with a view to carry out, no
doubt, the wishes or opinions of the President
in this particular that the Senator from Indiana
has introduced this joint resolution.
Now, the lirst thing that strikes me is this:
is the Senate ready to recede from its position?
Is the Senate willing to ratify a treaty for the
annexation of Dominica, or is the Senate ready
to annex Dominica by joint resolution? And
in that connection I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that you cannot
by joint resolution annex Dominica as a Ter-
ritory ; you must annex her a3 a State if you
annex her by joint resolution. There is no
clause in the Constitution of the United States
that provides for the acquisition of territory by
joint resolution of Congress unless it be one
single provision, and that is that the Congress
may admit new States into the Union. And it
was upon the argument that there was no lim-
itation upon that power to admit new States
into the Union, that it was not limited to terri-
tory belonging to the United States, but that
territory belonging to a foreign Power might
be admitted into the Union as a State ; it was
upon that doctrine that the resolution m the
case of Texas was passed. But no one has
ever pretended that you could by joint_ reso-
lution annex territory as a Territory without
admitting it as a State. Then, if a treaty is to
be abandoned, the proposition which is before
the Senate is, is this Senate prepared to annex
Dominica in its present condition, without one
man in it out of ten thousand who can speak
the English language, without one man out of
ten thousand who can read a word in any lan-
auage, without one man in ten thousand who
has°the slightest idea of our Government? Is
the Senate prepared to admit Dominica as a
State in this Union at this session of Congress ?
That is the question.
Nobody, 1 think, has the least idea that any
treaty for its annexation can be ratified.
Senate is not so ignorant that it did not know
every essential thing in this resolution when
41st Ooxg. 3d Sess.—No. 13.
it voted on the treaty. It would be to stultify
ourselves to say that there is one single mate-
rial inquiry in all this resolution that was not
known to the Senate when it voted on the
treaty; and unless the Senators who were
opposed to that treaty are willing to recede
from their opposition, and ratify a treaty that
may be formed, it follows that this resolution
can only be put forward with the view of'annex-
ing Dominica by joint resolution, and that, as
I said before, .you cannot do unless you are
willing to take her in as a State. It seems to
me that those who are opposed to any such
thing as that might just as well meet this ques-
tion at once, and that the only fair, straight-
forward, manly course is to defeat this resolu-
tion at once. *
What in the world is the use of this com-
mission? What tis the use of sending out
these people who are to inquire into every sort
of thing—these men who are to inquire into
government, into debt, and then to turn eth-
nologists and hunt up information as to the
physical, material, and moral condition of the
people of Dominica, and then to turn miner-
alogists and geologists, and find out what is the
mineral wealth of Dominica, and then to find
out what is the atmosphere, the temperature,
the variation of seasons, and the climate of
that island; and so on from step to step, being
a commission scientific, political, economical,
historical, and the Lord only knows what it is
not, according to this resolution? What is the
use of all that if the Senate is not willing to
admit Dominica as a State, for that is the real
question and the only question ?
I say again that no man on this floor, I think,
has the least idea that a treaty of annexation
can receive the requisite number of votes for
its ratification ; and therefore—and I cannot
perhaps repeat it too often—the only question
is, will you annex Dominica as a State; will
you bring her in such as she is, without any
pupilage, without any preparation, as one of
the sovereign States of this Union? If you
will not do that, what is the use of taking up
time with this resolution ? This is my general
objection to the whole resolution; but, to speak
of some of the details, it strikes me as most ex-
traordinary that there should bo opposition to
having it referred. I have said that between the
President and the Senate there is a difference
of opinion on this question. That is known
to us all. He himself states it in his message.
And now, what does the Senator from Indiana
propose? That the President shall appoint
these commissioners without any advice or eon-
sentof the Senate at all. He makes no pro-
vision that the Senate shall advise or consent
to the selection of these commissioners; but
the President who has this matter at heart, the
President, who forces it upon Congress again
against the wishes of the Senate, the President,
who does that, is to be allowed to select his
own men without one single word of advice or
consent on the part of the Senate. And then
comes what? Then comes a feature which has
been lauded, but which, in my judgment, is an
exceedingly bad feature ; he is to appoint men
who will go there without compensation. Ah!
■who isgoiuglhere withoutcompensation except
somebody who lias a job? Who is going there
without compensation to perform this service,
1 say, unless he is a jobber or the tool of men
who are jobbers? Nobody, unless indeed, as
has been suggested, he shall send some officers
of the Army there. Well, sir, I think we had
a little Army work on Dominica before, and it
did not turn out to be very good Army work.
I do not understand it to be any part of the
appropriate duty of officers of the Army to be
sent upon such a mission as this.
Mr. MORTON. Did the Senator understand
me as suggesting officers of the Army?
Mr. THURMAN. I did not say that the
Senator did. but some one did.
i Mr. MORTON. I suggested members of
Congress.
| Mr. SUMNER. That is worse.
Mr. THURMAN. Some one suggested
officers of the Army, as I understood, because
they were already under pay. I may have been
mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. Members of Congress, I
said.
Mr. THURMAN. Members of Congress 1
That is still worse. Members of Congress 1
Pray, whom will he take? I hope he will not
send me, [laughter,] and I know he will not
send my friend Casserly. I doubt exceed-
ingly even whether he will send my friend from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] although he has
been in the diplomatic service. Whsm will he
send? Will he send the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations?
I do not think he will. [Laughter.] Perhaps
if we had some advice abd consent to give in
that matter we might know what members of
Congress would be sent. I dare say he would
be very glad, indeed, to send the Senator from
Indiana; but I do not think the Senator from
Indiana would be willing to forego his seat in
this Senate, to go down to San Domingo, even
to perform the charming duty of looking into
the physical, mental, and moral condition of
the inhabitants there. [Laughter.] No, sir;
it is one of the very worst features about it,
and there cannot be any mistake about this.
It is as the Senator from Missouri has well
said; if these men are to discharge this duty
conscientiously, fully, completely, then you
must give them I do not know how much time,
and if they do not take a great time their
report is to be an electioneering document, to
have influence upon the public mind, to influ-
ence the people of the United States to favor
this pet scheme of annexation.
I, sir, shall vote to refer this resolution to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, where it
properly belongs; and I am a little surprised
that an attempt should be made to force a
proposition of this magnitude through the Sen-
ate without a reference to any committee. I
am surprised that such a thing as that should
be done. I shall vote, in the first place, for
referring it to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and, if that fails, or whenever the com-
mittee shall report it back, I shall vote against
it. I am in favor of meeting the question at
once, and not dallying with it. If the Senate
is willing to recede from its position, if it is
willing to countermarch, I will not say at the
command, but at the suggestion of the Execu-
tive, let it do so. If not, let it put an end to
this thing at once.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, desirous as I
am of acquiring all the information that might
guide my action on this very important ques-
tion, I was disposed at once to vote against
the reference of this resolution; but a remark
dropped by the distinguished Senator from In-
diana has peculiar significance, coming from
him, and it has changed my intention upon that
vote. The Senator from Indiana said that it
was highly probable that this commission would
be composed of members of Congress who were
already under pay. As I have already re-
marked, that intimation has peculiar signifi-
cance, coming from the Senator from Indiana;
and looking at the resolution I deem it proper
that it should go to a committee, for the very
purpose of inquiring, among other things,
whether it be not only advisable, but necessary,
that a provision should be inserted in the res-
olution that these commissioners shall not be
members of Congress. Why? If this commis-
sion is not an office within the meaning of the
Constitution of the United States, created dur
ing the term of the present members, it is the
next thing to it. It" it were an office techni-
cally, within the language of the Constitution,
then no member of Congress could be appoi nteu
to it. I do not stop to discuss the question
whether it is or not, but all the reasons which
would be operative to prevent the appointmen t
of a member of Congress to an office created
during his term ought to prevail to prevent his
appointment upon this commission.
