1020
GOJr&RiSSlOKAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. 6HANDLER, I think we shall be
able to come to a vote if the Senator from
Kansas will allow the discussion to go o'n. I
think there is no friend of the measure who
desires to be heard upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Wis:
cousin, [Mr. Howe,] who had this day assigned
to his committee, does not care to go on. with
the bills of that committee, I will not insist
upon making the motion I was about to make,
to postpone the further consideration'of this
bill, '
: Sir. CHANDLER. That motion lias already
been made arid lost.
Mr. POMEROY. I , have seen several
motions made and lost, and again carried.
Mr, HAMILTON, of Maryland. I intend
to submit some remarks on'this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall go on.
I am very anxious to hear the Senator from
Maryland. It is a very interesting subject.
Mr. POMEROY, (to Mr. Howe.) Shall I
make the motion?
. Mr. HOWE. I would be glad to have the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senator from Wis-
consin desires the motion to be made, I will
make the motion again.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we had better
listen to the other Senator from Maryland.
The subject is very interesting.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no end to this
debate.
Mr. HOWE. I did not intend to make this
motion, but as the gentleman from Kansas has
been good enough to make it, I will simply say
that I am as much in favor of this bill now
pending probably as the Senator from Mich-
igan or any other Senator here, and I shall
vote for it with as much alacrity, if I should
happen to live until a vote is taken.
Mr. POMEROY. You never will live long
enough for that.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, I am al-
ready past the meridian of life, and I have no
hope that there are years enough left to me to
Bee the Congress of the United States act upon
this measure; and I do not know that I shall
live long enough to see the Congress of the
United States make any fair attempt to con-
sider the question of the indebtedness of the
Government to the several claimants scattered
throughout the United States.
With regard to these bills which the Senate
agreed to consider to-day, I think I ought to
say to the Senate that the Committee on Claims
have reserved no commission on them what-
ever. We have no money to make out of them.
That is not our business at all. We have been
instructed to examine these questions, and we
have made certain reports. I hoped, and when
those instructions came to us and we devoted
sur attention to them I thought the Senate, after
we had examined them and given to the Sen-
ate the result of our conclusions, would con-
sider them themselves. You have heard of
Sisyphus, I suppose. I never knew him my-
self, [laughter,] but I have been told that he
was an unhappy wretch who was doomed to
spend his days and his years in rolling a stone
up an inclined plane, and when he had got it
to the top have it rolled back again. That is
the work which seems to have been assigned
to the Committee 011 Claims. We have been
examining claims and reporting bills, favor-
ably or unfavorably, to have them fall at the
end of the session and come back to us just as
good as new when a new session opened. We
would just as lief, so far as we are individually
concerned, do this as anything.
Nsw, the Senator from Kansas thinks the
rest of this day ought to be given to the con-
sideration of these bills. It is but a fraction
of time. Still, we can do something in that
time. I should rather myself take the day
after to-morrow, which upon the Calendar is
unassigned ; but it is suggested to me that
Ihursday and Friday are preempted by the
Committee ou Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. Those days are filed on.
They haVe not been preempted, but filed on.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know exactly what
the difference is. Saturday, I understand, is
secured to two other committees, and a part of
riext week is already assigned; how much I
do not know. I should prefer to have a "fall
afternoon. There are something over fifty
bills on my table now. There are a number
of them which have already passed the House.
Mr. POMEROY. Those can be passed
to-day.
Mr. HOWE. It would be peculiarly incon-
venient to the House, as well as to us, if those
bills should fail to receive the attention of the
Senate. Bat I submit the question to the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the motion to
postpone the present bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Kansas is to postpone
the pending bill and proceed to the consid-
eration of the order assigned for to-day, being
bills from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will vote with the
Senator for any day he will elect in the future.
The Senator says he is in favor of this bill, and
always has been, but he does not think old
Father Time will leave him sufficient space 011
earth to ever reach a vote. We never shall
reaeh it unless thetime eomeswhen the Senate
will say that it will "sit it out," We have
had courtesy and delays of every kind to con-
tend against; and although I think the Senate
will bear me witness that I have been con-
stant,'• in season and out of season," in urging
the consideration of this matter, I have never
before been able to bring it up to the point
where gentlemen were ready for a debate and
a vote to follow the debate. We have now
reached th^t point; and if the Senate will give
the Senator from Wisconsin any other day
that he may name I will vote for it, and I
hope we may be allowed to go on now and
take a vote upon this bill. I am ready for a
vote now without opening my lips, and I pre-
sume the whole Senate are.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to vote. I
never have said a word about this bill for years.
I would be willing to vote if we could vote ;
but I have ascertained that no vote can be
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, yes; it can.
Mr. POMEROY. Not to day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think so.
Mr. POMEROY. Why do we want to spend
day after day, at the closing hours of the ses-
sion, without reaching any result? The Sen-
ator knows very well that if the bill passed the
Senate it would never see daylight in the House
of Representatives at this session. It is of no
earthly use to pass it here.
Mr. CHANDLER. It can pass the House,
I am informed by members. They have had
it underdiscussion, and are ready to pass it if
we do. It can be taken from the Speaker's
table and become a law, and we may have the
railroad within eighteen months from this day
if we hold on to the bill now when we are
ready for a vote.
I am anxious to hear my honorable friend
from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton.] It is a par-
ticularly interesting subject, and I should like
to hear the points argued. I want that he
should be allowed to goon and finish his speech,
and so as to any other gentleman who desires
to speak ; but I hope no friends of the measure
will reply to anything that may be said, because
I think everybody has made up his mind pre-
cisely how he is going to vote on this bill. I
think every man is perfectly informed upon it,
and I hope the Senate will continue the dis-
cussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas, to lay aside this bill and proceed to the
consideration of the business indicated by him,
being the reports of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. POMEROY
called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2a, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Davis. Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland. Howe, Johnston, Pomeroy.
Pratt, Boss, Scott, Spraguo. Stockton, Thayer,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, and
Williams—25.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter. Chandler,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin. Harlan, Harris. How-
ard, Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, Puce, Robertson, Sherman, Stearns, Stewart,
Sumner. and Warner—21. _ _
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Buckingham,
Cameron, Cattell, Oorbett, G'rasrin, Edmunds, Feu-
ton, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Kellogg, Lewis,
MeCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Spencer, Wilson, and Yates—27.
So the motion was agreed to.
hiram a. cutting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order assign-
ing this day for the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Claims is now in oper-
ation.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1010) for the relief of Hiram A. Cutting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless a division
is demanded, that bill is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I wish' to say, before the bill
is read, that I desire to reserve the right to
return bills to the Calendar that seem likely,
when they are explained, to lead to debate.
I want to dispose of business as far as I can
and avoid debate as much as I can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin desires to reserve the right to have
bills go back upon the Calendar which give
rise to prolonged debate, so as to take up
unobjected bills. The bill now before the
Senate will be read. *
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the sum of fifty dollars to Hiram A. Cut-
ting, of Lunenburg, Essex county, Vermont,
for that amount of revenue stamps destroyed
by fire.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. CORBETr. Is there a report in the
case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no written report. It is an appropriation
of fifty dollars.
The bill was passed.
hull and cozzens, and others.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 089.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (II R.
No. 689) for the relief of Hull & Cozzens,
and John Naylor.ifc Co.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. P0MER01. That bill has been read
once.
lhe \ ICE PRESIDEN T. Ithasbeen read,
but the Secretary will report it again as it has
been some time since it was considered, and a
was then amended.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as amended,
as follows:
Be it enarted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and be is hereby, authorize ( and directed
to audit and settle the nccounts of Hull a Ooix.mi-,
wirr,!lCOn|rfCtJWl1th 3 llrk H'- tiovoi nor of
fit , r t the 2vli of November. }&>>, and
™tr,r°l S,° C,.„ under a s.miHr
contract, dated tho ot iebruarv, l&od. f  r fur-
mshmg material* u>rf he cupitol buildup at Omaha
uln 2 a' "a ,*oriV°,ry' to P},>* tho sui.t
Hull & Co7zqns, and to John Naylor k Co., out of
any money m Ujo Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, any balance which may be found duo them
2.?^eirifdld.i'°,ntPcts*.nofe to exceed the stun oi
^ Su e 4 ihat in making such settieiin'iif
and before payment, he«hatl besatklied by the ev i-
aence wiat their eoutracts have been huthfuih int-
ruled; that tho materials supplied bv tuetn wei-*
accepted aod used by tho Unitod States. and that
