196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
gress, and which would be beneficial iu enlight-
ening their deliberations ou a particular sub-
ject, a resolution calling for such information
is not ordinarily and in the practice of either
House of Congress referred to a committee.
But is that the case under consideration ? Sir,
the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schurz] did not magnify or expand tho con-
tents and meaning of this resolution. It spreads
wider even than his language characterized it.
If this resolution is to pass, and there is to be
a full, ample, truthful, impartial response to
it, it would take years to acquire the informa-
tion ; arid I do not think any man of candor will
dispute that conclusion. -
Bat, sir, I suppose that would not be the
course of this commission. The honorable Sen-
ator who moved the resolution suggested that
members of Congress, who have already their
pay provided for them, should be appointed to
it, and that men without compensation upon
that particular subject would thus be selected
to go and perform the work. The honorable
Senator does not know, of course he cannot
know, who will be appointed upon this commis-
sion. No roan can know. That question it is
proposed to refer to the President, and to the
President alone. He is to select a commission
to carry forward and "give aid and strength to
his pet measure, which can only be secured by
a flagitiousviolationofthe Constitution. Whom
would he select, in all probability, but men who
were willing and prepared to carry out his pur-
poses and wishes in relation to the matter?
Who knows that a report is not now drawn
up and ready to be signed by supple commis-
sioners whom he would designate to act under
this resolution ? Is there a man so credulous
inlhe Senate or out of the Senate as to believe
that the President of the United States would
appoint commissioners of such elevation of in-
tellect, of such an amount of information, of
such enlarged views, of such statesmanship, of
such a character for principle and justice and
integrity, as would give a full, truthful, and
fair response to this resolution? No, sir; I
am not so credulous as to come to any such
conclusion. The truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth is not what the Senate
and the nation would get under this resolu-
tion. It would be a commission appointed by
the President, ssbsidiary to his feelings and
views, seeking only to meet his wishes and
purposes, and subserviently to carry them into
effect. It would be a commission that would
give rise to a report that would be entitled, iu
my judgment, to no faith, to no credit, either
from the Senate or the people of the United
States. I should have no confidence in a com-
mission thus raised ; I should have no confi-
dence in its report, of its work. I believe that
its report would be an attempt to deceive and
overslaugh the truth, and impose perverted or
false views upon the Senate and the country
in relation to the subject, and not to give them
the benefit of ftjll and perfect and complete
light upon so important a matter.
I have therefore, Mr. President, cometothe
conclusion that this project for the appointment
of a commission ought to be dropped; that the
Senate ought lo give it no countenance, no
support; that such a commission ought never
to be raised. If the purpose of acquiring
Dominica is persevered in, there ought to be
other modes and means of obtaining the truth
and die whole truth in relation to the import-
ant items embodied in this resolution than are
proposed in it. At any rate, on the subject
of referring this Resolution to a committee, it
seems to me, when we consider the question as
to what form the resolution should be thrown
into by that committee, what should be the
recommendations of that committee as to the
matters to be inquired into, how the inquiry
should be made, and all relating to the execu-
tion of such a resolution, there could not be a
more legitimate and certainly no subject of
greater importance leferred by the Senate to a
committee.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I ara very
much surprised at the course this debate has
taken. It is clear that the merits of the pro-
ject o: annexation are not now befone the Sen-
ate, but it is equally well known that the subject
of the annexation of foreign territory is before
Congress, if not in fact, in substance, and is
before the country, and has been largely dis-
cussed throughout the country. It is well known
that this question has been before the Senate
heretofore. I am not at liberty, of course, to
say what has occurred here in executive ses-
sion ; but the fact that a treaty for the annex-
ation of this foreign territory has been before
the Senate and been rejected is a matter of
public and official information.
It is well known that when this project was
before the country some time ago the news-
papers of the country, and those who outside
of this Chamber publicly opposed annexation,
did it partly upon the ground that we had not
the necessary information on which to base
action; and the President's action was sharply
criticised in this, that he had sent an officer
of his personal staff, an officer of the Army,
not known to the country as a civilian and
statesman, to negotiate a treaty, and that it
was submitted here with insufficient informa-
tion. The newspapers of the country and those
opposing the treaty charged that we had not
information as to the character of the popula-
tion, as to whether the Baez Government did
rest on the will of the people, as to its financial
condition, as to whether or not we should be
involved in war with llayti, as to the strength
of Cabral and his faction. All these matters
were held up before the country as matters
about which we were ignorant, and no doubt
the minds of many men were influenced in that
way. They regarded the proposition of annex-
ation as one the wisdom of which was to bo
proven clearly first, and thought that when in
doubt the vote was to be cast in the negative.
Now, Mr. President, in the light of all these
facts the President of the United States, having
deemed this a matter of sufficient importance
to urge it upon Congress in the strongest terms
in his annual message, comes forward in that
direct and straightforward way which has ever
characterized his public action, and with that
full faith in the wisdom of this project which
he has, and asks that Congress themselves shall
appoint a commission to inquire into all these
facts touching the wisdom and propriety of
annexing this territory. The friends.of annexa-
tion are the parties who urge this thorough and
complete investigation ; and it seems to me
surprising, indeed, that any one opposed to
annexation, and who believes that a thorough
knowledge of the facts will prove to Congress
and to the country that annexation is unwise,
should throw any obstacle in the way of a
thorough and complete investigation.
We are bound to assume that the Executive
will appoint to the discharge of these duties
men ot high character and intelligence whose
report will carry moral weight throughout the
country. We cannot assume otherwise. As to
the length of time required by this investiga-
tion, the resolution fixes no time. There is
nothing in it that determines whether they shall
take thirty days, sixty days, or six months, to
conduct this investigation. No one will deny
that the information which three able, honest,
and capable men could acquire iu thirty or
sixty days in the island of San Domingo would
be of great value to every member of Congress
in determining his action.
It seems to me it is a matter of the plainest
common sense, of plain business sense, to say
nothing of statesmanship and prudence, that
we should seek all the information within our
reach on this subject. This- is one means of
acquiring that information; and I was sur-
prised that the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana and the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts were not both adopted
without a dissenting voice. Let us have all
the information that both afford, and then if
the question comes before us for action we
shall have as far as possible the data upon
which to act correctly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
this question seems to be treated as though it
were a measure of the President of the United
States. I do not understand that the Presi-
dent in his message recommended thi3 par-
ticular measure for the acquisition of San
Domingo. I suppose that it is a measure intro-
duced by the Senator from Indiana on his sole
responsibility; and while I always differ with
that distinguished Senator with great regret
and some distrust of my own judgment, I feel
at as much liberty to vote against this propo-
sition, if my judgment and conscience com-
mand me, as against any other which may be
brought up by any other Senator unindorsed
by a committee.
Now, the question assumes here that we shall
vote this as a mere matter of courtesy to the
President. Well, sir, I feel as much courtesy
for the President as any member of the Senate;
Ihaveno doubtof his sincerity norof the purity
of his motives ; he has discharged his duty and
we must discharge ours ; but he has been en-
gaged in this so far that he has become under
the peculiar circumstances a partisan for the
annexation of San Domingo as well as the Sen-
ator from Indiana. I have, therefore, a right
to my judgment and the expression of my opin-
ion ou this subject, notwithstanding I pay all
proper deference to that of the President.
What is to be the result of this joint resolu-
tion? If we decide in favor of it will not every
man who votes for it be under some obligation
to vote for the annexation of San Domingo,
provided this commission shall report, as from
necessity it must, in favor of it? Clearly that
is the intention of this resolution, or it means
nothing at all. They are to go out there and
make this investigation; in thirty days the
Senator from Indiana intimates there is a pos-
sibility of doing it, certainly in sixty days; and
if their report when it comes in shall he favor-
able, then will not every Senator here who
has voted in favor of authorizing this commis-
sion be bound in common fairness to accent
of their report and vote in favor of the annex-
ation?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him ? '
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. He seems to treat this reso-
lution as authorizing this commission to report
for or against annexation. It confers no author-
ity ot the kind. They are simply to report upon
the facts that they may elicit iu regard to cer-
tain subjects. They are also to report on what
terms the Government of San Domingo may
propose annexation; but they are not author-
ized to give any opinion of their own.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, it all goes on the assumption that if the
facts are favorable annexation is the object, the
sole object.
Mr. MORTON. One word. The resolution
does not authorize the commissioners to report
in favor of the project or against it; but it is
for each Senator, without being committed in
any way, upon the facts to determine what he
will do. It leaves every Senator free and does
not commit him in anv respect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not so
understand it, Mr. President. These facts are
to be reported for the purpose of basing the
action of the Senate upon them, and for noth-
ing else ; else wiiy genu them there? And we
know beforehand that a commission so con-
stituted, and over so fairly constituted, must
bring back a favorable report.
Now, sir, in relation to Use subject matter of
this joint resolution, I have taken some pains
to investigate the facts that are sought here,
examining many authorities, going back in tho
history of the country for throe hundred years.
Can it be supposed that nny facts will be
reported here by a commission going down to
San Domingo and spending thirty or (sixty days,
