1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
placed on record here by which we may be gov-
erned hereafter in distinguishing this case from
other cases which may come up.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend give way, and
allow me to return this bill to the Calendar and
call up another bill?
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution will be returned to the Calendar.
.HEIRS OF ALEXANDER WATSON.
Mr. HOWE. I move now to take up 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to move to take up Senate
bill No. 836?
Mr. HOWE. Is it on my file?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say? in general
terms, that the bill which I move to take up
has nothing to do with the civil war. It is a
bill to compensate the heirs of Alexander
Watson for some property taken possession
of by the troops of the United States a long
time ago, I confess, in the Florida war. But
a claim was made for the property immediately
after the close of the war, and there have been
at least three, and I think four reports of com-
mittees of this body upon the claim, and every
committee has unanimously reported in favor
of its payment. Itisaclaim that comes within
the principle of the general law which was
passed in 1816, if I am not mistaken, under
which claims for injuries done to property in
the war of 1812 were adjusted. It has been
reported three or four times and always favor-
ably; and I hope it may pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 836) for the relief of Jane Allen Birck-
head was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Committee on Claims reported amend-
ments to the bill in line four, to strike out the
words "daughter and heir-at-law" and to
insert "and other heirs-at-law," and in line
seven to strike out ufifty?one thousand" and
insert "thirty thousand;" so as to make the
bill read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
pay to Jane Allen Birckhead, and other heirs-at-law
of Alexander Watson, deceased, oat of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $30,000 for property lost, captured, or destroyed
in Floridaduring the Indian hostilitiescommentjing
in 1835.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read "A bill
for the relief of Jane Allen Birckhead and other
heirs-at-law of Alexander Watson, deceased."
RIGHTS OF MINERS.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to give way for a moment, that I
may call up the bill (H. R. No. 1103) to define
and protect the rights of miners, and to encour-
age the development of mines, which was
reconsidered this morning. The Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] and myself have
examined it, and it is now all right; and I
hope will be allowed to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas desires to amend the mining bill by
amending the amendment proposed this morn-
ing by the Senator from Nevada by inserting
in the fifth line, after the word " occupation,"
the words "for mining purposes." Is there
ojection? The Chair hears none. These amend-
ments are concurred in, and the bill as amended
is again passed.
SUSAN A. SHELBY.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Claims if he will allow me to
fall up a bill reported from his committee.
Senate bill No. 942? There is-a report accom-
panying the bill.
There Wing no objection, the bill (S. "No.
942) for the relief of Mrs. Susan A. Shelby
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
paying to Mrs. Susan A. Shelby, of Port Gib-
son, in the State of Mississippi, $10,351 02, in
full of her claim for cotton captured and sold
by the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The Chief Clerk read the report submitted
by Mr. Kellogg, on the 26th of May last, from
the Committee on Claims:
The Committee.on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 942) for the relief of Susan A. Shelby,
have had the same under consideration, and make*
the following report:
The claimant is a widow lady, and during a portion
of the war resided at Port Gibson with her family,
consisting of two daughters. At the time of the
seoession of Mississippi she was the owner of a small
property in Port Gibson, and possessed in her own
right thirty-five slaves,- whom at an early period
during the war she emancipated.
During the progress of the war, and as early as
1863, she invested what money she had in cotton,
with the hope of saving something for her children
and also to enable her to pay off a small mortgage
on her homestead; and believing that the Union
forces would aid her in getting it into the Federal
lines,shesucceeded in purchasing one hundred bales
of upland cotton, which she secreted on the planta-
tion of a friendly neighbor in the vicinity of Port
Gibson. It appears that she was encouraged fey Gen-
eral McPherson and leading Union citizens to adopt
that course as the best way to save something for
herself and children.
After she had purchased the one hundred bales
of cotton, she obtained permits, first from General
McPherson, then from General Slocum, and lastly
from General Dana, (the successive commanders at
Vicksburg,) to transport her cotton to Vicksburg.
After considerable delay, she obtained thenecessary
transportation to move the cotton to the river \ but
the small detail of Union soldiers which had been
furnished to protect the cotton in transitu were over-
powered, the cotton was captured by the rebels, and
carried to a place where they stored their cotton.
Incited by this attempt to get her cotton out of
the confederate lines, and also by her well-known
loyalty, the confederates threatened her with per-
sonal violence, and, by a system of persecution and
abuse, drove the claimant from her house. She fled
first to Vicksburg and thence to New Orleans, where
she remained until the close of hostilities.
After that section of the country had been brought
under the authority of the United States. Colonel
George W. Jackson, commanding the ninth Indiana
cavalry, was sent to Grand Gulf and Port Gibson,
with orders to capture and secure to the United
States all the confederate cotton in Claiborne county,
Mississippi. In pursuance of such orders he collected
a large amount of cotton, which was turned over to
the Treasury agents, or sent to Colonel Earie, who
was then stationed at Rodney, to be by him turned
over to the Treasury agents, and shipped either to
Memphis and Cincinnati or New Orleans for sale.
It appears that the one hundred bales of cotton be-
longing to claimant were stored with the confederate
cotton, and on or about the 1st day of June. 1865, it
was seized by Colonel Jackson's command, together
with other cotton. Of this cotton one hundred and
thirty-four bales were turned over to A. A. Dewey,
Treasury agent at Port Gibson, and by him shipped
to Memphis and thence to Cincinnati, where it was
sold by William P. Mellon, general agent of the
Treasury Department. The proceeds of seventy-two
bales of this cotton were released by order of the
President to a Mrs. Miller; the remaining sixty-
two bales were sold ; the net proceeds, amounting to
$7,294 68, were paid into the Treasury.
The remaining thirty eight bales were shipped by
Colonel Jackson, with a lot of one hundred and
sixty-five bales, to Colc-nel Earle, at Rodney, where
it was turned over to Treasury Agent J. J. Musha-
way, by whom it was shipped to New Orleans, where
it was sold, and the net proceeds, amounting to the
sum of $13,270 93, was paid into the Treasury- Of
this amount claimant is entitled only to value of
thirty-eight bales, and as the cotton realized only
$80 43 per bale, it would amount to ยง3,056 34. The
amount realized for thesixty-two bales added to this
sum would amount to $10,351 02.
Colonel Jackson admits that Mrs. Shelby's cotton
was seized and turned over to the Treasury agents,
and says that he would have released her cotton and
returned it to her, but that ho had no authority to do
so. This Colonel Jackson states in a letter directed
to claimant at the time of the seizure, and he reports
it in a letter to General Grant, in which he recom-
mends a settlement of the claim. This letter bears
the following indorsement by General Grant: "I
would join with Colonel Jackson in recommending
that a fair settlement be made with Mrs. Shelby for
cotton of. hers which Government got actual posses-
sion of."
The loyalty of claimant, her ownership of the cot-
ton, and the seizure of the same by Colonel Jack-
son's forces, are well established by the concurrent
testimony of many witnesses, and are admitted by
the Federal officers who were there at the time and
acquainted with all the facts. Not only was claim-
ant loyal, but she did all she could in aid of the
Federal Army. The main difficulty connected with
this claim appears to have been in identifying the
cotton and in tracing the proceeds of it into the
Treasury of the United States. The House Commit-
tee on Claims was strongly impressed with the jus-
tice of this claim, and made several attempts to get
official evidence of the receipt of the proceeds by the
Treasury Department, but apparently failed to do
so. Notwithstanding this they recommended a bill
for the payment of $5,000, which passed the House
at the last session.
Since the House bill has been before this commit-
tee the Treasury Department have been requested
to furnish information on this subject. A full report
of all cotton seized in the county of Claiborne, Mis-
sissippi, was sent to the committee. All previous
calls, it seems, had only requested a return of the
facts concerning Mrs. Shelby's cotton ; but as her
name did not appear in the records in connection
with this cotton, it having been stored with the con-
federate cotton, the return from the Department did
not furnish the necessary evidence.
The return to the last call upon the Department
furnishes all the facts connected with the seizure,
shipment, and sale of all the cotton taken in that
county; and in comparing the evidence in this case
with the dates of seizures and shipments of cotton
from that county, your committee are satisfied that
her cotton was seized by Colonel Jackson's com-
mand ; that it was turned over to the Treasury agents,
shipped, and sold as above described, and the pro-
ceeds thereof paid into the Treasury of the United
States, amounting to the sum of $10.3ol 02. They
therefore report the accompanying bill as a sub-
stitute for House bill No. 408, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Government of
the United States pay for this cotton they
might as well pay for ail the cotton that was
transferred to the Treasury Department. This
cotton was evidently seized by the rebels and
appropriated to their own use. So far as any
title in this lady was concerned, a title acquired
during the war, it was extinguished; the cotton
belonged to the confederate States. If they
could acquire any title whatever to property
of this kind, as a matter of course they pos-
sessed this. They had it in their possession,
and it was Vecaptured by us. It seems to me
that that does not lay the foundation of any
claim at all. If there is a disposition to give
this lady this sum of money for her private
benefit, that is well enough ; but she has no
claim to the cotton. It was captured in the
regular course of war by the confederate States,
and recaptured by our troops, and the money
was properly paid over to the Treasury of the
United States. If you go back and trace the
origin of all the cotton that has been sold and
converted into money and paid into the Treas-
ury, and agree to pay those who originally
owned the cotton provided they were loyal,
the probability is that you will trace back to
loyal owners nearly all the cotton taken in the
confederate States.
Mr. WILSON. Is not everybody in the
South loyal when he has a claim against the
Government ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Everybody that there is
any proof about tarns out to be loyal. They
are all loyal!
The bill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. CARPEN rER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG. I simply desire to make
one remark in reply to what the Senator from
Ohio has said. There is no question as to the
loyalty of this claimant. There is no question
that she had the cotton. There is no ques-
tion that the cotton was seized by an agent of
the United States and sold, and the proceeds
of the cotton went into the Treasury of the
Tinned States, and that it is fuliy and com-
pletely identified. It was her property. She
was a loyal resident of Mississippi, loyal from
the beginning. The proceeds of the prop-
erty sold at the instance of the United States
Government by an agent of the Government
went into the Treasury of the United States
and have been identified. That is the case,
and I am ready to submit such a case to the
Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a few words to
