1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
say on this subject. I had occasion to look
into this claim some time during the last session,
and I made up my mind that it was a merit-
orious claim. There is no doubt about the
perfect loyalty of this lady, and not only her
loyalty, but her absolute devotion under cir-
cumstances very trying and very difficult to
the cause of the Union. I shall vote in favor
of giving this lady the money, because I think
her deserving of it; not because she happened
to be the owner of the cotton, but because she
was loyal. She did everything in her power
at the place where she was to uphold the cause
of the Union. She and her family underwent
great hardships in carrying out their principles
and befriending the Union soldiers and officers
under all circumstances. There was something
peculiar in her case, something exceptional.
She was not simply loyal and neutral, but she
was loyal and active and devoted to the cause
of the country under circumstances very trying
to her asa woman. I think in such cases, which
in their nature are exceptional, we ought to be
liberal and fair.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, if I ever
had any hope of resisting any of these claims I
surrender it now. If the Senator from Michi-
gan, who has so long been the champion of
what I think is sound doctrine on this subject,
who has so long resisted the allowance of these
claims, whose position and influence and char-
acter as a lawyer give him so much weight in
this body, and deservedly so, can find in this
case anything to except it from the general
principle which is to be adhered to, he cer-
tainly has an amount of ingenuity that he has
not even yet displayed to the Senate.
Now, what are the facts of this case that
make it so " peculiar?" This woman was a
resident in the State of Mississippi which was
in insurrection throughout, from one end of
the State to the other. She was possessed of
cotton. If our armies had gone to Mississippi
and had taken that cotton by force and sold it
and paid the money over to the Treasury, that
would be precisely such a ease as the Senator
from West Virginia presented here on the part
of the Quakers of Loudoun county, which the
Senator from Michigan and myself voted
against. But the case does not end there.
This woman's title to compensation, as I un-
derstand the distinction, and the only one in
fact between the two eases, is that the rebels
captured this property from her and took it
into their custody and then we captured it from
them as legitimate prize of war, after they had
taken it from her. It' there is any difference
between the two cases in matter of principle,
certainly the case of the Quakers is a great
deal stronger than the case of this woman. I
voted against that, and I shall vote against this
a great deal more cheerfully than I did against
that. The ease, as it seems to me, is infinitely
stronger against this claimant than it was
against them.
The misfortune of this whole business is
that every single ease will be "peculiar," and
every single case can be distinguished in some
shade of fact from every other. One is pre-
sented by a Quaker, one is presented by an
old man who is in distress, one is presented
by an infant who has nothing to live upon,
one by a widow, and so on. If we are to lose
sight of fundamental principles we can always
find excuses enough and reasons enough to
pass all these claims; and if this claim is to
be passed, as far as I am concerned I am in
favor of a general amnesty, a general bill to
indemnify everybody south of Mason and Dix-
oii'n line for everything they suffered from
18Gi to 18G5, and that will end the whole busi-
nesu, reach the same result, and save all the
debate and time spent in Congress,
Mr. President, the more yoti reflect upon
this question the more it is manifest that there
is no dividing line here. We are to stand upon
the rights of the Government engaged in a pub-
lic war against these States, orwe must payall
tjie§e claims; and we ought to pay them $11.
A rebel is a citizen ; he lives within the legal
dominion of the United States; and when he
is in court, as the Senator from Kentucky says,
he is entitled to the safeguards which the Con-
stitution throws around the traitor on trial in
a Federal tribunal. But that is not this case;
that is not the case that existed in this country
from 1861 to 1865. Rebellion had swollen
beyond the power of the civil arm to control
it. Your marshals and constables and sheriffs
were silent and powerless; your civil law was
set at naught; your Constitution was at an
end, so far as that country was concerned.
You did not go down there to enforce civil ad-
ministration s you went there exercising the war
power of the Government j you went to prose-
cute and make war against a public enemy.
Your rights were the rights which belong to a
power making war against a public enemy.
Now, it is proposed to turn around and indem-
nify the losses you made; to say to any State
hereafter that may rebel " we send to-day the
Secretary of War to bum and ravage and lay
waste; but do not be too much excited about
this, next year we will send the Secretary of
the Treasury to make it all blossom again like
a garden."
Mr. HOWARD. I thought I made myself
well enough understood when I was up before
in regard to this bill, but it seems my friend
from Wisconsin did not understand me. I
stated fkor intended to state, that I regarded
this bill in favor of Mrs. Shelby as an excep-
tional case, exceptional in this sense, that,
although she was in the midst of the enemy's
country, she was actually rendering aid and
assistance to the Union troops. If that is not
a sufficient basis for recognizing her claim for
the destruction or confiscation of her property
I cannot very well conceive what would be. In
the midst of the enemy's country, surrounded
by foes, by spies, and by the difficulties of such
a situation, she was true and loyal to her coun-
try, rendering aid and assistance, at the hazard
of her life and that of her family, to the Union
forces. That is an appeal, not, I confess, to
strict law—for I do not agree that the claim
rests upon strict law—but it is an appeal to
my sense of justice and generosity.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to ask my
learned and esteemed friend from Michigan,
how this case differs from Dr. Best's case?
What was Dr. Best doing when he was upon
his house making signals to the Union troops?
The Senator resisted the case of Dr. Best,
and he led the charge against it with his ac-
customed ability, upon the general principle.
Now that general principle cuts this case as
straight as it does that, as far as I can see.
Mr. HOWARD. In the case of Best the
proof, if I recollect rightly, was that his
house was demolished in the actual operation
of a battle on the field. It was one of the
accidents, one of the casualties of actual fight-
ing. That is not the case exactly of this lady.
In such a case as that, where the damage is
done in the proseeution of military operations
on the field of battle in an actual engagement,
or what is tantamount to it, I hold that nobody
has any claim to indemnification, because it is
a calamity which, like thunder or lightning,
strikes both friends and foes.
Mr. SCOTT. It is entirely apparent that
the principle for which my friend from Michi-
gan and my friend from Wiscousin have been
contending will not stand when you come to
apply it to one who has been a friend of the
Union. I do not propose to reconcile the
differences arising between them in the appli-
cation of their own principle, for I take the
other side of that question. But I do not agree
in the statement made by the Senator from
Wisconsin, that at the time Mrs. Shelby's
cotton was captured we were waging a war
against the rebellious States. We were waging
a war against the rebellious citizens of the
United States. The public enemy which he
characterises Wfts that body of the people of
this United States who were in rebellion, not
that portion of them who were giving the
Union cause aid and comfort.
It became my duty as a member of the Com-
mittee on Claims partially to investigate this
claim in connection with the Senator from
Louisiana who has made the report, and in
that investigation I was entirely satisfied of
the two elements in the case which in my mind
entitle Mrs. Shelby to a compensation for her
cotton; first, that she was undoubtedly, un-
waveringly, and through all circumstances of
trial and difficulty; loyal to the UnitedStates;
second, that the cotton for which she claims
was identified as hers, was sold, and the pro-
ceeds covered into the Treasury of the United
States. Treating her, then, as loyal to the
Government and her property as having been
sold and the proceeds covered into the Treas-
ury, I think upon the principle of those of us
who treat loyal citizens in the southern States
as being as good as loyal citiz'ens in the north-
ern States, and as well entitled to the protec-
tion of the Government, her bill ought to pass
and she ought to get her money. I shall vote
for it.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought to have a short
executive session.
Mr. HARLAN. I will give way for that
motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope we shall be allowed
to have a vote on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Iowa will withdraw his motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I will yield for a motion
to go into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. KELLOGG and others. Let us have a
vote on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield for a vote on this propo-
sition?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will give rise to more
debate.
Mr. KELLOGG. Oh, no, there will be no
more debate; the yeas and nays have been
ordered on its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will come up as tho
unfinished business in the morning.
Mr. POMEROY. The appropriation bill
will come up to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio insist on his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. This matter
will come up in the morning as unfinished
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for a division.
Mr. KELLOGG. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio to allow us to take a vote on the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can get a vote in
the morning.
Mr. KELLOGG. We can get it out of the
way now, and it will give rise to debate in the
morning if it should go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin demands a division on the motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question^
recurs on the passage of the bill, on which the*
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman. Brown-
low. Cassette, Davis. Flanagan. Jfowler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Kill, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald,
Pratt. Bice, Bobertson, Scott, Thurman, Vickers.
and Willey—20.
NATS—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler. Corbett,
Gilbert, Harlan, Howell, Morrill of Vermont,Osborn,.
Pomeroy, Boss, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—15,
