202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
belonging to every class excepted by this bill.
"Why, then, make any discrimination now ? As
to amnesty, each State has passed an amnesty
act in the South which, so far as quarrels,
suits, and indictments are concerned, accom-
plishes all the purposes intended by this bill
in a vast majority of the cases, to wit, in all
criminal proceedings in the State courts. It
is because of our having aided with our might
the cause of the late rebellion that we ask
amnesty and the removal of our disabilities.
If we had done nothing we would not need
amnesty, and as we did all we could then, so
now we pledge an equal faith, an equal zeal,
an equal energy in the cause of the Union.
We shall therefore vote first for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] and then for the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth. j
Mr. B1NGJIAM resumed the floor.
Mr. SHOBI5R. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield to me for five
minutes?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot do so; I have
already yielded all the time I can spare. I
would inquire of the Chair how much time I
have left?
The SPEAKER. Thirty-five minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Havingyielded to others
twenty five minutes of my hour, I ask, before
I enter upon my argument, the indulgence of
the House to be allowed fifteen minutes more
time.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that will be granted.
The SPEAKER. It lias already been ordered
that general debate on this bill pha.ll continue
until three o'clock. That time has already
been assigned to. several gentlemen. If fur-
ther time for debate is to be allowed it must
be by the consent of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who has charge of
this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my colleague to allow
the time for debate to be extended, so as to -
give fifteen minutes more to the gentleman from
Ohio and ten minutes to another gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The diffi-
culty is that there are twenty members of the
House who desire an extension of the time for
debate. I would be very glad to extend the
time as long as indicated by my colleague [Mr.
Dawes] if ir, would stop there.
Mr. DAWES. Try the experiment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have i
tried it twice already. 1 will try it once more.
The SPEAKER. For whose benefit ii the
additional ten minutes?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand it is for the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Conker]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
fifteen minutes additional time will be given to
thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and
ten minutes to the gentleman from Texas.
Therefore, the Chair will rule that half past
three is the time for calling the previous ques-
tion.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am grateful to the House
for the generosity manifested to me by the exten-
sion of my time. I do not hope in the short
period of fifty minutes allowed me to discuss a
question which touches the honor, and, in some
sense, the prosperity of the American people.
The House will take notice that in addition to
the bill reported from the Committee on Recon-
struction by the honorablegentleman from Mas- j
sachusetts [Mr. Bctler] there are pending four
amendments, to wit, the substitute offered by
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] the amendment thereto offered by the
honorablegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] and the substitute for the first section
of the bill which I had the honor to present, and
in addition to that the motion of the honorable
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] to
strike out ail of the original bill but the first
section.
I ask gentlemen who do me the favor to listen
to what I may say touching these various prop-
ositions to bear in mind that the first question
after the motion of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] for their consideration is
the amendment proposed by me to the first sec-
tion of the bill reported from the Committee
on Reconstruction, to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the section and to insert in
lieu thereof a provision relieving from disabili-
ties all persons in the United Statesupon whom
disabilities are imposed by the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, save those who were officers of
the United States in the years 1860 and 1861,
and those who, since the 1st day of June last, in
defiance alike of the Constitution and laws of
the United States, have held and exercised the
functions of office.
That is the first question, Mr. Speaker, after
the vote upon the proposition of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] upon which
the House will be called to vote. If these
propositions shall be rejected by the House
the question then will be, shall the substitutes
offered by the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] and by the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] prevail,
or shall the bill reported by the committee be
adopted? Before voting on the substitute
of the gentleman from Kentucky we shall be
called to vote on the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] to
amend that substitute so as to provide for
general amnesty.
I take notice of the last proposition first;
and in pronouncing the judgment which I pro-
nounce to-day, I act upon the accepted rule of
statesmen in this age and in every age—not
what you would do, but what you can do, pro-
vided that what you can do is fitting and just
in itself. I shall be constrained, without wast-
ing words upon it, to vote against the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois. The coun-
try is not yet prepared to take that step ; nor
do the public interests require the present
removal of the disabilities of all who, being
officers of the United States in 1860 or 1861,
voluntarily, and in disregard of their official
oath to support the Constitution, organized and
aided rebellion. On the contrary. 1 believe the
public interests would be promoted by the rejec-
tion of that proposition.
But, sir, in my judgment the country is pre-
pared to relieve, as far as consistent with the
public peace and the public interests, all per-
sons from the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments. I ask the House
to consider the spirit in which the American
people adopted that amendment, and that they
adopted it with a unanimity never manifested
for any other measure from the foundation of
this Government. Sir, they never adopted the
fourteenth amendment in the spirit of revenge;
they never adopted it in the spirit of hate ; they
never adopted it in the spirit of persecution ;
they never adopted it for the mere purpose of
placing any portion of the people of this coun-
try under the ban, and pronouncing upon them
the ostracism of the Athenian, intensified and
made more cruel than it was ever known in
pagan times, relieving from the terrible doom
of banishment from fireside, from friends, and
from country, only to subject the ostracized
citizen to the more terrible doom of standing
politically dead among living men.
No such thought ever entered the mind of
that great and triumphant people who through
four years of sacrifice and fire and blood saved
their institutions alive. They adopted that
amendment only for purposes of present secur-
ity. They adopted it to the end that in the
work of reconstruction, in the work of restor-
ing to their proper place in this Union eleven
States recently in revolt there should be no
clamor, no disputation, no remonstrance raised
by men who had but yesterday broken through
the obligations of an oath to enter upon the
work of rebellion against the Government of
the United States and the supremacy of its
Constitution and laws. They adopted it, and
I feel quite assured that I but echo this day,
feebly it may be, the united voice of the over-
whelming majority of the people—they adopted
it in the spirit of the broadest charity, and with
the intent, as soon as the public safety would
admit of it, to remove every political disability.
Let the fact not be forgotten in this connec-
tion that the endeavor was made at that time in
the Congress proposing the fourteenth amend-
ment to take away from that vast mass ot' our
countrymen who had been engaged in this raad
and wicked and unnatural revolt the first privi-
lege of a freeman, the right of the ballot. Mr.
Speaker, let the House bear in mind what was
the decision of the Senate of the United States
upon the proposition to say that even for the
limited period of four years those who had
been engaged in that revolt should be silent
at the polls, should be subject to taxation
without representation. Representatives of the
people, when you come to pronounce upon the
propositions now pending your approval or
rejection, look into the Journal of the Senate
and see the record then and there made. On
the question, " Shall the proposition to exclude
from the elective franchise all persons who
participated in the late rebellion for the period
of fuur years be struck out?" the yeas and nays
were recorded, and every Senator of every
party save one recorded his vote " ay," thereby
declaring that the very highest power guar-
antied under the Constitution to the freemen
of this country should be exercised alike by
those who defended the Republic in the day
of its peril and those who had lifted up arms
against it.
So the record stands. To-day the Constitu-
tion is that all men, having in other respects
the qualifications of citizens, irrespective of
participation in rebellion, may be permitted to
exercise the elective franchise in all the States.
That great power, the elective franchise, by
which your Constitution was originally ordained
and established, aud by which, from that day
to this, it has been maintained and defended;
that great power by which the Representatives
of the people every second year are chosen and
sent to this Capitol to record in the form of
law the nation's will, subject to the require-
ments of the Constitution; that great power,
in short, sir, upon which in all the hereafter,
as in the past, the Republic must rely for its
security, is in the hands this day of all the citi-
zens ot the United States, irrespective of their
color or previous condition of servitude or
their participation in the rebellion. Yet gen-
tlemen chatter here to-day whether you shall
remove disabilities from all who participated
in the rebellion or held office, State or national,
excepting, as the amendment provides, the
chief originators of that revolt and those who,
since the 1st of June last have, in violation of
the fourteenth article, held office.
I do not believe there is a man in this House
who can rise in his place and name a single
being who by any possibility, by whatever sor-
cery he may be operated upon, can do liutt or
harm to the Republic, who is not excepted
by the amendment I have offered. Why not,
then, adopt it? The amendment excepts, as I
have said, all those who were in 1860 or 1801
high officials of the United States at home or
abroad, in the civil or in the miht-iry or naval
service, and did thereafter engage in rebellion.
It removes'disabilities from all others except
these and those who, since the 1st day of June
last, have, in contempt aud defiance of the law
of the people, and in utter disregard of the plain
written words of the Constitution, held and
exorcised the functions of office. The whole
number of the persons excepted I venture to
say does not exceed two hundred men. Let
them bide their time. Let them wait until the
people are satisfied that they are obedient to
law from choice, that they bear true allegiance
to the Constitution, aud that tbey no longer
challenge its supremacy. I ask gentlemen,
