1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
suspended; second, for carying the mail via ii
San Pedro, which increased the distance five i|
hundred miles in one direction; and third,
for the transportation of such parts of the
eastern or Independence mail as were diverted
from their regular course and sent by Cali-
fornia. Under this act Hon. Aaron Y. Brown,
llieu Postmaster General, settled all claims
except for the extra services. In adjusting
these he based his calculation on the prices
stipulated for in the original contract, rather
than on the price named in the act for the
regular service. Referring to this subject in
hig annual report to Congress, December, 1857,
he says:
"In making the pro rata allowances, the act of
Congress not being specific on this point, Ihave taken
as the basis ofthe calculation the original pay under
each contract instead of the higher sum of $30,000,
to which the compensation has beea raised. The
Department could find nothing in the act throwing
light on this subjcct, nod has gone on the principle
that in every ease of doubt, in a matter of this kind,
toe Government was entitled to the benefit of that
doubt, until Congress, by some new enactment,
should remove it.
There were four contractors then upon our
frontier, and by reason of Indian depredations
and other troubles Congress had already passed
acts for the relief of three of these four.
. Postmaster General Brown was the only
lawyer and the only person whom I have ever
been able to find who construed the act of
1857 in such way as to make auy distinction
between the regular and the extra services per-
formed by Chorpenning, and this distinction
he hangs upon the doubt, which he seemed to
think should prevail uutil '• Congress by some
new enactment should remove it." Had Mr.
Brown given a different construction to this
act, the contractor would have received com-
pensation tor his additional services at the
rate of 530,000 instead of Sl^OOO per annum.
1 did believe, and still do believe, that he was
honestly entitled to receive such additional
compensation, and that such was the true in-
tent and meaning of the act of 1857. True,
1 did not know just how much this difference
would make, I had not such reliable evidence
before as would enable me to make a cor-
rect calculation, and I supposed this would be
don# by the tribunal to whom the case was
being referred. Besides, I supposed that if I
had unsettled accounts with two of my neigh-
bors, and felt conscious that I would fall in
debt ten dollars to A and one hundred to B,
if I should consent to settle with the former
and refuse to settle with the latter, I could
hardly claim credit for honesty and fair deal-
ing.
Against this action of Postmaster General
Brown Major Chorpenning protested, and re-
turned to Congress to obtain an interpreta-
tion of the act of 1857, and procured from the
two committees the following expression of
opinion:
Resolved, That the act of the 3d of March. 1S57,
entitled "Ail act for the relief of George Chorpen-
ning," shall be construed so as to allow said Chor-
penning for the extra services mentioned in the
first section a pro rata increase of pay, to be calcu-
lated upon the basis of the pay allowed him by the
same s«t for services under the oontraet.
WILLIAM BIGLER.
W. M. (JWIN,
S. N. FITCH, !!
J. P HALE. !■
JAMBS DIXON,
J. 11. HENDERSON,
Senate Committee.
W. H. ENGLISH.
P. POWELL,
J. M. WOOD.
V. B. H0RT0N.
T. DAVIS,
J.CRAIG,
R. DAVIS,
J. P, C. Af KINS,
Souse Committee.
I believe Postmaster General Brown died
before this unanimous opinion of the two com-
mittees of Congress reached bis Department.
Application was then made to Postmaster Gen-
eral Holt. He, entertaining doubts about his
rigfet to ooQA}d$r the case, referred the ques-
tion to_ Attorney General Black, from whom
he received the following opinion;
Attorney General's Office,
August 22,1859.
Sis; I haye considered the cass of George Chor-
penning upon an application which he has made to
you. to reexamine the decision made'against him by
your predecessor. It seems very plain tome that the
construction given by Postmaster General Brown to
the act of 3d of March. 1857, was erroneous. I think
he was entitled to what he claimed. Bat the ques-
tion is whether the subject has not passed away
entirely from your eontrol. As a general rule, a case
of this kind, decided by a head of a Department,
cannot be disturbed by his successor. I have as-
serted this rale frequently, and have always advised
a steady adherence to it. But the circumstances of
this case seem to bring it within a well-established
exception. Xwo committees of Congress have made
reports in favor of the claimant's right to have that
which the Postmaster refused him. The jo.int reso-
lution accompanying these reports was not passed
int$ the form of a law only because of the usual
delays in legislation.
Attorney General Johnson, in the case of Churchill
Gibbs, declared that an expression of opinion by
Congress in favor of a claim which had been disal-
lowed, though the opinion was not expressed in the
form of a law, was binding upon the Department
and made it obligatory upon it to liquidate the debt.
( Vide Opinions, 82.) Sir. Gushing, in the case of
Isaac Bowman, {viae Opinions, 68©,) held that such
expressions of opinion by Congress were not binding
as law unless they assumed the form of law. Bat
he declared that where these opinions of congres-
sional committees have been expressed adversely
to the previous decision of a Department such opin-
ions do afford a sufficient reason for a reconsidera-
tion of the case by the proper officer. This also was
the carefully considered opinion of Mr. Ewing when
Secretary of the Interior, and it seems? to have been
followed in another case by Mr. McClelland.
Such has been the exposition of the law upon the
subject by the highest officers of the Government.
There is no precedent that I have been able to find
in the other direction. It is impossible to overrule
the cases I have cited without offending against the
consistency which ought to be observed. I must,
therefore, reply to your inquiry by saying that you
have the authority to reconsider the question de-
cided by your predecessor. Having that authority,
it can scarcely be necessary to add that you ought
to exercise it, if it be neccssary to do so, for the pur-
pose of doing justice and executing the law.
The rule, as I gather it from the cases heretofore
decided, is this: that when a claim has been referred
by Congress to the head of a Department, and the
Department gives such a construction to the act of
Congress as defeats the claim, in part br altogether,
and Congress afterward, by reports of the appro-
priate committees or otherwise, indicates its opinion
to be against the decision of the Department, then
the case naajr be opened, though a change may have
taken place in the head of a Department. But such
reports of committees, or other indication of opin-
ion from the Legislature, are not to be regarded as
law, but merely as a ground for the reconsideration
of the case, upon which reconsideration the head
of the Department is to determine the case again,
according to his own conscientious convictions of
duty. You will find the reasoning upon the subject
so elaborately and ably set forth in the opinions of
my predecessors, already referred to, that I think it
altogether unnecessary to repeat them, or gofurther
into the discussion. j g_ BLACK.
Hon. J. Hoi.t, Postmaster General.
Notwithstanding this opinion, Postmaster
General Holt refused to consider the case, and
so did Messrs. Blair, Randall, and CresweH.
When it is charged, therefore, that this claim
was denied by Messrs. Holt, Blair, Kandall,
and Creswell the allegation is based upon a
misapprehension of the facts, as I believe. It is
true that a hearing was denied by these several
gentlemen to the claimant, but an entire mis-
take to say that the merits of his case were
ever considered by any of them prior to the act
of 1870.
If farther evidence were needed to justify rae
in the premises, it might be found in the fact
that in February, 1861, President Buchanan
indorsed upon the opinion of Attorney Gen-
eral Black the following request:
After considering this case, I do not think the
parties ought to be estopped from a reconsideration
of that part of the claim which has not been allowed
by any technical rule, but that the case ought to be
opened for reconsideration, both on the questions
of law and fact, I express no opinion on the merits
of the case. JAMES BUCHANAN.
And also in alike request made by President
Johnson in 1865, in the following language:
Executive Mansios.
Washington, D. 0., August 15, 1865.
Dear Sir: It would seem but just chat the claim
of George Chorpenning for mail services long since
rendered the Government, and which is now pend-
ing in your Department, should be taken up and
adjusted, as prescribed by the act of Congress for his
relief.
It is therefore hoped that this case will now be
taken up. considered, and finally disposed of To
the indorsement already made by me upon the
papers I would respectfully call the attention of
the Postmaster General.
Yours, truly, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. A. W. Randall.
I assert most positively that I verily believe
that part of the money due by virtue of the
act of 1857, and for the immense labor per-
formed by the contractor in executing bis con-
tracts with the Government, is to-day unpaid.
Upon examination, I learn that Chorpen-
ning instituted a suit in the Court of Claims,
and that his case was there dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. It is also a mistake to charge,
as has been done, that this claim was referred
to the Committee of Claims of the Fortieth
Congress, to be considered upon its merits. It
is true that the claimant did petition that Con-
gress for the passage of an act giving to the
Court of Claims jurisdiction of his case, bat I
cannot find that any action was ever taken on
the subject. I also find that the unanimous
report of the committee, made August 5,1850,
to accompany the bill which became a law on
the 3d of March, 1857, contains many facts
showing the great value of the services of this
contractor, the very large expenses incurred
by him, as well as many reasons why, in jus-
tice and equity, his claim should be paid. I
beg to submit a copy of that report, and ask
that it may be printed herewith.
In regard to the second branch of the claim,
I had but little information as to its character
or amount. I supposed that if his contract
had been justly curtailed or annulled he would
receive nothing by reason of such action, and
that if this had been done without reason and
in violation of law, such recompense would be
allowed by the Postmaster General as justice
and equity might require.
Among the witnesses whose affidavits appear
to have been relied upon by the claimant in
this case, I find the following citizens of my
district: Dr. F. Chorpenning, (now deceased,)
Irwin H. Pile, A. J. Schell, and G. Le Roy
Benford.
Although I had not analyzed nor even read
some of these affidavits, I believed that any
evidence they might give would be reliable.
Besides my own knowledge of the character
of these persons, they came to me indorsed
in the following manner :
We, the undersigned, citizens of Somerset, Penn-
sylvania, are well acquainted with Dr. I1. Cborpen-
iiing and Mr. Irwin H. Pile. They are both men
whose character for truth and veracity is unim-
peacb ed and unimpeachable. What they have sworn
to in the foregoing affidavits is in our opinion en-
titled to the most implicit faith and credit.
J. S. BLACK.
F. M. KIM MEL,
ISAAC HCJGUS,
ROBERT R. RODDY.
Somerset, June 23,1856.
Sohekset, Penxstlvakia, March 19,1870.
We, the undersigned, members of the Somerset
bar, take pleasure in saying that we have been inti-
mately acquainted with A. J Schell, esq., for a num-
berof years; that he filled the office of prothonotary
of this county and clerk of the court of quarter ses-
sions for the past three years with credit to himself
and to the entire satisfaction of all parties con-
cerned; that he is a man of strict integrity, of good
character and respectability, and one who stands
high in tho estimation of all who know him; and
wo do not hesitate to say that he is worthy the con-
fidence of all with whotn he may come in contact.
CYRUS MEYERS, _
WILLIAM H. ICOONTZ,
DENNIS MEYERS,
DANIEL J. HORNER.
M. A. SANNER,
WILLIAM J. BAER.
II. L. liAKR,
GEORGE W. BENFORD,
JOHN H. DHL,
A. J. COL BORNE,
A. T. ANKENY.
The gentlemen whose names aro signed to the
i| foregoing paper aj>e members «t the Somerset bar,
are, as a, body, entitled to the
