1032
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. McNEELY. I deiE&ad the previous
question.
Oil ordering the previous question there
were—ayes 43, noes 5 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McNeely and
Mr. Holmah were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 111, noes 19.
So the previous question was seconded.
. The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill, there were—ayes 89, noes 38..
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McNEELY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST TELE TREASURY.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures, reported back, with amend
ments, a bill (H. R. No. 2564) providing that
accounts or claims which have been adjusted
by the proper officers of the Treasury shall
not be reopened except by law, and limiting
the time for the presentation of elaims and
acoounts, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section that from and after the passage of this
act no accounts or claims which have been
adjusted by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury shall be reopened without authority spe-
cially given by law, nor shall the accounting
officers of the Treasury act upon any account
or claim which shall not have been presented
within six years from the date at which it ori-
ginated, unless the person having the claim
was an infant, feme covert, or lunatic, and
then within six years from and after the
removal of the disability. The second section
provides that no person who has been an offi-
cer, clerk, or employ^ in the public service
shall act as agent or attorney in the prosecu-
tion of claims before the Department or any
branch thereof in which he served; nor shall
any such person give information or impart
any knowledge acquired by him officially in
aid of the presentation or establishment of
claims against the United States except as a
witness required to testify. Any person offend-
ing against the provisions of this act is to be
liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor in
any court of the United States having jurisdic-
tion thereof, and on conviction is to pay a fine
not exceeding §1,000, and be imprisoned not
exceeding one year.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read as follows :
Add at the end of section one the following :
Provided, That this.aot shall not apply to any claim
o_i loyal men arising in States formerly in insurrec-
tion, which by operation of liw could not be finally
settled and adjusted.
Amend section two bystriking out the words "has
been and inserting in lieu thereof the words "is
now or shall be hereafter; " so that the section will
read, • that, no person who is now or shall be here-
atter an othcer, clerk, or employe} in the public ser-
vice," &c.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coborn] that
the second section, which disqualifies any per-
son who has been an officer, clerk, or employ*;
from acting as a claim agent or attorney before
the Treasury Department, should he limited in
its operation for a term of years. The disquali-
fication should not be perpetual.
Mr. COBUltN. If the gentleman will offer
an amendment of that character I will enter-
tain it.
The object of the first section of this bill,
Mr. Speaker, is to limit the filing of claims.
The first section provides that from and after
the passage of this act no accounts or claims
whieti have been adjusted by the accounting
office'rs of the Treasury shall be reopened
without authority specially given by law, nor
shall the accounting officers of the Treasury
act upon- any account or claim which shall not
have been presented within six years from the
date at which it originated, unless the person
having the claim was an infant, feme covert,
or lunatic, and theti within six years from and
after the removal of the disability.
The first part of this first section relates to
the reopening of claims. It has been found
by experience of the committee that a large
number of claims have been opened and re-
opened and reopened time and again. One set
of officers comes in and decides against a claim
and another set comes in and decides against
it, and another seteomes in and decides against
it; and finally, after three or four or five ex-
periments, a claim may go through. There
ought to be some rule about their adjustment.
It strikes me that the best policy, the part of
wisdom, would be that a claim should remain
as decided by the officers of the Government:
We select these officers upon the presu mption
and with the understanding that they are capa-
ble of examiningand investigating and deciding
properly upon the merits of these claims; and
when once decided, after fair and full investi-
gation, that decision ougbt to be final, unless
Congress takes up the matter in view of some
case of'hardship or crying wrong appealing to
the legislative power and rendering it proper
and necessary it should be taken up and reex-
amined. We have had our attention within
the last fotir or five weeks called to claims of
this kind. I need not allude to them in this
connection. The Galphin claim, which -had
been previously decided against time and again,
was finally allowed, and cost the Government
a large sum of money.
The Pier claim, dating back in the last cen-
tury, in which a payment of over three thou-
sand dollars had been made in 1835, the matter
reopened and decided against by the Secretary
of the Interior in 1859; reopened again by the
Secretary of_ the Interior in 1862 and some-
thing over thirteen thousand dollars allowed by
him, but the payment was afterward stopped
by the vigilance of the Second Comptroller.
There are a large number of steamboat claims
which have been reopened two, three, and four
times, involving hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars—cases without merit., but pressed again
and again upon the consideration of the De-
partments, in hope that at last there will be
no one to stand by the Government. And the
danger is that at last they will be successful
unless some such limitation as the one pro-
posed shall be now put upon them. The officers
now in charge will soon be gone, the papers
may be lost or mislaid or changed, the cases
reopened without any defense and with a cer-
tainty of being allowed, carrying away millions
of dollars, if we do not put up this bar.
The next clause relates to the limitation
upon the filing of claims within six years. It
seems to me that every proper and lawful claim
that a citizen may have against the Govern- ;
ment would be filed within six years. On other j
matters as between individuals we do put a
limitation. It is but fair to presume that no
honest man who has a valid claim against the
Government will allow it to sleep more than
six years. Those which are tainted with fraud
or based upon partial or insufficient testimony
would be most likely held back till opposing
testimony was beyond reach, till papers were
lost or destroyed ; till witnesses had gone off
or died, or forgotten the facts. Then such
claims are pressed for settlement with great
chances of success. Then it is almost impos-
sible for the officers of the Government to
prove that these claims have no basis in truth
and fact.
Exceptions are made as in ordinary statutes
of limitation as to persons laboring under dis-
abilities; and to the exception is offered an
amendment by the committee, providing that
this act shall not apply to such claims of loyal
persons as could not be finally adjusted 'by
the officers of the Government arising in the
States recently in rebellion. Now. there has
not been a law which prohibited the filing of
these claims from the States in rebellion at
any time, but there has been such a condition
of affairs that men from the States recently in
insurrection could not get their claims allowed
and adjusted. Claims of citizens of loyal
States were expressly, by statute, allowed to
be made and settled by the quartermaster's
and commissary departments, and that was
extended to the State of Tennessee. No pro-
vision of that kind applying to the States in
rebellion has been adopted. We have now
before Congress various propositions looking
to this end. Now, since claims of that kind
could not be adjusted they have not been filed.
The amendment of the committee is that those
cases which could not be adjusted shall not be
excluded under the operations of this section.
I suppose there is no one who would object to
the payment of the claims of loyal citizens in
States in rebellion. I will say, for one, that I
would give preference if I could to the citizens
of loyal States who have claims against the
Government. Those loyal men endured more,
lost more, and deserve more than any other
Union men. But be that as it may, there is
nothing in the section cutting off claims of
that kind.
Mr. BARIiY. I will ask the gentleman to
explain whether the six years' limitation applies
to the States recently in rebellion as well as
all other States?
Mr. COBURN. Read the section as it is
proposed to be amended.
The Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and IJouie of Represent-
atives of the United, States of America in CoiiQress
assembled, That from and after the r>,tssage of this
act no accounts or claims which have been adjusted
by the accounting of5cerstof the Treasury shall be
reopened without authority specially given by law,
nor shall the accounting officers of the Treasury act
upon any account or claim which shall not have
been presented within six years from the date at
which it originated, unless the person having the
claim was an infant./p?ne covert, or lunatic, and then
withi" six years from and atter the removal of the
disability: Piovided, That this act shall not apply
to any claim of loyal men arising in States formerly
in insurrection which by operation of law could not
be finally settled or adjusted.
| Mr. COBURN. Now, Mr. Speaker, it is a
« fact, a matter of history, a matter of expe-
| rienee, within the knowledge of every lawyer
J and every judge and every person who ba3
been connected with the investigation of cases
in court, and especially in claims against the
public, whether cities, counties, States, or the
General Government, that while the proof of
a claim may be preserved with a great deal
of care by the claimants, the adverse proof
on the part of the public is not half so likely
to be preserved as the proof in favor of the
claimant. Officers acquainted with the matter
die or go out of office, or their memory becomes
obscured as to the circumstances, and they
forget them in whole or in part. On the other
hand, the claimants keep their proofs at, hand,
have their witnesses ready, have everything in
order to support their claim, and finally put it
through when those who on the part of the
Government had knowledge of the facts and
were in possession of evidence that the elaims
were groundless have died, or gone away, or
forgotten the circumstances.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr- COBURN. I yield to the gentleman.
k-ELSEY. Within what time does this
bill require claims to be presented from the
late rebel States ? I see thut in the amend*
ment proposed by the committee there is an
exception as to the time.
Mr. COBLRN. I he bill does not go so far
as the gentleman thinks it does. There is
nothing in this bill providing that any claim
can be filed at any time, long or short. Bat
the proviso is inserted that nothing in the bill
shall be construed to prevent the filing of
claims of that kind, leaving the law in relation
to that just as it is.
Mr. KELSEY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that the bill ought to limit the filiu« of
