200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Sir. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker,
Iliad formed the purpose of making some ex-
tended remarks on the subject now under dis-
cussion ; bat the character of this debate, and
other circamstances, have decided me to say-
bat. a very few words. I do not see very well
how I can avoid uttering the sentiments which
I entertain on this question, coming as I do
from one of the extreme southern States, and
from a State which has so recently declared
itself to be Republican by a decided and over-
whelming majority of the popular vote. I
intend in the few moments allotted ine to say
a few plain things on this subject, for certainly
no man can question ray Republicanism or.my
loyalty.
My State, Mr. Speaker, in its late election
obliterated from its constitution every disfran-
chising clause by an affirmative vote of one
hundred and three thousand to less than one
thousand in the negative, and that, too, where
the Republican majority is twenty-five thou-
pand. Believing with the people of my State,
I am free to announce the fact here that I am
a universal-amnesty man, and, I want to say to
my political friends, the time is coming, and
coming right away, when every one of them
will take the same position. Circumstances
and good seasons will compel it, and they had
better take that position now than to defer it
any longer.
1 regret some recent occurrences from Dem-
ocratic sources. I regret the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky the other day, as well
as the resolutions of my genteel and amiable
friend from Kentucky in this House. Those
things all retard the progress in this work.
Now, the reasons why I am in favor of uni-
versal amnesty are the following: first, any
exception by class is partial and unjust. All
men who are now disfranchised are not equally
guilty. You cannot punish them adequately
by legislative action. As a punishment the dis-
qualification from holding an office is frivolous.
There were worse men and worse rebels not
disfranchised by the law or by the Constitution
of the United States than, perhaps, any who are
disfranchised. It would be impossible for it to
be otherwise, and for this reason, it takes two
things to disfranchise a man: first, he must
have held an office before the war, and he must
have participated in the rebellion. It was no
crime to hold an office; but the crime, the
gravamen of the offense, lies in his having par-
ticipated in the rebellion. And, sir, as 1 have
already said, there were worse men and worse
rebels who did not hold office than, perhaps,
many of those who did hold office before the
war.
Now, the public safety does not require any
continuance of disfranchisement. I know there
are men who talk treason, and who talk fool-
ishly ; but their utterances are the utterances
of madcaps. I admit that some secession senti-
ment still exists in the South, and that the love
and sympathy for the old confederate cause
have not entirely died out. All such feeling,
however, is rapidly passing away. It is dis-
appearing day by day. Notwithstanding this,
I am going to hazard the assertion—and i want
you gentlemen of the House to weigh it in your
deliberations here—I say from my own personal
observation that I do not believe there has
been a single influential or responsible man
in the South who has contemplated seriously
another rebellion against the Government of
the United States since the surrender of the
last of the confederate armies. Sentiments and
sympathy for the "lost cause" may have been
the same when that event transpired, and to
some extent may still exist; yet no people were
ever more completely prostrated and destroyed
in men and materials than those of the seced-
ing States, and to believe that another effort
is contemplated would be to convict them of
want of the ordinary good sense and capacity
possessed by aciviiizedcommunity. We have
had the last attempt at a forcible dismember-
ment of the Union. Any man who has con-
templated it has been without influence; he has
been a madcap, a politician who has cared only
for his personal preferment, even at the expense
of the public welfare. It would have been the
supremest folly for a sensible man to entertain
such a notion for one moment.
Mr. Speaker, there has been an expectation
in the South that when the fifteenth amendment
had been ratified, and the doctrine of universal
suffrage had become established in the laws
of this country, there was a sort of tacit un-
derstanding that enfranchisement should be
granted to all; or in other words, that universal
suffrage and universal amnesty should go hand
in hand. Universal suffrage is fixed in our
laws. It cannot be overturned except by the
retrogressive action of so many of the States
and people that we might look with fear on the
permanency of the Republic itself if they should
go backward and abrogate the fifteenth amend-
ment from the Constitution.
Now, why do gentlemen say that there should
not be universal enfranchisement? Because,
say they, there are disorders in the South. I
I admit it; but will disfranchisement cure the
evil? Upon what principle will it suppress
disorders? It acts as an irritant constantly.
I wish that my fiiends who have never lived in
the South would go and advocate Republican
sentiments to a man who is under disability,
or who has neighbors and comrades under dis-
ability. He will tell you at once, "I cannot
consistently act with you so long as you pro-
pose to continue me or my neighbor or com-
rade under disabilities." If he is himself
enfranchised he will say, "I am just as bad as
they; but when you make us all free before the
law, when you give us tie same rights as citi-
zens, then we will discuss the question of your
politics.': It is not disabilities that will secure
peace in the South or cure disorders. They will
increase them. We must look to time, tolerance,
and education, and to a vigorous enforcement
of the laws by the Federal and State govern-
ments, in order to secure peace in the South ;
and the more liberal we are, and the more
thoroughly the Government enforces the laws
and punishes all offenses, the sooner will you
see peace reign there. A condition of peace
could not be-maintained in 2fiy State, not even
in Massachusetts, if any considerable portion
of the population of that State were under dis-
abilities.
But, they say, these men will be elected to
Congress. Why, they can vote now; and if
they cannot be elected themselves, and if they
have the political power to send themselves
they can send those who believe with them and
who will represent their sentiments as fully as
they themselves could do_. What is the differ-
ence? It is an old legal rule, tam qui facit
per alium, facit per se, and it will apply in
this case. What they can do by themselves
they can do by others as well. They are doing
that to-day: but suppose they were elected to
Congress, what of it? There are men who were
underdisability at one time for participating in
the rebellion who are now sitting upon this floor,
on both political sides of the House—on the
Democratic side and on the Republican side—
and I appeal to this House to say if one of those
members has done any thing here more disloyal
than has been done by the rest of us? Have
they been more turbulent, more refractory than
any other gentlemen here? Not at all. And
so it will be with every one of them.
I say, then, let us remove all cause of irri-
tation. Let people have no personal grievances
that will repel them from us when we under-
take to discuss politics with them. That is my
theory. Let us see to it that they are punished
if they break the laws ; but let us be generous,
let us be just, and in that way we shall have
peace. While I am most firmly against cer-
tain opinions which have been land-marks in
the creed of a political party, still I do not fear
their utterance so long as force and violence
are not used for their propagation. Thomas
Jefferson said that " error of opinion may be
safely tolerated when reason is left free to
combat it."
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FltOM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sy.mp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed without amendment a
joint resolution of the House of the following
title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 272) relative
to the Centre Market in Washington.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a joint resolution of the following title :
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 188) providing
for publishing specifications and drawings of
the Patent Office.
amnesty.
The House again resumed the consideration
of the amnesty bill.
Mr. SHOBEK. Mr. Speaker, in the few
moments allowed me I cannot enter at any
length into the discussion of the question be-
fore the House. So far as it relates to the
removal of political .disabilities from every
citizen, and the full and complete restoration
of all his privileges, I desire to express my
earnest conviction of the wisdom and justice
of such a measure.
It is conceded that the great mass of pro-
scribed citizens, the rank and file of the dis-
franchised, should now be relieved ; but it is
insisted that a discrimination must be made
against the leaders, as they are called. Had
such discrimination been enforced heretofore
it might with some show of reason be now ad-
hered to. But Congress has virtually repudi-
ated such a policy by relieving many prominent
citizens embraced within this exceptional class.
You cannot, therefore, justly continue this pro-
scription of certain classes of men because of
their greater criminality as a class, for \ou
have in effect declared this to be no criteiion
of the measure of guilt, The truth is, that
when the first bill relieving certain citizens, by
name, from political disabilities was passed by
Congress it followed logically that all other
citizens of the same class were entitled to the
same measure of relief. Who are the disfran-
chised citizens underthe operation of the third
section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ment? Not necessarily those who took up
arms against the Government; not necessarily
the lenders, if you please, of the secession
movement. These are not the tests by which
disfranchisement is fixed upon the citizens.
He alone is put under the ban who, having
held a certain position or office before the war,
afterward participated in it against the Gov-
ernment, even though in a merely technical
sense. The officer who resigned bis position
in the Army of the United States and after-
ward commanded armies in the confederate
cause, and the constable or justice of the
peace who continued in office when his State
joined her fortunes with the confederate gov-
ernment. are placed in the same category.
There is no discrimination made between these
different classes of men; they are in the same
degree of guilt by the terms of the fourteenth
amendment. Now, the conclusion to my mind
is inevitable that, as thetestof criminality here
is purely arbitrary, when you relieve one of a
class and withhold such relief from the re-
mainder of that class you act unjustly. With
what show of justice or consistency can you
now propose to make invidious discrimination
among any of these classes of men when you
have already granted relief to their respective
associates? Sir, let us no longer tiifle with
this important subject; let us act as states-
men and not a-i partisans in dealing with ir,
and, by adopting the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Illinois, make the meas
ure of relief for our disfranchised fellow-citi-
zens impartial, consistent,, and complete.
Mr. DUKE. I would in the outset, Mr.
