1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
rights. The loyal citizens of the southern
States have no standing in the Court of Claims.
Mr. KELSEY. We are not now legislating
about courts, but about claims before the De-
partments. I know of no distinction in the
rights of citizens before the Departments. If
any such exists I am not aware of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. That distinction does
exist.
Mr. KELSEY. There is a certain class of
claims, I know, they cannot present, Congress
having seen fit to exclude them.
Mr. BURCHARD. I would suggest an
amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I will hear it.
Mr. BURCHARD. The second section of
this bill provides that "no person who has
been an officer, clerk, or employ^ in the public
service shall act as agent or attorney in the
prosecution of claims before the Department
or any branch thereof in which he served; nor
shall such person give information or impart
any knowledge acquired by him officially, in
aid of th® presentation or establishment of
claims against the United States, except as a
witness required to testify," &e. Would it
not be well to insert after the word "testify"
the words " or required as a part of his official
duty?"
Mr. COBURN. I do not know that I have
any objection to that.
Mr. BURCHARD. I think such an amend-
ment is necessary, for although he may have
been in one Department he may still hold
an office in another Department, and should
not be excluded from giving information when
properly called on.
Mr. COBURN. I have no objection to that
amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment
was received.
Mr. COBURN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynabd.]
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 think if this matter is
understood by the House we will have very
little difficulty in determining our action one
way or the other. The object of this bill is to
prevent, among other things, the reopening of
settled accounts. But the amendment moved
on belialf of the committee to the first section
is to add the following:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to any
claim of loyal men, arising in States formerly in
insurrection, which by operation of law could not be
finally settled and adjusted.
11 By operation of law." What law? There
are several laws on the subject. I have here
one such act, providing against the presenta-
tion of "any claim for supplies and stores
taken or furnished for the use of or used by
the armies of the United States, or for the
occupation of or injury to real estate, or for
the consumption, appropriation, or destruc-
tion of or damage to personal property by the
military authorities or troops of the United
States." The entire act, which was passed
February 21, 1867, is as follows:
An act to declare the sense of an act entitled "An
act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to providefor the paymentof certain demands
for quartermasters' stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States."
Tie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the provisions of chapter two hundred
and forty of the acts of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
first session, approved July 4, 1854, shall not be con-
strued to authorize the settlement of any claim for
supplies or stores taken or furnished for the use of
or used by the armies of the United States, nor for
the occupation of or injury to real estate, nor for
the consumption, appropriation, ordestruction of or
damage to personal property by the military author-*
ities or troops of the United States where such claim
originated during the war for the suppression of the
southern rebellion, in a State or part of a State
declared in insurrection by the proclamation of the
President of tile United States, dated July 1,1862,
or in a State which by an ordinance of secession
attempted to withdraw from the United States Gov-
ernment: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall repeal or modify the effect of any act or joint
resolution extending the provisions of the said act
of July 4,18Si, to the loyal citizens ot' the State of
Tennessee, or of the State of West Virginia, or any
county therein.
Other acts go further than that. These par-
ties have no standing before the Departments.
They have filed their claims, And the claims
have been rejected because the law does not
allow them a hearing. The object of the pro-
viso is that this bill shall not operate upon that
class of cases. The amendment proposed by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
proposes to declare that "all claims shall be
presented within six years from the passage
of this act." Such a provision is unjust to
those people. Under the lawas it stands they
are not permitted to file their claims. The
proviso proposed would be a still further dis-
crimination against them ; it would be, as we
look at the matter, an additional measure of
injustice. I think the language of the proviso
should be " all other claims." In that form
I would hare no objection to it.
As regards the claims of loyal men in the
southern States, I beg to say, what I have
already said oftener perhaps than good taste
would justify, that there are all through the
southern States friends of this Government
who beggared themselves, impoverished their
wives and their children, in order to feed, to
clothe, and to furnish supplies to the Union
armies to assist them in suppressing the rebel-
lion. They did this from the highest motives
of patriotism ; and they desire at our hands
payment for the supplies thus furnished. They
deserve this in as high a degree as any man
can deserve to be paid for material aid given
to the country for the suppression of the rebel-
lion. And to withhold payment in these cases
is injustice: it is cruelty to the. last degree.
Why, sir, there were in portions of the country
men and women who furnished to the United
States troops as they passed along everything
that they had to supply their own needs, and
who were obliged afterward to walk unpro-
vided till they could find some one to furnish
them with the bare necessaries of life.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to make a single
remark. I acknowledge the force of the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see in regard to the phraseology of my amend-
ment. 1 will modify it by inserting the word
" other" before the word "claims," as he has
suggested.
Mr. MAYNARD. My object in seeking
the floor was to call attention to that point.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is under a misapprehension as to the
nature of the law to which he has referred.
The gentleman has said that this law does not
allow claims to be filed ; but on that point he
is mistaken.
Mr. MAYNARD. I said "to be paid."
Mr. COBURN. "To be presented" was
the language of the gentleman, and that is the
only basis for his argument; if these claims
could be presented his argument goes for noth-
ing. These claims can now be put on file.
There is nothing in the law that prevents it or
has prevented it; and the proviso proposed
by the committee as an amendment to this bill
expressly precludes its application to "any
claim of loyal men arising in the States form-
erly in insurrection, which by operation of law
could not be finally settled and adjusted."
Those are the very cases which the gentle-
man from Tennessee desires shall be hereafter
investigated. I think that the bill embraces
everything he wants. The amendment, of the
gentleman from New York is not so good as
the report of the committee on this point.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the gentleman
does not understand that amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I would like to have it read
again, so'that we may hear its exact language.
The Clerk read the amendment, as modi-
fied, as follows:
Provided, further. That all other claims shall be
presented within six years from the passage of this
act.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to say one word
on this subject. It seems to me there ought
to be some limitation in point of time as to the
presentation of these claims against the Gov-
ernment. We all know that it is impossible
ever to ascertain the exact facts on which
these claims are based unless the claims be
presented while the evidence in regard to them
is fresh and accessible. In reference to a cer-
tain class of claims the claimants purposely
omit to present them for some time while the
evidence to defeat them is within the reach of
the Government. They wait until that evi-
dence is lost by lapse of time, and then pre-
sent their claims. I am therefore in favor
of inserting in this bill some provision which
shall limit the time within which these claims
may be presented.
The second section, which prohibits officers
and employes of the Government from prose-
cuting after they have retired from office claims
against the Government, is manifestly right.
It will be remembered that the present Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in his first annual report,
recommended to Congress the passage of such
a law.
Mr. BECK. I have in my hand that report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and I ask
the gentleman to read the passage to which he
has referred.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will do so. The lan-
guage of the Secretary is as follows:
" It has become a practice for clerks and other per-
sons who have held office in the Treasury Depart-
ment to accept employment as agents or attorneys
for parties having claims against the Department;
and there is reason to believe that in some instances
the information obtained while in the public service
has been used in aid of the claimants. Without
detailing all the objections to this practice, X respect-
fully suggest that a law be passed barring persons
from practicing before the Treasury Department as
agents or attorneys in behalf of claims that were
pending when such persons were officers therein."
Mr. COBURN. My hour has almost ex-
pired, and I must take the floor to demand the
previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Committee on Ap-
propriations recommended a provision sub-
stantially covering the same ground with this
one.
Mr. COBURN. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, had
leave to submit the following amendment:
Strike out these words in the first section :
Nor shall the accounting officers of the Treasury
act upon any account or claim which shall not have
been presented within six years from the date at
which it originated, unless the person having the
claim was an infant .feme covert, or lunatic, and then
within six years from and after the removal of the
disability.
And add as an additional section :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the statutes
of limitations of the United States shall extend t-o
all claims against the United States presented for
adjustment and allowance by the accounting officer-s
of the Treasury, and the same shall apply to such
claims in the same manner and to the same ex-
tent as between private parties in the courts of the
United States.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. •
Mr. KELSEY. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw my amendment, as I think tlm
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont
covers the same ground.
Mr. McKEE. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, it
cannot be withdrawn.
The question first recurred on the following
amendment of the committee:
Add the following proviso to the first section:
Provided, That this actsball notapply to any claim
of loyal men arising in States formerly in insurrec-
tion which by operation of law could not be finally
settled and adjusted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Kklskt's
amendment, as follows:
Add the following:
Provided further, That all other claims shall be
presented within six years froia the passage of
this act.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
28, noes 42 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKEB, under the rule, appointed
tellers; and appointed Mr, Kelsey and Mr,
COSUBN.
