1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
sovereignty and secession. I think my brethren
of the South were wrong: but, like Saul of
Tarsus, when persecuting the Saviour, they
were honest, at least many of them, in their
sentiments and actions ; so thoroughly so that
it took the results of a most disastrous civil war
to arrest themtheir work of destruction of
the Union.
But they were arrested, and as Saul of Tarsus
was led from his blindness to a thorough and
complete forgiveness, I think we should now,
ay, before now have granted a full political par-
don to our erring brethren. I do not believe
it ought to have been deferred a moment longer
than the ratification of the great amendments
of the Constitution of the United States guar-
antying equal rights of all kinds to all. I how-
ever do not believe with some that it ought to
have been done immediately upon the collapse
of the rebellion, for the reason that the Nasby
Democracy would have much longer hindered,
if not prevented, the real emancipation of four
million human beings, upon whose eternal
bondage the edifice of a southern confeder-
acy was to have been erected as the chief cor-
ner-stone. I therefore hold, Mr. Speaker, that
upon those general principles of our fathers,
the equal rights of all men. and in keeping with
the progressive spirit of tli- age and Christian-
ity, upon sufficient guarantees being taken
against the oppression of more than a tenth of
our own native population, a complete political
pardon should have been extended to all.
Neither, Mr. Speaker, am I of those who
believe hanging and first class funerals should
have been resorted to. As bad as has been
the spirit, and still is, of some of my southern
brethren, it would, in my opinion, have been
much worse had hangings prevailed. T hey
might have produced a greater fear, in the
bosoms of some, of the central Government,
but less love in all. Some who hear me may
think 1 give utterance to these sentiments to
obtain the favor of my ex-rebel brethren ; but
those who know me best of my county and
district know these have been my sentiments
from the collapse of the rebellion. Some of
them know and heard me make a speech in
my county to a body of Federal troops from the
West, upon the reception of the sad and aggra-
vating news to loyal men of the assassination
of Mr. Lincoln. Some of inv southern friends
of that county and town feared the effects of
the news upon the loyal soldiers then quartered
there; that it might manifest itself in violence
toward the persons and properly of those who
had been in rebellion or sympathy with it. I,
at the request of some of them, addiessed the
soldiers and counseled modeiation, orJei,aud
foibeaiance in the deep grief that stirred their
patiiotic souls, maintaining then, as now, that
enough blood had been spilled and lives sacri-
ficed in the bloody war, and though their great
captain had fallen by the hands of a cowardly
agent of the fell spirit of slavery, yet vengeance
belonged to God alone: and then and there
expressed the hope we should have no hang-
ings in the spirit of retaliation or vengeance ;
that such a course was unworthy a monarchy
or despotism, much more the great Republic
of America.
Mr. Speaker, I propose to give the House an
insight into the political workings in mv district
in Tennessee since the collapse of the rebellion,
and I believe it has been much the same in all
other districts of my State composed of the
same character of people.
I need not inform the House that for some
lime prior to the collapse of the rebellion
Andrew J olinson, lat e accidental President, v, as
our military governor: that his rpiiM, if not
person, presided over a mass meeting ot the
lo\ahsts of the State held in Nashville ;u dan
uary, 1865. I his meeting, under his inlhieaee,
assumed or resolved itself into a State conven-
tion, (against the judgment oi e large muierhv,)
and framed anew .Mate constitution aljons>,;ng
slavery, and among other things conferred, by
41ft Coxc. ;!i> —No. 14.
schedule, the power upon the first Legislature
assembling under it to fix or determine the qual-
ifications of voters. It was held that we had
a right under that clause of our bill of rights
claiming for the people a right at all times
and in any way they might see proper to alter,
amend, or abolish the existing constitution or
government, and form and ojganiz# another
to suit their wishes and necessities.
I did not at that convention, of which I was a
member, and as a member of the executive
Union committee joined in calling, then be-
lieve in giving such prominence to the old
Democratic doctrine of State sovereignty, but
that we had assembled as Unionists under the
protection of Federal arms to take fcounsel
together for the purpose of reorganizing a
State government overthrown by the rebels in
a four years' war, and that if we did our work
acceptably to the central Government it would
be recognized ; if not, it would be rejected, and
that we ought to have said we had assembled
by permission and under protection of the
Federal Government, and not by virtue of a
State sovereignty that had led the State into
rebellion. In other words, Mr. Speaker, I then
believed the doctrine announced as to the right
M of the General Government over the conquered
!| States; that of the late Thaddeus Stevens and
|! Winter Davis. And I believe now if their
doctrine as to the rights of the Government
over the conquered or reclaimed States had
prevailed we should have recovered from the
disastious war much faster than we have done.
But Andrew Johnson, our Governor andguard-
j ian, had always been a Democrat, and may
; have had at that early day an eye to the Pres-
j idency, (being at the time Vice President,) and
: was laying the ground-work for a reorganiza-
| tion of the Democratic party with a view to its
| nomination and the election of 18G8. At any
j rate, we know he aspired to that high position
i through the party revived by him in his after-
! work as Mr. Lincoln's successor.
i But to return to our mass meeting or con-
i vention of 18G5. Its work was submitted to
the people and it was ratified, and a Legisla-
ture and Governor elected under it 011 the 4th
of March, 1365. The first Legislature, to which
had been committed the question of suffrage,
passed several acts bearing 011 it during its
existence, and under which our after elections
were held until overthrown or disregarded in
August, lSu'J. The Legislature elected two
Senators and districted the State for members
of Congress, and a delegation was elected in
the summer of 1805 to the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. and Senatois and Representatives admit
led to seats in said Congiess, ihei eby recogniz-
ing the work wo had done.
Pining the years 1865-66 we had compara-
tive peace. The rebel element accepted the
situation, and seemed to stand in fear of the
threat of Andrew Johnson, that "'treason
should ho made odious, conscious traitors
punished, and loyal men, whether raany or
few, white or black, should govern." But time
proved that our military governor and acting
President was looking one way while rowing
another, and upon the full development of " my
policy" an "irrepressible conflict" sprung up
between thos'>who he had said should rule by
virtue of their persistent lovalty and those who
had been persteniiy disis'ioyal. This contest
was kindled iu Tennessee in 18G6, waxed hot in
1SG7, when colored men were made voters, and
and in 1808 and 1869 became a consuming fire
to all loyalists who stood up for the original
doctrine ''that loyal men should rule and re-
bels must tike back seats." Fortunately for
Yennis-ee the Democratic military governor
had la en succeeded by an old Henry Clay,
Daniel Web,-.tar Wlog, and by a firmness and
mcorrupubi'ity worthy of the unconditional
Union man he was, he so presided over and
enforced t.tic laws of the State that the thir-
teenth and fourteenth amendments of the
Federal Constitution were ratified by loyal
Legislatures before the State went into the
hands of the Democracy to the rejection of
the fifteenth amendment.
Governor Browulow was elected in August,
1867, by a majority of fifty thousand, and an
entire loyal delegation was elected to the For-
tieth Congress.
In 1868 came the contest for President.
The Democracy had squeezed the accidental
occupant of the Presidency and declined to
nominate him, but nominated a ticket pledged,
if successful, to overthrow the amendments of
the Constitution and reconstruction measures
of Congress by the Army and Navy if neces-
sary. This pledge was given by General Blair,
the nominee for Vice President.
The disfranchised of our State having failed
prior to this to intimidate or corrupt the State
officials into giving them certificates as voters,
were emboldened by the revolutionary doctrine,
and resorted to a secret organization by which
the work of intimidating Republican voters was
commenced and carried on, resulting in deter-
ring full twenty thousand Republican voters
from voting for General Grant in November,
1868. This organization, which, according
to General Forrest, (at one time its chief or
head center,) numbered forty thousand, and
during the years 1868-69,1 believe, committed
more lawlessness, from whippings to hangings,
than were committed by lawless characters
during the four years of war. I speak of my
district especially, but believe my remarks are
good as to all Middle and West Tennessee.
Those secret, disguised, night raiders upon the
colored people of the State operated in 1868
under the motto, "We cannot vote, and you
shall not."
In August, I860, the whole election laws,
that had preserved the State to the Republican
party up to that time were willfully and wan-
tonly disregarded, and the State and the Re-
publican party has been lying bleeding at the
feet of Democracy ever since. I did think that,
Congress should have arrested the complete
overthrow of the State government, as before
recognized by it, in the foul way it was done ;
but I now think, (though I know Congress has
not yet recognized their work,) that wc had bet-
ter accept the "situation," have-all disabil-
ities removed, and trust to argument, reason,
and time to restore to the Republican party
through the ballot-box the political power so
illegally wrested from it. My special reason
for this is that I do not want to see white and
black Republicans again subjected to the inhu-
man violence and butchery through which
they have passed because of the pretext that
negroes have more privileges than they had,
forgetting in the mean time they had forfeited
all rights and privileges by an unjustifiable
rebellion, and pcrsistingly charging the Gov-
ernment, in giving the inestimable privilege of
suffrage and civil rights to its colored friends
and soldiers, as unconstitutional, null, and
void.
I know it may sound strange to some that I
should, after giving such a picture of the past,
conduct and doings of the reconstituted in my
district, favor complete and full political am-
nesty. I have, however, referred to the past,
not tor the purpose of reviving ill-feelings or
invoking reconstruction, but for determining
what is best for the future. Wait until they
repent, wait until they ask forgiveness, soy
some. But if this waiting has nothing prac-
tical in it but a formal coming to cur feet, why
should we stand on the oider of their coming?
We know that many of those who have come
and asked relief are 110 better than thousands
who have not. We know that we have not
had any uniform rale or manner which those
disposed to conic and ask forgiveness coidd
employ. If we had had a plain, .simple, polit-
ical gospel of p:>,rdon, which could have been
preached and complied with by tae poor at
their homes without requiring them to *10 some
great thing, like getting a Congressman to dra-v
