1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
committee to make the statement. They drew up a
statement in the nature of a justification, which
bears date the 5th day of January.
This paper bears no indorsement, and was handed
to the superintendent without indorsement. Itwas
probably handed to the commandant on the day it
bears date, and by him handed to the superintendent.
It is found among the files of the War Department,
attached to the superintendent's official report
bearing date January 11, and by him referred to.
On the 10th of January, the day before this report
wast made, special orders were issued affixing such
punishment upon the firstclassasthesuperintendent
believed he eould affix; which was, confining them
to the plain and taking away their usual privileges.
In his report of the occurrence thesuperintendent
says:
"My order of yesterday will explain what action
I have taken in the matter. The gravity of the
offense was not fully understood until some days
after the occurrence. My constant attention upon
the examinations will, I trust, in a measure excuse
my tardy action in this matter. - -
" I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
T. G. PITCHER, Superintendent."
Nothing further was done with the offenders; no
arrests were made, no charges preferred; nor has
any action been taken by the War Department.
The cadets of the first class engaged in this trans-
action have been kept on duty as before, have charge
of the cadets in the lower classes as captains and
lieutenants, and are daily engaged in assisting to
train and discipline the corps. The class, with four
exceptions, were engaged in this transaction. The
exceptions are Cadet Lieutenant Mott, who was offi -
cer of the day; Cadet Pardee, Cadet Wheeler, and
Cadet Mansfield. All the others, thirty-seven in
number, were engaged in the affair.
It is proper to add here that Cadet Baird bore a
good reputation up to this offense, and that Flick-
inser also had a good standing.
The reasons which induced the sudden outburst of
mob spirit in the first class seem to be, either incom-
prehensible, or spring from some cause which your
committee have been unable to fathom. Your com-
mittee examined several of the officers on duty at
the post, but the only reason they could assign was
that the authorities there had not been properly
supported in their efforts to preserve order and
the enforcement of discipline. The sum of the tes-
timony on this point was that discipline at the
Point was as good, or rather better, for the last six
months than formerly; and if this be true its former
condition must have been deplorable. Tho officers
immediately in charge of the first class join in the
report that this class have been more than usually
amenable to discipline, and have had a high stand-
ing fur good and orderly conduct.
The officers of the Academy knew nothing of the
transaction, nor have they approved or in any way
indorsed it. "In a military point of view" they
have utterly condemned it. They, however, speak
ofthe "motiveof thefirstclassasgood." InSpecial
Orders No. 3, Military Academy, issued by General
Pitcher, of the date of J an u'ary 10* in which notiee
was first taken of the offense of the first class, he
says:
" While conceding that the motive which animated,
the members of the first class originated from a
praiseworthy source, no words can express too for-
cibly tho disapproval by tho superintendent of the
assumption of power by cadets until now unknown
to those who organized and for sixty-eight years
have governed the Military Academy."
Your committee have made a statement of all the
facts they could gather, and they believe ihem full
enough for a proper understanding of the trans-
action, and report them to the House in obedience
to the resolution; and it now remains to make
such recommendation as they believe the facts will
demand and warrant.
First. As to the officers. The committee believe
that the superintendent of the Academy and the
commandantof thecorps of cadets failed to properly
appreciate the gravity of the offense committed by
the first class, and showed a disposition to avoid a
proper investigation and punishment of the gross
breach of discipline and violation of regulations
committed by the class. In their urgent recom-
mendations ror the immediate acceptance of theres-
ignations of Cadets Baird and Flickinger they dis-
regarded the following regulation of the Academy:
"A cadet's resignation, if he be under age, must
be accompanied by a written consent of his parent
orgttardian."—Par. 165
Their conduct in advising these cadets to resign
before any notice had been taken of or investiga-
tion ordered into the outrage of which they had
been the victims is censurable. Their failure to take
prompt action for the punishment of the offending
class* by arresting the guilty cadets and preferring
charges against them for a court-martial, their offi-
cial expression of a belief that the class were actu-
ated by 44good motives" in their unlawful action,
and their continuance of the first class on duty as
cadet officers to enforee the discipline of the Acad-
emy, amount, in the opinion of the committcc, to a
virtual sanction of the riotous proceedings of the
class, and an encouragement of the repetition of the
The position thus assumed by the officers is sub-
versive of the discipline of the Academy. It will,
if maintained, place the government of the institu-
tion in the hands of the first class whenever they see
it to constitute themselves the judges of the delm-
quenoieti of the members of tho other classes* and
IfiU thus destroy all subordination and respect for
law in the corps of cadets. The conduct of the offi-
cers shows alack of comprehension of the principles
of military discipline surprising in officers of long
and honorable service in the Army. The only thing
that can be said in extenuation of their action is the
fact that their efforts to maintain discipline here-
tofore have not been properly sustained by the
authorities a,t Washington, and that sentences of
courts-martial providing tor the dismissal of cadets
have almost invariably been remitted.
Second. As to the case of the three cadets, Baird,
Flickinger, and Barnes: Your committee believe that
they; were guilty of serious offenses against the reg-
ulations and discipline of the Academy; but from
the circumstances and the character of tneboys they
do not believe them destitute of either manliness or
integrity. The two, Baird and Flickinger, freely
admitted their offenses. It does not appear that
Barnes has said anything on the subject of the
transaction. Your committee believe that the pub-
licity given this affair, and their enforced resigna-
tions, will bo a severe punishment, and they should
be restored, to take effect in June next. This will
cause them a los3 of a year in their course, and will
be a sufficient guarantee that they will not again
offend in a like manner.
The committee would make no exception as to
Bafrnes. His examination, under the circumstances,
and deficiency as the result thereof, should not be
taken as irrevocable, and he should be also restored.
Your committee, therefore, recommend that Cadets
Baird, Flickinger, and Barne-s be restored, to enter
the Academy on the commencement of the next
academic year.
Third. As to the offense of the first class; Your
committee, in making a recommendation respecting
thisclass, realize theimportance of the subject. This
class committed a grave offense; none graver can be
committed by an officer or asoldier. Such action on
the part of tho cadets is subversive of all discipline
in the Academy, and must tend to destroy its useful-
ness and cause a vicious influence to emanate there-
from.
The offense is the more grave because these cadets
have been under military discipline for nearly four
years, and would soon graduate to enter the Army,
to assist, so far as the Army may, to protect the lives
and property of the citizens of the country. These
cadets could not have beeu ignorant of their duties,
nor of the regulations under which they are governed.
These they have made their study since they have
been connected with the Academy. They them-
selves assist as cadet officers, to enforce discipline in
the Academy and to bring to punishment those who
violate the academic regulations. Further, they
could not have overlooked or forgotten the academic
regulations, which contain the following paragraphs
found on pages 42 and 43 of the Book of Regulations :
" 124. All combinations, under any pretext what-
ever, are strictly prohibited. Any cadet who, in
concert with others, shall adopt any measure, under
pretense of procuring a redress of grievances, or
sign any paper, or enter into any written or verbal
agreement with a view of violating%r evading any
regulation of the Academy, or do any act contrary
to the rules of good order and subordination, or who
shall endeavor to persuade others to do the same,
shall be dismissed the service/'
Again:
**135. No cadet shall, without permission, visit
during the hours of study, or between tattoo and
reveille, or be unnecessarily absent from his room
or tent at those times."
The facts in this case show clearly not only com-
bination and agreement, but that tho class did such
acts as were directly in violation of the rules of
goodorderand subordination so pointedly described
in paragraph 124. the penalty for a violation of
which is dismissal. If this offense is overlooked,
how can good order, subordination, and discipline
bo kept up in tho lower classes in the Academy ?
Your committee, therefore, believe that the cadets
engaged in tho disgraceful affair should be severely
punished, and that any slight punishment wiil have
the effeccto aggravate the evil instead of proving a
remedy.
Four years ago a part of the first class took an m-
nooentcadetintotheirown hands, branded "thief"
upon him, and drummed him from the Point. The
instigators of rhe offense were tried by court-martial
convicted, and sentenced to be dismissed; but on
application to the authorities at Washington the
sentence was remitted, and this recent outrage
must be regarded as in part the fruit of the leniency
then shown.
The committee are of the opinion that the members
ofthe first class who were the instigators and leaders
in the affair of the 3d of January should be at once
dismissed from the Aeademy, and that all the other
members of th&class who participated in the affair
should be tried by a general court-martial and sub-
jected to punishment. They therefore recommend
the adoption by ,the House of the accompanying
resolutions:
fieeolved, That the House of Representatives rec-
ommend that the Secretary of War restore Cadets
Baird, ITUckinger and Barnes to the Military Acad-
emy atWest Point, to take effect with the beginning
of tho next academic year, and then permit them to
proceed with tho fourth class without further pun-
ishment for tho offenses heretofore committed by
them. |
He*olved, That the House of Representatives rec- t
ommend that the Secretary of War convene a court
of inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining what mem-
bers of the first class were instigators and leaders in
the affair of January 3, at the United States Military
Aeademy, and that such leaders and instigators be
at once dismissed from the Military Academy, and
the remaining members of the cUs3 engaged in the
aftair be punisned at the discretion of a general
court-martiai, to be the convened fortheirtri&i,
Mr. ASPER. I now move that the report,
with the testimony, be printed,, and recommit*
ted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ASPER. I give notice that on Tuesday
of next week, after the morning liour, we wiil
report the matter back for the consideration of
the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President was common*
icated to the House by Mr. Ho&ace Poster,
one of his secretaries.
GERMANY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
The union of the States of Germany into s^form of
government similar in many respects to that of tho
American Union i3 an event that cannot fail to
touch deeply the sympathies of the people of the
United States.
This union has been brought about by the long-
continued, persistent efforts of the people, with the
deliberate approval of the governments and people
of twenty-four of the German States, through their
regularly constituted representatives.
In it the American people see an attempt to repro-
duce in Europe some of the best features of our own
Constitution, with such modifications as the history
and condition of Germany seem to require. The
local governments of the several members of the
Union are preserved, while the powers conferred
upon the chief imparts strength for the purposes of
self-defense, without authority to enter upon wars
of conquest and ambition.
The cherished aspirations for national unity, which
for ages has inspired the many millions of people
, speaking the same language, inhabiting acontigu-
! ous and compact terriiory, but unnaturally sepa-
• rated and divided by dynastic jealousies and the
j ambition of short-sighted rulers, has been attained,
i and Germany now contains a population ot about
I thirty-four millions, united like our own under ono
i Government, for its relations with other Powers, but
I retaining in its several members therightand power
j of control of their local interests, habits, and insti-
1 tutions.
! The bringing of great masses of thoughtful and
I free people under a single Government must tend to
make Governments what alone they should be, tho
representatives of the will and the organization of
the power of the people.
The adoption in Europe of the American system
of union under the control and direction of a free
people, educated to self-restraint, cannot tail to ex-
tend popular institutions and to enlarge the peace-
ful influence of American ideas.
The relations of the United States with Germany
are intimate and cordial. The commercial inter-
course between the two countries is extensive, and
is increasing from year to year; and the large num-
ber of citizens and residents in the United States
of German extraction and the continued flow of
emigration thcnce to this country have produced
an intimacy of personal and political intercourse
approacuing if not equal to that with the country
from which the founders of our Government derived
their origin.
The extent of these interests and the greatness of
the German Union seem to require that in the class-
ification of the representatives of this Government
to foreign Powers there should no longer be an
apparent undervaluation of the importance of tho
German mission such as is made in the difference
between the compensation allowed by law to the
minister to Germany and those to Great Britain ar.d
France. There would seem to be a great propriety
in placing the representative of this Government at
Berlin on the .same footing with that of its repre-
sentatives at London and Paris. The union of the
several States cf Germany under one Government
and the increasing commercial and personal inter-
coursebetweenthc two countries will also add io .he
labors and the responsibilities ofthe legation.
I therefore recommend that the salaries ot the
minister and of the secretary of legation at Berlin be
respectively increased to the same amounts as are
allowed to those at London and at Paris.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, February 7, 1871.
Mr. BANKS- I move that the message be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPEAL OF INCOME TAX.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2994) to repeal the income
tax f which was read a first and second time.
