1870.
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
Washington, D. C.
Dear Colonel: I have been for the last few days
in the upper end of Sumuer county, and I was utterly
astonished to fi^d such a state of society existing as
they have there. On Saturday night last, the 3d
instant, the Kukluxeswent at about midnight to a
colored man's house of the name of Bird Sweeny, at
Castilian Springs. There were about fourteen of
them dressed up in all kinds of fantastic shapes.
They shot the old man in the hand and beat him
unmercifully about the head with pistols for no other
offense but voting for you. I knew him to be agood,
hard-working man. He was a blacksmith, and did
good service tor you at the last election. I have been
informed by two respectable authorities, both white
men, that he died last night from the eft'ects of the
punishment inflicted upon him. There are scores of
cases of a simila-r nature that it is heart-rending to
think of the sufferings the poor people of color have
to endure. The marauding cut-throats prowl around
the county about every second night in the week.
The object they have in view is to clear out the col-
ored people because they vote the Republican ticket.
It is a melancholy thing to think that the poor crea-
tures have.no civil protection. The laws seem to be
dead in then* case. They are hunted like wild bears
in the Black Forest of Germany. I think it is the
duty of the Government to protect her weak citizens.
There are scores of them that had to fly with their
lives from Jackson, Smith, Wilson. andDeKalb coun-
ties. I write these few lines to you about theirsitua-
tion, that if anything can be done it ought to be
done quickly. As strong as you may think I write I
come considerably under the reality.
Hoping you will draw the attention of the Govern-
ment to the situation of the country, that her citizens
may live in peace and reap the fruits of their labor.
I have the honor to be, Colonel, your obedient
servant,
Hon. W. F. Pkossf.r, M. G.
Cedar Hill,
Hobertson County, Tennessee,
JYtyjemljer 14,1870.
My Dear Sir : I write to inform you that I was
notified here by some band of persons who keep their
names concealed, that if I did not cease to advocate
your cause in the recent election I would be dealt
within themostsummary andinhumanmanner, and
compelled to leave the place within the space of five
days. Such was the threatening nature of the no-
tice served on me that I deemed it unsafe to deposit
my vote, inasmuch as X am alone and entirely unpro-
tected by friends or relatives in the neighborhood
who could raise a voice in my behalf or assist in my
defense if this unknown clan with devilish intentions
should assail my place of residence at any time dur-
ing the silent hours of the night, the intention to
do which is plainly indicated in the notice served on
me. I shall, therefore, as soon as convenient, leave
the place where such unprincipled intentions are
manifested against me. * ^
Most respectfully, yours, &c.,
Hon. W. F. Prosser.
Mr. Speaker, these letters are from intelli-
gent and reliable white gentlemen, with whom
1 am personally acquainted, and 1 will vouch
for their correctness. They are characteristic
not only of Tennessee, but of the whole South.
1 might read numbers of letters of the same
kind, going to show that the leaders of the
Democratic party in the South are a revolu-
tionary and lawless band ofconspirators against
the authority of the United States Government;
that they do not deserve and have no right to
receive the benefit of any measure of magna-
nimity from this Congress. I, for one, have no
hesitation in saying that I regret exceedingly
that the Reconstruction Committee did not see
proper to report a bill for the protection of
life and property in the South instead of report-
ing a measure looking to the strengthening
of the enemies of the country.
I stand here to-day, and in my place on this
floor I appeal to this House and to this Con-
gress for some measure of protection which
will allow men, without regard to color or con-
dition, to live in the South and enjoy every-
where the free expression of their political
opinions. I claim this at the hands of the
Republican party. Speaking in the interests
of the loyal men of the country, who have a
right to be heard on this floor, I say that the
country requires a measure of this kind for the
protection of the lives and property of its loyal
citizens. They have a right to expect from you
the legislation which may be needed to carry
out in full faith and effect the principles upon
which the Government is supposed to be con-
ducted.
Sir, in 1113' humble judgment the life of one
loyal man is worth more than amnesty to all
the unpardoned and mirepenting rebels in ex-
istence. Yet their lives are sacrificed, and they
are, in the language of one of those letters I
just read, "hunted like wild beasts." And
hundreds of men in the southern States dare
not sleep iti their humble houses at night for
fear they may be called out in the darkness by
some band of shrouded wretches from whom
there would be 110 escape, and murder, whip-
ping, or some other outrage would be the con-
sequence. Jf the Republican party does not
exhibit more unity arid harmony, and does not
exercise more firmness and decision in its legis-
lation, we shall soon see this Government pass
under the control of the Democratic party, and
all the measures adopted recently in the inter-
ests of humanity repealed or annulled. It is
the full and deliberate intention of the leaders
of the Democratic party by violence, intimida-
tion, and every means of that character, to
carry ia the next presidential election every
State south of the Ohio river.
I demand of this House some measure which
will effectually and finally put a stop to the law-
less proceedings which are being carried on in
every southern State. Governors issue proc-
lamations and officers pretend to execute the
laws; but those proclamations amount to noth-
ing more than the whistling of a jay-bird in
bringing to punishment the perpetrators of
these outrages. Out of the thousands of mur-
ders committed by the Kuklux Klan in the
South during the past three years I have never
known an instance where the guilty parties
were arrested and punished as they deserved.
I am for amnesty, Mr. Speaker, at the first
moment it can be declared with safety to all the
citizens of the Republic ; but I think that we
owe something to the loyal people of the coun-
try who have faithfully stood by the Govern-
ment of the United States through the destruc-
tion and devastation which the war has inflicted
upon the South. I know how much the south-
ern people have suffered. Personally I should
be heartily glad if the time had arrived to wipe
out all the disabilities resting upon them. But,
sir, I do not believe that time has arrived, and
I hope, instead of a measure of general am-
nesty, we may have a measure which will
enforce law and order throughout the length
and breadth of the whole United States, espe-
cially through every part of the South, so
that every man, however humble he may be,
may be allowed free political privileges, free
speech and a free press, without fear of violence
from those who make up and control that or-
ganization which has its ramifications all over
the southern country. The best citizens of the
southern States desiie peace, law, and order,
and do not wish to follow the lead of ambitious-
and designing men who would involve the coun-
try in all manner of difficulty to accomplish
their selfish and corrupt purposes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, believing as 1 do
in universal amnesty, I advocate the passage
of this bill. It is not all I desire. If I had
my own way untrammeied I would make it far
broader than it is. But 1 behove this is the
best we can get at this session, and, as a prac-
tical man, i will take what I can get. We
rarely obtain all we desire at one effort, and
whatever may be done hereafter, believing in
amnesty full and free, I will not, in beliaU of
my constituents who are to be benefited, reject
the advantages of this bill because it does not
meet all the requirements of our case. I do
not wish to grasp for all and lose everything.
This is a great step in the light direction, and
so far as it goes X accept it, while I shall con-
tinue to vole as X have voted ail along for indi-
vidual amnesty, for special amnesty, for partial
nmnest\, and, whenever i can do so practically,
I shall vote for universal amnesty.
I wish to say in response to what has been
, said by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
| Pkosseu] that it is undoubtedly true that in
our scetion of the country, in Mississippi and
I in Tennessee, there are loo many Kuklux
I outrages: but I ask practical men if that is
any good reason why disqualification should
prevail V Is it any reason, because men have
been murdered, that punishment of the mur-
derer should be disqualification from holding
office? The punishment is too ludicrous, it is
too absurd to say if a man commits an out-
rage like that the gentleman has spoken of he
shall not hold office under the United States.
Nor do I believe, like the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Duke,] that amnesty should be
granted to the people of the South because
they fought so bravely against the Govern-
ment, even if they did believe they were right
in so doing. Such logic would acquit all great
criminals, and punish the lesser ones only.
It would be but holding out a premium for
even bolder struggles against the Government
in the future. It is enough, in all conscience,
to give amnesty for disloyalty, without asking
that that amnesty shall be given as a meritori-
ous reward for the very boldness and persist-
ence of such disloyalty. Such talk, however
flattering to our southern constituents, will
never bring about the amnesty for which we
labor. I am not sent here to clamor over
wrongs, real or fancied.
My constituents want useful practice, not
vain repinings or idle theories. We want
votes, not eloquence; we want results, not
resolutions; we want in our favor not empty
declamation, but decisive action. There is 110
force in those men who dream brave dreams
yet live resultless lives. It is idle folly, and
to the people of the South it is gross injury,
to make this bill so broad that it cannot go
through the narrow gateway of yonder Senate.
A defeat is just as disastrous to us whethei
it comes from open enemies or ill advised
friends. If we do not load down this bill we
can carry it through the House, and secure at
least so much of advantage. If it passes the
Senate and becomes a law the exceptions are
so few that we will have practically almost
universal amnesty. And at any and all times
hereafter, if any one, especially any of the
Democracy, who now denounce this bill and
aspire to be the champions par excellence of
universal amnesty, will introduce a bill for
universal amnesty, I will go with them, work
with them, and vote with them ; though I
should be the only Republican 011 this floor so
doing.
As a Republican, I wish this amnesty bill
to pass a Republican Congress as a Repub-
lican measure. Our Chicago platform con-
templates the passage of an amnesty bill, and.
in its own language, looked forward to the day
when all disabilities imposed upon the late
rebels should be removed. That day has come.
The time is now. Let us give amnesty freely
and cheerfully. There is often more in the
manner of the giving than in the gift itself.
Delay is but injurious to the Republican party.
It places the Republicans of the South in a
false and unpleasant position. It makes us
almost enemies and aliens among our neigh-
bors. It is the worst of political blunders to
j imagine that people can be forced to love a
: party. You cannot compel friendship. He who
1 would have friends must himself be friendly.
Any party seeking the support of the people
must seek it through their friendship _ and
respect, not through their hales 01' their fears.
If the Republican party wishes to build itself
] up in the South, if it wishes to perpetuate its
power, if it wishes to secure a lodgment in tne
hearts of the people, it must do it by love and
respect, not by disfranchisement and hate. It
must learn the 'iesson, and learn it well, that
" Every gate that's barred to Hale
Shall open wide to Love."
Men who are not statesmen, bat politicians
only, can learn a lesson from our Mississippi
elections. ■ We went into the canvass as avowee.,
open Republicans, standing upon tjo t'i_ugir
Republican platform, yielding no point or the
Republican faith, and we also emblazoned ou
our banners those magic word-, t-f talismaiiic
power to white auil Mack, "ujurewal suterage,
