1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
so far as the condition of things in my own
State is concerned, there is certainly no call
for it there. I dp not see any necessity in the
condition of the country that demands such a bill
as this; one that, in my judgment, is so fraught
with iniquity as it is. In the hands of good
men, perhaps, no great injury might result from
it, except the general injury that always ensues
to the liberties and freedom of the people
fryn such usurpations; but in the hands of
bad men it is a most powerful instrument of
oppression, and is one that may be broughtto
bear as seriously upon those who have enacted
it as against those for whom it is to be enacted.
It will, in a great measure, be inoperative at
any rate, for if there are any portions of the
United States, if there are even any cities that
demand it, the execution of it will, in a great
measure, be in the hands of the very persons
for whose punishment it is intended, and it
will be inoperative and abortive.
But the sixteenth section is the one to which
I wish to direct tny attention at the present
time; and that is the provision for taking these
cases from the State courts and placing them
in the hands of the United States courts. The
people of my own State are unaccustomed to
this species, not only of legislation, but of
administering laws. They are almost entirely
ignorant of the presence of the Federal officers;
they have never known their presence there,
particularly in the enforcement of penal legis-
lation ; they are utterly opposed to any such
method of enforcing laws. Citizens are by
this section to be taken from their own homes
to distant parts of the country, among strangers,
to be tried. They are not really to be subjected
to the proper method of trial that heretofore
has obtained in our country. They will repel
indignantly this method of treatment, and your
bill will, in a great measure, be a dead letter
there from the time it is enacted, as it ought
to be a dead letter. 1 do not care what your
legislative enactment may be, if the circum-
stances which surround the people, their habits
ot' thought, their methods of looking at these
questions are not respected by the law and the
law-makers, it will certainly not be executed.
It never has been in this country; it never can
be in any free country where the people are
accustomed to make their own laws and to
demand that the laws passed by their repre-
sentatives shall be in conformity to their views
of morality, their views of right and justice,
their methods of thinking, their methods of
enforcing rights. They will necessarily object
to it, and the law must be a dead letter. I
therefore am opposed to this section and wish
that it may be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. There is another reason
why I think this amendment ought to prevail,
which probably may affect the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conklixg.] It pro-
poses to bring into the district and circuit courts
of the United States an infinite amount of very
laborious business. I know that Senator, from
his conscientious sense of duty if not volun-
tarily, at least zealously opposed the increase
of the salaries of the poor gentlemen who
occupy those benches one fippenny-bit. Now,
1 ask him, after he would not give them any-
thing extra in the way of pay, will he double
their burden and still keep them at this rate
of pay ?
Mr. STEWART. He has made up his mind
to stand by their salaries now.
Mr. BAYARD. What did the Senator from
Nevada say?
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from New
York has made up his mind to stand by the
salaries, and we shall have no more trouble on
that point.
Mr. BAYARD. I am very sorry he should
make up his mind to do such injustice to him-
self in this case. He was such a champioa
of economy on the subject of judicial salaries,
so very strenuous upon that point of keeping
the men who now serve us in that capacity
from receiving the ordinary rates which their
professional exertions would entitle them to
off the bench, that I trust he will not now be
guilty of the injustice, for such I must esteem
it, of doubling their labors when he has just
refused to advance their pay.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 39 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Fowler,
Johnston, McCreery, Miller, Thurman, and Vick-
ers—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin. Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell,
Lowis, MoDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Osborn,
Pomeroy. Pool. Pratt, Ramsey. Revels. Robertson,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart,
Warner, "Williams, and Wilson—39.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hill, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Patterson, Rico, Ross, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. Trum-
bull, Willey, and Yates—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. The various amendments
offered thus far to this bill have been in sub-
stance as to points of the bill which the movers
of the amendments considered substantially
injurious as matters of legislation. It has been
averred by the minority who are opposing this
bill that it was the intention of the Senate to
pass this bill as it came from the House, no
matter how defective it might be in any respect
at all. On the first line of what is numbered
in this bill as section twenty, although it may
have been intended for section two, and yet in
point of fact it is section one—on line one of
the first page of the bill the language is, "And
be it further enacted, that if any registration of
voters." There is a printer's omission of the
word "at" between "if" and "any." Now,
for the purpose of testing the accuracy of the
charge that there was not an i to be dotted
or a t to be crossed in this bill, but that it was
to be kept "with all its imperfections on its
head"—and I wish I could say "sent to its
last account" also by the vote of the Senate, I
move to insert the word "at"—in order to
render this line of the bill sensible. I cannot
make it right; but I propose to make it sensi-
ble in the way of the ordinary English meaning
of words.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps by reference to
the engrossed bill you will find the word
"at" in.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill before us has not
the word. We can only judge by the copies
furnished us.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to my friend
from Delaware that inserting so small a word
as that will have very slight influence in making
the bill sensible. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. I did not say it would make
the bill sensible ; I said it would make the line
8@nsi ble.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware moves to insert the word " at"
after the word "if" in the first line of the
section on the first page of the printed bill.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not necessary;
the bill is all right.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have
the engrossed bill examined as it passed the
House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
sent for.
Mr. BOREMAN. I want it examined as to
this point.
Mr. BAYARD. On page 19, line seventeen,
section sixteen, the bill reads "setting lorth
that as counsel for the petition he has exam-
ined the proceedings against him." I presume
that word "petition" is meant for "peti-
tioner." I move to insert the syllable " er "
after the word " petition" in that line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the the-
ory of those who have been urging this bill is
that it is authorized by the provision in the
Constitution to be found in article one, section
four. That section is:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
tho Congress may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
The bill is a flagrant violation, in nearly
every material provision, of that section of
the Constitution; but there are some viola-
tions which are worse than others, and the
fifth section contains one that is the worst of
all. It will be found on page 7 of the bill,
commencing at line eighteen and ending at
line twenty-six. Probably but few members
of the Senate, especially of the majority, have
read the bill, and therefore, for their inform-
ation 
Mr. BOREMAN. I have read it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I said that but few had
read the bill; and I have no doubt that my
friend from West Virginia is one of the few,
for I saw him reading it. I will state to the
Senators of the majority, most of whom, as I
said, I think have not read the bill, that by
section five certain duties are imposed upon
officers denominated supervisors ot election.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Senators
will preserve order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall feel obliged to
the President if he will enable me to go 011, if
it be in his power, but I cannot while there is
so much noise in the Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
will preserve order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall have to call for
the reading of that rule which forbids gentle-
men addressing the Chair or each other from
their seats, in loud and boister®u3 tone and
manner.
Of these supervisors there are two in each
precinct in every city of twenty thousand in-
habitants. Now, in addition to other powers
and duties imposed on these personages by
this act, I find this extraordinary provision,
which begins with a manifest deception and
carries throughout a gross assumption of power
never supposed to be sustained by anything in
the Constitution. I say so because it is a mani-
fest attempt to authorize these functionaries
to interfere directly in the elections for State
officers. The language is:
And to the end that each candidate for the office
of Representative or Delegate in Congress shall
obtain the benefit of every vote for him cast, tho
said supervisors of election are, and each of them is,
hereby required, in their or his respective election
districts or voting precincts, to personally scrutinize,
count, and c:mvaps each and every ballot in their or
his eleetion district or voting precinct east, whatever
may be the indorsement on said ballot, or in what-
ever box it may have been placed or be found.
What is the meaning of that? What is the
manifest object of it? We all know that in
the practical administration of elections it is
the custom to provide separate boxes for dif-
ferent officers. Thus there is a box for the
vote for members of Congress; there is another
box for the vote for State officers, by which I
mean officers of the Stategovernment ;_anot,her
box for members of the State Legislature;
perhaps a fourth box for city officers, if there
be such to be voted for at that election.
Here is a provision authorizing these per-
sons, under the bald and exceedingly shallow
pretense of enabling each candidate for Rep-
resentative in Congress to get the benefit " of
every vote for him cast," to thrust their hands
into every ballot-box povidedfor State, county,
and city officers; and not only that, but to
" personally scrutinize," whatever that means,
" count, and canvass each and every ballot in
their or his district or voting precinct cast, what-
ever may be the indorsement on said ballot,
