214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
universal amnesty," and, like Constantine of
old, "by this sign we conquered/'
Why delay the passage of this bill? Every
one in this Hall knows that sooner or later
amnesty will prevail. If this Congress will
not pass it the next one surely will. Then
why higgle and chaffer with inevitable fate?
Why oppose the certain march of destiny? Is
it because politicians are trying to make trad-
ing capital of it? The heart of the American
people is too great and too liberal to allow its
generous sentiments to be huckstered in the
market-place by trading politicians.
As a Union soldier, who served through all
the years of bloody war, I advocate this bill.
There are other lessons to be learned in war than
the lessons of passion and hate. Courtesy and
magnanimity to a brave enemy and generosity
to a fallen foe are the lessons which every true
soldier learned. And furthermore, as a citizen
and Representative of Mississippi, I earnestly
plead for the passage of this bill. It would be
an act of grace to the constituents, and also
of favor and justice to the Representatives.
I do not wish to have it said that I represent
upon this floor a partially gagged and muzzled
constituency. It is contrary to the principles
of a free Government. Every Representative
should be amenable to the judgment of all of
his constituents.
In considering this matter let us put behind
us the hate and bitterness of the war. While
we heed and remember the stern lessons it
taught, let us try to bury out of sight the pas-
sions and prejudices which it engendered ; let
this House set the noble example. Let us
exiend the olive branch of peace, shorn of not
a single leaf. Let us try to exorcise and ban-
ish forever the dark demons of hate and pas-
sion now flitting through the South, and wel-
come back the white-robed angel of peace
" whose wings shall scatter healings through
the land.'1 Then will the southern States come
up to the full measure of their greatness, and
the pen of wise-judging history shall record
that the American nation arose from the death-
struggle ennobled by patriotism and loyalty,
purified by war and commotion, glorified by
amnesty and pardon.
Mr. CONNER obtained the floor.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. CONNER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
in the brief time allowed enter into a discus-
sion of the general provisions of this bill, which
have been so fullydebated by others. I had
hoped to have obtained permission of the gen-
tleman having charge of the bill to move to
strike out the paragraph from line fifty-two to
line sixty-three, which is as follows:
And whoever shall prosecute or promote, directly
or indirectly, such cause, suit, plaint, or indictment,
whether as party or attorney, and whoever shall
further entertain or consider as judge any such
cause, suit, plaint, or indictment in said Statecourt,
after such suggestion shall have been made or filed
in writing, shall be liable as and for a high misde-
meanor, and, upon indictment in the circuit court
of the united States for that district, and upon con-
viction, to bo punished by fine of not less than $1,1)00
and.not more than $5,000, and imprisonment in the
penitentiary not less than one year nor more than
iive years, at the discretion of the court.
But upon application just made lam refused
the opportunity of proposing that amendment.
Though there are other objectionable features
in the bill, the paragraph referred to appears
to me so objectionable, so odious, that I shall
confine myself to that alone.
It will_ be seen, and I hope the House will
take notice, that the paragraph referred to con-
tains two propositions or provisions: first,
that "whoever shall prosecute or promote,
directly or indirectly, any such cause, suit,
plaint, or indictment," whether as party or
attorney, kc., "shall be liable as for a high
misdemeanor," and upon "conviction shall be
punished by a fine not less than SI,000 and
not more than ยง5,000, and imprisonment in
the penitentiary not less than one year nor
more than five veavs."
Now, sir, I must say that this appears to me
a novel and most extraordinary provision to
be incorporated into a statute of this Govern-
ment. Have you not in this bill created a
statutory bar to all such suits, proceedings, and
indictments to be presented on the trial, or even
on a preliminary motion before trial? What
object will there be, then, for any attorney or
party to prosecute any such suit or indictment
when there is a perfect defense and nothing
can be gained by the prosecution? It may
be said, and that is all that can be said, that
some one may prosecute a groundless suit or
indictment.
But, sir, cannot any person in the United
States prosecute a groundless and vexatious
suit or indictment against another for the
highest crime known to the laws ? And what
deters them? Why, sir, the cost and expense
and ultimate failure of the prosecutor, and the
liability for a malicious prosecution. There
is just as much reason for having a provision
of this nature in nearly every statute, State
and Federal, as to have it in this. The
reason why I particularly object to this pro-
vision is this: if the proposed bill shall become
a law there will in many cases arise nice and
doubtful questions as to whether the alleged
cause of action or indictable offense arose out
of the war of the rebellion, whether it comes
within the provisions of this act. If the party
or his attorney shall make a mistake upon a
legal question, or as to the facts, you propose
to punish him as a criminal. Who ever heard
before of a provision like this being incorpor-
ated into a statute in this country? Again, the
second proposition contained in the paragraph
is infinitely worse, and unprecedented. It is
that any judge in any State court who, after a
suggestion during the pendency of any such
suit, proceeding, or indictment, that the same
arose out of the matters referred to in the first
section of the act, shall further entertain or
consider, as judge, such suit, proceeding, or
indictment, shall be liable as for a high mis-
demeanor, and be fined not less than ยง1,000
nor more than $5,000, and be imprisoned in a
penitentiary not less than one year nor more
than five years.
There, sir, is legislation for you ! What is
this for ? It will be said, of course, that it is to
coerce your judges, under fear of fine and im-
prisonment, to hold the scales of justice even.
But, sir, to make them keep the scales prop-
erly balanced you ought to impose the like
penalty and imprisonment for a mistake made
in favor of the defendant in any such suit or
prosecution. Sir, there will be nice questions
which will arise under the provisions of this
act, on applications for the removal of suits
and indictments from the State to the Federal_
courts:
1. Whether on the facts they are within the
provisions of this act; and
2. Wbetherthe provisions of the act are con-
stitutional.
I remember a similar provision as to re-
movalswas in the act known asthe "indemnity
act." That provision as t,o indictments has been
held by the State courts of New York unconsti-
tutional, and those decisions acquiesced in and
not appealed from, and in the case referred to
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
The United States exre Murray vs. The Judges
of the Supreme Court of the State of New
York, which was upon a mandamus issued by
the United States circuit court to compel the
judges of the State court to allow the record
to be removed into the Uuited State court,
Judge Nelson ordered the mandamus to issue;
but an appeal was taken in behalf of the State
judges from Judge Nelson's decision to the
Supreme^ Court of the United States, where
Judge Nelson's decision was unanimously
reversed, the decision of the State court
approved, and that provision of the indemnity
act declared unconstitutional, Judge Nelson
himself joining in reversing his former decis-
ion. I mention this case more particularly
because I originally brought and prosecuted
the action as attorney in the State court, and
know its history and the question involved
and the delicate positions in which judges
were placed when called upon to determine
whether the act of Congress transcended the
limits of the Constitution. I cannot see the
object or necessity of these provisions. At
first blush it would seem that some one had
inspired these provisions who might be liable
to prosecutions for causes or offenses which
are attempted to be barred by unconstitu-
tional provisions in this bill, and therefore
these high penalties are held up to deter par-
ties and attorneys from prosecuting, and to
coerce courts and judges to uphold and sus-
tain void and unconstitutional provisions of
this act in violation of the Constitution and
their official o&ths. One would have sup-
posed that a precedent for provisions like these
could only have been dug up from the fossil
remains of the dark ages. I know that old
Frederick of Prussia used to cane his judges
when they did not decide as he desired, and
that some of the kings of England, in a tyran-
nical age, imprisoned their judges for refusing
to determine in accordance with their despotic
mandates. But, with all due respect and con-
sideration, I submit that provisions like these
enacted into law in this enlightened age by the
Congress of the United States will be a dis-
grace to both, and will remain on your statute-
books for ages to come a burning shame to
those who enacted them.
Mr. CONNER addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Speaker, in the few
minutes which remain I will not attempt to do
more than briefly to put on record my views in
regard to this bill. The bill is a very compre-
hensive one. Amnesty, in the ordinary and
proper acceplationof that term, constitutes but
a small portion of its provisions. It professes
to go further, and take from loyal citizens of
the several States rights which they now have
under the Constitution and laws; rights that
they are now permitted to enforce in the courts
of justice, and which some of them have pro-
ceeded to enforce and are now prosecuting in
various courts of the nation. To my mind
the provisions of the bill in this regard are
exceedingly questionable. I will go further,
and say I think they are wrong. I think it is
wrong for Congress to pass a law by which
loyal men shall be prohibited from enforcing
their rights in the courts.
But apart from that, I am now opposed to a
general and sweeping amnesty. I say I am
opposed to it now. The time may come when,
in my judgment, such ameasure will be proper;
but I think that time has not yet arrived. I
have failed to see anything in the disposition
and conduct of the people of the South who
went into the rebellion which can give assur-
ance to my mind that they are now prepared
for such a measure of amnesty.
I believe that when we adopted the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution we meant
something by it. We adopted it not as a meas-
ure of ordinary legislation ; we established it
as a part of the organic law of the land; and
it seems to me we are in fearful haste to wipe
out its provisions and destroy all the benefits
which the nation expected to receive under
its benign influence. Why, sir, the ink has
scarcely dried on the statute-books where it is
printed ; yet we are met here by members from
all parts of the country asking us to legislate
it out of existence, to wipe it away. There is,
I rejoice to see, some diversity of sentiment
amongmembersrepresentingthe reconstructed
States. We find there are still some of them
who feel that repentance should precede par-
don. In my judgmentamnesty, properly under
stood, implies a pardoning act, a remission of
sins, and that there should be as a prerequisite
some penitence for past deeds, which in this
I\ case I am wholly unable to see.
!! [Here the hammer fell. 1
