1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
of the privileges given to them by their own
State laws so as to avoid trouble and to avoid
lawsuits.
Mr. President, this is an important part of
this, bill, and now how are you to avoid trouble
under it? Here are your deputy marshals
on one side, and on the other hand the State
constabulary, coming in contact. Here are
the boxes ; here is one box in each precinct
of the city of Baltimore containing all the bal-
lots. Your supervisorwill say, "I will have
them, as I am required under this law to scru-
tinize these votes, and you may have them
after I am done." The State commissioners
will say, "We are entitled to them; our whole
Sif(le election depends on the proper count of
these ballots ; our officers are elected on one
ticket." Nevertheless, the paramount au-
thority of the Government of the United States
may control in that instance; they may take
possession of the boxes and may control the
result of our local elections when those ballots
are returned to our own officers for count.
We have drawn attention to the bill; itought
to be discussed much further; but we know
that it is the predetermination of the gentle-
men of the majority in this Chamber to pass
this bill, and we must rely on their intelligence
and upon their knowledge of what a bill ought
to be to induce them to remedy, ultimately, a
great many of the imperfections and wrongs in
this bill. I trust so for the sake of the Ameri-
can name and for the American nation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California [Mr. Cassehly] to the fifth section.
[Putting the question.] The noes appear to
have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators in
favor of taking this question by yeas and nays
will rise. [Putting the question.] Only six
Senators have risen to second the call, which
is not a sufficient number.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I ask for a division.
The question biiing put, there were on a
division—ayes 6, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is a quorum in the
Chamber, and I think if the yeas and nays
were taken it would be so found. Some Sen-
ators did not rise on the division.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 39 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Fowler. Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Miller, Thurman,
and Viclcers—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Buckingham. Carpenter. Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin. Harlan, Harris, Howard, Htowe,
Howell, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye.
Osbora, i'omeroy, Fool. Pratt, Iiainsey, Revels, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Spencer, Stearns,
Stewart. Warner, Williams, and Wilson—39.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Casserly,
Cattell, Cole, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hill,
Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morton. Patterson, Rice.
Ross,Saulsbury,Kchurz, Sprasue, Stockton,Simmer,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, and Yates—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSEELY. In section fourteen I
find a provision as follows :
And there shall be allowed and paid to each and
every supervisor of election, and oach and overy
special deputy marshal who shall be appointed and
shall perforin his duty under the provisions of this
act, compensation at the rate of five dollars per day
for each and every day he shall have actually been
on duty not exceeding ten days.
Of course that limit will always be reached.
Including registration and election there never
will be any difficulty in making out a bill for ten
days. That gives fifty dollars. There are two
supervisors of election for each election pre-
cinct. Of election precincts there are about
three hundred in the city of New York, and
at the last election, where the military demon-
stration made so wretched a fiasco, they had,
according to the newspapers, three thousand
special deputies. Let us call the force for
New York four thousand special deputies and
supervisors. That makes for that one city an
expenditure at each election of $200,000.
Mr. NYE, (in his seat.) Oh, that is cheap 1
Mr. CASSERLY. I bear a gentleman say
that it is cheap. He may find it to be the
dearest investment he or his party ever made.
There are sixty-eight other cities, and sup-
posing that for those sixty-eight other cities
the cost will not be more than half a million
dollars, which is very far below the ratio
for New York, there is an expenditure of
$600,000 for this one item of five dollars a
day for these officers. That includes nothing
but compensation. Of course the movements
of your Array and Navy, munitions of war,
rations, and so on, are all extra ; and the
printing is all ex-tra. I think it will be within
bounds to say that under this bill the election
expenses for those sixty-nine cities of over
twenty thousand each will be over a million
dollars.
Now, I propose to strike out the whole of
the section which allows any fees to these mar-
shals and supervisors. I do so for the reason
mentioned, and for the further reason that in a
single section which I have taken the pains to
analyze, with my pencil in hand, I find no fewer
than sixty distinct offenses. With thirty-six
hundred men to operate in a city like New
York under a law which creates over sixty
offenses, it is very easy to see how certain it is
that the expenses under this bill will be'enorm-
ous. Besides their per diem, liere is a long
list of fees to be paid to the supervisors, or to
each chief supervisor, for his services, consist-
ing of ten cents for this, twenty cents for that,
fifteen cents a folio for pretty much every-
thing—
And for arranging and transmitting to Congress,
as provided for in scction seven of this act, any
report, statement, record, return, or examination, for
each folio, fifteen cents ; and for any copy tkoreof,
or of any paper on file, alike sum."
Imagine, sir, theelectionreturnsofsixty-nine
cities of twenty thousand people and upward are
to be all returned in duplicate or copies made
if required, and just reflect what the cost of
those papers will be merely at fifteen cents a
folio ! Goto New York, say there are one hun-
dred and fifty thousand names; every one of
those one hundred and fifty thousand names
has to be returned in duplicate with attesta-
tions. In Philadelphia the vote must be con-
siderably over one hundred thousand; and so
on, running down through the whole list of these
sixty-nine cities and towns. I think, sir, my
estimate of a million is considerably under the
mark for each election. I propose, therefore,
to strike out so much of this section as allows
these enormous fees to these officers; that is,
I move to strike out beginning with line four-
teen of section fourteen, page 17, commencing
with the words " and there" down to the end
of the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to amend the bill by striking
out from line fourteen of section fourteen to
the end of the section.
Mr. CASSERLY. As it is very short, I ask
that the words be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The wordsproposed to
be stricken out, commencing in line fourteen
of section fourteen, are as follows:
And there shall be allowed and paid to each and
every supervisor of election, and each and every
special deputy marshal who shall be appointed and
shall perforin his duty under the provisions of this
act, compensation at the rate of five dollars per day
for each and every day he shall have actually been
on duty not exceeding ten days. And the fee 01 the
said chief supervisors shall be paid at the Ireasury
of the United States, such accounts to be made out,
verified, examined, and certified as in the case ol ac-
counts of commissioners, save that the examination
or certificate required may be made by either the
circuit or district judge.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. In the seventh section,
twenty-sixth line, I propose to insert the words
" first giving notice to parties to be affected,
to take testimony on their part." Here are
various offenses prescribed in this bill and a
direction to the supervisor to take testimony.
It is ex parte altogether. Now, as this testi-
mony is ta affect persons who may be allowed
to violate this law, it is but proper that they
should have an opportunity of taking testi-
mony. I move, therefore, the insertion of the
words ''first giving notice to the parties to be
affected, to take testimony on their part."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land to the seventh section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. In the eighth section and
seventh line I propose to strike out the words
"two citizens" and to insert "ten citizens ofgood
character and standing in the community, on
oath, stating the reasons for such application,
and a reasonable apprehension of violence or
improper interference with the supervisors ap-
pointed or to be appointed under the pro-
visions of this act."
As the bill stands any two persons, so that
they are citizens, though they may neither be
able to read nor write, may call for the appoint-
ment of special deputy marshals, and they may
be appointed without number. It ought not
to be put into the power of two persons to
have special deputies sent to any particular
election place, but it should be by the request
of a larger number; and then they ought to be
of good standing and character, and upon oath
they should assign the reasons why they called
for aid. The deputy marshals should not be
appointed upon the mere ipse dixit of two per-
sons who may be picked up anywhere; but they
should upon oath declare that they have rea-
sonable apprehension that some violence or
improper interference will be exerted in the
coming election. If the Secretary has not the
amendment, I will send him my copy of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland to the eighth section.
The Chief Clerk. In line seven of sec-
tion eight it is proposed to strike out the words
"two citizens" and insert:
Ten citizens of good character and standing in
the community, on oath, stating the reasons for such
application and a reasonable apprehension of vio-
lence or improper interference with the supervisors
appointed or to be appointed under the provisions
of this act.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. In the tenth section, line
nineteen, I propose to strike out the words
"molest, interfere with." There ought to be
some definition of an offense. What is it to
"molest," what is it to "interfere with?" Is
it by act? Is it by word? How is it? Some
men might consider an act an interference with
them which others would not so consider.
There ought to be something to define what
"molest" or "interference with" is. Now,
one of the definitions of "molest" is "to
worry, to vex, or to tease." If any one shall
tease, either by tickling or in any other man-
ner, one of these officers, is that, to be an
offense for which he is to be punished? Then
"interfere with" is "to intermeddle." How
do men intermeddle with each other? They
often do so without committing any offense,
or intending to commit any j and yet, under
this bill, a man may be punished for vexing,
teasing, or intermeddling with another. 1
move to strike out those words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on this amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. In the sixteenth section,
on page 19, line thirteen, I propose, after the
word "affidavit" to insert "alleging that lie
cannot have a fair and impartial trial" in the
court in which said suit has been brought.
By this section a case may be removed to
the United States courts simply upon a peti-
tion in writing. We all know that in courts
the venue cannot be changed except on the
affidavit of a party, in which he must assign
some reason, and he must do so under 0£ith?
