1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
Mr. BIGGS, Mr. PLATT, Mr. BOOKER,
and Mr. JONES of Kentucky, obtained leave
to have printed in the Globe* remarks on the
pending bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
now to call the previous question on the sev-
eral amendments.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman wish
to call the previous question on the amend-
ments as separate from the bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the previous
question be called on everything—the bill and
all the amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When the
amendments are disposed of they may dispose
of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That does not fol-
low at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that the previous
question should be called on the bill and the
amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
made my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the right to make his motion in
whatever form he pleases, and the Chair must
so submit it. The question is, "Shall the pre-
vious question be now seconded on the pending
amendments and not on the bill?:'
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
motion so that the previous question shall be
called on the bill and amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to make'his motion in his
own way.
Mr. MAYNARD. And the motion for the
previous question is not amendable.
The SPEAKER. It is not amendable.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. Supposethatwevote
down the motion for the previous question;
what would be the effect?
The SPEAKER. It would leave the whole
question where it now is, free from the opera-
tion of the previous question. If the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts prevails,
the previous question will of course exhaust
itself with the disposition of the various amend-
ments, and the question will then recur on the
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
vote down the motion for the previous ques-
tion in the form now proposed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
Chair what would be the effect of voting down
the previous question as regards the right of
the gentleman from Massachusetts to an hour's
speech ; or if we shall second the motion, will
the gentleman then have an hour to speak 011
the amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold that
he could not speak an hour on the amendments
and then an hour on the bill. The subject is
a general subject; and when the gentleman
from Massachusetts rises to close the debate,
his right to the floor will be exhausted alter
he has occupied it for an hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But does the gentleman
rise to close the debate when he only calls the
previous question on the amendments and not
on the bill?
The SPEAKER. He must indicate to the
Chair whether he intends to close the debate.
If he should exercise the right to speak an
hour, the Chair would construe it as closing
the debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the Speaker does
not apprehend my question. 1 desire ihe Chair
to answer this inquiry: whether the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts, having control of
the bill, having made a speech 011 the bill, and
now calling the previous question only 011 the
amendments, would have the right to make
an hour's speech in that position of the
question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 can save
the gentleman all trouble on that point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts would have the right to speak on the
present proposition ; but if he should do so he
would not have the right to speak afterward
on the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say that I desire to call the previous question
on the amendments to the bill. Three of the
amendments are substitutes; and in case of
their adoption I think, for reasons which I hope
to disclose, that it would be well to move to
recommit the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
done; I think we should meet the question now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that the gentleman hopes so ; but let me
say what I desire. What I wish is simply to
have the bill open for recommitment. I can
live without amnesty as long as the rest of you.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman enters a
motion to recommit before he demands the
previous question, that will be the first question
on which the previous question will operate,
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that if the motion
be entered it will be voted down.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that; and I do not wish to enter that
motion now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair, and I want the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. Was there any
intimation to the House this morning by the
gentleman from Massachusetts that he would
divide his motion for the previous question?
I ask him to keep faith with this House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
long since indicated my desire to call the pre-
vious question. I think it is time for this griev-
ous flow of words to stop.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the House
understood that the gentleman would demand
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments, and I ask him to keep faith with this
House. If he does not wish to do so, I ask the
House to compel him to do it.
Several Members. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gave notice
that the gentleman would call the previous
question. That is generally understood to ap-
ply to the whole subject when not specifically
stated otherwise.
Mr. N1BLACK. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If the House should sustain the
demand for the previous question upon the
amendment"!, what is the order in which we
shall be called to vote 011 them ?
The SPEAKER. That is a legitimate and
pertinent inquiry, which the Chair will answer.
The first amendment voted on will be that of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bixuham.] The gentleman from Ohio
proposes to strike out the first section and
insert certain words in lieu thereof. The
gentleman from California proposes to strike
out all the other sections with the first; and
this proposition would be the first to be voted
on. The next amendment will be that of the
gentleman from Ohio in its original form or
as amended by the proposition of the gentle-
man from California. The next vote will be
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Wixans] to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farxsivortii,] which is in the nature of an
amendment to the substitute proposed by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] Then,
after a vole 011 the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, the substitute of the gentlemau
from Kentucky will be the last proposition
voted upon. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] now demands the previous
question 011 the pending amendments.
Mr. COBURN. 1 move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no; that carries all
the amendments with it-
Mr. COBURN. Certainly; Imovethatthe
bill and amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I appeal to my friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Cobubn] to at least allow a vote to
us who are in favor of general amnesty, so that
we may express the public sentiment on the
subject.
Mr. COBURN. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were fourteen in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion that the bill and pending amendments be
laid on the table; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, for the previous
question upon the amendments pending to the
original bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does that motion exclude
the original bill from the operation of the pre-
vious question?
The SPEAKER. It leaves the original bill
still open to debate and amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] to keep faith with
this House. I ask him to consider that in his
notice this morning of his intention to call the
previous question he made no such distinction
as he now makes.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House to decide ; it is not debatable.
Mr. BINGHAM. I know that. I ask the
House to allow me to make this appeal to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not if any gentle-
man object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to debate
out of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I hope the call for
the previous question will be voted down.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise for the purpose of
making a parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the House shall vote
j down this call for the previous question, will
| the Chair recognize as entitled to the floor
I some gentleman in favor of the amendments
which are pending, instead of the gentleman
I from Massachusetts ?
The SPEAKER. If the House shall not
sustain the call for the previous question the
gentleman from Massachusetts will lose his
right to the floor, according to general par-
liamentary usage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the call for the
previous question will be voted down.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the previous question; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 88, noes 74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bctler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Eldridge were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 94, noes 81.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
enrolled joint "resolutions signed.
Mr. BEATTY. from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 191) granting
an American register to the British-built bark
| Busy.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the same committee,
| reported that they had examined and found
i truly enrolled a joint resolution of the follow-
] ing title ; when the Speaker signed the same :
; A joint resolution (H. R. No. 428) relative to
j to the Centre Market in Washington.
amnesty again.
; The House again resumed the consideration
1 of the amnesty bill.
