1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
been often vested with discretion even larger.
But, i am well aware that tjiis is a large discre-
tion to be placed anywhere; and only the ter-
rible necessity which is upon us to provide for
the instruction of these children would induce
me to trust such a power to any executive offi-
cer. But it will be remembered—and if this
matter of detail does not meet the approbation
of the House it can be remedied by leaving
the matter'to be determined.byCongress here-
after—that during the whole period from now
until the 1st of Jaly, 1873,,the whole matter
will remain within the control of Congress.
It is incredible that any President would be
disposed, it is incredible that any President
would dare, to impose on any State which had
established a school system of its own any
arbitrary system under the national authority.
Mr. BUliCHARD. T should like to know
to what State the committee, or the gentleman
from Massachusetts, has now found it neces-
sary to enforce this system.
Mr. HOAR. I do not think it is worth while
for the gentleman to take up my time by rising
up to ask questions which I have already fully
answered. If the gentleman had listened to
my remarks he would not haveasked the ques-
tion ; and if lie does not choose to listen, he
ought not to interrupt me.
Mr. BOUCHARD. What States does the
gentleman refer to?
Mr. HOAR. The State of Tennessee as one
of the States was referred to by ine to-day. it
was stated that there were counties in that
State in which not one child was being edu-
cated. Such a condition of affairs imperative-
ly demands the interposition of the national
authority. The State of Texas, as 1 under-
stand, has two or three hundred thousand dol-
lars in gold in its treasury set apart by its
constitution for a" public-school system, and
yet no public-school system has been estab-
lished in that State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not believe, if we
should pass this law. that it will ever be neces-
sary to put it in force in any State of the
Union. I believe there is no State in the
country, if the alternative were held out,to it,
" Educate your people or we shall see that it
is done for you," but would at once establish
a school system for itself.
I am aware the bill may be imperfect; but
what 1 desire is that Congress shall place itself
in a positive position on this question. I wish
to see it exert its great power in fulfillment of
its duty to secure to all the people of the States
a republican form of government, not by force
of bayonets, not at the cannon's mouth, but
by providing to all the people of all the States
a perfect system of public-school instruction.
Mr. Speaker, I have seen it suggested in
some of the newspapers that this was a scheme
to consolidate power and to destroy or invade
State lights. What scheme for strengthening
the power of the State and for preventing the
consolidation of power at Washington is like
that which seeks to give every State in the
Union the power and strength which alone
come from a universally educated people?
This is a scheme, so far as it may be a subject
of expense to the national Treasury, of whose
burden my constituents, who have provided
themselves with a system of public instruction
at home, are willing to bear their full share,
so far as may be necessary for the purpose of
furnishing adequate education for other citi-
zens of the Republic who are denied such a
system of public schools.
There is no other purpose in this bill than
that which I have stared. I declare solemnly
that I have not had any partisan, personal, or
political end to promote in pressing this meas
ure. i believe on my soul that the country
which I love will perish from within if Con-
gress does not, look in the lace and deal with
this tremendous evil. Does anybody suppose,
when 1 say that in sixteen States four filths of
the children are in the darkness of ignorance,
and we rhould give them the light of knowl-
edge, that it is for the purpose of crushing the
liberties of those States or destroying their
political power by making them the victims of
the wealth and intelligence of any other sec-
tion ? No, sir 1 Education will give them free-
dom and independence ofaction. Tbe corrupt,
ambitious, self-seeking politician desires by
money, by corruption, by treachery, by artifice,
and not through education and intelligence, to
gain his way to power. It is ignorance, it is
vice, it is cowardice the scheming politician
loves to foster, that he may secure the ends of
his ambition. In holding out to these impe-
rial States, now taking their places again as
equals in our national councils, the light of
education, we give them the only means of
securing their own rights and liberties, by and
through which alone the life of the nation can
endure.
Mr. ARNELL took the floor.
Mr. McNEELY. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee does not desire to go on
to-night; and therefore I move that the House
do now adjourn.
TRADE WITH CANADA.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Printing, reported the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (tho Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed'five thou-
sand extra copies of the report ot' the commission
appointed by the Secretary of tho Treasury to exam-
ine and report on the trade between tho United
States and the provinces of Canada; two thousand
for the use of the House, one thousand for the use
of the Senate, and two thousand for distribution in
tho provinces.
DEFICIENCY J5ILL.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Appropriations, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1870, and June30,
1871, and for former years, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and
made the special order for Friday next. .
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. I desire to reserve
all points of order on the bill.
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION®.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bill and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 2287) to amend section
twenty-two of an act entitled " An act further
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18, 1860;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 417) authorizing
an American register to the British ship Robert
L. Lane;
Joint resolution (H. II. No. 449) to exempt
certain boats from the payment of marine
hospital dues, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 408) for the pro-
tection and preservation of the food lishes of
the coast of the United States; and
Joint resolution (H. R.'No. 479) repealing
the joint resolution approved July 15, 1870,
entitled "A joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of
George Chorpenning."
MESSAGE i'l'vOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that it had
passed without amendment a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2793) to authorize the
Worcester County National Bank, Massachu-
setts, to change its location ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 479) repealing
a joint resolution, approved July 15, 1870,
entitled "A joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of
Creorge Chorpenning."
It further announced that the Senate had
passed with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested :
Joint resolution (H. 11. No. 285) in favor
of Joshua Bishop, late lieutenant commander
United States Navy.
It announced in conclusion that the Senate
had passed billsof the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 717) for the relief of Harmon
E. Wentworth, late .second lieutenant four-
teenth New York heavy artillery ;
A bill (S. No. 929) to facilitate the trans-
portation of Asiatic, Australian, and European
merchandise across the territory of the United
States for exportation to foreign countries;
A bill (S. No. 989) to amend an act passed
March 2, 1831, entitled "An act allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Wheeling, Vicksburg, Cincinnati, Louisville,
St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez to be secured
and paid at those places; and
A bill (S. No. 1213) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Kelsey, Mr. Niblack, and Mr.
Poland as the conferees on the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. II. No. 2089) making
appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses.
OSAOI! INDIAN LANDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmuting certain
papers relative to the Osage Indian lands in
Kansas; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NEW MEXICO LAND CLAIJI.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the
report of the surveyor general of New Mexico
on private land claim No. 49, and accompany-
ing papers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
GLOUCESTER IIARB0K, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretaiy of War, in relation to the examina-
tion of the Gloucester harboi, and the White,
Little, Red, and Poppahannock rivers: which
was referred to the Committee on Commence,
and ordered to be printed,
ALASKA SEAL FISHERY.
The SPEAKER a'so, by unanimous con
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to the
leasing of the Alaska seal fishery; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
i'OUT BERTUOLD INDIAN AGENCY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter fiom the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
paying of the Northwest Pur Company lor
subsistence furnished by them for the Indians
of the Fort Berthold Indian agency; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY IN SURVEYING SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter iiom the
Secretary ot the Interior, in relation to an ap-
propriation of SI.055 08, to supply deficiencies
in the surveying service for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1870: which was refened to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
REPAIR OF CADET BARRACKS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
