1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
that he cannot have a fair and impartial trial
iu the court in which the suit was brought. I
propose that these words shall be added after
the word "affidavit."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on this amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land to section sixteen.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I propose to add a new
section to the bill. [Laughter.]
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted-—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Section nineteen
is already in the bill. It must be section
twenty.
Mr. VICKERS. Section twenty seems to
be at the beginning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That changes
section twenty of another bill. The Senator
proposes to add, as section twenty, the follow-
ing.
Mr. VICKERS. It is in these words:
And be it further enacted. That the thirteenth sec-
tion of the act "passed on the 31st of May, 1870, en-
titled " An act to enforce the right of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of this
Union, arid for other purposes," and which author-
ises the President of the United States to employ
such part of the land or naval forces of the United
States or of the militia as shall bo necessary in the
execution of judicial processes, be, and the same is
horeby, rcpealod.
[Laughter.]
When gentlemen on the Republican side of
the Chamber are done laughing I will go on.
It, does not annoy me; but it hardly seems
dignified for grave Senators to be laughing
when an amendment is offered to repeal a pro-
vision of law which authorizes the employ-
ment, 
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Calitorniarise to aquestion of order ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Tmerely wish to make a
remark to the Senator 1'iom Maryland if he
will allow me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland yield?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wish to remind
him that Nero fiddled while Rome was burn-
ing, and he must not be surprised if Senators
on the other side laugh on this occasion.
Mr. VICKERS. I was going to say that when
an amendment is proposed to this bill to take
away from the President of the United States
the power to order the military of this country
to overawe the free citizens of the country
when they come to deposit tlieir ballots, it
may be a matter so light as to excite the risi-
bility of some gentlemen who have determined
to pass this bill at this session ; but, sir, if
any one thing is more odious to the people of
this country than any other, it is the employ-
ment of military force at elections ; and yet it
lias been done all over the country. During
the war, the military of the United States were
sent from the city of Baltimore into my own
county, and some of the soldiers absolutely
took the ballot-box from the judges and said
no man should vote unless he voted the Gov-
ernment ticket. I repeat, sir, if there is one
thing more detested by the people of this coun-
try than any other it is the employment of
military force at elections.
Sir, there are two great evils growing up in
this country.
One is the enactment of laws in a caucus of
a portion of the members of a legislative body.
That is a vicious practice, one which will de-
stroy any Government. How can a measure
be investigated, analyzed, amended, or im-
proved if 110 reasons are to be assigned for it?
Measures of legislation ought to undergo the
searching scrutiny and investigation of every
member of the Senate in his public capacity.
Mind is to operate upon mind, reason is to
combat reason ; expressed thought will elicit
thought, and truth may be eliminated. I say,
it this practice be indulged in, there is an end
at once to all wise, just, and prudent legisla-
tion. A caucus may arrange party tactics and
combinations to be employed outside of legis-
lation upon matters affecting the vital inter-
ests of the country, but never legitimately
upon great questions of constitutional law and
public policy. If one law can be determined
upon hastily and inconsiderately in secret cau-
cus meeting, so may all laws, and thus the
very end and object of legislation be defeated
and the Government subverted.
Then the employment of the soldiery in the
elections is another of the most pernicious and
dangerous practices that ever grew up in any
country. What did Henry Clay say ? He said
he would prefer war, pestilence, and famine to
military rule. We had the military in my State
at the late November election, and we should
have had them in the county in which I live
at that last election if it had not been for a
letter which I addressed to the President of
the United States. I ascertained that the
soldiers were to be sent, and I immediately
informed the President that there was no rea-
son for it, not the slightest in the world for
their presence there or anywhere in Mary-
land ; that I could go security for the good
order of our people. And, sir, at that election
there was not a single act of disorder in the
county in which I live, where the voting negro
population en masse voted the Republican
ticket.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maryland as a new section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I am not surprised at the
vote at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Neither are we.
Mr. VICKERS. I now offer the following
amendment as an additional section to the
bill:
And be it further enacted. That a writ of error may
bo taken to the Supreme Court of the United States
by any one who may be fined or imprisoned under
the provisions of Ihis act.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that when I
offered a merely verbal amendment in the first
section of the bill, based upon the fact that a
word was omitted from the printed bill which
we had before us, it was instantly responded
to by several Senators of the majority that
when the engrossed bill came to be examined
it would be found all right. I merely wish to
say that on inspection the engrossed bill is
exactly as was the printed bill, and therefore
wrong.
^ Mr. CONKLING. l)e ■minimis non cufat
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to offer an amendment to the bill. The eighth
section of the bill provides for the appoint-
ment of deputy marshals for a large city, like
the city of New York, on the application in
writing of two citizens. I move to amend
that section by inserting after the word " re-
siding," in the seventh line, the words " in any
election precinct;" so as to require at least
two citizens residing in any election precinct
to make application, and then these aids or
deputy marshals may be appointed for that
particular precinct. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from. New York how many
election precincts they have in the city of New
York ? They must have two hundred and fifty
I suppose.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe, since Oakey
Hall added the last forty-two, there are about
two hundred and eighty.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Two hun-
dred and eighty election precincts.
Mr. NYE. That is little enough.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
I know nothing about Mr. Hall.
Mr. CONKLING. Not Tammany, but
Oakey Hall. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I know
nothing about Mr. Hall.
Mr. CARPENTER. He is a brother of
Tammany. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. No ; a son of Tammany Hall.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think the
Senator from Nevada is not far out of the
way. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, there may be some of these voting
precincts of the city of New York, two hun-
dred and eighty in number, in which you could
not find two men mean'enough to call for these
marshals to superintend their elections. You
could certainly find two men in the whole city
of New York who would do it-for the sake of
the five dollars; but it may be that in soma
of the voting precincts of that city, where
dwell respectable people and decent people,
who can manage their own affairs, no two men
can be found to call for any assistance at the
hands of the Government of the United States.
Give those people at all events a chance, by
amending this bill and limiting the application
to people in the election precincts where they
apprehend danger.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land to the eighth section of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make one re-
mark. The Senator from Delaware called the
attention of the Senate to the fact that there is
an omission of a word necessary to the sense
in one part of this bill; I do not know what
section it is. I have heard it suggested that
that is a mere clerical error which may be
corrected by the Committee on Enrollment.
I wish to enter my protest against any pnch
doctrine. The most that any Committee on
Enrollment can do is to correct bad spelling.
That they may do ; but I deny the power of
any Committee on Enrollment to supply any
word whatsoever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair co-
incides with the Senator from Ohio; but the
Chair will remind him, familiar with the Stat-
utes-at Large as he is, that by usage, not by
law, the Secretary of State supplies words
necessary to make the text complete.
Mr. THURMAN. I know how the Secre-
tary of State does that, in brackets, to signify
that they are not in the bill as it passed. I
understand the custom perfectly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The enrolling
clerk has no authority to do it.
Mr. THURMAN. The enrolling clerk has
no authority to supply anythirg, and the en-
rolling committee has no authority to supply
anything. The Secretary of State has nothing
but the original roll, and in giving a copy to
the printer he may put in brackets the omitted
words. That is a mere suggestion. He puts
them in brackets, which shows that they are
not in the original bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I stated awhile ago that
I thought the election precincts in New York
were about three hundred. I understood the
Senator from New York to say two hundred
and eighty. I think there are between two
hundred and ninety and three hundred upon
the last revision.
Mr. CONKLING. We will take it the
other way if we can only get a vote.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_Mr. HARRIS. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Da vis,]
who is sick and unable to be here. If he were
here he would voteagainst this bill, and I should
vote for it.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to state that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is
confined to his room by illness.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was requested by
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] to
state that he remained here nntil half past
