1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
Secretary of War, transmitting an estimate of
a special appropriation required to repair dam-
ages to the cadet barracks at the United States
Military Academy; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, asking for an appropriation
to repair the cadet barracks at West Point;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
sisterhood of st. joiin.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an appropria-
tion for the Sisterhood of St. John ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
pay and allowances of army officers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House of January 25, 1871,
in relation to the pay and allowances of the
several grades of officers in the Army, under
the act of July 15, 1870; which was referred
to the Committee ou Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
leave op absence.
Mr. BTRD, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave of absence for one week.
Mr. BARNUM, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for eight days.
Mr. CxVKE, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave of absence for one week.
gh01!gk w. lamb.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, leave was given to with-
draw from the flies of the House the petition
and papers pertaining to the application of
George W. Lamb for a pension.
JAMES It. STRALEY.
On motion of Mr. JUDD, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers relating to the
application of James R. Straley for return of
commutation money.
kblikp of certain citizens.
On motion of Mr. DUKE, by unanimous
consent., the Committee of Ways and Means
was discharged from the further consideration
of the joint resolution (H. It. No. 320) for the
relief of certain citizens of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia, and leave was given to withdraw from
the files of the House the petition and papers
accompanying the same.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sy.mp-
ron, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to the joint resolution of the Senate,
No. 308. authorizing the use of a naval vessel
to transport breadstuff's to Europe.
And then, on motion of Mr. McNEELY,
(at four o'clock and twenty-three minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A remonstrance of cit-
izens of Iowa residing within the Fort Dodge
land district, against the transfer of the land
office and records to Des Moines.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Jacob
H ou I p and su n d ry others, citizens of Livingston
and Carroll counties, Missouri, asking the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Morrisville,
in Livingston county, Missouri, to Norborne,
Carroll county, Missouri.
By Jlr. CLARK, of Texas: The petition
of Isaac P. Nixon, of Walker county, Texas,
for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of Dr. J.
G. Holland aud others, praying for the estab-
lishment of a national university of home-
opathy.
By Mr. HOLMES : The petition of E. W.
Benson, a soldier of the war of 1812, and 65
others, citizens of the twenty-eighth district
of New York, representing that the survivors
of the war of 1812 have never been granted
any pensions for services in such war; fur-
ther representing that such soldiers are of the
average age of seventy-five years; that many
are suffering from sickness and want; that all
are more or less disabled by age; that many
are the occupants of poor-houses, &c.; and
praying that pensions be granted to all such
soldiers and their widows. This, the petition
says, is not asked as a dole of charity, but as
an honorable reward for services rendered in
the defense of their country.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of citizens of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying Congress to provide for a professor-
ship for the theory and practice of homeopa-
thy in the medical department of the charter
of the national university.
By Mr. 1NGERSOLL: The petition of
Pinkney Brothers, of Peoria, in the State of
Illinois, and 11 others, manufacturers and deal-
ers in tobacco, setting forth that manufactured
tobacco, snuff, and cigars, having paid the
internal revenue tax as manufactured goods,
ought, including leaf tobacco, to be treated as
general merchandise, and not to be subject to
a tax on sales, and asking to be relieved from
this repetitious tax on sales.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of citizens of
Indiana, and two petitions of citizens of New
York city, (in all G-16 names.) against the fur-
ther absorption of the public lands of the
United States by railroad and other corpora-
tions.
Also, a petition of 150 citizens of Oregon
and Washington Territory, in relation to the ;
route of the Northern Pacific railroad. I
Also, a petition of the Reform League of i
Philadelphia, asking Congress to appoint a [
commission to investigate the actual condition j
of the colored people of the southern States. |
By Mr. KETCHAM: Resolutions of the 1
Homeopathic Societies of Dutchess and Co- ;
limibia counties, New York, in favor of the ■
establishment of a national university at Wash- !
ington, District, of Columbia, wherein home- ;
opathy as a system of medicine shall be rec- j
ognized. j
By Mr. MAYNARD: A petition of certain
envelope manufacturers, citizens of the United
States, praying Congress for relief.
By Mr. McCORMlCK. of Missouri: A peti-
tion of citizens of Missouri, asking for the j
establishment of a post route from Cane Creek j
to Van Buren, in the State of Missouri. j
By Mr. McKENZIE: The petition of Morris
Reim, for compensation as translator at the
Agricultural Department.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The memorial
of Messrs. Hovey, James & Co., of J. S.
Sprague, of J. P. Wehr, and 26 others, firms
and individuals of Marietta, Ohio, interested
in the sale or manufacture of tobacco, for the
repeal of the special tax and license of retail
dealers who sell cigars, snuff, and tobacco,
but who do not make it, their whole business.
By Mr. MORGAN : The memorial of E.
H. Hunt and a large number of others, citi-
zens of the State of Michigan, praying Con-
gress to enact a law to prevent the further
absorption of the public lands by railroad and
other corporations, and to have the residue of
said public domain forever sot apart for the
exclusive use of actual settlers.
Also, the memorial of W. C. Hoyt and
others, citizens of Michigan, to same effect.
By Mr. REEVES: A petition of'lo3 citizens
of New York, for the enactment of a law to
prevent further grants of public lauds to fail-
road or other corporations, and to reserve the
public domain for the exclusive use of actual
settlers, in limited quantities.
By Mr. ROGERS: A petition of sundry
citizens in regard to the Shreveport and Upper
Red River Navigation Company, for removal
of raft in Red river.
Bv Mr. STRADER: Thepetiiion ofEdward
D. Hilland. others, citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying the abolition of the special tax oil
retailers of tobacco.
By Mr. VAN HORN: The petition of Wil-
liam Ellis, of Jackson county, Missouri, for a
pension.
By Mr. WOODWARD: Two petitions of
citizens of the State of Pennsylvania, praying
for the enactment of a law to prevent the
further absorption of the public lands of the
United States by railroad or other corpora-
tions, and also praying that the residue of the
public domain be set apart for the exclusive
use of actual settlers.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 8, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. George P. Van Wyck, of
New York.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
committee ox disorders in tiie south.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint, resolution (S. R. No.
293) appropriating money to defray the ex-
penses of the select committee appointed to
investigate alleged outrages in the southern
States.
| Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment,
. Ihe \ICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
. will he reported.
; The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
I was in line four lo strike out the word "ten "
I and in lieu thereof to insert the word "twenty."
1 be VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the Senate concur in
[ the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
Ihe bill (II. It. No. 25G4) providing that
•accounts or claims which have been adjusted
by the proper oflicers of the Treasury shall
not be reopened except by law, and limiting
the time for the presentation of claims an<l
accounts, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee oil Finance.
The bill (II. R. No. 2992) for the relief of
the estate of Joseph Wheaton, deceased, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee ou Revolutionary Claims.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
petition of John Lorton and oihers, citizens
of New York, soldiers in the late rebellion,
praying sundry ammdnieiits to the homestead
laws tor their benefit.; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Brand and others, ciiizens of Iowa, soiilieis
of the late war, praying sundry amendments
to the homestead laws for their benefit; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of Dulut.li, Minne-
sota, praying an appropriation of money for
the improvement of that harbor; which was
refV-ned to the Committee on Commeue.
He also presented a petition signed by a
large number of citizens of Minnesota, indors-
ing the application of the Chamber of Com-
merce of Duluth, favoring an appropriation for
the improvement of Duluth harbor; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
Mr. SCBUliZ presented the petition of
