1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
forcing amnesty on a people who say they do
not ask it of the General Government. I am
opposed to thrusting upon men what they do
not ask for. I attended court in the county
of Abbeville, the birthplace of Calhoun, and
heard that distinguished South Carolinian, Col-
onel Burt, in an argument addressed to a jury,
say that he would suffer his right arm to be cut
from his shoulder rather than ask the United
States Government to relieve him from his
political disabilities. Such are the sentiments
that are expressed by the leading citizens of
South Carolina.
1 would be pleased to see the time come
when I could vote conscientiously for the re-
moval of the political disabilities of all men who
have erred by going into this rebellion to fight
against and destroy this country. I am willing
that they should come here and ask to have
their disabilities removed, and then it would
be time enough for us to take the matter into
consideration. If they come, under the existing
laws, under the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment of our Constitution, and ask to
have their disabilities removed, and if they
show a regret for the past and a willingness to
assume again their obligations to the country,
I for one am willing to remove their political
disabilities.
Bat so long, Mr. Speaker, sp long as such
men as Burt and Rhett, of South Carolina,
tell me that they despise the United States
Government and its flag, the stars and stripes
that float over it; that they despise the Con-
stitution of our common country; that they
despise the Congress of the United States, and
that they will suffer their right arms to be cut
off'rather than ask it for its clemency; so
long as they do that I am not willing to extend
to them the forgiveness of an outraged people;
and I raise my protest here in behalf of the
loyal people of the South against any such bill
as that which is here reported.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, resumed
the floor ; but yielded to
Mr. ALLISON, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. in.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petitions
oi A. \V. 0. Hicks, of Louisiana; J. H. McRae,
II. W. Baudy, and II. II. Thomas, of Jasper
county, Texas; and Samuel T. Carter, of
Fannin county, Texas, for removal of their
political disabilities.
By Mr. CLEVELAND : Apetition of manu-
facturers and dealers in envelopes, in Newark
and Jersey City, New Jersey, against the Gov-
ernment furnishing printed envelopes free to
cot'surners.
By Mr. COOK: A memorial of the justices
of thesupreme court of the District of Columbia
and of the district attorney of said District,
asking that the office of warden of the jail of
said District be abolished, and the control
of the jail be restored to the marshal of said
District.
By Mr. HAMILTON: A petition from
numerous citizens of Florida, praying relief
from a grievance imposed by the Florida Rail-
road Companv.
By Mr. KETCHAM; The petition of Har-
rison Bronsoti, a soldier of the war of 1812, for
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of John
Polly, of Nelson county, Kentucky, a soldier
of the war of 1812. for a pension.
By Mr. MAYNAUD: The petition of Wil-
liam Pugh Bond, of Tennessee, praying the
removal of political disabilities.
Also, the petitiouof Margaret A. Cox, widow
of Joseph Cox, private company C second
regiment Tennessee cavalry volunteers, pray-
ing that her pension may be allowed from the
death of her husband.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of F. C.
Clark, agent, praying the substitution of Wil-
son's electrical lighter for the one now in use
over the Hall of Representatives and in the
Rotttnda and Dome of the Capitol.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Joseph
Fiedler, of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the memorial of Mary A. Freely, of
Kilbourn City, Wisconsin, for a pension.
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition of H. C.
Jackson, praying for the payment of stores
taken for the use of the Army during the late
war.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of L. C. Dils
and others, for the establishment of a mail route
from Pikeville, Pike county, Kentucky, to
Martin county, Kentucky.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Harrison
L. Hall and others, of Arkansas, for relief
from disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the LTnited
States.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of S. Higgins& Co. and others, as to Govern-
ment furnishing envelopes, &c.
By Mr. STILES: The petition of John W.
Ochs and 24 others, dealers and firms, of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the manu-
facture and sale of envelopes by the Post Office
Department at prices defying competition of
regular dealers and manufacturing firms.
By Mr. SVVANN: A memorial asking an
appropriation to the American Printing House
and University for the Blind, from Mayor Banks,
Judge Bond, and other distinguished citizens of
Baltimore; also, Archbishop Spaulding, Rabbi
Zoll, Bishops Whittingham and Waymau ; the
clergymen and the Sabbath-school convention
of Maryland and the District of Columbia.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Sarah A.
Hickey, widow of Samuel Hickey, for arrears
of pension.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 21, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
execotivr communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of June 13, 1870, a copy of the
report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel B. Hola-
bird, of a reeonnoissance made by him in the
department of Dakota in 1869 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate the following
communication; which was read:
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United State.-, for the consideration
of the appropriate committee, the accompanying
report ot the chief of engineers upon the bill passed
by the House ot Representatives, on the JSth ot June
last, grantms thought of way thioug'n the public
lands at Madison barracks, Saekert's Harbor, New
York, to the Carihapce, Watcrtown, and tiackett's
Harbor Railroad Company. In view ot the threat-
ened injury to the public interests and convenience,
and in the absence of any particular necessity tor
the proposed grant, it is earnestly advised that the
bill be not passed by the Senate.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of If?'/'.
Wilt Department, December 20 1S70.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the impres-
sion of the Secretary, from a hasty examination
made by him since this communication came
in, that the bill to which it refers has passed
the Senate and become a law.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the paper?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A remonstrance
of tiie Secretary of War against the Senate
passing a bill which was passed by the House
of Representatives in June last, granting the
right of way through the barracks at Sackett's
Harbor, to a railroad company, with accom-
panying papers.
Mr. CONKLING. Does it refer to a bill
granting the right of way through a barracks?
I never heard of such a bill as that. Will
the Secretary look for a moment and see
what it is?
Mr. POMEROY. Do I understand that this
is a lemonstrance from the Secretary of War?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Against the pas-
sage by the Senate of a bill which was passed
by the House of Representatives on the 28th
of June, granting the right of way through the
public lands at Madison barracks, Sackett's
Harbor, New York, to the Carthage, Water-
town, and Sackett's Harbor Railroad Company;
remonstrating against it on account of threat-
ened injury to the public interest and conven-
ience ; but it appears by the Journal that this
bill has passed both branches of Congress. The
Secretary of War probably was not aware of
that fact.
The Secretary will now read the title of the
bill which was passed.
The Chief Clerk. The bill which was passed
at the last session is a bill (H. R. No. 2348)
granting the right of way to the Carthage,
Watertown, and Sackett's Harbor Railroad
Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tion will be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
recommital of a bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous consent
to reconsider the action on a bill which was
indefinitely postponed, on my motion, a few
days since, the bill (H. R. No. 1415) creating
a collection district in New Jersey, to be called
the district of Jersey City, and constituting
Jersey City a port of entry. My purpose is to
have it rereferred to the Committee on Com-
merce. I ask unanimous consent that that
order may be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the order will be made. The Chair
hears no objection. I-t is so ordered.
personal explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to make a personal statement ia
reference to allegations that I find in a morn-
ing newspaper. It is the first time. I believe,
since I have been in the Senate, that I have
ever made such a request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to make a statement. Is there objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. As the 
Mr. SUMNER. It will only lake a minute
so far as I am concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Secretary
to be good enough to read what is marked in
the newspaper which I have sent to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
''Efforts to bring about o Reconciliation between the
President and Mr, Sumner.—Within the last ton days
an attempt lias been made by mutual friends of the
President and Mr. Sumner to biiug about a recon-
ciliation, or, at least, <i uetter understanding, und,
after consultation, the President w:is approached on
this subject by a distinguished New England Senator.
"The President manuested a good deal of teelmg,
and utterly relused to be persuaded that tho differ-
ences could be reconciled, or even to give his consent
to any movement having in view a reconciliation.
The good of the party, &c\, was earne&tly urged, but
in vain.
"The President, in response to all suggestions of
'let us have peace,' replied emphatically that Mr.
SuiiXhR had attacked him in executive sessions of the
Senate; that he had spoken bitterly of hioi publicly
in streetcars and other public conveyances, and that
he had grossly abused him in Boston and duiiug his
recent journey "West.
. "The President added that on some of these occa-
sions Mr. Sumner hud attributed disfanieit 'motives
to hi/u, and, il'he were not President of the United
States, he should hold Mr. Sumner personally re-
sponsible for his language, and demand satisiaction
i ot him.
''Tins somewhat startling talk from the man whom
j the Uei'ubili.Y.us have almost worshiped as the eon-
i quel or of tho rebellion put the peace-makers to
