ioU
th!
GLOBE.
February 8,
Adblph L. Lowe, a Sailor in t&d j&t.e War,
praying to be allowed bounty; which was
referred to the Coniluittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON fiteserfted the petition 6f
Henry B. Edmundsofi of Memphis, Tennessee,'
praying the removal of his political disabil!-'
ties; which was referred to the Select Com-
mittee frn the tlfcradval of Political Disabilities.
Mr." WARNER presented the f*etlHtiftS of
E. A. Povcell and dame's White, cJf Tuscaldosa
county, Alabama, praying the reotttvSl ftf theif
political disabilities; which Cre' feferre'd to' the
select Committee on th& Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLTNG: I present the proceed-
ings of the' medlcSl societies of honieopathists
of the counties of Albany and Kings, ted also
the petitions of various homeopatliists of dif-
ferent counties of the State of New York,
touching the recognition of that school of
medicine iii the appointment of examining
surgeons. As the Committee on Pensions have
made a l-eport on this subject, I move that
these petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS presented a,petition of soldiers of
the State of Kansas who fought in the late war,
praying to be allowed one hundred and sixty
acres ofland each without regard to residence
thereon; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Lewist,ttn, Niagara oonnt.y, New York,
praying the passage of the bill to secure cheap
transportation of breadstnffs from the West to
the sea-board at uniform rates throughout the
year; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present the petition
of M. G. Emery, William T. Sherman, W. W.
Corcoran, Henry D. Cooke, J. W. Thompson,
Alexander R. Shepherd, and twenty-two hun-
dred other tax-payers of the city of Washing-
ton, asking for the passage of the bill to pro-
vide a government for the District of Columbia
as recommended by the conference committee
on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be laid 011 the table, as that bill is now in the
hands of the conference committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I presentthe petition of the
Reform League of Philadelphia, duly signed
by their president and secretary, in which they
ask that the colored people of the southern
States rtiay receive protection through the
action of Congress. They say that there is
ample proof that they urgently need protection
from the wrongs and outrages of which they
are the helpless victims. I move the reference
of this petition, which comes from a most
respectable source, being the Old Guard of
Abolitionists of Philadelphia, to the select
committee 011 alleged outrages in the southern
States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 also present a petition,
numerously signed by citizens of the United
States, asking the appointment of a land com-
mission, to be composed of well-known, dis-
interested friends of the free negroes, with
authority to appoint a limited number of agents
whose duty it shall be to cooperate with indi-
vidual aud associations for the selection and
purchase of eligible lands for homesteads, and
to hold titles lor a given period, until by in-
stallments they shall be paid for at actual cost
by the Government. I move its reference to
the Committee On Public Lands.
The motion .was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have received, and sup-
pose it to be my duty to present to the Senate,
a. joint resolution of the Legislative Assembly
ot Oregon, which I a'sk to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the State of Oregon was, on the 1-Uh
day of Febru.rry, A. 1). 1859, admitted into the fed-
eral Union, vested with the right to declare what
persons should beentitled to vote within her bound-
aries, and until she, by her voluntary act, surrenders
that right the Congress of the United States has no-
authority to interfere with the conditions of suffrage
within the boundaries of the State of Oregon; and
wliereastbeConeressof the United States, by means
of an arbitrary ifiajority of votes, acquired by tho
power of the bayonet, has sought to force upon tho
several States the so-called fifteenth amendment to
the federal Constitution, in direct violation of the
terms un'der which the State of Oregon was admitted
info the sisterhood of States: Therefore,
Beit r 'esolv&l by th%8enate, (theHouse concurring.)
That the so-called fifteenth amendment is an in-
fringement upon the popular rights, and a direct
falsification of the pledge's made to the State of Ore-
gon by, the Federal Government. -
Besolved, That the said tit tee nth amendment be,
and thS satfie is hereby, rejected.
Kesolvedj That the Governor beroqufested to trans-
mit conies of. this resolution to the Secretary of State
of the United States. And to the Senators and Repre-
sentatives froth the State of Oregon in the Congress
of the United States.
Adopted by the senate October 26.1870. ,
JAMBS D. FAY,
President of the Senate.
Concurred in by the house October 26.1870.
B. HAYDBJT,
Speaker of the House.
State of OrSgon, Secretary's Office^
Salem, December 5, 1870,
I, S. 1?. Chadwick, secretary of the State of Ore-
gon, do hereby certify thatthe foregoing is a correct
copy of senate joint resolution No. 30, oil file iri this
office, and which Senate joint resolution No. 30
passed the Legislative Assembly of Oregon at its
sixth regular session.
In witness whereof I have hereto set my hafid sfnd
r a,-, affixed the seal of the State of Oregon the
L day and year above written.
S. F. CHADWrCK,
Secretary of the State Of Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will remark, in reference
to that resolution, that it is one" index of many
that are appearing in various parts of the
country of the position to be taken and the
issue to be made by the Democratic party in
the next presidential election. Logically, it
follows frortj the position taken in that resolu-
tion, th&t all the amendments to the Constitu-
tion and all the reconstruction measures of
Congress have been forced upon the people by
the bayonet, and are therefore to be rejected
or disregarded. Whether the people of this
country will uphold what Congfess has done
for the reconstruction and restoration of the
insurrectionary States, and seek unity and
peace in that way, or whether they will over-
throw them, and go back through bitter con-
troversy, and perhaps bloodshed, to that con-
dition of disorder and anarchy which existed
at the end of the rebellion, is to be, in my
judgment, the great absorbing question in the
next presidential canvass. -
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to give my friend
from Oregon a piece of information thatprob-
ably he does not possess, and that is, that it is
the intention of the Democratic party to hold
a national convention at some time between
now and the next presidential election; that,
looking at past experience, it is altogether
probable that that convention will lay down
a platform in words that are plain, and it is
also probable that our -brethren in Oregon
will stand on that platform when it shall be
adopted. X therefore, for his peace of mind,
most kindly and respectfully advise htm to
wait until tbat platform be formed, and then
he will know where we stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What action does
the Senator from Oregon propose in regard to
these joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Oregon?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that they be
printed, and laid on the table.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I was trying to obtain
the floor to move that these resolutions be
referred to the select committee appointed to
inquire into matters in the South.
TheVlCE PliESIDEN f. The Senator from
Oregon has moved that they lie on the table,
which is not a debatable motion.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I was trying to get the
floor to make the motion which I have indi-
cated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no choice as to
the course they shall take; and if that will
accommodate any gentleman I will withdraw
my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Oregon is withdrawn.
Mr. FLANAGAN. My object was that the
nation should be informed of everything that
is transpiring. There has recently been a com-
mittee appointed to investigate outrages in the
South, and I wish to bring the North and the
South together and keep them together intact.
It seems to me that this shows very clearly that
there are persons iti the North as well as in
the South who are not so readily indorsing
and adhering to the laws of the Union, and I
should like the committee to make a general
investigation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas moves the reference of the resolutions
to the select committee on alleged outrages
in the South.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know but that
the Senator from Texas has struck a vein that
it would be very well to follow up. If we are
really to consider outrages, without character-
izing these resolutions at all or applying any
stich term tothem, expressing no opinion what-
ever upon them, I think an investigation of
outrages at the North would give us something
to blush for. If the southern people may have
to blush for their outrages, the same may be
true of the North to some extent. Still, I sug-
gest to him that these resolutions are not ger-
mane to any matter referred to that committee,
and unless we are to go at large into the con-
dition of the North as well as the South—and
I shall make no objection to that—these reso-
lutions had better take the usual course—be
laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN. 1 merely made the sug-
gestion to let the matter go abroad that it may
be seen that thereare two sides to the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas withdraw his motion?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. BLAIR presented resolutions of the St.
Louis Board of Trade, urging such legislation
as will secure the speedy construction of a
national Pacific railroad on a central route ;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
He also presented a memorial of Horace
E. Dimick, of St. Louis, on the subject of
rifled ordnance and projectiles, and offering
as the result of many experiments suggestions
in the matter; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. WILLEY. Some time since I was
instructed by the Committee 011 Claims to
make a report on the petition of William J.
Phillips, praying compensation for services as
assessor of internal revenue for the second dis
trict of Texas, and I did make a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief. At the time the
report was made it was the impression of tho
committee that there was a general law cov-
ering the case. Since that time I have dis-
covered that such is the fact. The party now
desires leave to withdraw the papeis accom-
panying that bill, and I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed and the party allowed
to withdraw his papers.
The motion was agreed to; and leave was
given to William J. Phillips to withdraw his
petition and papers ; and the bill (S. No. 127-1)
for the relief of William J. Phillips was post-
poned indefinitely.
REPORTS OP COMMITTUKS.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1090) to create the southern judicial district
of California, reported it with amendments.
Mr. COLE. I think there can be no objec-
tion to that bill; and I ask that it be put ou ita
passage now.
