1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
The bill, a.% mended, was ordered to a third
reading, and * as accordingly read the third
time, and passed. .
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. 1
BRIG A. L. PALMER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report from Ihe Committee on Commerce a
bill to authorize an American register to the
brig A. L. Palmer.
Mr. BLAIR. i object.
HARRIET E. PAKKElt.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented from the Committee on Commerce a
report upon the claim of Harriet 15. Parker;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
ltEDICK m'kEE.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Kedick McKee, iate
disbursing agent of the Indian department in
California, praying certain allowances ; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims, «.nd
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to make a report from the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the regular order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
SON, cue of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a
House hill of the following title:
An act (II. it. No. 2034) to amend an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
eutorce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes."
The messiige also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. loOl) in relation to the bridge
across the Mississippi rrfer at Clinton, Iowa.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of a
private nature.
Mr. BUltClIARD moved to reconsider all
the references, recommittals, and other mo-
tions Uiis morning; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUNDRY civil APPROPRIATION bilt..
Mr. DAWES. Before calling up the sun-
dry civil expense appropriation bill I wish to
have the attention of the House for a moment.
Yesterday we got nearly half way through with
the bill, and 1 believe the House determined
that wo should linish it, to-day. I suggest that,
at halt past three o'clock we take a recess for
half an hour, and then sit, it, out. Gentlemen
will get tired if they undertake to sit it out
without any intermission. 1 make the sugges-
tion to see how it meets the approval of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The majority of the House
can take a recess at half past three o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. We can better determine the
matter new.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts cau pass his bill without a recess at all.
Mr. DAWES. If the House will sit it out
I am satisfied. 1 am itfraid, however, they
will not, unless we have some intermission.
Mr. WOOD. Try it.
1 he SPEAKER. The House proceeds to
the consideration of House bill No. 8064,
making appiopnations ior sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The Oleik read the following:
^ repair of the bridge at or noar the Little Falls.
5wv,vvv 
Mr. McKENZIE. I move to strike out that
paragraph and in lieu thereof insert the fol-
lowing :
To replace the present old bridge known as tlie
"Chain bridge " over the Potomac with a structure
of iron, $150,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
Mr. Speaker, it is known to the House that
there was a tremendous freshet in the Shenan-
doah and Potomac rivers, whereby bridges and
houses were washed away, and many lives
lost. This bridge was washed entirely away,
and I propose by my amendment to appro-
priate enough to make a permanent iron
bridge. I ask the Clerk to read a letter from
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office Public Buildinus, Grounds, and Works,
Washington, I>. 0., January 7, 1S71.
Sin: In compliance with your request. X have the
honor to inform yon that the bridge at or near the
Little Fill Is of the Potomac has been rendered alto-
gether impassable, two epans having been carried
away by the freshet in October last. Several of the
remaining ones arc also in a very dilapidated con-
dition. An entire new bridge should bo constructed.
I beg to call your attention to the following extract
from my report on the Little Falls or Chain bridge
ior the year 1870:
"During the lato freshet the water rose so rapidly
and violently as to force the guys from their fasten-
ings, and in consequence two scans iell and were
washed away. It seems useless to attempt to patch
up thedecayed timbers of thisrouch-used structuro.
The piers arc in excellent condition, and should be
made to support a handsome iron bridge."
As already quoted in the foregoing extract, the
piers and abutments of this bridge are very sub-
stantial and in excellent condition, needing no re-
pairs; the cost of building piers is. therefore, not
included. The bridge is thirteen hundred find fifty
feet in length, the spans troin center to center of
piers averaging one hundred nnd sixty-eight feet.
Estimates wero submitted in January, 186;), for an
iron bridge across the Eastern branch, at or near the
navy-yard; this structure is within a few leet of
the same longth with that at, the Little Fails. Pro-
posals for its construction wero invited irom the
most prominent budge-builders in the country, and
varied Irom two hundred and twenty-five thousand
t<> ono hundred and twenty-three thousand dollars.
This great difference in the cost dependedof course
upon whether tho structure should be wholly or in
pnrt of iron. I would recommend that an appro-
priationof $150,000 be made for building the Little
rails biidge. The work is a most important one,
and its con.struction will bo ot grout advantage to
both the cities of Washington nnd Georgetown.
Very respectful.y, your obedient servant.
N. M1CHLER,
Major of EiHiLiicein, U.ci.A.
Hon. Lewis McKenzie, United Mates House of Rep-
resentatives, Xyashington thty, 1). ('.
Mr. RANDALL. If that amendment is to
be adopted it, should be provided that this work
should be let out by contract to the lowest
bidder.
Mr. McKENZIE. I bave not the slightest
objection to that.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman, then,
to modify his amendment so as to provide
that the building of the bridge shall be let to
the lowest bidder upon plans and estimates
prepared by the United States engineers.
Mr. McKENZIE. I agree to that modifica-
tion, and 1 hope it will be Ihe pleasure of the
House to adopt the amendment. This appro-
priation of $30,000 was put in by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations long before this
freshet occurred winch washed away the old
Chain bridge. There ought to be a permanent
iron bridge there. I hope it will be the pleas-
ure of the House to make the appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the House will fully
understand this proposition before they vote
on it. After the freshet and the damage that
was done to this bridge the proper officers
estimated for this repair the sum of §30,000,
and the Committee on Appropriations bave
inserted that amount, in this bill. The industry
and zeal of my kind and distinguished friend
from Virginia [.Mr. McKe.vzieJ have been
applied to G'eneial Miehler so incessantly that
he has drawn out of him after he made his
responsible estimate the statement which he
has had read at the desk, that instead of re-
pairing this bridge, he thinks it would be a
great deal better to build a beautiful—that is
the expression—a beautiful iron bridge at the
expense of $150,000. That is the proposi-
tion which the gentleman from Virginia pro-
poses that the House should adopt instead of
the recommendation of the committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have not the strength
to resist every one of these propositions to
the full length of the five minutes 1 am entitled
to. I shall have discharged my duty when I
make the House understand the proposition.
If the House are disposed to take what the
zeal of the member having the interest of his
district at heart shall get out of an officer
after he has made his responsible estimates
here, and put upon this Government an addi-
tional expenditure of 5120,000, the responsi-
bility will rest upon the House.
The question being taken on Mr. McKex-
zie's amendment, it was rejected.
The Clerk read the following section :
For repair of Pennsylvaniaavenuo from Fifteenth
street to Rock creek, and sprinkling and keeping it
clean, and for new flag footway on same, &10,0j0.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to strike
out the paragraph just read. It is proposed
to vote $10,000 for repairing Pennsylvania
avenue in the city of Washington, and for
sprinkling it and keeping it clean. A little
further on we find another appropriation, or
proposed appropriation, of $2-3,000 lor repair-
ing half a dozen avenues therein named. And
at line four hundred and ninety nine we find
rather a curious appropriation of $100,000 for
cleaning out sewer-traps in one of the streets
of the city.
Mr. VAN HORN. We might as well appro-
priate money for washing door-steps.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Certainly. Now
these amounts are not much by themselves,
but they run into every one of the appropria-
tion bilis which come into the House, and the
aggregate amount is very large. I do not
see the propriety of taxing the people of the
United States for the most ordinary municipal
expenses of the city of Washington. It is
not only a butlesque upon legislation that the
Representatives of the people of the United
Stales assembled here should legislate for
sucli purposes, but it is an injustice to the tax-
payers that the money which they puy for Fed
eral and national purposes should be diverted
for those expenses which every respectable
city, town, or village throughout the length
and breadth of this country pays for by taxing
its own citizens.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Has the gentleman
looked at the figures which 1 have had inserted
in the Globe as part, of my remarks yesterday?
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. 1 have not had
time to look at them.
Mr. LAWRENCE. They show that the peo-
ple of Washington are taxed for local purposes
less than one half of one per cent. We are
called upon to tax our constituents, who pay
two per cent, of taxes for their own local pur-
poses, for the benefit of the people here who
do not pay one half of one per cent.
Mr. FiNKELNBUHG. Yes; while they
are paying less taxes than any other large
city of the United States they have the assur-
ance to come here and ask us to appropriate
money to sprinkle their streets and clean out
their sewers.
Mr. DAWES. Pennsylvania avenue belongs
to the Government 
Mr, FINKELNBUHG. If the gentleman
will allow me to interrupt him, I would say that
that statement has been made here repeatedly.
But the other day, when we were asked to give
away a portion of the avenue, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Welicer] stated that that was
a myth, and that the avenues were not under
the control of the Government at all.
Mr. DAWES. I was about to remark that
Pennsylvania avenue belongs to the Govern-
ment by adoption, and that it has been taken
care of by the Government since the city was
founded. It was made, I think, one hundred
and eighty feet wide, because it was the avenue
leadiDg fiom the Capitol to the Presidential
