1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1657
Mansion in the capital of the United States,
being of dimensions which no city in the world
for any use of its own would ever have adopted.
The Government has considered itself bound,
because of these circumstances, to take partic-
ular care of Pennsylvania avenue ; and for sim-
ilar reasons it has taken care of the other
avenues in this city, in contradistinction to
the streets of the city. I hope there will be
no innovation at this time by refusing appro-
priations for the necessary and proper repairs
and improvements of the city.
The question was put on Mr. Pixkblniiuug's
motion to strike out the section 5 and there
were—ayes 42, noes 41; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, undert.be rule, ordered tell-
ers; and Mr. Finkelnborg aud Mr. Jexckes
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 66, noes 02.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I desire leave of the House
to go back to the paragraph in relation to the
Little Falls bridge. I have just been furnished
with a statement i'rom the superintendent that
it lias been found that additional repairs will
be necessary since the first estimate was made.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out lines
four hundred and eighty-nine and four hundred
and ninety, "for repair of the bridgeat or near
the Little Falls, $30,000,'4 and to insert in lieu
thereof "to rebuild of' wood the bridge at or
near the Little Falls, 860,000."
Mr. RANDALL. lofl'erthefoilowingamend-
ment to the amendment:
The same to be constructed under the direction of
the Engineer Bureau of the Y/.ir Department, the
material iurmshert and the woilion said bridge to
he let to the lowest bidder after due advertisement
in at least three newspapers, upon plans and esti-
mates to be prepared by the said engineer depart-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. And add, the cost thereof not
to exceed $60,000.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. I will accept the amendment
as modified.
Mr. Dawes's amendment, as modified, was
then agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
For en re and improvement of reservations on New
York, Massachusetts, Vermont, and Maryland ave-
nues, $jL>,OjO.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. As we
have stricken out the appropriation for repairs
of Pennsylvania avenue, we should strike out
this appropriation for other streets. 1 move
to strike out. the paragraph.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that paragraph
will not be stricken out. This appropriation
is for the care o( the reservations, which are a
beautiful and attractive feature in the city, and
which ought to be kept in a state of at least
decent and comely trim. 1 will take this
occasion to say to gentlemen that this eity was
adopted and laid out as the seat of Govern-
ment upon a plan which was deemed worthy
of the Government of which it was the capital.
The streets are wider than are the streets in
any other city in the^ Union. They are laid
out upon a plan which was supposed to be
commensurate with the future wants of the
country when the population of the city will
he far greater than it is now.
If the idea which is held out here by the
gentlemen from Illinois and St. Louis, who
110 doubt would be ghid to see the Capitol
traveling across the Alleghany mountains to
their own neighborhood, prevails, that the
people here are to take care of the streets, what
will they do? As a matter of ordinary pru-
dence the first thing would be to narrow the
streets, to cut them down fully two thirds of
their present width, and put up the land so
saved in market, and let the streets be reduced
to the same width that t.hey are in the citics
of Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and
Boston. The people who live here have no
means, no commerce, or trade, no manufac-
tures to build up a city, and nothing except
the wants of the capital as such, and if they
were to be taxed to keep these enormous
streets and avenues in such repair as every
friend of the country, every man who is proud
of the American name and honor would desire
to see them ; why it would drive 'every man
away from your Capitol unless you would with
the other hand allow him to take out of your
Treasury, by some indirect way, twodollars for
every dollar you make him pay in taxes. Sir,
we are legislating for the capital of the nation.
These men who live here, the boarding-
house keepers and the hotel keepers, have no
more interest in this city than you or I, or our.
constituents. It is a city of the nation. It is
a city where every American citizen, some
time or other in his life, will come ; and when
he comes delights to see it in a guise and in
an apparel which is worthy of the nation
and of its capital. The arguments we have
had here year after year, for the last fifteen
years to my certain knowledge, and always
repeated without a single new idea, whenever
this appropriation bill comes up, leave out of
view the peculiar character of this city, and
the peculiar relation it occupies to the whole
country. Gentlemen seem to suppose that
they are legislating for some town along some
of our rivers or along our sea-board that is of
use and interest only to the people of that
locality. This, and this aloue, is the national
city of the Union.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. To meet
the suggestion of gentlemen around me I with-
draw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For cloaning out sower-traps along Pennsylvania
avenue, §1,000.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. I move to strike
out that paragraph.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
33, noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Finkelkborg
and Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forty-two, noes
not counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improving Massachusetts, Connecticut, New
York, Maine, Delaware, and New Jorsey avenues,
$25,000.
Mr.PINKELNBURG. I move to strike
out this paragraph.
The question was taken on, the motion to
strike out; and it was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For annual repairs of fences around reservations,
$2,000.
Mr. BIRD. I move to strike out this clause.
It seems to me that the large sums already
appropriated and hereafter to be appropriated
should include the provision contemplated in
this clause. In a previous portion of this bill
I find the following:
For care and improvement of reservations on New
York, Massachusetts, Vermont, and Maryland ave-
nues, <plD,000.
It is proposed by the pending paragraph to
appropriate $2,000 for annual repairs offences
around reservations. I think that is needless,
considering the large amount contained in the
paragraph we have passed.
The question was taken on the motion to
strike out, and it was not agreed to—ayes
twenty-two, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For care and improvement of jmblic reservation
No. 2, and La Fayette square, $15,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend theclause
just read bv striking out " $15,000 " and in-
serting •' $1,000." La Fayette square, as gen-
tlemen are aware, is the square opposite the
President's House, the square in which the
bronze statue of Jackson is erected. It is a
square substantially fenced by an iron fence
built many years ago. It is not a flower gar-
den, but a plot of ground fairly embellished
with evergreen and other trees that are of
course permanent. All that is needed for this
square is a watchman to prevent depredations
and injuries and a man to crop the fertile
grass that grows there. I submit that the sum
of $1,000 is an ample appropriation for that
purpose ; indeed I think that $500 would be
enough; at all events $1,000 is amply suffi-
cient.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] to the fact that this plot of ground is
already elegantly and permanently improved.
Yet, without any specific estimates for further
expenditures in the. way of improvement, it is
proposed here to appropriate $15,000 for the
care of this square; and other squares in the
city are to he put upon the same footing.
Now, if the gentleman will show some specific
estimates of how these repairs are to be made
of course I will yield. 1 am willing to keep
these beautiful squares and parks in good con-
dition. But I insist that, in the absence of
specific estimates, this appropriation is entirely
unwarranted. There is contained in this bill
more than half a million dollars for the embel-
lishment and improvement of this city, a mat-
ter of purely local character, such as the ex-
pense for which is incurred by the tax-payers
of every other city of this country.
I must say further that this very extravagant
appropriation, this taxing the whole people of
the country for the benefit of the wealthy pop-
ulation of Washington city, is creating an un-
answerable argument in favor of a change of
location of the seat of Government. In this
bill alone there are half a million arguments
in favor of that change.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I want to call the atten-
tion of thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] to a paragraph further along in the bill,
as follows:
Forpaintingiron fencesaround Li. Fayette square,
in front ot' the War and Navy Departments^ anu Gov-
ernment fenco around Judiciary square, $5,000.
That is in addition to the extravagant sum
in the clause which he has moved to strike
out. The two clauses together propose to ap-
propriate $20,000; the most unreasonable
proposition, I think, in this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. At least $17,500 of which
is for this particular square, which is a small
plot of ground, not larger than an ordinary lot
in a city ; a lot already improved to the fullest
extent, with an elegant iron Jence all around
it; with trees and shrubbery permanently
there. There is nothing to be done in that
square except to crop the grass upon the lot
during the summer season; and to make an
appropriation of $17,000 for that purpose is
altogether too much. I know that in reference
to a bill appropriating more than thirty three
million dollars it is almost humiliating to raise
a point of order upon a little item tike this.
But this unexampled bill is made up of these
little items. I say ''unexampled" because iu
the whole history of this country no bill of
this kind has ever before proposed to appro-
priate such a vast sum of money.
Mr. DAWES. Fifteen thousand dollars is
the estimate of General Michier. The com-
mittee are unable to give the details. I feel
the force of the remarks of the gentleman from
Indiana, but I would suggest to him that this
item embraces more than he is probably aware
of. It embraces, in the first place, the large
square in which the Smithsonian Institution
stands, and La Fayette square is a separate
square. I think myself that the sum is too
large. I was very anxious to get the details,
but they were not furnished to us. If the gen-
tleman will move to make the amount $7,500
I will assent to his amendment.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. The gentleman will allow
me to suggest that this item does not include
the painting of the iron fences around La
Fayette square and Judiciary square. There is
a separate appropriation of $5,000 for that in
