1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion tCMfs present, consideration ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say that I
shall oppose all these bills ereating additional
judicial districts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So stall I.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They will lead, of
course, to discussion in the Senate; and I
hope no attempt will be made to pass any
of them in the morning hour.
Mr. COLE. I will not insist on the request
under the circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These bills are reported
from the Judiciary Committee, but not with my
approbation. I think it will break down the
whole judicial system of the United States if
we establish United States courts in half the
counties of the United States. When Ihey
come up 1 hope to have the attention of the
Senate to them. This is but one of a series,
I will state. Bills are pending for the crea-
tion, I suppose, of a dozen new districts, and
I hope none of them will be permitted to pass
without a very thorough understanding of
them in the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to add. This
is a proposition to reestablish a district which
was discontinued immediately on the death of
the then judge of the district. The bill is to
divide the Stateof California into two districts
again; and if anyone will lookat the geograph-
ical form of the State, and notice the very
great distance that the people of tbe southern
part of the State are from the present district
court, and, further, the inconveniences that
attend travel from the southern part of the
State to Sati Francisco, there being no rail-
roads and no regular line of steamboats, trav-
eling having to be made by stage and by pri-
vate conveyance, 1 think he will see that these
facts overcome the objection which even the
Senator from Illinois has, so far as this case
is concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill is not subject to debate. It will
be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 440) to divide California into two judicial
districts, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from tlie same committee, to whom
were referred several petitions in regard to the
same subject, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. TIIURMAN. from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2920) to divide the State of Ohio
into three judicial districts, and for other pur-
poses, reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 355) allowing
parties in certain cases to testify, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I am also instructed by
the same eotnmittee to report back the bill (S.
No. 1197} to allow criminals to testify in their
own behalf in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes, with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, the subject
of it being embraced in the bill which has just
been reported favorably.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
AFtAlliS IX MOUTH CA110UNA.
Mr. POOL. Is it in order, Mr. President,
to present a petition at this time?
The VICE PRESi DENT, Reports of com-
mittees are now in order; but the Chair will
receive a petition, if the Senator has one to
present.
Mr. POOL. I present a memorial, signed
by about fifteen hundred citizens Of the third
congressional district of North Carolina, ask-
ing that the political disabilities of Zebulon
B. Vance, Senator-elect, and of the member-
elect of the other House from that district,
be not removed; and getting forth the con-
dition of things in that State, and the reasons
for it; and praying Congress for action in
behalf of the execution of the laws in North
Carolina. I should be glad, as this memorial
is very short, to have it read to the Senate.
1 he VICE-PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina presents a memorial, which he
desires to have read. If there be no objec-
tion it will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that a lengthy memo-
rial, I beg to inquire?
Mr. POOL. No, sir; it is very short.
Mr. THUMBULL. 1 believe tbe Senator
stated the contents of the memorial, which is
within the rule; hut. the rule does not allow
petitions and memorials to be read. I have
no objection, however, to its being read if it
will take no time.
Mr. POOL. It will not take any time; it
is very short.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objection
be made the memorial will be read. •
The memorial was read as follows;
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States :
Your memorialists, being qualified electors in the
third congressional district of North Carolina, and
devoted to the Union of the States and to the policy
which has brought about the reconstruction of those
lately in rebellion, respecuully represent, that owing
to certain local causes operating on the election held
in the month of August last, certain persons ineli-
gible under the Constitution and taws have been
elected to the Congress of the United States, and
that anion? others Hon. Zebulon 13. Vance and A.
M. Waddell, esq., have been chosen, the former to
the Senate, and tbe latter to the House of Repre-
sentatives of the nation.
It is understood that these persons will apply to
your honorable bodies for such legislation as will
enable them to fill the offices to which they have
been unlawfully chosen. In behalf of the Union
men of the third congressional district of Korth
Carolina, and, as we firmly believe, in the interest
ot tbe Government itself, we must respectiully pro-
test againot such congressional action. Ve declare
that in our deliberate judgments those men are not
the choice of the tree people ot North Carolina, but
that their election has been brought about by sys-
tematic violence and bloodshed, for which they them-
selves are responsible, and by which they seek to
profit. But even if this were not so, we respectfully
represent that, in view of the present condition of
the State, further measures toward a reconciliation
of the reactionary element of these States will be
impolitic. The mild and conciliatory policywhich
ha& been pursued has failed. The Union men of this
State are now threatened with oppression and per-
secution, such as sinks into obscurity that to which
they were subjected in the worst days of the rebel-
lion.
In certain localities in this State within the last
twelve months boine of them have been foully mur-
dered, while many have been assaulted, whipped,
scourged, and otherwise outraged. At tnis tune, in a
very large part of the State, with the ruling class
loyalty is but a badge of infamy and disgrace; in
many sections at this time no loyal man enjoys secur-
ity, either in persou or property, except it may be
that security which is purchased by absolute submis-
sion to tbe enemies of the Ixovernuaeut. Out of
all the outrages which have been committed upon
Unionists, no instance has occurred in which the
civil authoiities of the State have been-able to pun-
ish the offenders, and in uianv localities Uuion men
are practically denied their civil as well as political
rights. All this is matter of fact, which may be estab-
lished by the most satisfactory proof, by the testi-
mony ol credible witnesses, by the records of courts,
and by the authentic public history of the State.
Your memorialists therefore most humbly pray that
the Congress of the nation, the authority to which
wo now look as a last resort, will cause the mattois
and things herein set forth to be inquired of; and
if it shall be made to appear that the condition ot
the State is such as we lepreseut it to be, that such
legislative action may be taken as may be deemed
demanded by the public interest. And especially
do we pray that no affirmative action may be
taken whereby our burdens may be increased and
the oppression attempted to bo practised upon us
legalized.
And your memorialists will ever pray, See.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what com-
mittee shall this memorial be referred? To
the Committee on Disabilities?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TliUBMAN. I have a word to say on
this memorial. I see, just as I expected with-
out having looked at it—arid I wish to call at-
tention to the fact—that here is signature after
signature, and a great many of them ail in the
same handwriting, all evidently written by the
same person. There ia a page of them, [ex-
hibiting the memorial;] here, again, is half a
page ; here, again, is a quarter of a page in the
same handwriting; and so on I dare say it
will be found to the end of the chapter. I
make these remarks now ; and 1 hope the com-
mittee to whom this paper is referred will see
whether this is a petition such as ought to be
received here.
Mr. POOL. I know nothing, sir, of the
getung up of this petition ; but 1 do know the
character of the parties who sent it to lue for
presentation to the Senate, and they are gentle-
men of high character, and totally incapable of
being parties to any such proceeding as would
seem to be indicated by the Senator from Ohio.
I doubt not that many of those men whose
names are appended to the petition are colored
men, and there are doubtless many white men
whose names are signed to it. It is known,
perhaps, to every Senator present that prior
to the war it was contrary to the criminal laws
of North Carolina for a colored man t,o be
taught to read or write. The result is that
there is not one in a thousand, and perhaps I
might say one in ten thousand, of the colored
men of North Carolina who can either read
or write, if their names are attached to a
petition they must go in the handwriting of
somebody else, and if the party is standing by
and authorizes his name to be put down it is
just as valid as if he had done it with his own
hand. 1 f no petitions could be presented here
except those which were signed by the parties
themselves, it would result that the colored
people of North Carolina, and 1 regret to say
a large number of the white people of that
State, as well as of the other southern Stales,
who are not able to read and write, would be
entirely excluded from presenting their views
in the shape of petitions and memorials to
Congress.
1 do not believe that there was any unfair-
ness, that there was any fraud, that there was
anything wrong connected with the getting up
of this petition, as would appear to be the sug-
gestion of the Senator. It may be so, but I
think not, and I base tny opinion upou the
character of the parties who sent it to me and
who have writteu me in regard to it. I should
be glad if the Committee on Disabilities would
take the matter into consideration, aud see
whether there be any foundation for such a
suspicion or not.
Mr. THUIiMAN. It is not a question
whether a man who cannot write shall be
allowed to petition Congress, but it is a ques-
tion whether or not Congress has before it
evidence that this is a veritable and true peti-
tion of the parties whose names are subscribed
to it; and the most common prudence would
require that where whole pages of a petition
are in the same handwriting, there should be
some evidence on the petition itself that, the
names, evidently not written by the different
persons themselves, were written at their re-
quest by some person authorized to do it.
't here are whole pages in the same handwrit-
ing. What evidence has the Senate that this
petition, said to he by fifteen hundred people,
is their petition at all / I do not know whether
we have any rule on that subject. In the
British Parliament there is a rule which re-
quires veriiieatioti, and even where people can
write, requires some evidence that the persons
are those whom they represent themselves to
be, or whom their signatures represent them
to be.
However, if we are to have sucli petitions
as this—and I am told this is not a single
case—it is time for us to adopt some rule
that shall secure us against impositions. I
do not say there is any imposition in this case ;
1 know nothing at all about it. I simply call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that that
which purports to be the petition of fifteen
hundred persons, on its face is the petition
of very many less than fifteen bundled per-
sons, for the signatures are in the same hand-
writing to a very great extent.
Mr. POOL. Would it be in order to amend
the motion, if it be a motion, to reler to the
