1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
The YICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
considered as indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, *.o whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1351) prescribing the form of the enacting and
resolving clauses of acts and resolutions of
Congress and rules for the construction thereof,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill (S. No. 715) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to protect all
persona in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish the means of their vindica-
tion," passed April 9, 1860, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 711) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act regulating the
rights of property of married women in the
District of Columbia," passed April 10, 1809,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. SBEN CER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1020) for the relief of Mrs. Catherine Barry,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs ; which was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Aifairs to report back Senate
joint resolution No. 266, amending the law
of the last session inrelation to the disposal
of the Osage Indian reservation; and I am
also authorized by the committee to ask for its
present consideration, inasmuch as it is a
matter of very great moment to a large num-
ber of people in that region, and the early
action of Congress is very important to be
had.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be read by its title, after which the
Chair will ask for objection.
The Chief Clerk. It is a joint resolution
(S. It. No. 206) amendatory of the twelfth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 80, 1871, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870,
and to extend Lise time for the disposal of the
lands ceded under the first and second articles
of the treaty of September '29, 1865, with the
ftreat and Little Osage Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that ought to go
over, as I presume there will be objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be printed,
certainly.
Mr. ROMERO Y. I will state that this reso-
lution merely extends the town-site law, which
operates upon all the public lands, to this res-
ervation that we bought of the Indians, and
also makes the settlers take the quarter section
upon which they reside rather than others.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not know anything
about the bill, and do not wish to object to it;
but 1 want the attention of the Senate before
the c'iose of the morning hour to another bill
that ought to be acted on before the recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then this had better go
over.
Mr. POMI5ROY. Then I give notice that I
will call it up to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar.
COMPILATION OF rOHEIGX TREATIES.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing :
JlcjolrcJ, Tim t tho Secretary of Stato bo l eqnested
to picp.iro ami transmit to the Senate eopks of oil
: he iiml eon\ entions (except postal conven-
tion; ) eutciul into by tfic Hotted States the latiti-
eaticn whereof ha< been exchanged, with notes
iiiilie.nin:; Mich tree-tie- or conventions or such pint*
o! i;e,:tic*oi eoi.ve.it'oi!-- have been changed ol-
id n
in addition to
be usual num-
ber of copies, there shall be printed of such treaties
and conventions, when so transmitted, two thousand
copies for distribution from the Department of State.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on
Printing, subsequently reported the resolution
without amendment, and asked for its imme-
diate consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the resolution
ought to go to the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws.
Mr.PATTERSON. Theresolutionreported
by the Senator from Louisiana is one which I
offered this morning from the Committee on
Foreign Relations. The Secretary of State
informs us that the Department has found that
there are several treaties and conventions now
in force which have never beeti published in
any form, and great changes have been made
in others which have been published ; so that
it is with great difficulty we can ascertain what
the character of our treaties now in force is.
The State Department desire that this inform-
ation shall be put in a form in which it can
be used by Senators and others. It is at the
request of the State Department that this reso-
lution has been offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better stand
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire
that his impression is that by law, if the cost
of any printing proposed exceeds §500, it must
be ordered by a concurrent resolution. The
Chair does not know what the expense of this
will be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the resolution had
better lie over u ntil to- morrow. It is a matter
of considerable importance.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on Printing
understand that the cost of this printing will
be less than $500.
Mr. SHERMAN. It surely is impossible
that all the treaties can be codified and printed
at a cost of less than $500.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to the
resolution going over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1155) to in-
corporate the American Loan and Trust Com-
pany ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1156) increasing the pensions of disabled
soldiers and sailors and the widows and chil-
dren of deceased soldiers and sailors; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. SCOTT asked, and bv unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1157) to equalize and fix the salaries of certain
bureau officers; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I present this
bill by request, without having had time to
examine its provisions in detail and without
: committing myself to its support. . I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKL1NG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1158) granting a pension to Maurice
Fitzharris ; which was read twice by its title,
j referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
| ordered to be printed.
I Mr. COIIBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
! No. 1159) to fix the salaries of the heads of
1 the Executive Departments and of the justices
j of the courts of the United States; which was
• read twice by its title.
Mr. COHBliTT. As the subject-matter of
i a portion of this bill was before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary at the last session of
Congress, I move that this bill be referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORNasked, andbyunanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1160) relating to the improvement of the St.
John's_ river, Florida; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
INDUSTRIAL IIOJ1E,
Mr. HOWELL. I desire to present a joint
resolution for immediate consideration.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 270)
for the benefit of the Industrial Home for Des-
titute Children in the District of Columbia.
_ By unanimous cctnsent, the joint resolu-
tion was read three times, and passed. It pro-
poses to authorize the Quartermaster General
to deliver to the managers of the Industrial
Home for Destitute Children of the District of
Columbia twenty-five iron bedsteads and not
to exceed twelve wooden benches, now in store
at Judiciary sauare, for the benefit of the in-
mates of the home. It further proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to deliver
to the managers, to be used for the engine in
the manufacturing shop at the home, a steam
boiler now at the navy-yard, not used, being
the same boiler which the late Admiral Dahl-
gren recommended to be given to the managers
for the benefit of the home.
TRANSPORTATION TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the President be requested to fur-
nish the Senate with the amount of money expended
by the United States for freights and passage to the
Pacific coast, by way of the Isthmus and Cape Horn,
during the twelve months now last past.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make one re-
mark in reference to these numerous resolutions
that are introduced calling upon the Depart-
ments for information. I was informed last
night by one of the heads of Department, to
whom a resolution has been directed, that he
would need twenty clerks for a considerable
length of time in order to answer the resolu-
tion, and that it would be attended with a great
deal of inconvenience and expense. It seems
to me that before these resolutions calling for
such vast amounts of information are passed
they ought to be considered. I do not wish
to object to this specifically ; but I make this
remark, that we are subjecting the Departments
every day to great trouble and expense by the
adoption of such resolutions. If they are
absolutely necessary, of course they are to be
passed; but then, while we are trying to econ-
omize, we ought to be a little careful as to the
amount of labor and expense we impose on
the Departments. That is all I suggest.
Mr. THAYER. The Senate will observe that
this resolution relates back only tw elve months,
and it will take but a very short time to collect
the information it calls for.
Mr. POMEROY. I think such resolutions
ought to be sent to a committee; but I will not
object to this, as it only goes back a year.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REYENUE MARINE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the sugar bill
which whs up yesterday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions have
priority. When they are concluded, the Sen-
ator's motion will be in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have a resolution to offer
to which 1 think there will be no objection :
Hesolvetf. That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the report
on the revenue marine now oil file ill the Iroasury
Depaitment.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
