104fc
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Committee on Disabilities, so as to instruct
the committee to verify the petition and report
to the Senate, whether it be genuine or not,?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
instruct the committee would be in order.
Mr. POOL." As an amendment to the motion
to refer ?
Th.e VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
modify his motion in that way.
Mr. POOL. Then, sir, I make it in that
form."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina modifies his motion, and now
moves that the memorial be referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities, with instructions to verify and
report to the Senate as to the genuineness of
the signatures.
Mr. WARNER. I think it will be a new
, rule in the Senate when a Senator presenting
' a petition will be held to prove the genuine-
ness of every signature to a petition presented
By him. I have never yet known that point to
be made in the Senate. I hope it is not to be
held here that the thousands and hundreds of
thousands of men in the South who cannot
read and write are not to be allowed to peti-
tion this body. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not exclude the thirty thousand white men
in the State of Alabama who, under fifty years
of Democratic rule, have never been able to
read and write, from petitioning here unless
they execute a power ot attorney to somebody
to sign their names.
Mr. THQRMAN. I must reply to that. As
to the remark about Democratic rule, that may
pass for what it is worth. Whether the Dem-
ocracy have been in favor of education or
not, I am willing to stand upon their record
and let that show whether they have or not.
Now, in respect to the petition presented
by the Senator from North Carolina, certainly
if he says that he knows the petition to have
been signed by the several individuals whose
names appear that is sufficient evidence. No-
body would question any such statement as
that. But there is no such statement here;
nor would the Senator from North Caroliua if
he presented the petition—I do not know how
that was; I was out of the Chamber when it
was presented—undertake to say of his own
knowledge that he knows that the individuals
whose names all appear to be written by one
hand authorized their names to be so written.
All he could say, I suppose, would be what he
has said, that it is sent to him by respectable
men. He has no personal knowledge of the
matter whatsoever; and I say again, it is a
very evil example to receive petitions iu this
way without any verification.
Mr. POOL. In answer to the Senator I will
say 1 hat I am not acquainted with the hand-
writing of a single man who signs that paper,
and I was not present when a single man signed
it; and 1 suppose the same might be said by
Senators of almost every petition that is pre-
sented here. I know nothing m regard to it.
I only know that the gentlemen who wrote
to me transmitting the petition are men of
respectability aud character, and I believe
what they say about it is correct and true. I
do not. know whether those gentlemen signed
the letters, nor do 1 receive one letter in a
hundred knowing the signature to be genuine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the reference of the memorial with the
instructions proposed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sorry
that the Senator from Ohio should waste his
acknowledged ability and the time of the Sen-
ate on so simple a matter as this, and 1 hope
the Senator from North Carolina will with-
draw his motion to instruct the committee,
for I do not suppose there are three men in
the Senate who doubt that these names were
all properly put upon this petition. It is a
veiy common thing for men who can write,
standing in the presence of others when a
petition is circulating, to ask auother to put
their names to it; and in regions of country
where so many of the colored population are
unable to write of course they have no other
resource but to ask their neighbors and friends
to put their names to it. I hope, therefore,
that the Senator from North Carolina will
withdraw his proposition to instruet the com-
mittee, and that we shall get rid of the sub-
ject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina withdraw the instruc-
tions?
Mr. POOL. No, sir; I prefer to let it go
to the committee with the instructions. It
will not be a very difficult matter to investi-
gate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the reference of the memorial with instruc-
tions.
Mr. BOREMAN. I regard it as simply im-
possible for the committee to which this peti-
tion is about to be referred to investigate and
ascertain whether these people, fifteen hundred
in number, have signed this paper or not.
Why, sir, it would take' that committee from
this time until the expiration of this Congress
to send to North Carolina and get a witness in
every case as to the signature of every man.
It has heretofore been taken as true, when a
petition was presented purporting to be signed
with the name of any particular individual,
that he signed that paper. If we were to act
upon any other theory, it would be an impeach-
ment of somebody that a petition is presented
here that is fraudulent, that is intended to im-
press upon this body and upon the country a
state of facts which does not exist. Now, sir,
we have no evidence of th.s sort except from
the mere suggestion that the names signed to
this paper are in the g&me handwriting. If
those persons are colored people, a sufficient
explanation has been given of that. Those
people have been kept in such a condition that
they have not been allowed to learn to read
even, much less to write. They have been
prohibited from doing so.
I think it would be a useless expenditure of
time and of money that this committee, of
which I am an humble member, should go to
work and send to North Carolina to get wit-
nesses as to the signatures of the people who
signed this petition. It would be an endless
piece of business, and I do not think we ought
to be put to the trouble, even if we had the
time, and to the expenditure of money that
would be necessary for this;purpose. I trust
my friend from North Carolina will withdraw
that portion of his motion and allow the peti-
tion to go to the committee, and they will no
doubt satisfy themselves whether it is to be
regarded or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for a
division of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont demands a division of the motion,
and the first question will be on the refer-
ence of the memorial to the Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT. 1 think my colleague will
withdraw that part of his motion which relates
to an investigation of the signatures. I have
a word to say on the petition. This petition
was got up in the lower Cape Fear country,
where I reside, and signed largely by citizens
of Wilmington. Very many of the signatures
I see, are written in the same hand; but that
is from the necessity of the case. The per-
sons whose names are affixed could neither
read nor write, and anybody who knows any-
thing about the state of education among the
blacks in that portion of the country knows
perfectly well that either there is got to be an
oath taken, and a witness to the signature in
order to validate it, or else some man has got
to'write it. I had notice of this petition some
time ago. It was sent to iny colleague inas-
much as the subject to which it related was
somewhat personal to myself. I have 110 doubt
as to the validity of the petition. I sea that ii
the names of the white men on the petition
are written by themselves, embracing a large
portion of the most respectable Republicans
in that part of the State.
Mr. (JORBEIT. The Senator from North
Carolina has presented a petition and stated
to the Senate that that petition was forwarded
to him by responsible parties; gentlemen in
whom he had the fullest confidence and whom
he knows to be incapable of committing any
fraud of the kind suggested. We know very
well that it is natural for men gathered together
in that section of the country to express their
views upon the subject contained in this peti-
tion, unable as they are to read or write, to
ask some one who they know is capable ot
writing to affix their names to the petition. It
seems to me it is totally unnecessary to direct
the committee to investigate the genuineness
of the signatures to this petition. I suppose
the Senator from North Carolina in making
that motion desired to show the Senate that
he does not shrink from an investigation of
this subject. I think the Senate are fully sat-
isfied with his statement of the facts, and I
hope under the circumstances he will be will-
ing to withdraw that portion of his motion.
Mr. THUR1IAN. 1 only wish to show what
has been the practice of the Senate heretofore
on thissubject; more stringent than I had sup-
posed, and more stringent than the modern
usage in the Senate, I admit. You will find
in a note to Cushing's Manual, page 4-19, this
statement:
" The rule on this subject laid down in the Sen-
ate of the United States many yeais ago was 'that
no petition was to be acted upon unless signed or
wiitten in the presence of the member, or unless
the handwriting: was averred by the member pre-
senting it.'"—lieg. of Deb., iii, 295.
That was the rule. I admit the practice has
been departed from, and I do not say that 1
would be in favor of so stringent a rule. I
should be willing to take the rule which r.ow
obtains in the House of Commons, and that is
this, as stated by Mr. Speaker Abbott:
" The House required of members presenting peti-
tions that they should be able to say that they
believed the signatures to be authentic; but it h.td
not been the practice to require absolute certainty
on that point, a practice wtneti would bo attended
with great inconvenience. God forbid ihat the tuo-
jectsof this country should be unable to have peii-
tions presented unless they came trora the most dis-
tant parts of the kingdom to give them intothe bands
of members and prove their handwriting 1''
That is said in reference to what was for-
merly he rule in the House of Commons, and
also in the House of Lords, that unless the
member could say that the petition was signed
in his presence, or he knew the signatures, there
must be some extrinsic proof of their genuine-
ness. That is not the rule now. I have not
said that this petition should not be received
because of the statement made by the Senator
from North Carolina that he believes it to lie
genuine. That is sufficient to admit it. 1 do
not contest the reception of the petition at all.
( admit that his statement, that he received it
from responsible persons and believes it to be
genuine, is sufficient to entitle it to reception.
That I do not deny ; but still the fact is a lit
subject to be commented upon, that the signa-
tures to this petition are in great part, if not
the greater part, in one handwriting.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a man who
cannot write certainly may petition Congress.
A man who cannot write may attest a will,
may attest a deed, or any other important
legal instrument. But when he does so he is
to do it as a marker; his name may be written
by somebody else, but his mark is attached to
it, in order that persons who read the paper
may know in what character he is presented,
whether as a man who writes his attestation or
makes his mark to it.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that
when men (and especially such a large pro-
portion of them as seems to be admitted in
relation to the petitioners on this paper) can-
not write they ought to present themselves in
the plain, old-fashioned way of signing their
