*
1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
sonal merits. I only used his name because
he is the man who disburses this money; and
I say that it is improper to put it in the hands
of anybody who is irresponsible to the country,
and who will not have to show item by item
the disposition made of the money, as should
alwavs be done by every person who is charged
with the disbursement of public money.
Mr. DAWES. Nor is it for the Committee
on Appropriations to require by law that
General Michler shall render an account to
Congress. It is for the Committee on Apppro-
priations to take his estimates, and as well as
they cau to revise and reduce them, and to
bring those revised estimates before the House
on their own responsibility. The original esti-
mate of this item, as submitted to the Com-
mittee ou Appropriations, I have before me, and
it amounts to $100,000. The committee went
into an examination of the details and cut it
down to $30,000, and I will state to the House
what it is for. It is not for General Michler
to run streets and avenues through the public
grounds ; but when the authorities of the city
order new streets to be opened or streets to be
paved the abutters have to pay the expense, and
the United States, as an abutter, has to pay
the share imposed upon it by law. Whenever
the city authorities or the territorial govern-
ment orders a street which runs by the public
property to be repaved, the abutters must pay
their proportion of it, and the share of the
United States in those expenses comes out of
this fund of $30,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question right there. Is it for streets
and avenues already opened or for those that
may be opened hereafter ?
Mr. DAWES. A portion of it is for those
already opened but which have not been paved
for want of an appropriation, and a portion of
it is in anticipation of the action of the proper
authorities in laying out streets.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. I want to justify the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and to say that I do
not think they can be held responsible for a
dereliction of duty when they take the esti-
mate of the Government for $100,000 and
spend their time in examining and cutting
down that estimate to $30,000, and when they
show that there is a iair and reasonable ex-
pectation that as much as that will be needed
for the purpose. If it is the opinion of the
House that nothing should be appropriated
ior this purpose nobody will feel less regret
about it than the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. LOGAN. I am aware that the manner
of the gentleman and his uniform courtesy and
undoubted honesty of purpose induced the
House to pass a great many bills here that I
do not think we understand. I do not mean
that he intends anything improper, and I say
ns such thing; but I do say that great out-
rages are perpetrated in this House. The
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions admits that a part of this appropria-
tion of $30,000 is for something that may
be done some time hereafter by the authori-
ties of Washington, and its share of the cost
of which the Government will have to pay.
Now, we all know that if we appropriate
$1,000,000 prospectively, looking to the doing
of certain acts by the authorities of this city,
the authorities here will do acts that will
absorb that money, and the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations knows that fact.
Does not the chairman know it? He has
had experience enough to know it. I say, as
1 said before, that an appropriation of this
kind is an outrage upon the House, and I do
not care what committee reports it. The idea
of making appropriations in anticipation of
something that may possibly happen at some
time is an outrage. I have already said it,
and I assert it again.
1 say for that reason the House ought to
scan particularly every one of these appro-
priations. We have passed over about half
of them, and if I had time I could demonstrate
to the House i hat we are appropriating money
for things that ought not io be done, that we
are appropriating money for things that are
outrageous, and that it was understood that
money should not be appropriated for these
purposes. At the time you paved Pennsyl-
vania avenue by act of Congress it was under-
stood in the House that the Government was
not to pay these expenses. Now, here we are
asked to pay $1,000 for cleaning the snow off
Pennsylvania avenue, and for changing the
grade of a street in one place $5,000, and
another item of $10,000. Here is an item of
$1,000 to clean the snow from Pennsylvania
avenue the other day to allow the carnival here
on the avenue, to allow men to mask them-
selves to make fun for fools, and the Govern-
ment of the United States is to pay for fun-
making for fools to laugh at! That is in your
bill, $1,000 for cleaning the snow off the ave-
nue. I cannot see what it was cleaned off for
except for the benefit of the carnival. I saw
that it was cleaned then. I have not seen it
cleaned at any other time ; so I presume that
is what it was for. We are occupied here in
Congress in appropriating the money of the
people to make fun for fools to laugh at!
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let me state one or
two facts. This bill, if I am not mistaken in
the figures, appropriates $440,000 for this
District. We appropriated in the legislative
bill $200,000 for this city. In addition to that,
the bill providing a territorial government for
the District, which has just passed and gone
into operation, proposes to tax the real estate,
exclusive of the buildings of the Government
in this city, and that will cost $1,000,000 more.
I merely call the attention of the House to
these facts. If the Republican party is willing
to take the responsibility of this, let them take
it. I wash my hands of it. The people of the
country will hold them to an account for it,
and it is really very little better than grand
larceny on the people.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what it is exactly.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
The question was taken on the motion to
strikeout the paragraph} and it was agreed
to—ayes eighty-two, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For purchase of flower-pots, mats, glasses, twine,
and so forth, $1,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend this clause
by striking out the words "and so forth."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Inasmuch as the " and so
forth" has been stricken out, I suppose that
includes the appropriation for it. 1 move to
strike out the clause.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For lighting the Capitol, President's IIouso, and
public grounds, $40,000.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to
amend this clause by striking out " $40,000 "
and inserting "$20,000." This clause now
reads "for lighting the Capitol, President's
House, and public grounds, $40,000." The
mere reading of the clause is sufficient to show
that the proposed appropriation is a gross
wrong to the tax-payers of the country. When
the appropriation bill for the last fiscal year
was under discussion, I was struck with aston-
ishment at the immense sum proposed to be
taken from the Treasury—from the taxes paid
by the people—to light the Capitol, Piesident's
House, and public grounds. Afterward an
experienced gas manufacturer showed me a
carefully prepared estimate of what it ought
to cost to light the Capitol, the President's
House, public grounds, and the public build-
ings into the bargain, for one entire year,
and the total sum was less than ten thou-
sand dollars. Yet this bill proposes $40,000
for the Capitol, President's House, and public
grounds, without including the other public
buildings. It is well known that for nearly
half the next fiscal year Congress wilf not be
in session, and when it is there are but few
days during an entire session when this House
holds night sessions. What, then, becomes of
the $40,000? I regret to say that this item
only illustrates the reckless extravagance of
the entire bill. During the last session of
Congress the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations boasted that $10,000,000 had
been saved the country during that session;
yet only a day or two since a bill making ap-
propriations of about eleven million dollars
to make up for deficiencies in the appropria-
tions of last session passed this House. I
denounce the proposed appropriation as waste-
ful and extravagant, if not worse, and in jus-
tice to the people, who have to pay it, it ought
to be reduced at least one half.
Mr. DAWES. I oppose the motion to strike
out, and call for a vote.
The question was taken on striking out; and
upon a division there were—ayes 66, noes 48;
no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I call for tellers.
The SPEAKER. Tellers will be ordered,
no quorum having voted on the last count.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Morgan were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forty-eight,
noes not counted.
So the motion to strike out was disagreed to.
ALLEUUD INDIAN FRAUDS.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Appropriations, re-
ported the testimony, together with the con-
clusions of the committee thereon, in refer-
ence to alleged Indian frauds ; and the same
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read as follows:
For annual repairs of the President's House, $5,000.
For refurnishing the President's House, $5,000.
For care and improvement ot grounds south of tho
President's House. $5,000.
For fuel for tho President's House, $3,000.
Forrepair of greenhouse at the President's IIouso
and purchase ot plants, $3,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] that the official name of what is
here called "the President's House" is "the
Executive Mansion." I would suggest that
this bill be made in that respect to correspond
to the law.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection. This
is the name which they sent to us, and we
supposed they knew the name of their own
house. [Laughter.]
The clauses were modified according to the
suggestion of Mr. Matnabd.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improving Franklin square, opening and
graveling: walks, and planting trees, shrubbery, and
so forth, §5,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out tho
words "and so forth."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Does that include the appro-
nriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I move to strike out
clauss
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
l'or paving on Pennsylvania avenue and Fifteenth
street in front of the property of the United States,
in accordance with the law making change of grade,
$14,792.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
clause just read, for the purpose of
