im
«Sfl CONGRESSIONAL GL0BI.
February 8,
The VICE PKESIDEtTP. Does the Sen-
ator ask for a conference?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. 1 think the
Hoase will.recede ori understanding it.
hancock barracks, maine.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, who were, by a resolution of the Sen-
ate, directed to inquire into the expediency
of providing for the sale of the land and build-
ing known as "Hancock barracks," at Houl-
jton, Maine, have instructed me to report a bill
to authorize the sale of the public property at
Houlton, Maine; and as it is very brief, I ask
to have it put on its passage at once.
• There being no objection, the bill (S.. No,
1308) to authorize the sale of the public prop-
erty at Houlton, Maine, was read three times,
and passed. It proposes to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to sell and convey the land be-
longing to the United States at Houlton, Maine,
known as the "Haneock barracks," if in his
opinion it shall be for the interest of the Gov-
ernment to sell the same.
rills recommitted.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Ordered. That the bill (S. No. 1275) for the relief
of the owners of the bark A1 be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr, F E N'I'ON. I ask that the Senate recon-
sider its vote by which House resolution No.
22o, for the relief of Pardon Worsley, was
indefinitely postponed when it was reached
upon the Calendar at the session yesterday. I
was necessarily absent yesterday, and I desire
when this resolution shall be finally considered
to say a few words upon it. I have the consent
of the chairman of the Committee on Claims
that this motion may prevail.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
New York moves that the joint resolution (H.
li. No. 22-3) for the relief of Pardon Worsley,
indefinitely postponed yesterday, be reconsid-
ered, and it again placed upon the Calendar.
If ihere'be no objection, that order will be
made. The Chair hears no objection, and it
is so ordered.
bills introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1320) directing the conveyance of certain
lots of ground with the improvements thereon
for the use of the public schools of the city of
Washington ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1321) to provide for the redemption
and sale of lands held by the United States
utidfr the several acts levying direct taxes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1322) to grant to the State of Missouri all the
public lands within the State remaining undis-
posed of for the benefit of the public school
lund of said State; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1323)
to amend section fourteeu and section thirty-
Ihree, as amended, of an act entitled " An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved March
2, 1867; vv'hich was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce bill (S.
No. 1824) authorizing the laying of an addi-
tional water main from the distributing reser-
voir of the Washington Aqueduct; which was
read by its title, referred to the Committee on
tho District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ill the same connection
I present for reference two letters from the
officer in charge, on the subject of that water
main, which ipay be of use to the eommittee.
I move that they be referred to the same com-
mittee, and printed.
"The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 13*25) to prevent and punish bribery and
corrupt practices ia the elections of electors
of President and Vice Presidentof the United
States and of members of the-House of Rep-
resentatives in the Congress of the United
States: which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
c0mmitt8b oh disorders in the south.
' Mr. SCOTT submitted the following reso-
lution [ which Was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Remlved, That the select committee of tlie Senate
on the condition of the southern States be author-
ised to hold sessions daring the sessions of the Sen-
ate, to report to the Senate from time to time, and
that two additional members be added to the com-
mittee.
ann iiotllbay.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNpS, it was
Ordered* That tie petition and papers of Ana
Hoi lidnv, praying to be allowed a pension, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
message from tub house.
A message from thfe House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. li. No. 2966) to amend an act
entitled "An aet for the relief of Peter Mills,"
approved June 80, 1834 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2996) to authorize the
Worthington National Bank of Cooperstown,
New York, to change its name and location ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 500) to remit
duties upon certain imported articles donated
for the benefit of destitute citizens of France.
The message further announced that the
House non-concurred in the amendment of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No, 2689) mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, requested a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. William H. Kelsey of New
York, Mr. William E. Niblack of Indiana,
and Mr. Luke P. Polasd of Vermont, as the
conferees on the part of the House.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
A bill (H. R. No. 2793) to authorize the
Worcester County National Bank, Massachu-
setts, to change its location ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1010) for the relief of
Hiram A. Cutting ;
A bill (H. R. No. 794) for the relief of H.
Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of
internal revenue, stamps in tho thirteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1274) for the relief of
Mrs. Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet
Brigadier General John L Gardner ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2250) for the relief of
John Wilson;
A bill (H. R. No. 1067) for the relief of
Janes, Fowler, Kirkland & Co.;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 209) author-
izing the Secretary of War to audit and pay
the claims of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal
citizen Of Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 808) author-
izing the use of a naval vessel to transport
breadstuff's to Europe*
consular am* diplomatic appropriations.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2689) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
and,
On motion of Mr. COLE, It was
SesoHei, That the Senate insist Upon Its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the Hoase of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the Bouse on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Stocktos the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
order of business.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to call up Senate bill No. 1189, to authorize
the Secretary of War to negotiate for the con-
struction of a telegraph line to the military
posts on the Missouri river.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee demands the regular order.
This day has been assigned by the Senate for
the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; but the
unfinished business takes precedence, which
is the bill (S. No. 942) for the relief of Mrs.
Susan A. Shelby, on the passage of which the
yeas and nays were ordered and the vote taken
last evening, and no quorum appearing the
Senate adjourned.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the vote can be
taken without discussion, I will yield for that
purpose.
Several senators. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWE. I apprehend there will be no
further debate on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again call the roll on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it in order now to
move to postpone it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
postpone it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill for
the relief of Mrs. Shelby.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was engaged in the
Committee on Appropriations last night when
the vote was taken, and I did not hear the
report. I should like to hear it read, and the
bill also, if it is to be acted on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires that the bill be read, and also
the report.
Mr. KELLOGG. The report has been read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires that it be again reported, as
he was not present yesterday when it was read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
report.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am reluctantly com-
pelled to interrupt the reading of that report.
I am informed by my friend from Vermont
that he intends to oppose the passage of the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As far as the reading has
gone, that is my impression of the claim.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am quite conscious, in
addition, that there are a number of gentlemen
on the floor who intend to obstruct, if possible,
the passage of the bill; and it will give rise, I
am satisfied and believe, to discussion. Now,
Mr. President, I desire to make ft motion, I
will not say with the concurrence of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, but 1 do not think
he will seriously oppose it. I have waited
patiently for three or four days until the days
assigned to committees to which I belong
should be passed. The Committee on Com-
merce had Monday and the Committee on
Claims had yesterday, and to-day, I under-
stand, the Qommitfcee on the Dijtri<5t of Colum-
