1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2o,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Dawes] what is meant to be done
with this sum. Is it proposed to pay for pav-
ing Fifteenth street in front of the Treasury
Department,, where the grade of the street lias
been changed for the benefit of a street rail-
way company, thus impairing the Treasury
building in appearance at least, if not in fact?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is right in
suppor-ing that this is for paving the street in
front of the Treasury Department building,
where an alteration has been made in the
grade, which alteration has resulted to the
benefit of a street railway company; so far
the gentleman is correct. But tbe grade was
changed by order of the city council, which
had authority to alter it, and the Government
could not help itself. After it was altered,
and the grading completed, it became neces-
sary to pave in front of the Treasury building.
General Michler has made an estimate of what
it would cost and sent it to us; we have cut
down the estimate somewhat. The Govern-
ment could not control this matter at all; the
city authorities did this thing. The law says
that the abutters shall pay for the grading one
half on each side of the street, it happens that
the Government is an abutter there, and will
be obliged to pay its share of the cost.
Mr. ALLISON. Does it include the neces-
sary repairs to the Treasury building which
will be the result of changing the grade?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. They are provided for in
another part, of the bill ?
Mr. DAWES. This is to pay just what the
city authorities assess upon the Government
as an abutter.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. In the bill providing for the paving
of Pennsylvania avenue was not this whole
thing provided for?
Mr. DAWES. It was provided in the bill
authorizing !he pavement of Pennsylvania ave-
nue that the owners of property abutting the
avenue should pay for the pavement; and the
gentleman will find in the next paragraph of
this bill an appropriation for paving Penn-
sylvania avenue in front of the Botanic Gar-
den. Subsequently to the passage of that act,
and not at all as a part of it, the alteration of
the grade was determined upon.
Mr. LOGAN. Was that provided for by an
act passed here ?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir ; we had nothing to
do with it; it was provided for by an ordin-
ance of the cily. The city authorities, after
the paving of Pennsylvania avenue had been
authorized by Congress, thought that they
could make a further improvement at Fifteenth
sireet by lowering the grade. That alteration
of the grade has resulted—whether that was
the intention or not I do not know—in an
advantage to a railroad corporation, and, as
the city authorities suppose, an advantage to
everybody else. As we have given authority
to the city government to pass upon such
questions, it follows that the Government, as
owner of property abutting the avenue at that
point, is obliged to pay one half the cost of the
pavement.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts one question, for the pur-
pose of eliciting information. Is there nothing
in the body of laws relating to this District
which restiains the cily from changing the
grade of streets upon which public buildings
are located ?
Mr. DAWES. Up to the time when we
adopted the territorial government for the
District there was no limitation upon the city
authorities in that respect. In the bill pro-
viding a territorial government we revised
"that whole matter, giving ihree or four weeks'
consideration to the subject. As the matter
came under the observation of my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] lie is doubtless familiar
with the provisions of that law.
Mr. LOGAN. I move, pro forma, to amend
by striking out in the paragraph "in accord-
ance with the law making change of grade."
I desire to reiterate what I said awhile ago,
that I ana more and more astonished at the
items reported in this bill. It is confessed by
the chairman of the committee that this
appropriation is a benefit to a railroad com-
pany, a private corporation 
Mr. DAWES. I said that the change of
grade resulted in a benefit to a railroad com-
pany.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, then, the appropriation
is for that result, as everybody cau see.
Mr. DAWES. Let me explain.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire &n explana-
tion. I understand the matter perfectly, and
so does the gentleman. A railroad company
has induced the councils of this city to cut
down the grade of the street; and' that rail-
road company, or the councils, or somebody
else, has induced the Committee on Appropri-
ations to report an appropriation to pay for it.
That is all there is in it. The city gets Con-
gress to authorize the paving of the avenue;
it then cuts down the grade ; and the Govern-
ment and the tax-payers must pay for this
benefit of a private corporation. The change
of grade is an injury to the public buildings;
it mars the beauty of the street, and damages
all the buildings along there; yet we are to
appropriate money for the purpose of changing
the grade so as to do—what? So as to save
this railroad company the expense of provid-
ing extra horses to pull the cars up the hill.
In order to give the railroad company this
advantage we are to pay $15,000. That is all
there is in this appropriation. One of the
worst features in the legislation of Congress is
the making of appropriations for private cor-
porations, such as this railroad company, and
aiding the city of Washington and everybody
else in costly undertakings, by which the Treas-
ury is robbed.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] abuses the Committee on Appro-
priations. Why does he not abuse the city
council for altering the grade?
Mr. LOGAN. I will tell the gentleman.
Congress has exclusive jurisdiction over the
District of Columbia, and we can, if we choose,
refusts to appropriate the money.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Let
me say a single word. I wish to state that the
charge which the gentleman from Illinois has
made is not correct. The railroad company
was not in favor of it. It was done without
their request. They were opposed to it, because
it put them to additional expense. It was done
by the city.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the chairman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAWES. I supposed I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hasrecognized
the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. It is for the benefit of this
railroad company. They are the only ones
interested and benefited.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to spend this
day wrangling over this matter.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let me ask the chair-
man one question. I ask, if this appropriation
is not made, whether there is any means for
the improvement of the condition of the side-
walk in front of the Treasury Department on
Fifteenth street?
Mr. DAWES. Let us consider this fairly.
We live undera Government of laws which we
made ourselves, and one of them is the city
councils of Washington shall be clothed with
power over the streets. It is not an unusual
law. It exists in almost every city in a civilized
land. The city government made what they
thought was an i mprovement on Fifteenth street.
Under an existing law that requires the abut-
ters to pay for the pavement, the Government
of the United States is compelled to pay for
the pavement about the Treasury Department.
We may omit to do it if we please, and it will
not be paid, and the walk will remain as it is.
We can quarrel with the city government; we
can qua,rrel among ourselves, and, what is a
greater luxury, we can quarrel with the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to our hearts' eon-
tent, $nd the hill ^tPifteenth street will remain,
nevertheless, just as it is.
Now, Mr, Speaker, let us like men pass on
this question. It will not do now to quarrel
with the Committee on Appropriations in
reference to a matter over which they have no
more control than over the revolutions of the
sum I move that debate be closed on this
paragraph.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Allison's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 88,
noes 67.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For paving Pennsylvania avenue in front of tho
Botanic Garden, from the northwest gate of the
Capitol grounds to Third street west, including grad-
ing. laying sidewalks, flag footways, resetting curb,
paving, building sewer, and so forth, under act
of July 8,1870. $25,838.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the
words " and so forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Washington aqueduct: for finishing coping and
iron railing on bridges Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 4, $20,000.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of getting some explanation of this
appropriation. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, I know, thinks it is all nonsense to
make any opposition to any of these appro-
priations. Now, as I rely on tbe honesty and
integrity of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, I should like to have him
explain why the Government of the United
States and the people of the United States
should be responsible for building bridges
and aqueducts for the city of Washington?
I should like to know the law for it. He says
that we cannot help it; that we are bound to
do it. I move to strike out the paragraph ;
and I wish to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee oil Appropriations to explain under
what law we are compelled, as a Congress of
the United States, to make this appropriation,
when we have the exclusive jurisdiction, the
exclusive power of legislation, the power to
repeal as well as to enact—why we are forced
to do these things.. I wish the country to
understand that I do not believe we are com-
pelled to do them. And I say if this Congress
continues these appropriations in the manner
they have done for the last few days they will
hear from the country. If we do not put a
stop to them the people will send those here
who will.
I do say that I propose to be treated as a
member of this House and a peer of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
And when he insinuates before this House
that all this talk is sheer nonsense, and that
we should go on like good children and make
these appropriations, I say it is his duty to
explain these things to the House and the
country. I know it is no trouble for him to
do it, and I want him to do it. Instead of
this smiling at the bleeding throats of the
people of this country, and smiling again,
with the complacency with which the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations can
smile in this House, I would like to hear him
explain this appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman has
got through. Nothing that I have said or
done in the House that I am conscious of
justfies the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois; and nothing in the remarks of the
gentleman from Illinois will deter me from
discharging my duty here as I understand it.
This place is not one of my own seeking,
and I do not find any great pleasure in the
discharge of its duties. When I am relieved
