1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
bia have the entire day to dispose of their
bills. As I said in the outset, i do not pro-
pose to make my motion with the consent and
concurrence of the 3yiator from New Hamp-
shire, ihe chairman <rf the District Commit-
tee ; but I submit the motion to take up Senate
bill No. 683, providing for steamship service
between the port of New Orleans and the
republic of Mexico.
Mr. PATTERSON. I must object to that
if il tabes from me to-day. I have no objec-
tion to the Senator getting his bill up if I can
have the day.
Mr. KELLOGG. I only want it taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be taken up and
then laid aside informally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I shall object to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Louisiana insist on liis motion?
Mr. KELLOGG. I doj and then, after the
bill is up, I will give way for the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. PATTERSON. But the Senator from
Vermont objects to that course of proceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by vote of the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask a vote of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana moves to postpone the present and
all other orders, for the purpose of considering
Senate bill No. 683, being the bill for steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. HO WE. It that motion carries, I under-
stand it displaces not only the pending ques-
tion but the business which was assigned for
consideration to-day. it is all swept out of
the way if this motion obtains. I should feel
embarrassed in resisting a motion submitted
by the Senator from New Hampshire to post-
pone the pending question and to give the
District Committee the day which is assigned
to the committee. I should be obliged to say,
then, even that the day which was accorded to
She Committee on Claims has not been en-
joyed ; but a portion of the day we did have,
and I could not resist that motion, if the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire would defer it until
after a vote was taken on the pending ques-
tion. I think we had better take that vote.
But I reaHy do not see how I can assent to
have the business of the Committee on Claims
set aside to give place to the consideration of
the bill of the Senator from Louisiana. It is
a bill which proposes to spend money where
we do not owe it; and 1 am simply trying to
spend it where we do owe it.
Mr. PATTERSON. As there are several
Senators who object and say they will antago-
nize other business with the District of Colum-
bia business if I give way to this, I must insist
upon going on with the business of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CORBETT. The bill indicated by the
Senator from Louisiana has been under dis-
cussion heretofore, and probably will not elicit
any great discussion hereafter. It is a bill for
the reestablishment of the commerce of this
country and to secure to this country the trade
of the Gulf of Mexico, which we have lost by
our own neglect. We have lost millions and
millions by simply neglecting the encourage-
ment of a steamship line between our own
country and the countries lying on the Gulf of
Mexico) and if we ever intend to revive Amer-
ican commerce, and to grasp the trade that
lies within our reach here, the time to do it is
now, and we must commence at once. The
question is whether we will secure a trade that
will pour into the laps of American manufac
turem millions upon millions of dollars, or
whether we shall proceed to pay out moneys
for other purposes of less importance.
Mr. HOWE rose.
The V1 CIS PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Oregon yield to the Senator from Wis-
consin?-
Mr. CORBETT, No, sir: I shall be through
in a moment.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin will state his question of order.
Mr. HOWE. I submit that the question is
not that which the Senator from Oregon just
states, but it is whether we will postpone the
pending order or not
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
motion.
Mr. HOWE. And on that motion, I take
it, the merits of the steamship bills are not
open to discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of
order being made, the Chair will state to the
Senator from Oregon that by the rules of the
Senate the merits of the bill sought to be post-
poned can be debated; but the merits of the
bill sought to be taken up cannot, by the elev-
enth rule, be discussed.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wished to state
to the Senate the reason why I thought this
pending motion should prevail; and I am
w.illing to submit to the vote of the Senate
upon that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. KELLOGG? In view of the fact that
the Senator from New Hampshire finds him-
self embarrassed by conflicting interests, I
shall withdraw this motion; but I desire to
give notice that I shall move to take up this
steamship bill as soon as the business of the
Committee on the District of Columbia is
through, and I will take this occasion to make
a single remark in addition by way cf answer
to my friend from Wisconsin. Although I
have the honor to be a member of his com-
mittee, and am always willing and anxious to
stand by him, I must say that I think this
steamship bill is quite as important as any bill
that emanates from the Committee on Claims,
for it embraces a great many interests, whereas
no one bill from the Committee on Claims
embraces more than a single interest. I now
withdraw my motion.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to lay aside the
unfinished business of yesterday and proceed
to the consideration of bills reported by the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWE. Will not the Senator from
New Hampshire defer his motion until a vote
is taken on the bill which was pending at the
adjournment yesterday ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to that course.
I propose to have that question considered
more maturely before the vote is taken on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from New Hampshire is to post-
pone until to-morrow the bill for the relief of
Mrs. Shelby, so that the resolution of the
Senate assigning to-day to the business of the
Committee on the District of Columbia shall
go into operation, the effect of which is to
return the bill to the Calendar. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 22, noes 20.
Mr. HOWE. Before the Senate proceeds
with the District business I wish an oppor-
tunity to say that I wish to have a day, either
next week or the week after, which the Senate
will devote to the consideration of business
from the Committee on Claims. I am dis-
posed to relinquish my right this time and
will not make any struggle about it, because I
thijik the Senator from New Hampshire has a
preemption on this day.
special Assignments of business.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
unanimous consent of the Senate to fix next
Tuesday at one o'clock for the consideration
of bills from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. I think they may take two hours. I
have not made any such request during this
session; and as other committees have had
days assigned to them) I hope there will be
no objection to assigning next Tuesday at one-
o'clock to bills from the Commit!®#  n For-
eign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts?
. Mr. SUMNER. And at the same time I
move to suspend the rule with regard to unfin-
ished business, so that the assignment may be
sure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator also
desires the rule in regard to the unfinished
business which may be pending on Monday
next to be suspended, so that this order shall
have full effect on Tuesday. Is there objection
to that proposition 1
Mr. CORBETT. I object to that portion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon does not object, as the Chair under-
stands, to assigning the day. but does object
to suspending the rule as to unfinished business.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator accept the proposition in that form ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to that, and it is ordered that
Tuesday next after the morning hour be set
apart for, business from the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories
have two or three very important bills which
require action. If the fashion is to assign days
I should like to have next Monday assigned for
the business of that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Next Monday
has been already assigned to reports of the
Committee on Military Affairs. The acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
is not in his seat; but he gave notice he did not
desire too many days assigned to exclude the
appropriation bills.
Mr. NYE. That is what I desire; I do not
want too many days assigned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the Senator's proposition to the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I move that Wednesday next he
assigned for the consideration of bills from the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not like
to interfere against my friend from Nevada,
but at this late period of the session, when
scarcely any of the appropriation bills have
been passed in the Senate, it seems to me un-
wise to parcel out the time in this way until
we make further progress with the appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. NYE. I propose to put this business
off to a week from now. We have had an
exhibition of the fact that it does not take any
length of time to pass an appropriation hill.
Nobody opposes those bills. We had some
up last week, and they went through so
smoothly that I supposed the Senator from
Vermont was for letting everything go. I pro-
pose that next Wednesday be assigned for the
Committee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada, to assign next Wednesday for reports
of the Committee on Territories? The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 make the request of
the Senate that Thursday of next week be get
apart lor considering Senate bills Nos. 871,
271, and 151, and House bill No. 1605, bills
which have been reported, some of them sev-
eral months, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. One of them is a bill regulating the
practice in the Federal courts, an exceedingly
important bill, which should be considered. I
entreat the Senate to let these bills be heard
on Thursday of next week, after the morning
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin asks unanimous consent that Thurs-
day of next week, after the morning hour, be
assigned for the consideration of four bills
