1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
its adjudication, we do add force to the allega-
tion that strategy was to be employed in the
Senate, and that if it could not be consum-
mated in the organization of the committee it
would be consummated as well as it might;
and that is distinctly before my constituents
and before your constituents and before all our
constituents. I think it better, in the face of
that charge, that we act toward each other here
as though we were willing to trust the ordinary
modes of legislation ; that we act as though we
were not afraid of the adjudication of a com-
mittee headed by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts ; aud whether or not in regard
to that weareunwilling to trust him, the country
is willing to trust him with this question. The
newspaper press of the country has spoken
much on this subject; the people are informed
of the previous action upon it, and no word of
general condemnation comes up from the peo-
ple in regard to the action of the committee.
Therefore, if the will of the people is to be
regarded in this behalf, they are not importun-
ing you to pass by all the important legislation
that ought to be performed by this Senate and
the Congress of the United States, and to rush
wildly into this investigation to the prejudice
of other important legislation. No: the anxiety
is here; the anxiety is possessed by a very small
portion of our fellow-citizens.
I repeat, therefore, what I have said, and it
ought to be sufficient, that we should all feel
that this question must be met in such a man-
ner as questions usually are, for otherwise the
presumption will be that the measure is to be
forced through the Senate and forced through
the House of Representatives and forced upon
the country without any public will of the peo-
ple to back it up or to sustain it for an hour.
But, Mr. President, it is alleged that the
information to be obtained by the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
cannot be answered in this city or from the
executi've documents. I have before me the
instructions- that were given by the Secretary
of State, under the direction of the President,
to Mr. Babcock, when he was about to depart
for the purpose of negotiating an original
treaty; and these instructions do cover the
principal points that are couched in the_reso-
lution of the honorable Senator from Indiana.
The instructions of Mr. Babcock were:
DnvAiiTMiiNT OF ST \ n:.
Washington, J ah 13,18lK>.
General: The President, dooming it advisable to
employ a special agent to obtain information in
regard to the Dominican republic, hat selected you
1'i.r that purpose.
'i'ho points to which your inquiirics iviil be directed
;u-e: the population ot that republic, in towns and in
the country, on the north and south coast, and in the
inferior, respectively : the numberof whites, of pure
Africans, of nuilattoes, and of other mixtures of the
Atiican and Caucasian laces; of Indians, and of the
eio.^se^ between them and whites and Africans, re-
Pectively. You will als-o inquire and report upon
the soi.s oi the country, aud their production in each
locality ; .is to the timber, dye-woods, and minerals;
and as lo whether any nnnes arc worked, and the
extent and value of their proceeds.
1 ou will likewise endeavor to obtain lull a.nd accu-
iate information ia regard to the disposition of the
Government and people of that republic toward the
Uni'cd States, the ehaiactcr ot the Government,
whether it be militaiy or civil, whether it be stable
or liable to be oveitiirown.
It is also desirable to know what the revenues ot
that country may be, and whence denved, and the
tonnage, to be clnt-sUied so ns to show the propor-
tions of its foreign trade, under its.own lias and
under [hose of other countries. Similar returns m
regard to the eoasiin\ tiade would be acceptable.
You will also ascertain what the debt, foreign an/l
domestic, of that Government may be, how long it
mas have to run, the rate of interest, ami where the
debt may be h<ld.
It i-iundei.-toodthat 1 he Government paper money
i-sued during one Administration is ojten, if not
uMtal'y. lei'Uditfted oy its suoce-^or. Y'ou will en-
deavor to of' ain lull and accurate information on
:hi- po'.ni, iLo ami.tints of stirh money as may have
been e-'teil ::o.n time to n::n\ ami the sums on
nc, ooijt tboi eMt'f.o- which the Government may, m
an\ ceo: \ be l>ab!e.
IiKiiiii v f-honld :"O be made as to whether any
iolci^n V';w r ns ,v b : seek.ng Co obtain possesion
of any pal t ot that country. j. L
Generally, any information tending to illustrate
the condition and resources of that republic, and the
character and influence of those charged with its
destinies, would be acceptable. • s ■' *
I am, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISII.
Osville E. Babcock, Brevet Brigadier General.
Inasmuch as that was the character of the
instructions issued by the President of the
United States to the gentlemen who negotiated
that treaty recently, and inasmuch as the Pres-
ident was so well satisfied with the information
which was obtained under that investigation,
and in accordance with these instructions, that
a treaty was sent to the Senate of the United
States, and inasmuch as the treaty was rejected
by the Senate of the United States, I take it
for granted that the information obtained was
sufficient for the President to predicate his ac-
tion in the premises upon, and if last spring
he was in possession of the information called
for under those instructions he is in possession
of that information this hour; and, therefore,
to refuse to ask him for that upon which he
already has acted in sending in a negotiation to
this body looks to me very much like chang-
ing the base of operations and undertaking
to get that which will become a substitute for
this information through another source than
the original source from which it was first
acquired.
Sir, it is evident that the resolution of inquiry
by the Senator from Massachusetts can be an-
swered here, andean be promptly answered here
also ; and if there is any probability that it can
be thus answered I protest against acting on
the assumption that it is not to be answered at 1
all and acting upon the joint resolution intro- \
duced by the Senator from Indiana. After we
shall have been informed by the President that
the information called for by the Senator from
Massachusetts cannot be obtained, then it will
be time enough to look in another direction
for the purpose of ascertaining it: then will be
j the proper time for the question as to whether
I we shall seek it through the appointment of a
! commission or through some other possible
I channel.
I I hold, therefore, that the proposition that
| the information called for by the honorable
j Senator from Massachusetts cannot be re-
I ceived here is not a proposition which at the
' present time is warranted by the facts in the
case. On this account I desire to see ati answer
to the resolution of that Senator before action
; at all on the resolution of the honorable Sen-
j ator frtmi Indiana; and I do think that unless
there was in the minds of the friends ot this
j measure some pressing, immediate, urging
I motive, they would be willing to act as men
l ordinarily act—let that which is prior in point
of time be first attended to, and then attend
to the oilier in its order and in course.
But, Mr. President, I did not intend to am-
plify my remarks on this subject, feeling that the
1 question was not one which should be pressed
j upon the attention of the Senate until after the
! reference and after a report from the commit-
; tee. I desire that this question shall go to the
! Committee on Foreign .Relations, in order that
1 we may have from them such a report as will
. enable us to understand whether it is likely
that the people of this country can bear the
present, and the prospective expenses of such
;j a negotiation and treaty, and paying for the
acquisition of that portion of the island con-
i! templated, and the great expenses of a naval
" station and of a probable war with Hayti, while
i| yet our national debt is unpaid, our reconstruc-
|l tion requiring the presence of soldiers at the
j' polls in order to have quiet in the elections in
ij this country, and millions of money annually
I; expended for the purpose of keeping our lu-
ll dian tribes in subjection; while our people are
j| rushing out- northward and contemplating the
>; annexation of Canada, and southward, looking
i into the regions of Mexico, and imploring us
Ij to restore to them, by proper legislation, the
j lost commerce of the country, and demanding
H a reduction of the taxation, both direct and
indirect, of the people. While all these great
and urgent necessities are pressing upon us, I
want to know theopinion of the Committee on
Foreign Relations as to whether they believe
that the time has come in which we are to leave
our own shores and seek the annexation of an
island territory previous to one grand scheme
of annexation that is to so overburden and
overwhelm an overtaxsd people now as that
the ultimate result shall be beyond all the anti-
cipations of the most timid or incredulous at
this time.
No, Mr. President, if I believed that the
people demanded it; if I believed that the
necessities of the country demanded it; if I
believed that the people were able to bear it;
if I believed that it would allay internal dis-
sensions hero; if I believed it was to become
a bond that would hind closer our discordant
elements to-day; if I believed that it would
help to make us one homogeneous people;
then, sir, no word tff mine should be raised
against the scheme, here or elsewhere. Deem-
ing that it would be a firebrand in our midst,
that it has been an object of contention and
discord here, I protest against any speedy
action on this subject until it shall have re-
ceived a full and entire and satisfactory invest-
igation and report from the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD. On the !)th of December
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts sub-
milted a resolution strictly of inquiry to the
Senate, the consideration of which was objected
to, and which has not been passed upon by
the Senate up to this time. Three days sub-
sequently, on the 12th of December, the joint
resolution offered by the honorable Senator
from Indiana wasbrouglit into the Senate. The
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
is prior in point of date. Certainly by the cus-
toms of this body it is entitled to prior consid-
eration.
And there is another ground. Even suppos-
ing that the dates of these resolutions had been
reversed, and that the resolution of the Senator
from Indiana had come in first, an examination
of the contents of these two papers will show
that logically and reasonably the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts should bo con-
sidered first by the Senate, because if it is
answered, and the information called for by it
is-given to the Senate, it may well be doubted
whether there will bo any necessity or use
whatever in our passing the second resolution,
that of the Senator from Indiana. The first
resolution covers many and the chief points
embraced 
Mr. LEWIS. Will my friend give way to
allow me to call up a bill for the removal of
disabilities? It is a very important matter to
my State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Delaware yield ?
Mr. BAYARD. I-do for the purpose men-
tioned.
KEMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. LEWIS. I desire that the bill (II. E.
No. 2538) to relieve certain persons under the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States be passed by the
Senate. There is no objection to it.
TiiePRESIDlNG OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia asks unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up informally and consider the
bill named by him. Is there any objection to
the present consideration of the bill ? No ob-
jection being made, it is before the Senate as
ni Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment.
The bill proposes to relieve from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution
of the United States, by reason (^participation
in the late rebellion, the following persons:
Albert B. Chappell, of Sussex county, Virginia;
