224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Littleton il. Edwards, of Southampton count)',
Virginia ; Joel M. Temple, of Prince George
county, Virginia ; 0. M. Winston, of King Wil-
liam county, Virginia; Richard E. Thornton,
of Sussex county, Virginia ; J. D. Thornton,
of Sussex county, Virginia ; T. G. Rarham, of
Southampton county, Virginia; W. C. Rice,
of Northumberland county, Virginia; W. H.
Hudwell, of Northumberland county,Virginia;
George T. Peers, of Appomattox county, Vir-
ginia; Jackson Godbey, of Floyd county, Vir-
ginia ; W. T. Taliaferro, of Franklin county,
Virginia; Alexander C. Bickham, of Washing-
ton parish, Louisiana; Joseph H. Shue, of
Rockingham county, Virginia; John L. Cald-
well, of Washington county, Virginia ; Clifton
G. Hill, of Craig county, Virginia; John B.
Appling, of Henry county, Alabama; George
P. Kincey, of Henry county, Alabama; Wil-
liam R.. Kelly, of Henry county, Alabama; W.
E. Bradley, of Henry county, Alabama ; Alex-
anders. Cochran, of Augusta county, Virginia;
John N. Davis, of Goochland county, Virginia;
"W. K. Turner, of Nashville, Tennessee; N.B.
Jones, of Powhatan county, Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend that
bill by adding as an amendment the general
bill that was reported by the chairman of the
Committee on Disabilities, [Mr. Robertson".]
I ask to have the amendment read, and then
I desire to make some suggestions in regard
to it.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Virginia?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I will yield to
him.
Mr. LEWIS. This is a very important matter
to some of my constituents. There is no objec-
tion to the bill. Ithas been passed in theotber
House, after having been thoroughly discussed
there. I hope there will be no objection made
to the passage of the bill.
ill'. TRUMBULL. My objection, as the
Senator sees, is not to relieving these persons ;
I would relieve these and others; but I think
we have pursued this policy of bringing in bills
to relieve particular persons far enough. The
result of this mode of relieving individuals has
become purely partisan. Now, if a Republican
is elected to office in the State of Virginia, a
bill is brought in here to relieve his disabilities,
so that he may qualify and discharge the duties
of the office. Suppose a Democrat is elected,
then is it done? "Certainly not,:! some one
says. Whv not, I would ask ? Is this removal
of disabilities simply to be a removal of dis-
abilities on the part, of Republicans and not of
Democrats? I am opposed to any such legis-
lation as that.
Mr. LEWIS. Will my friend from Illinois
allow me to say that those included in this
bill are Democrats? [Laughter.] The only
persons in the bill for whom I speak nor/ are
Democrats.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President  
Mr. MORTON and others rose-
'i he PRESIDING OB'FICER. The^enator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBGLL. The fact that these are
Democrats does not change the general legis-
lation on the subject. I know that disabilities
have sometimes been removed from those who
are Democrats as well&s from Republicans. In
this particular case we are informed by the
Senator from Virginia that these persons are
Democrats. I do not know whether that is the
case with all of them. Does the Senator mean
to say that that is the case with all of them?
Sir. LEWIS. I do not know that there is a
single Republican whose nnmo is in the bill.
Mr. NYE, (to Mr. Tuoiisui.l.) Now with-
draw your objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; I have quite as
much objection to removing disabilities on par-
tisan grounds fiora Democrats as from Repub-
licans. I think that if the Senate has made it
partisan in that respect, it is a little worse, per-
haps, than it would be if it was partisan on the
other side.
Mr. LEWIS. I will say to my honorable
friend from Illinois that I am informed by my
Democratic friends that it is a mixed bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " Mixed." [Laughter.]
Then it would be less objectionable. But, Mr.
President, what has been our experience on
this subject? I have some knowledge about
these bills. This particular bill I have not
looked into; but I have some knowledge in
regard to the general character of these bills,
and I wish to state to the Senator from Virginia
what I know in reference to some of them, and
I will speak of a case that I happen to know
something about. Now I will refer to the case
in Georgia  
Mr. MORTON". I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana rises to a point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not detain the
Senate at any length. I wish to say a word
or two, and then I will give way to the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana states that he rises to a
point of order, and he is entitled to be recog-
nized by the Chair.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest that this
discussion is out of order. I call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood this bill to
be taken up without objection.
Mr. CONKLING. No; it was taken up
subject to objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Chair
to ask distinctly if there was any objection
to the consideration of the bill, and the Chair
said that he heard none, and thereupon the
bill was brought before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I think it is-rather
late on the part of the Senator from New York
to say now that that was not the case. That
is the way I understood it; I may have misun-
derstood the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. As the Senator has
alluded to me, I hope he will let me correct
him. I did not state that that was not the
ease. What I said was that the Senator from
Indiana allowed this bill to proceed informally,
and I say that now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what the
Senator from Indiana did. I understood the
Chair 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The state-
ment made by the Senator from Illinois is
entirely correct. The Chair inquired if there
was any objection to the present consideration
of this bill. No objection was made, and the
bill was taken up and is before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody denies that that
I have heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor upon the
bill.
Mr. MORTON. One word further. I inquire
if the Senator from Virginia himself did not
ask that the pending joint resolution be laid
aside informally to consider his bill, and if the
statement was not made by the Chair first in
that way: that the Senator from Virginia de-
sired to have the present resolution laid aside
informally to consider his bill. Am I correct?
Mr. CONKLING. Did he not add that it
would take but a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly; and it was on
that understanding it was allowed to come up.
Mr. LEWIS. Will my friend from Indiana
allow me a word?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. LEWIS. It is very important, that this
bill shall pass before the 1st day of January.
These persons have been elected to office, and
if they are not relieved by the Congress of the
United States it will put the people of Vir-
ginia to a great deal of trouble to go through
another election, and I do hope my friend
from Illinois will withdraw his objection and
allow the bill to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr.President, lam sorry
that the Senator from Virginia so far misunder-
stands me as to suppose that I am objecting
to the passage of the bill. I not only want to
pass it, I not only want to relieve these persons
who are elected to office, but I want to relieve
throughout the United States everybody elected
to office, with a few exceptions. I want the
relief to be general; I do not want it to bo
partisan or partial in its operation.
I recollect very well, Mr. President, in regard
to this same State of Virginia, thatwhen names
have been presented here for the removal of
their political disabilities we have been met by
resolutions adopted by political organizations,
partisan organizations, clubs, recommending
that certain persons should have their disabil-
ities removed because they were of particular
politics. I have seen such papers from the
State of Virginia. Why, sir, it has occurred
within the last week that the reason given for
removing the political disabilities of a par-
ticular person was that he was a Republican.
The Senator from Virginia cannot shut his
eyes to these statements. They are contained
in the official report of our proceedings within
a week.
Now, I think, Mr. President, instead of
removing political disabilities as we have been
doing in some of the States of the Union, we
ought to pass a general bill. Take the State
of Georgia, where there we re elected to the
Legislature persons of both political parties
laboring under political disabilities. What did
we see ? The political disabilities of one party
were removed, those of the otheis were not
removed, and they were expelled fiom the
Legislature because they could not qualify
under the fourteenth amendment. They were
rightly kept out of the Legislature ; they had
110 business there if they could not qualify
under the fourteenth amendment unless their
disabilities were removed. But when removing
those disabilities I think we should adopt tb-3
general principle of removing them from all,
or nearly all. I admit that there are some
exceptional cases, probably, where political
disabilities ought not to be removed. The
leaders of the rebellion, the men who inaugu-
rated ft, who went from this Chamber to run lie
war against the Government, ought not to be
permitted to hold office under it again : but I
think we should not extend that rule to the
great mass of the people ; and therefore I want,
to see some different rule adopted, some gen-
eral removal of disabilities, such as the chair-
man of the Committee on Disabilities reported,
and it was with that view that I offered his
bill, which he reported as an amendment to
the bill under consideration. I did not wish
to take up time, and I am sorry to have inter-
fered with my friend from Indiana, who seemed
to suppose by his efforts to get rid of this mat-
ter that I was intending to debate it at some
length. I did not; and 1 should have been
through before this if there had been no inter-
ruption.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have a single remark
to make in regard to the. statement of Uie
Senator from Illinois, that gentlemen making
application for the removal of their political
disabilities were favored if they belonged to thu
Republican party. I wish to make this state-
ment, so far as my own State is concerned, hi
regard to persons who have been relieved of
political disabilities. Only one single person
in that State, who cooperates with the Repub-
lican party has been relieved, it is true 1 h it
very few have been relieved there.
Again, 1 am a member of that committee to
which this subject in committed, the Coon.ill-
tee on Disabilities, and, so lav as I now le-
member, wo have not relieved any gentleman
from disabilities in consequence of his partici-
pation in the rebellion simply becausc he wan
