1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
named by himself, reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish "to make the same
application for Friday of next week for the
further consideration of House bill No. 2295,
being the postal code bill.
The VICB PEES ID ENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks unanimous consent that Friday
of next week, atoueo'clock, be assigned for the
consideration of the bill^H. R. No. 2295) to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department. Is
there objection ?
Mr. CORBET']'. I object.
Mr. NYU, 1 shall not ask it now, but before
"we adjourn I shall ask the Senate to give me
an evening, which [ shall name, to consider
the Sutro tunnel bill.
distkict business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now proceed to the consideration of bills
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia as they shall be called up by the
chairman of that committee, [Mr. Patterson.]
Mr. PATTERSON. There are several bills
on the Calendar which I wish to have taken up
and postponed indefinitely. The first is the
bill (S. No. 31) to amend and consolidate the
several acts establishing and relating to a
Metropolitan police of the District of Colum-
bia. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that that bill
be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I now move to lake
up Seuate joint resolution No. 231, with a view
of disposing of it in the same way.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 231)
relative to certain turnpikes in the District of
Columbia
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, this joint resolution will be indefinitely
postponed. That order is made.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 149, and I ask to have
the same action upon it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 149) for the relief of the poor of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the joint
resolution be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 301, and I desire the same action
upon it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 361) to
secure equal rights in the public schools oi
Washington and Georgetown.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent this bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that bill continue on
the Calendar awaiting action on the other
nni. There is another bill of more general
character.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 611 with a view of having the
same action upon it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. oil) to
repeal the charter of the Medicial Society of
the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire desires that this bill be
iudelinitely postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I cannot consent to
that.
Mr. PATTERSON. Then let it remain on
the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it
acted upon.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should prefer to take
op-some other bills first, because that will lead
to discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar. •
Mr. PATTERSON. I now move to take
up Senate bill No. 543, for the suppression
of drinking-houses and tippling shops, and to
regulate the sale of intoxicating liquors in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. What does the Senator
move on that bill?
Mr. PATTERSON. That it be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh.no; I object to that.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to have that bill
considered; and I give notice to the Senator
that I shall desire to have it considered to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it -will remain
on the Calendar.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 560.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 560) to
incorporate the National Paving Company of
Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
mary a. elliot.
Mr. PATTERSON. I now move to take up
House joint resolution No. 472 for action.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 472)
for the relief of Mary A. Elliot. The United
States, by this joint resolution, surrender, aban-
don, and forever release in favor of Mary A.
Elliot all right or claim they may have by
reason of any escheat to lot No. 11, in square
No. 406, in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
lot of gi10und for public schools.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 1277.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 1277) amending
an act entitled "An act directing the con-
veyance of a lot of ground for the use of the
public schools of the city of Washington." It
authorizes the mayor, board of aldermen, and
board of common council of the city of Wash-
ington to sell and convey part of lot No. 14, in
square No. 253, being particularly described as
follows, to wit: beginning at northwest corner
of that lot and thence running south thirty-six
feet nine inches, thence east fifty-five feet four
inches to east line of s~id lot, thence north
thirty-six feet nine inches, thence west t,o place
of beginning; the proceeds of the sale to be
invested by the corporation of Washington in
another lot or part of lot in the city, and in
improvements thereon, the property so pur-
chased to be used for the purpose of the pub-
lic schools and lor no other purpose; and the
conveyance of the corporation ot the property
is to vest in the purchaser an absolute and
perfect title.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to amend,the
bill bv striking out all after the word " pur-
pose," in the fifteenth line, in the following
words:
And the conveyance of the said corporation of the
property hereinbefore described shall vest lu the
purchaser thereof an absolute and perfect title.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend- j
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. j
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. j
washington dime savings-bank.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 1086.
The motion was agread to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1086) to incorporate the Washington City
Dime Savings-Bank of the District of Colum-
bia was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The corporators are John L. Rob-
erts, D. W. Bliss, Thomas C. Connolly, L.
Hine, John R. Elvans, John T. Johnson,
Phil. H. Welch, Robert Downing, Reuben B.
Clark, Zenas C. Robbins, Ben. F. French,
George Cowie, Thomas L. Tullock, Brainard
H. Warner, and H. B. Croggon.
Mr.PATTERSON. I moveto amend the bill
in section four, line eleven, by inserting alter
the word " estate " the words "worth twice the
amount of the loan;" so that the clause will
read:
Or loaned on a pledge of any of said fund?, or
invested in lands on mortgages of real estate worfii
twice the amount of the loan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move further to
amend the bill in section eight, line three, by
striking out the word " returns" and inserting
the word "report."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. In the twelfth line of
the eighth section I move the same amend-
ment, to strike out the word "return" and
insert the word " report."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I noticed in the reading
of the bill that it allows this bank to invest
its funds in the stock of any bank. The ques-
tion in my mind is whether it should not be
confined to national banks. Otherwise, they
might be invested in a private bank or some
banking institution which had no security.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will accept that
amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I move to insert the
word "national" before the word "bank."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
see any necessity for that amendment; and
while 1 am on the floor allow me to remaik
further that I do not see the necessity of
entering upon the consideration of any ot these
bills at this time. These are general bills to
affect this District. The territorial bill has
passed both Houses, and is now in the hands
of a committee of conference; and yet we
undertake to legislate here on subjects that
will belong exclusively to the government to
be formed under that territorial bill. I think
this system of general legislation ooght to be
deferred, at ail events until we see the action
of Congress upon that bill.
The honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire knows generally the condition of that bill.
He is a member of the conference committee.
He knows what will be done with it. I do not
know what may be done w ith it. But if there
is a probability of the passage of that bill by
Congress there is no occasion lor any ot the
legislation contemplated by any ot these meas-
ures now before this body. On the contrary,
there is every reasou why nothing should be
. done. If the people of the District ot Colum-
bia are to govern themselves in their local
matters let them do so. They ean begin in a
few weeks. These measures are not pressing,
Some of the measures that are to be considered
by us to-day I know are obnoxious to ttie peo-
ple of the District of Columbia. If we intend
to give any virtue to that territorial govern-
ment let us do so. Let us not trammel thera
by any hasty legislation. Let them attend to
their own affairs, if we contemplate that they
shall do so.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have had the territorial
bill under consideration, and have had these
other bills under consideration; they have
considered the whole matter which the Senator
has spoken of. and in thejudgmentofthe cotn-
> mittee these bills should be acted upon. So
