1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
a dance of blood. It is a new step in a meas-
ure of violence. Several steps have already
been taken, and Congress is now summoned
to take another.
Before I proceed with the merits of this
question, so far as such language can be used
■with reference to it, and as I see the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in his seat, I wish
to answer an argument of his yesterday. He
said that the resolution was simply one of in-
quiry, and that therefore there could be no
objection to it. I was astonished when I heard
one of his experience in this Chamber and his
familiarity with legislation characterize this
simply as a resolution of inquiry. The Sen-
ator is mistaken. It is a resolution creating
three offices under the Constitution of the
United States, offices contemplated in the Con-
stitution itself, and specially mentioned by
name in the act of 1856 to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United States.
I read the firgt section of that act, as follows:
"That embassadors, envoys extraordinary, and
ministers plenipotentiary, ministers resident, com-
missioners, and charges d'affaires, and secretaries of
legation, appointed to the countries hereinafter
named in schedule A shall be entitled to compensa-
tion for their services, respectively, at the rates per
annum hereinafter specified; that is to say, embas-
sadors and envoys extraordinary and ministers plen-
ipotentiary, the full amounts specified therefor in
said schedule A: ministers resident and commission-
ers, seventy-five per cent."
Now, sir, by this joint resolution the Presi-
dent is authorized to appoint three " commis-
sioners," and also a " secretary," the latter to
be versed in the English and Spanish languages,
to proceed to the island of San Domingo, and
to inquire into, ascertain, and report certain
things. I say this is a legislative act creating
three new offices, and the Senator says that it is
simply a resolution of inquiry. Let me put a
question to the Senator. Suppose a joint res-
olution were brought forward authorizing the
appointment of three commissioners to proceed
to England in order to ascertain the condition
of United States securities and the possibility
of finding a market there ; according to the
suggestion of the Senator it would be a reso-
lution of inquiry only. Would he allow it to
pass without a reference to the Committee on
Finance ? Would he not say that it opened a
most important question, which should be con-
sidered by the appropriate committee?
The Senator is too experienced to be put
aside by the suggestion that may be brought
forward .that the commissioners shall serve
without compensation except the payment of
expenses. Does this alter the case ? With-
out those words in this joint resolution the gen-
eral diplomatic law would take effect, and it ■
would at least be a question if they would not
be entitled to the salary of $7,500 per annum.
And yet a resolution of this character, creating
three new offices, is called simply a resolution
of inquiry ! Sir, the Senator is mistaken ; and
his mistake in this matter illustrates other mis-
takes with reference to the important subject
now before the Senate.
It is proposed that these commissioners shall
serve without compensation. Is that right? Is
not the laborer worthy of his hire ? If they are
proper men, if among them is that illustrious
professor, my much honored friend, who has
been referred to already, Mr. Agassiz, is it right
to expect him to give his invaluable services
without compensation? The requirement that
the service shall be of this kind wiil necessarily
limit it either to the rich or to the partisan. It
does not open a free field to talent, to fitness,
to those qualities so important to proper service
on the commission.
I hope that the Senator will reconsider his
judgment, that he will see that we cannot treat
the pending proposition with the levity—he will
pardon me—with which he treated it. Sir, it is
something more than a resolution of inquiry.
It is a serious measure, and it begins on its
face by an affront to the Constitution of the
United States, which expressly declares that
the President "shall nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint embassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls;" but by this resolution he is to
appoint them without the advice and consent of
the Senate; and yet this resolution is accepted
by my honorable friend, theSenatorfrom Ohio.
The Senator, it seems to me, has not com-
prehended the object of this resolution. To
my mind it is plain. It is simply this: it is
to commit Congress to the policy of annexa-
tion. I insist upon this point: the object of
the resolution, and I will demonstrate it, is to
commit Congress to the policy of annexation.
Otherwise, why is the resolution introduced?
The President does not need it. Under his
general powers he is authorized to appoint
agents, if he pleases, to visit foreign countries,
and he is supplied with a secret-service fund
by which their expenses may be defrayed.
The President does not need this resolution.
It is an act of supererogation so far as he is
concerned, and it is also contrary, so far as I
am informed, to the precedents of our history.
Agents of an informal character, informaHy
called commissioners, and not acting under
any statute, have been appointed in times past
by the Executive. I have a memorandum
before me of several occasions. In 1811-12
the President dispatched Mr. Poinsett and Mr.
Scott to Buenos Ayres and Caracas to ascer-
tain the condition of those two countries with a
view to the recognition of their independence.
In 1817 he dispatched Mr. Bland, Mr. Rodney,
and Mr. Graham to Buenos Ayres again, and
also to Chili; and in 1820 he dispatched Mr.
Prevost and Mr. Forbes for the same object.
The reports of those gentlemen will be found
spread out at length in the State papers of our
country, printed by the authority of Congress;
but you will search in vain through your stat-
ute-book for any lawor jointresolution creating
the commission. It was constituted by the
President himself, with the assistance of the
Secretary of State, and it was the Secretary
of State who communicated their report to
Congress.
Therefore do I say this resolution, as it now
stands, is entirely unnecessary. The President
has all the power it pretends to give. He may,
if he sees fit, appoint agents, calling them any
name that he pleases, calling them commis-
sioners; calling them embassadors, perhaps,
if he will; though this might raise a constitu-
tional question; but he may appoint agents to
any extent, of any number, to visit this island
and report to him with regard to its condition.
He may give in charge to his agent all the mat-
ters specially named in this resolution. All
these he may write in their commission; and
when they return he may, as was done in other
days, communicate their report to Congress.
Therefore do I say the resolution is_ abso-
lutely unnecessary; and I call the attention of
my honored friend, the Senator from Indiana,
who champions this resolution, to this special
point. I ask him to show its necessity; I ask
him to show any good purpose it «an serve; I
ask him to show why it is brought forward on
this occasion unless it be to commit Congress
to the policy of annexation. Sir, I stand on
this position ; and 1 say, knowing the powers
of the President under this G overnment, know-
ing the practice of this Government, that this
resolution is completely superfluous, and that
its single purpose, so far as one can see any
purpose in its terms, is to commit Congress to
what I shall show in a very few moments is a
most unjustifiable policy.
Sir, others may do as they please; others
may accept this policy; I will not. I have
already set myself against it, and I continue
now as firm against it as ever. The informa-
tion which I have received since our discus-
sions last year has confirmed me in the conclu-
sions which I felt it my duty then to announce.
In now presenting those conclusions^ I beg
to say that I shall forbear, from considering
whether the territory of Dominica is desirable
or not; I shall forbear from considering its
resources, even its finances, even its debt—
menacing as I know it is to the Treasury of our
cou ntry—except so far as that deb t is connected
with the relations with Hayti. At some other
time these other topics will be proper for con-
sideration. "For the present I prefer to confine
myself to grounds on which there can be no
debate.
I object to this proposition, because it is a
new stage in a measure of violence, which, so
far as it has been maintained, has been propped
by violence ever since. I use strong language,
but only what the occason requires. As a Sen-
ator, as a patriot, I cannot see my country suf-
fer in its good name without an earnest effort
to save it.
The negotiation for annexation began with
a person known as Buenaventura Baez. All the
evidence, official and unofficial, shewshim to be
a political jockey. But he could do little alone ;
he had about him two other political jockeys,
CazneauandFabens ; and these three together,
a precious copartnership, seduced into their
firm a young officer of ours, who entitles him-
self "aid-de-camp to the President of the
United States." Together they got up what
was entitled a protocol, in which the young
officer entitling himself aid-de-camp to the
President proceeded to make certain promises
for the President. Before I read what I shall
of this document, I desire to say that there is
not one word showing that at the time this
"aid-de-camp," as he called himself, had any
title or any instruction to take this step. If he
had, that title and that instruction have been
withheld; no inquiry has been able to pene-
trate it. At least the committee which brought
out the protocol did not bring out any such
authority. The document is called "a pro-
tocol," which 1 need not remind you, sir, is iu
diplomatic terms the first draft of a treaty, or
the memorandum between two Powers in which
are written down the bases of some' subsequent
negotiation; but at the time it is hardly less
binding than a treaty itself, except, as you are
well aware, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States it can receive no final obligation
without the consent of the-Senate. This docu-
ment begins as follows:
"The following bases, which shall servo for framing
o definitive treaty between thelTnited States and the
Dominican republic, have been reduced to writing
and agreed upon by General Orville E. Babcock, aid-
de-camp to his Excellency General Ulysse3S. Grant,
President of the United States of America, and his
special agent, to the Dominican republic, and Mr.
Manuel Maria Gautier, secretary of State of the
departments of the interior and of police, charged
with the foreign relations of the said Dominican
republic."
Here you see how this young officer, under-
taking to represent the United States of Amer-
ica, entitles himself "aid-de-camp to his Ex-
cellency General Ulysses S. Grant, President of
the United States of America, and his special
agent to the Dominican republic." Sir, you
have experience in the Government of this
country ; your post is high, and I ask you do
you know any such officer in our Government
as "aid-de-camp to his Excellency the Presi-
dent of the United States?" _ Does his name
appear in the Constitution, in any statute, in
the history of this Republic anywhere? If it
does, your information, sir, is much beyond
mine. I have never before met any such in-
stance. I believe this young officer stands
alone in using this lofty designation. I be-
lieve, still further, that he stands alone in
the history of free Governments. I doubt
whether you can find a diplomatic paper any-
where in which any person undertaking to rep-
resent his Government has entitled himself
aid-de-camp of the chief of the State. The
two duties are incompatible according to alt
the experience of history. No aid-de-camp
would be commissioned as a commissioner;
and the assumption of this exalted and excep-
tional character by this young officer shows at
leasthis inexperience in diplomacy. However,
he assumed it; and it doubtless produced a
great effect with Baez; Cazneau, and Fabens,
