1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
The bank may loan, on Bnch personal security
as the board of directors may approve, to an
amount not exceeding one half of the whole
amount then on deposit in the bank; and all
other loans of deposit shall be secured by
mortgage on unincumbered real estate within
the District of Columbia, or upon United
States, State, or municipal bonds, to an extent
not exceeding two thirds their market value
at the time.
Mr. PATTERSON. T move to amend the
bill in sectioh six, lines six, seven, and eight,
by striking out the following words:
Estate within the District of Columbia, or upon
United States, State, or municipal bond*, to an extent
not exceeding two thirds their market value at the
time.
And to insert:
Estate within the Districtnf Columbiaof twice the
value of the Joan, or by pledge of United States,
Stale, or municipal bonds as collateral security,
whose market value at tbe time shall exceed by fifty
per cent, the amount of the loan.
So that the seetiou will read:
That the said bank tbay loan, on such personal
security as th« board of directors may approve, to an
a mount not exceeding one half of the whole amount
then on deposit in said bank; and all other loans of
deposit shall be secured by mortgage on unincum-
bered real estate within tbe District of Columbia of
twice the value of the loan, or by pledge of United
fctates, State, or municipal bonds as collateral secur-
ity, whose market value at the time shall exceed by
fifty per cent, ttie amount of the loan.
The amendfheut was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
reform; school.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 1108.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1108) relating to the Reform School of
the District ot Columbia was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out all a(ter the enacting clause and to insert
the following in lieu thereof;
That tho board of trustees of tbe Reform School
of the District of Columbia shall cause monthly
accounts to be rendered to the mayors of Washing-
ton and G^oigetown, and the president of the levy
coui t of tbe county of Washington, for the expenses
ot such boys as have been sent to the Reform School,
by competent, authority, from the two eities men-
tioned, respectively, and from said county of Wash-
ington, and tor which the said citie3 and county are
respectively h.ible to paj $1 50 per week. And the
amount due lroin the cities, respectively, and from
said county, shall be p^id on demand: and if not
paid within ten diiys from the time such accounts
are presented tor payment, they shall draw interest
thereon at the rate of ten per cent, per month until
paid.
Sec. 2. be it further enacted, That hereafter
any boy und r sixteen years of age, who is destitute
ot a home or means of support, or who i=? idle and
incorrigible, or wandering about uncared for by rel-
atives or friends, and whose paren's, if he has any,
ftie unable to pay the expense of bis support at the
Reform School, may be sent to the said school by the
judge of the police court.tho mayor of Washington,
if he shall be found in that eity, or the mayor ot
(Georgetown if he shall be found there, or the pres-
ident of the levy court if foaad in the county, to re-
main in said school until he is tWeilty-one years of
age, unless sooner discharged by the board of trus-
tees of said school; and the expenses of such boys
so sentshall bepaidas inthecases of boys sent there
by the criminal or police court.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted^ That every boy
sent to the Reform School shall remain therein until
be is twenty-one years of nge, unless sooner dis-
charged by the board of trustees; but no boy shall
he retained after the superintendent shall have
reported him fully reformed.
SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall entice or attempt to ©ntiee away from said
school any boy legally committed to the same, or
shall harbor, conceal, or aid in harboring or con-
cealing, any boy who shall have eseajped from said
school, such person shall, upon conviction thereof,
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall pay
a fine of not les* than ten nor more than one hun-
dred dollars, which shall be paid to the treasurer of
thebwird of trustees. And any trustee, or the super-
intendent of said school, and any policeman, shall
have power, and it is hereby made their duty, to
arrest any boy, when in their power sfr to do, who
shall have escaped from said school, and return him
thereto,
8kc. 5. And he. it farther enacted. That the sum of
$10,000 be, andthesattie is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to defray the ordinary expenses of said Ke-
lorui School for the year ending June 30,1872, to be
expended under the direction ot the Secretary of the
interior; one half of this sum to be refunded by the
ci ties of Washington and Georgetown and the county
of Washington in the proportions of tour and one
half for Washington city, one for Georgetown, and
one half of one for the county of Washington.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$K>,000 be. and the same is hereby, appropriated for
the purpose of erecting upon that portion of the Gov-
ern mcnt farm lying in the District of Columbia a
building ft>r the use and occupation of the Reform
School, according to plans and estimates submitted
by the supervising architect to the Secretary of the
Interior: Provided, That the building shall notcost,
when completed, more than the sum hereby appro-
priated, the money to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from hie nOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by ilr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. H.
No. 285) in favor of Joshua Bishop, late com-
mander United States Navy.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion, iti which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (EL R. No. 2973) for the relief of
Thomas B. Valentine ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 499) author-
izing the Farmers' National Bank of Fort
Edward, New York, to change its location and
name.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following concurrent
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed five thousand
extra copies of the report of tbe commissioner ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury " to exam-
ine ami report upon the trade between the United
States and the provinces of Canada;" two thousand
for the use of the House, one thousand for the use
of the Senate, and two thousand for distribution in
the provinces.
indians of southern superintbndencr.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and Home of Representatives :
I transmit herewith an extract of a paper ad-
dressed to the President, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and tho Commissioner of Indian Affairs, by
the committee of Friends on Indian affairs, having
charge of the northern superintendency, in relation
to a desire of certainlndian tribes to sell a portion of
the lands owned by them, with a view of locating on
other land's that they may be able to purchase, to-
gether wtfh a report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs thereon, and a letter of the Secretary of
the Interior Department approving the report of
the Commissioner. I submit tho draft of a bill
which has been prepared, and which it is believed
will elfect the object desired by the committee, and
request the consideration thereof by Congress.
U. S. (JKAXI.
Executive Massion, I%hruam 8,1871.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the message
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Itidiau Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
public! schools in the district.
Mr, PATTERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 1244.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1244) regulating the organization and con-
duct of the public schools in the District of
Columbia was considered as in Committee
of the Whole,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is a matter
of legislation for the new territorial govern-
ment when it is organized.
Mr. PATTERSON, I do not understand
why my friend from Kansas is in such haste.
To-day was set apart for the business of the ,
District of Columbia. This bill is a bill which
has had more consideration than all the Other
bills that came before the committee. For
myself, I feel great interest in it. I think if
the bill i3 passed it will give to us a found-
ation for a system of sehools in this District
such as we have never had, and it is very
much needed.
Mr. POMEROY. My understanding was.—
I think I was mistaken, however—that we were
to consider to-day the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing Votes of the
two Houses on the bill relating to the organ-
ization of a territorial government in this Dis-
trict. I supposed that was the business for to-
day. I thought that would supersede this little
petty legislation for one thing and another in
this District. The reason why I proposed to
support that measure was that it gave the peo-
ple of this District an opportunity to legislate
for themselves. But now, instead of that, we
are passing bills creating private corporations ;
we aregoing into the details of legislation which
certainly belongs to that government, if we are
going to inaugurate it; and as both Houses
have agreed to the bill substantially excepting
the amendments, which are in the hands of
the conference committee, I think we ought to
leave every subject to that government that is
proper for that government to have control of.
That is why I am opposed to this legislation.
Mr. PATTERSON. I regret that the Sen-
ator from Kansas was mistaken. He was,
decidedly. It was not the intention of the
committee or of the Senate, as I understand
it, to take up that report of the committee of
conference, because it has not yet been made.
To-day was set apart for the consideration of
business from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, which we are now proceeding to
do, and I trust my friend will allow us to pro-
ceed until we get through with it. I have a
couple more bills, and then he may have the
floor if he wants it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia report a
substitute for the pending bill, and if there be
ijo objectiou the reading of the original bill
will be dispensed with,
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and to insert the
following in lieu of the matter stricken out:
That for the purpose of assuring impartial and
free-school privileges to every child between the
ages of six ami seventeen years, in the District of
Columbia, all subjects relating: to the purchase, pos-
session, and sale of sites, erection, repair, and fur-
nishing of houses,the purchase of the necessary sup-
ply of fuel, and of books, libraries, chart®, and ap-
paratus for illustration; the training, qualifications,
employment, and pay of teachers; the admission and
dismissal of pupils, the selection of text-books, and
all questions relating to tho establishment, organ-
ization, classification, gradation, instruction, super-
vision. and government of the free publicsehooisof
the District of Columbia, shall be, and are hereby,
committed to the exclusive control of the board of
education of the District of Columbia, whit-h shall
be, and is hereby, constituted a body-corporate, with
power to sue and be sued, and to receive and hold
and dispose of real and personal property, and le-
ceive and disburse all moneys appropriated by l.tw
or intrusted to them by private individuals for edu-
cational purposes, a* herein provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That said board
of education shall be composed of eighteen members,
citizens of said District, of whom twelve shall be resi-
dents of the city of Washington, and three shall be
residents of the city of Georgetown, and three shall
he residents of the county of Washington not in-
cluded in the limits of the above cities i and said
members shall be appointed by the President, on tbe
recommendation of the United States Commissioner
of Education, within ten days after the passage of
this act; for the city of Washington four for a term
of three years, four for a term of tiro years, and four
for a term of one year; and for the eity of George-
town one for a term of three y«arst and one for a
term of two years, and one for a term of one year;
and for the county outside said corporations one lor
a terra of threeyears, and one for a term of two years,
and one for a term of one year; said terms to begin
on and be calculated from the 1st day of January,
1871, and all members shall serve until their suc-
cessors are duly appointed and qualified, and each
member shall take the oath prescribed bv the law
of tho United States for officers in the civil service;
tnd hereafter annually, during the month of Deeera-
er, thfc President, as heroin provided, shall appoint
