1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25)
gance and corruption. We have for two days
past been engaged in giving largesses for the
building up of little cities, for improving some
little harbors, for dredging little rivers, for
propping up the Falls of St. Anthony, and for
every imaginable object; and to-day we have
turned this Government into an institution for
charity and eleemosynary purposes, so that
day by day and year by year we are drifting
farther and further from the objects of the
founders of the Government.
Now, I have no confidence in the ability of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, [Mr. Dawes,] nor in the ability of all
the members of that committee, however capa-
ble or industrious they may be, nor in the
House itself, nor in the committees and the
members of the other branch of Congress, to
successfully resist the extravagant estimates
presented to .them by the heads of bureaus, or
the schemes of the hordes who flock around
these Chambers and about the Departments,
and who will continue to do so as long as you
have a plethora of money in the Treasury.
I hold that the legislation of this whole ses-
sion conclusively proves that there is but one'
mode of introducing economy in the expend-
itures of this Government, and that it is neces-
sary to begin to stop the supplies. You have
absolutely failed to do it in your appropriation
bills. Your promises of retrenchment and
reform have been and will continue to be
broken, so that you will be forced to cut down
your tariffs and your excises. You must not
give the bureaus of the various Departments,
each of which thinks its little world occupies
the greater share of the public attention and
care, the idea that there is money in the
Treasury for every possible scheme. I tell
gentlemen 011 the other side that if they will
not strike at the root of this evil the country
will send those here who will. An empty
Treasury does not excite cupidity. To pre-
vent extravagance and corruption, take away
the stimulus and the means of gratifying the
plunderers which an overflowing Treasury
affords. By reducing external and internal
taxes 1 would reduce the revenues of this
country at least $150,000,000, as the only
means by which this Government can be
brought back to economy and the objects for
which it was founded. I now withdraw my
amendment.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BI5ATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (9. No. 710) to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (II. 11. No. 2998) to establish certain
post roads.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The question recurred upon the motion af
Mr. Lawiiunok to strike out the words "rent
of hospital buildings" in the clause relating to
the Freedmen's Hospital and Asylum.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all debate on
the pending paragraph be now closed.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Lawrence ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 54, noes 01; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lawrence
and Mr. Welkeii were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 70, noes 6-4.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
.Mr. HOAR and Mr. SHANKS called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordereij.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that strik-
ing out these words strikes out this whole par-
agraph, because 
Mr. WOOD. I call the gentleman to order ;
debate has been closed on this paragraph. ^
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas70, nays 108, not voting
62; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Booker, James Brooks,
Burr, Calkin, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Crebs,
Dockery, Dox, Duke, Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Pox,
Getz, Griswola, Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Harnili, Hawkins, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis, Manning, Marshall,
Mayliam, McNeely, Mereur, Eliakim II. Moore,
William Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Price, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Scliu-
maker, Sherrod, Shobcr, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles,
Strader, Trimble, Van Auken. Van Trump, Wells,
Wilkinson.Williams, Eugene M.Wilson,Winchester,
Witchor, Wood, Woodward, and Young—70.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Atwood, Bailey,
IBanks, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Blair, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Conger,
Cowles, Cullom. Darrall, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon, Donley, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Garfield, Giltillan, Hale, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawley, Hays, Ileflin, Hill, Hoar, Julian,
Kollcy, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash,
Long, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy. McCrary, Mc-
Grcw, McKee, Jesse II. Moore, Morey. Morpbis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers. Neg-
ley, O'Neill, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter,
Prosser, Rainey, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scoiield. Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,. William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Staikweather, Sto-
•vens. Stevenson. Stokes, Stoughton. Strickland,
Taffs, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Wiliard, John T. Wilson, and
Wolf—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Ax-
tell. Ayer, Bamum, Barry, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bethune, Bingham, Bowen, Boyd, Burchard, Cake,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Corker, Cox,
Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Fitch,
Gibson, Hay, Ilogc, Holmes, Hooper, Hotohkfss. In-
gersoll. Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones. Judd, Kel-
logg, Knott, Logan, Loughridge, McCormick, Mc-
Kenzie, Milnes, Morri&sey. Newsbam, Niblack, Wil-
liam W. Paine, Potter, Porter Sheldon, Slocum,
John A. Smith, Stone, Strong. Swann, Sweeney,
Sypher, Tanner. Van Horn, Voorhees, Wallace,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Whitmorc, and
Winans—62.
So the amendment of Mr. Lawrence was
not agreed to.
bills afproved.
A message from the President of the United
States, communicated to the House by Mr.
Porter, one of his secretaries, announced
that the President had approved and signed
bills of the following titles :
An act (H. 11. No. 1351) prescribing the form
of the enacting and resolving clauses of acts
and resolutions of Congress and rules for the
construction thereof; and
An act (H. R. No. 2805) supplementary to
an act to reestablish the Departmentof Justice.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I now renew the amend-
ment which I suggested awhile ago, to insert
this clause: "for inclosing Lincoln square
with au iron fence, $10,000." This improve-
ment is recommended by General Michler,
the officer who has charge of the Government
improvements in this city. I call the atten-
tion of the House to the locality of this square,
which is at the junction of Massachusetts ave-
nue, North Carolina avenue, Kentucky ave-
nue, and Tennessee avenue. 1 do not wish to
consume the time of the House by dwelling
further upon this matter.
Mr. WELKER. Is there not now a good
wooden fence around Lincoln square ? Will
not everything be taken care of if the present
ioclosur.e is continued?
Mr. MAYNARD. A gentleman near me
states that the inclosureis decayed and falling
down. Improvements of this kind should be
permanent. La Layette square several years
ago, I think within three years, certainly since
the war,was provided with a new wooden fence,
but we have found ourselves obliged to remove
it and substitute an iron fence.
Mr. WELKER. I think there is now a very
good fepce jirpund Lincoln square.
Mr. DAWES. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted; and I call for the vote.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To indemnify the States for costs and eharges. and
expenses properly incurred by them, for enrolling,
subsisting, &c., troops for the defense of the United
States during the late insurrection, $6,000,000.
Mr. CULLOM. I make the point of order
on that paragraph that there is no law author-
izing it, and therefore it ought not to bo
entertained in this appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
of any law authorizing it; and if there be
none, he will be compelled to sustain the point
of order.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not think there is any
law authorizing it.
Mr. DAWES. If permitted, I will state the
facts of the case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know that we
tried to get a law to indemnify the States, but
were unsuccessful in getting it through. I am
pretty sure there is no such law.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, on the 27th
of .Tuly, 1861, Congress passed an act to indem-
nify the States for expenses incurred in defense
of the United States. Let us see what that act
provided. It declared "that the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to the Governor of any
State, or to his duly authorized agents, tho
costs, charges, and expenses properly incurred'
by such State for enrolling, subsisting, cloth-
ing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and
transporting its troops employed in aiding to
suppress the present insurrection against the
United States, to be settled upon proper vouch-
ers to be filed and passed upon by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury." While
that law stood unrepealed there was a contin-
uous appropriation to pay the accounts author-
ized to be settled % that law. But last year
the Committee on Appropriations reported a
section which cut off all continuous appropri-
ations, and among others this one. It was
then provided that all acts and joint resolu-
tions, or parts thereof, and all resolutions of
either House of Congress, granting extra com-
pensation or pay "be, and the same are hereby
repealed, to take effect on the 1st of July,
1870." Then comes the portion to which I
wish particularly to call the attention of the
House. It is prorided that all appropriations
made under certain named acts or resolutions
should be repealed, to take effect after June
30, 1871. The several acts and joint resolu-
tions were enumerated, and among them was
the one to which I have alluded. It repeals
so much of the law of 1861 as made continu-
ous appropriation for this purpose. While the
Secretary of the Treasury is going on under
that appropriation to adjust these accounts,
we find that we have repealed tlie appropria-
tion to satisfy them. This is to supply the
deficiency under the estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. Is that the ground upon
which the gentleman from Massachusetts re-
sists the point of order?
Mr. DAWES. That is the ground upon
which this appropriation has been made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not wish to say
anything on that, if the Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWES. This is to pay accounts
authorized under the law of 1801, the appro-
priation for which was repealed last year.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not hold
that the statement of facta by the gentleman
from Massachusetts changes his judgment in
reference to the point ot order; and lie lias
less hesitation in sustaining the point of order
because no other class of appropriations can
secure readier opportunity for separate con-
sideration than those in which all the States are
interested.' No appropriation should stand
more on its own merits in a single bill than
