228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2L,
the three confederates. They were doubtless
pleased with the distinction. It helped on the
plan they were engineering.
The young aid-de-camp then proceeds to
pledge the President as follows:
"X, His Excellency General (Iron*, President of
the United States, promises privately to use all his
influence in order that the idea of annexing the
Dominican republic to the United States may acquire
such a degreeof popularity among members of Con-
gress as will bo necessary for its accomplishment."
Shall I read the rest of the "document? It
is.somewhat of the same tenor. There are
questions of money in it, cash down, all of
which must have been particularly agreeable
to the three confederates. It finally winds up
aa follows :
41 Done in duplicate, in good faith, in the city of San
Dominso, the 4th day of the month of September,
A. D.18U9.
ORVILLE E. BABCOCK.
MANUEL MARIA GAUTIER."
In " good faith," if you please, sir.
I have heard it said that Orville B. Babcock
did not write " aid-de-camp" against his name
at the bottom of this protocol. This was not
necessary. The designation of a person in
such documents always appears at the begin-
ning; as, for instance, in a deed between two
parties, the party signs it, and in signing it he
recognizes the designation.
Therefore we have here a "protocol," so
entitled, signed by a young officer who enti-
tles himself "aid-de camp of his Excellency,
the President of the United States," and who
promises for the President that he shall pri-
vately use all his influence in order that the
idea of annexing the Dominican republic to
the United States may acquire such a degree
of popularity among members of Congress as
will be necessary for its accomplishment.
There was the promise; Senators about me
know how faithfully the President has fulfilled
it, how faithfully he has labored, privately and
publicly, even beyond the protocol—the pro-
tocol only required that he should work pri-
vately, privately and publicly, in order that j
the idea of annexing the Dominican republic i
should be agreeable to Congress. " i
The young officer, aid-de-camp of the Pies- 1
ident of the United States, with this important j
and unprecedented document in his pocket, re- !
turned to Washington. Instead of being called
to account for this unauthorized transaction,
pledging the Chief Magistrate to use his influ-
ence privately with Congress in order to cram
down a measure that the confederates justly
supposed to be offensive, he was sent back to ,
this island with directions to negotiate a treaty..
I would not allude to that treatv if it had*
not been made the subject of discussion by
the President himself in his annual message.
You know it._ The treaty itself is not on your
tables legislatively; it has never been commu-
nicated legislatively to Congress. The other
House, which may be called to act upon this
important measure, can know nothing of that
treaty, and what we know of it we cannot speak
of even in this debate. We can simply speak
of its existence, for the President himself has
imparted that to Congress and to the country.
Ike treaty exists; and now the practical ques-
tion is by what means was it negotiated? I have
described to you the three confederates who
seduced into their company the aid-de-camp
of the President; and now I have to aver, and I
insist that the evidence will substantiate what
I say, that at the time of the signature of the
treaty of annexation Baez was sustained in
power by the presence of our naval force in the
waters of the Dominican Government. Go to
the documents, and you will find that what I
say is true. Confer with naval officers, confer
with honest, patriot citizens who know the case,
and they will all testify that without the pres-
ence of our ships of war in those waters Baez
would have been obliged to flee-
f:'-This is not all, sir; I broaden this allegation,
thver since the signature of the treaty, and
especially since its rejection, Baez has been
sustained in power by'tho presence of our
naval force. Such I aver to be the fact.jf I
state it with all the responsibility of my posi-
tion and with full conviction of its truth. 1 ask
you, sir, to do as I have done; go to the State
Department and Navy Department and read
the reports there on file. I ask you to read
documents printed confidentially for the use
of the Senate, and I feel sure that what I state
will be found to be substantially true. I ask
you also to confer with any naval officer who
has been there, or with any patriot citizen. I
have had the privilege during this summer
of communicating with two different officers
who were there at the signature of the treaty
and for some time thereafter, and they made
the same report, that without the presence of
our navy Baez would have been obliged to
flee.
Sir, this is a most serious business. Noth-
ing more important to the honor of the Repub-
lic has occurred for long years. How many
of us now are hanging with anxiety on the
news from Europe ? There stand matched in
(feadly combat two great historic foes, France
and Germany, France now pressed to the wall;
and what is the daily report ? That Bismarck
may take Louis Napoleon from liis splendid
i prison and place him again on the throne of
j France that he may obtain from him that
treaty of surrender which the republic never
will sign. Are we not all indignant at the
thought? Why, sir, it was only the other day
that a member of the Cabinet, a much honored
friend of mine, at my own house, in con-
versation on this question, said that nothing
could make him more angry than the thought
tfiat Bismarck could play such a part, and :
■ that France might be despoiled by this device.
And now, sir, this is the very part played by
the American Government. Baez has been j
treated as you fear Bismarck may treat Louis j
Napoleon. You call him " presidentthey!
call him down there "dictator;" better call j
him "emperor," and then the parallel will be I
complete. lie is sustained in power by the
I Government of the United States that he may
I betray his country. Such is the fact, and I
j challenge any Senator to deny it. 1 submit
| myself to question, and challenge the Senator
i from Indiana, who, as I have already said,
champions this proposition, to deny it. I chal-
lenge him to utter one word of doubt of the
proposition which I now lay down, that Baez
is maintained in power by the naval force of
the United States, and, that being in power,
we seek to negotiate with him that he may sell
his country. It cannot be denied. Why, sir,
the case has a parallel in earlier days 
Mr. MORTON rose.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to give one more i
illustration, and then the Senator may inter- '
fere. It has a parallel in earlier days, when
the British Government selected the king of
the Mosquitoes as their puppet on the margin
of Central Americat They called the Indian
chief king, and actually sent to him certain
" regalia " and other signs of royal honor, and
then acting under him, or pretending to act
under him, they claimed the jurisdiction of
that region. Are we not now treating Baez in
some measure as England treated the Mosquito
king?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. If this commission go down
there they can return an answer to all these
broad statements of the Senator, whether they
are true or not. The Senator understands
that; but I wish to ask him if he does not
know that in answer to all this that he is talk-
ing about it has been urged that ail parties !
in San Domingo, whether they are for Baez J
or Cabral, or whoever they are for, aie fur !
annexation? If that is tiuc, ail this is utterly 1
immaterial except as something thrown in to !'
obscure this subject before the public. I aver—
and the commission will show it—that all par- j!
tieo, whether against the Ha''/, government or il
for it, are equally for annexation, and if that
is true all this is frivolous.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I alluded
yesterday to the late prime minister of Franco,
who said that he accepted war "with a light
heart." The Senator from Indiana speaks in
the same vein. He says that my allegation is
"frivolous." Sir, never was there a more
important allegation brought forward in this
Chamber. Frivolous! Is it frivolous when I
see the flag of my country prostituted to an
act of wrong? Is it frivolous when I see tiie
mighty power of this Republic degraded to an
act of oppression? Nothing frivolous ■
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you say as to
the point, what are the wishes of the people of
that country?
Mr. SUMNER. Let me finish ; I was inthe
midst of a sentence.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to apologize to my
distinguished friend from Massachusetts. I
understood him to challenge ijjquiry, and I
asked him therefore in a friendly way to state
to us the point that the Senator from Indiana
made to him as to what he believed the senti-
ments of the people there to be.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator interrupted
me in the midst of a sentence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I apologize
and subside.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing to
yield to the Senator if he wishes to speak, and
I will speak when he is through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Byno means. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts challenged anybody
to ask him a question, and I in my own way
ventured that very thing, and my friend, m
stead of answering it, flies into a passion
because I did so.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; I said the Sen-
ator interrupted me while I was answering the
Senator from Indiana, and in the midst of a
sentence. I had proposed to proceed still fur-
ther if I can have the permission of my excel-
lent friend, the Senator from Vermont. I was
remarking on the charge of frivolity-—perhaps
the Senator wishes me to finish on that head .
I had not finished. I say that there is nothing
frivolous in the suggestion ; I say that it is
grave. It is too grave ; it is oppressive to this
Government and this country. The Senator
from Indiana asks, why not send out this com-
mission? He always comes back to his com-
mission, "Why not send these men out?" I
say, why; send them out when we now have in
the archives of this Republic evidence that this
very man is sustained in power by the naval
foree of the UnitedStates ? Can you send out a
commission under such circumstances without
making yourself a party to the transaction ?
And now I answer still further. The Senator
asks if I am not aware that all persons there
are iu favor of annexation, and the inquiry i-;
repeated by my friend, the Senator from Ver-
mont. I answer categorically, no; I am not
aware of it. I understand the contrary. 1 have
at least as good information as any accessible
during the last week, and it is not four days
old, Just to the contrary. There are two
chieftains in Dominica—one the political jockey
with whom our Government has united'and is
now sustained in power by our naval force, and
the other is Cabral, who, as I have been assured
by one who is bound to be well informed, rep-
resents the people of his country. Some time
ago Cabral favored the sale of the bay of
Samana to the United Stales; but I have been
assured that he has never favored annexation
to the United States. I am assured that hi-'
poItC} is to bring the two Governine'its ot
Dominica and I lay ti once more together, as
they were down to the rcvohition'Jaiid w;ir
which lasted iroin to jh
the uncertain independence of tile Dominican
part of the island.
Now, I have answered calegorieaiiv- the in-
quiries of my two fuends. The ev.denc:;,
1 have it, is not that these two chicl'taius aiv
agreed. On the contrary, there is between t he in
