1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. DAWKS. The appropriation for thia
year is a little less than that for last year.
Mr. MAYNARD. No; it is more. It is
$660,000, and last year it was only $640,000.
Mr. DAWES. My friend inquires when the
Coast Survey will cease. Let me inquire of the
gentleman when the extension of our coast
will cease? About the time of the last appro-
priation we added eleven thousand miles of new
coast to the United States, and we are march-
ing forward toward taking in new coast all the
time; I do not dare to say how much, but my
friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenokes] sug-
gests three thousand miles. Sir, in all seri
ousness, the coast of the United States must
be surveyed or the commerce of the United
States is periled every hour. We are obliged,
■when we open ports in Alaska and on the
northwestern coast, to have a survey made of
the coast or expose to destruction the whole
commerce of the nation that tends to those
points.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nakd] has before him the report of the Coast
Survey. If he can find where one dollar has
been improperly expended he will point it out.
Along all the coast of the United States, with all
the shiftings of the soundings upon that coast,
North and South, and with the fact that during
the rebellion changes along our southern coasts
were being made all the time, we had to re-
open the harbors of the southern States and
remove those obstructions. We called upon the
Coast Survey to proclaim to the world where
a ship could safely sail or moor itself when it
approached the coast to unload its burden.
Yet my friend from an inland State doe# not
seem to comprehend the importance of this
survey to commerce, and through commerce to
civilization and the growth and prosperity of
the whole land which is bound up in the suc-
cess and perfection of the survey of our coast
from the extreme North to the extreme South,
along the Atlantic, and also up the Pacific
coast and around by the icebergs of Alaska.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment, and I desire to move another amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] has not yet ad-
dressed the House on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
give way to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] as I prefer to reply to him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move another amend-
ment to strike out the last two words for the
purpose of saying that the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] give
us an idea of the general and vague impres-
sions upon which these appropriations are
from time to time made. I hold in my hand a
report of the Coast Survey made by Professor
Bache, who was the former superintendent of
the Coast Survey. The report was made in
1857. In that report he says:
"It is estimated that with tho same means pro-
Tided for the last two years the fieUl-work on the
Atlantic and Gulf coasts may bo essentially com-
pleted in nine to eleven years."
Then he goes on to make statements about
the then condition of the work, as follows:
"Section I. Ftjpui Passamaquoddy bay to Point
Judith, including the coast of the States of Maine, New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Rhode Inland.—This
section is more than half (six tenths) done, and may
be finished, the triangulation in eight years and the
topography and hydrography in lrom ten to twelve."
& t * S a ■!- *
"Section XI. From Point Judith to Cape TIenlopen,
including the coast of Connecticut, New York, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, and part of Delaware.—This 13
essentially completed. A part of tho rivers andsome
revision work remain, all of which will be completed
incidentally, as parties are available for other por-
tions of the work/'
" Section III. From Cape Eenlopen to Cape Henry,
including the coast of a part of Delaware, Maryland,
andpart of Virgin ia.—This is more than three fourths
(eight tenths) done, and the remaining operations
are generally of a class resembling those of the last
section, and with certain leading ones steadily pro-
vided for, will be executed as parties are available/'
" Section IV. From (hps Henry to Cape Fear, includ-
ing part of the coast of Virginia and North Carolina.—
This section is rather more than half done, including
the land and water work. The preliminary trian-
gulation of the outer coast is finished, and more than
one third of the interior triangulation. The topog-
raphy of the coast and of more than two thirds of the
interior sounds is done. The triangulation of Pam-
lico sound, with its rivers, with average suecess. will
take five years; but there is at present no party
available for it. The hydrography should be com-
pleted in seven to ten years at the present rate. The
most dangerous parts of this coast have been done,
and if there were a special object in doing so, this
section could easily be pushed to completion earlier;
but three others will need the resources more in
order to bring them up to time." * * * *
" Section V. From Cape Fear to St. Mary's river,
including part of the coast of North Carolina, and the
coast of South Carolina and Georgia.—This section is
nearly half (four tenths) done. With the number of
parties now engaged .there it may be completed in
seven years." *******
" Section VI. From St. Mary's river to St. Joseph's
bay, including the eastern and part of-the western coast
of Florida, and the Florida reefs and keys.—This sec-
tion is about one fourth done if we estimate by ex-
tent, and more If we take the importance of the work
executed into consideration; and if the present rate
of appropriation is continued, can readily be fiuished
in ten years." 1 * « * * ■  %
" Section VII. From St. Joseph'sbay to Mobile bay,
including pari of the coast of Florida and Alabama.—■
This was the last section commenced, and it is per-
haps between one sixth and one fifth done. It will
require additional force to push it through in ten
to twelvetyears. This may probably be had, as the
Atlantic sections require fewer parties to bring them
to a close; but I cannot foresee positively yet. Good
progress has been made since we commenced this
work in 1852." * * * * * * *
"Section VII. From ^Mobile bay to Vermilion bay,
including the coast of Mississippi and part of Louisi-
ana.—Tins was the first commenced on the Gulf, and
is between one third and one half done. There are
two centers of operation; and with the present
means there can be no difficulty in essentially com-
pleting the work within ten years." * * * *
"Section IX. From Vermilion bay to the southwest-
ern boundary, including part of the coast of Louisiana
and coast of Texas.—This section was commenced
soon alter section eight, and the coast has less of
dotail work needed that any other on the Gulf. It is
now more than one third done, and can readily be
finished with the present force m ten years."
Now, there was no war from Passamoquaddy
bay to Point Judith. This service has been
going on there all the time, for in this document,
bearing date 1870, we find it stated that such
and such work was done from Passamoquaddy
bay to Point Judith. And we have no assur-
ance now that the work is any nearer done than
it was in 1857, when Professor Bache reported
that it would all be done in from ten to twelve
years.
The war did not break up this work; it is
still going on with the same appropriations,
and with increased appropriations, as I have
shown, almost fifty per cent, greater for the. last
four years. In 1857 and 1858 our appropria-
tion for this purpose was only $450,000, while
in this bill we have an appropriation recom-
mended of $666,000; and we are told that even
that is not enough. Now, this work has been
done by other countries. It has been done by
England. She has furnished the world with
charts of her coasts; not only of the islandsof
Great Britain and Ireland, but of her islands
and dependencies all over the globe. Yet we
have been at work here ever since 1807, about
sixty-four years; but where are our charts?
How much has been done even on the coast
which was then so much known as that to
which I have referred, the north Atlantic
coast? It is not on the Gulf, mainly, that
this work has been done; it is on the North
Atlantic. The work has been going on year
at'ter year, and from appearances it promises
to continue in perpetuity.
So far is this bureau from making such re-
ports as wiil enable ns to see the expenses of
the work, that this manuscript is all that 1 have
been able to obtain in that direction ; and this
relates nott o the year just passed, but the year
preceding. All that we bave with reference
to the last year is these two pages which
gentlemen will find by looking at the docu-
ment. The last Coast Survey report which
has been printed, a report just received in
that form, is for 1867. The whole business
is managed in such a manner that I defy any
gentleman to find by reference to printed doc-
uments any satisfactory information in regard
to the present state of the work. This matter
ought to be placed in such a position that
the Representatives of the people may know
where this annual appropriation of $500,000
is going.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] intimates that, as I reside in the inte-
rior of the country, I am not to be supposed to
know anything about the coast. I suppose
that in the sea-board town of PittsSeld, in the
Berkshire highlands of Massachusetts, [laugh-
ter,] they know all about sea-faring matters,
and coasts, and coast surveys. I bow to the
superior knowledge of the gentleman. I ad-
mit that salt water does not flow past my door;
yet somehow I have an impression that men
can get knowledge of some parts of the world
other than those where they reside year after
year.
Now, what we wish to accomplish is such a
survey of the coast that vessels navigating to
and fro will know where they can do it with
safety, where they can enter or go out without
danger of meeting obstructions. So f$r as
the Coast Survey accomplishes this result it
accomplishes the purpose for which it was cre-
ated ; but so far as it goes beyond that, into
ornamental, pictorial, and illustrative science,
its work is adventitious and foreign to the pur-
pose for which this bureau was created.
The gentleman asks me to show him any un-
necessary expenditures. As we advance in the
consideration of these items I shall, perhaps,
take occasion to point out some which seem to
me to be in a coast survey quite superfluous.
The question now is as to the amount of money
that we ought to devote to this work. In regard
to the progress and condition of the work, I
have here statements of Mr. Bache, made in
stronger terms than those which I have already
cited:
" The work is certainly more than half done on
the Atlantic and Gulf coasts; and the appropriations
now mado secure every year a much more consider-
able rate of progress than in the averageof the past
years." * 111 * * The survey is essen-
tially a temporary work, and its whole organization
is adapted to that idea."
[Here the hammer fell.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had reconsidered the vote rejecting the bill
(H. R. No. 1582) authorizing terms of the Uni-
ted States court to be held at Helena, Arkan-
sas, had passed the same with an amendment,
adding to the title the words "and for other
purposes," in which amendment the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
to oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] I would
not trouble the House had I not myself expe-
rienced during the war, on a ship which I was
on board of, the value of the coast survey. I
am able from personal knowledge to show the
gentleman not only why the coast survey has
not been finished, but why it never will be
finished as long as the winds blow, and the
watersflow, and the sands drift. For instance,
in the principal entrance to Albemaile sound
there was in 1857 eleven feet of water, and
there had grown up there a town of consider-
able business ; but in the course of a few years,
by reason of the shifting of the sand, that chan-
nel became so filled up that in 1862 vessels
drawing six feet of wat^r could not enter. A
new inlet entirely opened at Hatteras, which is
now, and has been for ten years, the principal
inlet of those sounds.
Again, sir, my friend from Tennessee says
that in 1857 they agreed to finish the work in
eight years; but he does not know, and he
ought not to know, for he is in the interior of
the eouatry, that the whole Coast Survey squad-
ron was taken off the work and sent down to
