230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
gress. I read important words from the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States
in a well-known case, Brown vs. The United
States, which will be found in 8 Oranch's Re-
ports, page 153:
" When the legislative authority has declared war
the executive authority, to which its execution is
confided, is to carry it into effect."
If Congress had declared war against this
feeble republic, then it would have been the
part of the Executive to carry that declaration
into effect; but until then what right had our
Executive to do this thing? None which can
be vindicated by the laws of our country, none
except what is found in the law of force.
This outrage by our Navy upon a sister
republic is aggravated by the issue which the
President of the United States in his annual
message has directly made with the president
of Hayti—mark my words—the issue which the
President of the United States has directly
made with the president of Hayti. Of course,
sir, the President of the United States when
he prepared his message was familiar with a
document like that which I now hold in my
hands. I have what is entitled "The Moni-
teur, official journal of the republic of Hayti,"
under date of Saturday, the 24th of Septem-
ber, 1870, containing the message of the presi-
dent of Hayti addressed to the National Assem-
bly. It is divided into sections or chapters,
with headings, not unlike a message or docu-
ment in bur own country. And now, sir, listen
to what the president of Hayti in this annual
message says of the project of annexation,
and then in one moment listen to the issue
which the President of the United States has
joined with this president; I translate it liter-
ally:
"The project of annexation of the Dominican part
has been rejected by the American Senate. The
anxieties which this annexation caused to spring up
have been dissipated before the good sense and the
wisdom of the Senate at Washington."
Of course the President of the United States
was intimate with this document. He could
not have undertaken to launch his bolt against
this feeble republic without knowing at least
what their president had said. I will not do
him the wrong to suppose him ignorant. His
Secretary of State must have informed him.
He must have known the precise words that
President Saget had employed when he said that
the anxieties caused by this annexation were
dissipated before the good sense and wisdom of
the Senate at Washington. Our President joins
issue with President Saget; he says that the
rejection of the treaty was a " folly." There
you have it. The president of one republic
calls the rejection an act of " good sense and
wisdom the President of the United States
calls it an act of "folly." Am I wrong? Let
me read from the message of our President:
"A large commercial city will spring up, to which
we will he tributary without receiving correspond-
ing benefits, and then will bo seen the folly of our
rejecting so great a prize."
{ There you have it. President Saget and
President Grant; President Grant speaking
with the voice of forty million, and this other
president who has only eight hundred thousand
people, all black.
If the President of the United States had
contented himself with thus joining issue with
the president of Hayti I should have left the
two face to face; but not content with making
this issue, the President of the United States
proceeds to menace the independence of Hayti.
Sir, the case is serious. Acting in the spirit
of his commodore, he nine times over makes
this menace. I have the message here, and
now I shall substantiate what I say. The part
relating to this subject begins :
"Duringthe last session of Congress a treaty for
the annexation of the republic of San Domingo to
the United States failed to receive therequisitetwo-
tbirds vote of the Senate."
Here he speaks of the rejection of the treaty
for the annexation of Dominica. Then he pro-
ceeds to demand the annexation of the whole
island. I read as follows :
" I now firmly believe that themomentitis known
that the United States have entirely abandoned the
project of accepting as a part of its territory the
island, of San Domingo a free port will be negotiated
for by European nations in the Bay of Samana."
I say nothing of the latter part of the prop-
osition ; I leave that to the judgment of the
Senate; but here you have a proposition for
the whole island of San Domingo. The Sen-
ate have rejected a treaty for the annexation
of the republic of San Domingo.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will not inter-
rupt me now. I shall finish this statement
presently, and then he may interrupt me.
Having thus laid down his basis proposing the
annexation of the whole island, the President
then proceeds to his second menace :
"The acquisition of San Domingo is desirable
because of its geographical position."
He has already described it as " the island
of San Domingo," and it is desirable because
of its geographical position, an argument as
applicable to Hayti as to Dominica. Then he
proceeds to the third menace:
"San Domingo, with a stable government, under
which her immense resources can be developed, will
give remunerative wages to tens of thousands of
laborers not now upon the inland."
Mark the words;" not now upon the island!''
It is the island always in view!
Then comes the fourth menace :
"San Domingo will become a large consumer of
the products of northern farms and manufactories."
It is the whole island.
Then, again, the fifth:
"The acquisition of San Domingo is an adherence
to the Monroe doctrine."
While nothing in that place is said of the
whole island, of course those words are neces-
sarily associated with the previous words.
Then comes the sixth menace:
"In view of the importance of this question, I
earnestly urge upon Congress early action express-
ive of its views as to the best means of acquiring
San Domingo."
Referring back, of course, to what he has
already said. Then he proposes a commission
to negotiate a treaty "with the authorities of
San Domingo/or the acquisition of that island,
and that an appropriation be made to defray
the expenses of such commission."
And he winds up by the ninth menace:
" So convinced am I of the advantages to Sow from
the acquisition of San Domingo," &e.
Thus nine times 
Mr. MORTON rose.
Mr. SUMNER. Not quite yet. The Sen-
ator will take notice when I,have done with
this point, and then he shall have the floor.
Nine times in this message has the President,
after joining issue first with the president of
Hayti—nine times has he menaced the in-
dependence of the Haytien republic. Some
remarkable propositions at times are received
with nine cheers. Here is a menace nine
times over; and throughout the whole of that
San Domingo column, written with so much
intensity, we are called to consider commer-
cial, financial, material advantages, and uot
one word is lisped of justice or humanity, not
one word of what we owe to the neighboring
republic of Hayti, nine times menaced.
Mr. MORTON rose.
Mr. SUMNER. I know what my friend from
Indiana is about to say, that all this is acci-
dental in the message. This is hard to believe.
Nine accidents in one column 1 Nine acci-
dents of menace against a sister republic I
There is a maxim of law which I was taught
early and have not entirely forgotten, that we
are bound to presume that every document is
executed solemnly and in conformity with
rules. Sir, we are bound to believe that the
President's message was carefully considered.
There can be no accident in a President's mes-
sage. A President's message is not a stump
speech. It is not a Senate speech. It is a
document, every line of which must have been
carefully considered, not only by the President
himself, but by every member of his Cabinet.
There are Senators here who have been famil-
iar with messages in other years and know how
they have been prepared. I have one in my
mind which within my knowledge occupied the
consideration of the Cabinet three full days;
I think four, if not five ; every single sen-
tence in the message being carefully consid-
ered, read by itself, revised, sounded with the
hammer, if I may so express myself, like the
wheels on a railroad car, to see that it had the
true ring. Of course the message of a Presi-
dent of the United States must go through such
an examination. I will not follow the Senator
from Indiana in doing the injustice to the Pres-
ident of supposing that his message was ill con-
sidered ; that it was not carefully read over with
his Cabinet; that every sentence was not de-
bated ; and that these words were not all finally
adopted as expressing the sentiments of the
President by which he wished to stand.
History is often said to repeat itself. More
or less it does. It repeats itself now. This
whole measure of annexation, and the spirit
with which it is pressed, find a parallel in the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, and in the Lecomp-
ton constitution, by which it was sought to sub-
jugate a distant Territory to slavery. The Sen-
ator from Indiana was not here during those
days, although he was acting well his part
at home ; but he will remember the pressure
to which we were then exposed; and now we
witness the same things—violence in a distant
island, as there was violence in Kansas : also
the same presidential appliances; and, shall I
add, the same menace of personal assault?
In other days, to carry a project, a President
has tried to change a committee. It was James
Buchanan. And now we have been called this
session to witness a similar endeavor by our
President. He was not satisfied with the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations as constituted for
years. He wished a change. He asked first
for the removal of the chairman. Somebody
told him that this wonld not be convenient.
He then asked for the removal of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] and he was told
that this could not be done without affecting
the German vote. He then called for the
removal of my friend the Senator from. New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] who unhappily
was not a German. It was finally settled that
this could not be done.
I allude to these things reluctantly and only
as part of the case. They illustrate the spirit
we are called to encounter. They illustrate
the extent to which the President has fallen
into the line of bad examples.
Sir, I appeal to you, as Vice President. By
official position and by well known relations
of friendship you enjoy opportunities which I
entreat you to use for the good of your country,
and, may I add, for the benefit of that party
which has so justly honored you. Go to the
President, I ask you, and address him frankly
with the voice of a friend to whom he must
hearken. Counsel him not to follow the ex-
ample of Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan,
and Andrew Johnson; tell him not to allow
the oppression of a weak and humble people ;
ask him not to exorcise War Powers without
authority of Congress, and remind him kindly
that there is a grandeur in Justice and Peace
beyond anything in material aggrandizement,
beyond anything in war.
Again I return to the pending resolution,
which I oppose as a new stage in the long-
drawn machination. Am I wrong in holding
up this negotiation, which has in it so much
of. violence—violence toward Dominica, vio-
lence toward Hayti? Of course the proposed
treaty assumed the civil war pending in the
territory annexed. No prudent man buys a
lawsuit; we should buy a bloody lawsnit. I
read now the recent testimony of Mr. Hatch,
