1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
who, while in favor of annexation, writes as
follows, under date of South Norwalk, Con-
necticut, December 12, 1870:
"I hare not, however, looked with favor upon
the project as it has been attempted to bo effected:
and I firmly believe if' we should receive that terri-
tory from the hands of President Baez, while all the
leading men of the Cabral party, the most numer-
ous, the most intelligent, and the wealthiest, are in
prison, in exile, or m arms against Baez, without
their having a voice in the transfer, it would result
in a terrible disaster."
Be taught, if you please, by the experience
of Spain, when in 1800 this Power, on the
invitation of a predecessor of Baez, undertook
to play the part we are asked to play. Forts
were built and troops were landed.- By a docu-
ment which I nowliold in my hand it appears
that when at last this Power withdrew she had
expended forty millions of hard Spanish dol-
lars and " sacrificed sixteen thousand of the
flower of her army." From another source I
learn that ten thousand Spanish soldiers were
buried there. Are we ready to enter upon this
bloody dance? Are we ready to take up this
bloody lawsuit?
Vain to set forth, as the message does, all
manner of advantages, " commercially and
materially." What are these if Justice and
Humanity are sacrificed ? What are these
without that priceless blessing, Peace? I am
not insensible to the commercial and material
prosperity of my country. But there is some-
thing above these. It is the honor and good
name of the Republic, now darkened by an act
of wrong. If this territory, so much coveted
by the President, were infinitely more valuable
than it is, I hope the Senate would not be
tempted to obtaiu it by trampling on the weak
and humble. Admit all that the advocates of
the present scheme assert with regard to the
resources of this territory, and then imagine
its lofty mountains, bursting with the precious
metals, its streams flowing with amber over
silver sands, where every field is a garden of
the Hesperides, blooming with vegetable gold,
and all this is not worth the price we are now
called to pay.
There is one other consideration, vast in
importance and conclusive in character, to
which 1 allude only, and that is all. The island
of San Domingo, situated in tropical waters
and occupied by another race, never can be-
come a permanent possession of the United
States. You may seize it by force of arms
or by diplomacy, where a-naval squadron does
more than the minister; but the enforced juris-
diction cannot endure. Already by a higher
statute is that island set apart to the colored
race. It is theirs by right of possession ; by
their sweat and blood mingling with the soil;
by tropical position ; by its burning sun, and
by unalterable laws of climate. Such is the
ordinance of nature, which I am not the first
to recognize. San Domingo is the earliest of
that independent group, destined to occupy
the Caribbean sea, toward which our duty is
plain as the Ten Commandmeuts. Kindness,
beneficence, assistance, aid, help, protection,
all that is implied in good neighborhood, these
we must give, freely, bountifully; but their
independence is as precious to them as is ours
to us, and it is placed under the safeguard
of natural laws which we cannot violate with
impunity.
Long ago it was evident that the great Repub-
lic might fitly extend the shelter of its protec-
tion to the Governments formed in these trop-
ical islands, dealing with them graciously,
generously, and in a Christian spirit—helping
(hem in their weakness, encouraging them in
their trials, and being to them always a friend ;
but we take counsel of our supposed interests
rather than theirs, when we seek to remove
them from the sphere in which they have been
placed by Providence.
I conclude as I began: I protest against
this resolution as another stage in a drama of
blood. I protest against it in the name of
Justice, outraged by violence ; in the name ot
Humanity insulted; in the name of the weak
trodden down ; in the name of Peace imper-
iled, and in the name of the African race,
whose first effort at Independence is rudely
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am pre-
pared to proceed now with the few remarks I
have to make, unless it be the desire of the
Senate to take a recess. . I trust we shall con-
clude this subject to-night. If it is the desire
of the Senate to take a recess I will go on
afterward.
Mr. P0MER0Y. I think we had better have
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Indiana if he will not allow me to make an
effort, without at all interfering with the pres-
ent business, to pass the sugar bill. I feel the
importance of it for this reason, that unless
that bill passes to-day or to-morrow morning
it will affect some four hundred and fifty car-
goes of suga? that are now in port. I trust,
therefore, that I shall be allowed to call-up that
bill and have it disposed of. I will promise
whenever the Senator from Indiana desires to
resume the floor to give way to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana grant his consent to the
request of the Senator from Ohio, or does he
still claim the floor?
Mr. MORTON. I am willing to yield if it
meets the approval of the Senators who are
acting with me in supporting this resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the Senator from
Ohio try his bill for five or ten minutes, and if
he cannot get through we can resume this
resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I am willing to yield, sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana yields, and if there be no objection
the pending question will be informally passed
over, and the Senator from Ohio moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
sugar bill. Is there objection ?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects. It can only, therefore, be
taken up by postponing the resolution now
before the Senate by a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to discharge
my duty, and I therefore submit the motion
that the pending resolution be laid aside with
the view to take up the sugar bill; and I will
state at the same time that if there is a determ-
ined opposition to this bill, and Senators are
willing to take the responsibility of defeating
it, I will not stand further in the way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now no
motion in the Senate by which a bill can be
passed over. There are only the motions known
under the eleventh rule, to postpose indefinitely
or to postpone to a day certain. The Senator
from Ohio, if the Senator from Indiana con-
sents, moves to postpone the farther consider-
ation of the Dominican joint resolution for
the purpose of considering the sugar bill, the
Senator from Maryland objecting to its being
passed over informally.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that will not be done
by vote, because that will displace the resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
make a motion to resume the consideration of
it when the sugar bill shall be disposed of; but
if the sugar bill should be taken up on motion
it would have priority.
Mr. POMEROY. We can pass the sugar
bill this evening after the pending resolution
is disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a matter in which
my constituents have as little interest as those
of any other Senator. I simply wish to relieve
myseif from the responsibility which I tell the
Senate rests on our action to-day. I trust,
therefore, that the Senate will allow the matter
to be taken up and a vote to be taken upon it,
and have it disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
desires unanimous consent he should appeal
to the Senator from Maryland, who was the
only Senator objecting.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that
the pending resolution be postponed with a
view to consider that bill; and if it is taken up
I will agree to yield the.floor at any time that
the Senator from Indiana desires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana is now technically on the floor,
although he has yielded for this conversation.
If he yields for that purpose, the Chair will
put the question on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio. The Senator from Ohio moves
to postpone the further consideration of the
Dominican joint resolution for the purpose of
considering the sugar bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. Now, before it is too
late, let us know tbe effect of this vote. Sup-
pose that motion prevails, will the Chair hold
that it is within the power of the Senator from
Indiana of his own motion to demand the
resumption of the consideration of this resolu-
tion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not so hold. If he is required to enforce the
rules strictly he will decide that it will require
a motion to proceed to the consideration of
the Dominican joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have said that I would
yield whenever he desired me to do so.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course I understand
that the Senator from .Ohio would yield, but
tbe suggestion I make to him is that it would
be beyond his power to control the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a majority in the
Senate in favor of both measures.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the Senator
from Ohio says that if this motion is carried, to
take up the sugar bill, he will, whenever I desire
it, himself make a motion to lay the sugar bill
on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will, at any time when
the Senator says so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
then, is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the con-
sideration of this bill, the Senator from Louis-
iana moves that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. KELLOGGt I must demand the yeas
and nays, because there are nominations that
ought to be acted upon.
;j The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
li taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 39 ; as follows:
j! YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Hamilton
!I of Maryland. Harris, Johnston, Itellogsr, McCreery,
[I Robertson, Schurz. Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
N man, Tipton, and Vickerb—16.
'j NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
!' low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
I! ling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamil-
l1 ton of Texas, Hainlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell, Mor-
! rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
I Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Bice,Saw-
i yer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull,
i Warner, Willey, Williams, and Yates—39.
, ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron. Cattell,
i Fenton,Perry, Fowler, Gilbert, Howard, Lewis, Jlc-
|| Donald, Morrill ofMaine, lloss.Saulsbury,Spencer,
j Wilson, and Wmdom—16.
'I So the motion was not agreed to.
'| DUTIES ON SUGAR.
I The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
!i resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
!j No. 2530) to amend an act entitled "An act
|i to reduce internal ta^es, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870.
'! Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer an amend-
i ment to this bill, the only effect of which is
to reduce the present rates on sugar one half.
It is to strike out from the sixth to the nine-
teenth lines, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following :
On all sugar not above No. 7 Dutch standard in
color, one and three auarter cents per pound.
■ On all sugar above No. 7 and not above Iio. 10
■ Dutch standard in color, one cent per pound.
