1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
merely a compilation of charts and surveys
with matters of that sort. It does not belong
here. If such works are worth publishing,
they will get published by private enterprise;
and if they are not worth publishing by private
enterprise, they are not worth publishing at
all. I trust we shall not start out here with a
system of publications to enable persons who
desire to make for themselves a high personal
reputation for proficiency in some branch of
science, to make this report the vehicle and
conduit of communicating, at the public ex-
pense, their thoughts to the public. I think
in any event my amendment ought to prevail.
[Cries of " Vote !" " Vote 1"]
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it wan not agreed to.
The following paragraph was read :
For extending the triiingnlation of the coast sur-
vey so as to form a geodetic connection between the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the United States, in-
cluding compensation of civilians engaged in tho
work, $15,000 : Provided, That the triangulation
shall determine points in each State of the Union
which shall make requisite provisions for its own
topographical and geological surveys.
Mr. DAWKS. I move to add at the end of
the paragraph just read "for continuing sur-
veys of the northern and northwestern lakes,
$175,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GILFILLA.N. I move to amend by
adding after the amendment just adopted the
■words "for topographical survey of the oil
regions of Pennsylvania the sum of $5,000."
Mr. DAWES. 1 raise the point of order
on this amendment that it proposes new legis-
lation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
For navy-yards:
For navy-yard nt Portsmouth, Now Hampshire :
repairs of nil kinds, $75,000; permanent improve-
ments, $75,000.
Mr. FAltNSWORTII. I move to amend
by striking out in the clause just read the
•words "permanent improvements, $75,000."
I make this motion for Ihe purpose of raising
the question whether, when we are now dis-
cussing in Congress the propriety of disposing
entirely of our navy-yards, we should piovide
for permanent improvements of these yards.
In the next paragraph I see an item for per-
manent improvements at the Brooklyn navy-
yard, although a bill is now pending in this
House for the sale of that yard. Now, is it
good policy for us to provide for permanent
improvements (which I take to be the erection
of new buildings, <fee ) until Congress shall
have determined what shall be done with these
navy-yards? I do not propose to strike out
tho clause making appropriations for repairs ;
my motion is confined to the clause with refer-
ence to permanent improvements.
Mr. DAWES. If theCommittee on Appro-
priations could have been assured of any defi-
nite action by Congress which would diminish
the number of our navy-yards they would have
been very glad to conform the appropriations
to that idea. I>uL although it is true tbat there
is pending iu this House a bill to remove the
Brooklyn navy-yard, to which bill there have
been offered amendments to include the navy-
yards atCharlestown and Portsmouth, yet the
committee did not feel justified in assuming
that those propositions will ever become the
law, nor even that this House desires that they
shall. If we eould have any assurance to that
effect we would acquiesce in the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois; but the gentle-
man must himself be aware that there is not
only a very strong opposition to the abandon-
ment of those yards, but a very strong pres-
sure, which he will see manifested iu a few
moments, to increase the expenditures for the
development of our various yards. If we
could see our way clear to omit the appropria-
tions for permanent improvements 1 should be
glad to do it.
Mr, LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnswobth] might very
consistently propose his amendment with ref-
erence to the Brooklyn navy-yard, because
we have pending in the House a bill for abolish-
ing that yard, that bill having been reported
by the Committee 011 Naval Affairs, and re-
ceiving the support, I believe, of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations. I
believe, however, that there is no proposition
for abolishing the navy-yard at Portsmouth.
On the contrary, it is proposed by the Navy
Department to enlarge that yard, and the Gov-
ernment has, within two or three years, pur-
chased an island contiguous to that yard for the
purpose of increasing its dimensions—a meas-
ure which, as I have said, the Navy Department
favors. None of the reasons which have been
urged by the Secretary of the Navy in favor of
removing yards from large cities apply to this
yard. The navy-yards at Portsmouth and
Charlestown are the only two yards east of
Cape Cod. They protect our whole eastern
sea-coast between Cape Cod and Cape Sable.
It would not, I suppose, be seriously proposed
to abolish all the navy-yards upon that line of
sea-coast while the great naval depot of Great
Britain on this continent is at Halifax. I sup-
pose such a measure would not be seriously
proposed by any military authority. Gentle-
men in this House will propose anything. They
would propose to abolish the Army and Navy
of the United States, and would discuss the
proposition seriously. But neither the Secre-
tary of the Navy nor any military authority in
this country would ever propose to leave the
whele sea-coast between Cape Cod aud Cape
Sable exposed while the great naval depot of
Great Britain on this continent is at Halifax.
Mr. L0G AN. 1 would like to make a single
inquiry. The gentleman's language is cer-
tainly very strange to me when he speaks about
leaving the whole sea-coast exposed for want
of navy-yards. I would like him to tell me
what protection a navy-yard is to the coast or
to anything else? I presume that the vessels
constructed at the yards may be a protection ;
but the yards themselves are no protection; in
fact, they must be protected.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, whenever a
proposition comes up here to increase or im-
prove our fortifications along the coast gentle
men tell us that we must depend on our navy-
yards for protection, and not on our fortifi-
cations ; and whenever a proposition comes
up looking to the increase of our Navy or
to supporting our Navy as it is, they get up
and tell us we must rely upon these fortifica-
tions for our defense. These navy-yards have
been established upon sites selected after the
most careful investigation by naval and mili-
tary officers, and they should neither be dis-
continued nor their locations changed with-
out like investigation. I am in favor of the
appointment of a commission of competent
naval and military officers to examine and
report upon this whole subject. Until such an
examination is made and all the facts reported
to us we cannot act understanding^ in regard
to tho matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman from
Maine makes another strange proposition at
the outset. He proposes that the appropria-
tions for the Brooklyn navy-yard shall be
stricken out and appropriations made fornavy
yards in all the other sections of the country.
Now, sir, there must be one general policy in
reference to all these navy-yards in order to
satisfy the country. Congress must say that
all the navy-yards are not necessary, or else
there is no good reason why one navy-yard,
and that the most important in the whole coun-
try, should be singled out. And when the mat-
ter was under discussion in the House it is re-
markable the course that was pursued. Some
gentlemen insisted that the Brooklyn navy-yard
should be stricken out because of economy and
that all of our navy-yards should be abolished,
and that we should go into the 'open market to
purchase vessels where we could get them far
cheaper than to build them in our own navy-
yards. If that argument were good it should
go to the striking out of all the navy-yards.
On the other hand, gentlemen who advocated
the keeping up of these navy-yards seem to
be very anxious that the Brooklyn navy-yard
appropriation should be stricken out, so that
they might divide her garments by lot between
League Island on the one hand and New Lon-
don on the other.
Mr. LYNCH. I am not favoring the aboli-
tion of the navy-yard at Brooklyn. I only
stated that there was such a bill reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, providing
for the sale of'the Brooklyn navy-yard, and that
that proposition was supported by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I had no opportunity
then, nor would I now bat for this motion, to
say a word on the subject. Gentlemen are
willing enough to strike out the Brooklyn
navy-yard, because they suppose that those
other yards at League Island and New Lon-
don will come in for their share of the gar-
ments of the Brooklyn navy-yard. To bo
sure there is some small claim on the part of
League Island, because Congress has substan-
tially adopted that as the site of a navy-yard,
while on the part of Now London: there is no
part of a claim whatever. Now, if it is not
necessary to have a navy-yard at Brooklyn, it
certainly is not necessary to have a navy-yard
anywhere else. I can understand gentlemen
if they proposed to make the policy general
in reference to the abolition of all of our navy-
yards ; but I certainly cannot see why, if these
navy-yards are to be kept up at all, we should
single out the Brooklyn navy-yard, and pro-
vide only for doing away with it, so that more
money should be appropriated for other yards,
as well as for the establishment of new navy-
yards.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to call the attention
of tire House to what is the proposition now
pending. It is perfectly evident, if we exam-
ine the different appropriations for the differ-
ent navy-yards, that the intention of the esti-
mates was to make them permanent fixtures
iu opposition to the movement in Congress in
reference to arsenals as well as navy-yards.
It is well known that heretofore there were
small arsenals scattered all over the land, one
in almost every State, and sometimes two or
three, requiring, of course, that a certain num-
ber of officers should bo retained at those dif-
ferent places. You conld not make a reduc-
tion in the number of officers, because we were
told a certain number were required at 'all
these navy-yards. In the course of time the
policy was adopted of abolishing most of these
arsenals, leaving only some lew large ones,
which were absolutely necessary. That was
the policy adopted in reference to arsenals,
and now the same policy is about being adopted
in reference to the navy-yards of the country,
that there should be not so many navy-yards, "
so as not to require the immense number of
officers now employed. What do we see on
the part of these officers of the Department?
The very moment Congress enters upon the
policy estimates come from the Department in
direct opposition to'it. Why ? Because then,
if that policy were adopted, it will obviate the
necessity for all these surplus officers. Here
we have all these appropriations for perma-
nent improvements. Let me read them :
For navy-yard at Portsmouth New Hampshire :
repairs of all kinds, $75,000 ; permanent improve-
ments, $75,000.
For navy-yard at Boston, Massachusetts: repairs
of all kinds, $75,000; permanent improvements,
$75,000.
For navy-yard at Brooklyn, New York : repairs
of all kinds, $100,000 ; permanent improvements,
$130,000.
For navy-yard at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania :
repairs of all kinds, $40,000; permanent improve-
ments, ^OU.OOO.
Fur navy-yard .it Washington, District of Colum-
bia. : repair.-' of all kmds, $75,000; permanent im-
provements, ?80,00\>.
