232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
On atl sugar above No. 10 and not above No. 13
Dutch standard in color, one and one eighth cents
P6()ifalfsagar above No. 13 and not above No. 16
Dutch standard in color, one and one sixth cents per
1>(()n<all sugar above No. 16 and not above No. 20
Dutch standard in color, one and six eighths cents
per pound.
I will explain tliis amendment in one word.
Its effect is comprehended by every Senator.
It is simply to reduce the very onerous tax
upon a prime necessity of life one half. I am
satisfied that there is but one way to have
economical expenditures, and that is to have a
small income. If the Government is ever to
come to the scale of economical expenditures
of money, it must have a limited and a small
income ; and it is with a view to forward that
general principle in the administration of the
Government that I make this proposition.
I have one other view in offering this amend-
ment. So far as taxes can be reduced, and the
reduction will operate universally in favor of
the people, the reduction ought to be made,
and for this reduction compensation may be
made to the Treasury by imposing taxes upon
prime articles that enter into manufactures.
There are manyarticles imported from abroad
which are necessary to our manufacturing cor-
porations and which are not produced at home.
There are articles of prime necessity that are
not produced at home in sufficient quantity for
the consumption of the people. My policy
would be to reduce the taxes on such articles
and make condensation to tho Treasury by
levying duties on foreign articles of manufac-
ture that come into competition with our home
manufactures: and it is in accordance with
that general view that I offer the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of tho Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The amendment was lejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move as an amendment
to this bill, to come in at the end of if, Senate
bill No. 1080, which.I endeavored to gee up
this morning. S
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from j
California moves an amendment to the bill, !
which will be read. ' :
The Chief Clerk read tie amendment, which i
was to add as additional sections the following: j
And be it further enacted. That sections ■■six to six- j
teen, both inclusive, of an act to reduce internal \
tixes, and for other purposes, passed July 11,1570, ;
and all other acts and parts of acts for the assess-
ment, levy, or collection of a tax upon incomes or
upon any gams, profits, or receipts of the respective
classes affected by said sections, or any of them, are
hereby repealed.
And be it further enaetcd. That this section shall
take effect on the 1st day of January, 1871. '
Mr. CASSERLY. The bit! of the Senator
from Ohio is an amendment of the so-called
tax and tariff bill of the last session. The pro-
visions enacting or continuing, whichever Sen-
ators may choose to call if, the income tax and
other taxes in that nature wore a part of the
same bill. Hence, there is nothing objection-
able in offering this amendment to the bill of
the Senator from Ohio. There can be no ob-
jection on the ground of want of germaneness
in the matter. It is another amendment to
the same bill of the last session to which the
Senator's bill is an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As it must
be obvious to the Senator from California and
to all others that his amendment cannot now
pass so as to receive the sanction of both Houses
prior to the 1st of January, I appeal to him
to withdraw his amendment and let this bill,
which.it is absolutely necessary, if it is to pass
at all, should pass to-day, be passed on its own
merits without complicating it with anything
else. I am sure he does not mean merely to
obstruct the passage of the present bill.
Mr. CASSEKLY. Mr. President, I feel the
pressure of the reasons suggested by the Sena-
tor from Vermont; but I recall to the recol-
lection of the Senator from Vermont -the
peculiar circumstances under which the pro-
visions oflaw which I now seek to repeal were
introduced into the tax and tariff bill of the
last session. He will remember with what
severity the views of the friends of those taxes
were pressed upon the Senate, with how little
forbearance, with how little of consideration.
Under a clamor very judiciously created over
the abolition of the tax upon gross receipts,
and contrary to the understanding as declared
by the chairman of the Finance Committee
himself at the time he asked for a test vote in
the Senate, the income tax was again brought
forward in a modified shape, and in a thin Sen-
ate it became the law of the land, so far as
this body could make it so. I have felt from
that time to this the sense of the advantage
taken of us all upon that subject at that time.
I feel that I should be justified in pressing this
amendment under the circumstances.
To say that it requires debate is in my judg-
ment an untenable position. Never was any-
thing m ore thoroughly debated than this whole
question at the last session of Congress. It
was debated in every light, and, leaving out
entirely what I had to say myself, I think Sen-
ators will agree with me when I say that very
rarely has a question of that character been
discussed so thoroughly, so ably, and indeed
so entirely in the lights of ther highest and
broadest considerations. If the Senate is not
ready now to abolish the income tax it is be-
cause it does not mean to abolish the income
tax, because it never will be ready to do so as
at present constituted ; and it seems to me, if
that, is so, this is as good a time to ascertain it
as any other.
I regret sincerely not to be able to yield to
the desires of my friend from Vermont, or to
the suggestions which have been pressed upon
me by other Senators ; but I trust I shall be
understood as being guided by my own convic-
tions of duty in the course that I have taken,
and that I have taken it with the reluctance
which I have expressed.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The'yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this proposition
of the Senator from California is not to be pre-
judiced because of the. lime at which he offers
it, or from the fact that it is offered as an
amendment to another bill. I know that the
Senate is impatient, and many Senators wish
to dispose of another matter; but this is a very
important question. I think I am warranted
in saying that this income tax would not have
been imposed at the last session of Congress
had the facts which are before us to-night been
before us at that time. The Senator from
Ohio himself, after the Senate had decided to
abolish the income tax, made an appeal in
which he insisted that if, with the other reduc-
tions contained in tho bill then pending, we
were also to include the abolition of the in-
come tax the revenues of the country would
fall below its expenses.
Mr. SHERMAN. I state that now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He states that now.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the statement of
the Secretary of the Treasury now, in his annual
leport.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, what do we see?
What have we seen since ? Millions and tens
of millions of dollars in gold hoarded up in the
Treasury of the United States ; and there it has
been for five years, probably averaging sev-
enty-five million dollars, upon which we get no
interest; and we are paying interest upon our
bonds. The Secretary of the Treasury is hav-
ing such large receipts that he is going into
the market and buying in our bonds. He is
doing it every month ; and yet we are told our
revenues are not sufficient to support the Gov-
ernment. How is this ? We have monthly
statements of the public debt, and during the
recent canvass it was alleged all over the
country that the public debt was beingreduced
by millions every month; and yet now the
Senator from Ohio tells us that the receipts
are less than the expenses of the Government 1
Mr. SHERMAN. For the next year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For the next year.
Well, it is always somewhere ahead. I see no
evidence of that. I am sure that if we had
had the facts before us at the last session that
we have now, we never should have imposed
this income tax of two and a half per cent. But,
sir, there are many reasons why this tax should
be abolished. I do not propose to go into
them to-night, but I wish barely to state one
or two without arguing them.
As I understand, the machinery for the col-
lection of the internal revenue taxes would be
greatly simplified if it were not for the collec-
tion of this income tax. But for the income
tax I understand that we could dispense with
numerous officers. Now, it is a great objec-
tion among the people of this country that we
have so many officers and so much expense
attending the collection of the internal revenue
taxes. I do not know the proportion; prob-
ably the Senator from Ohio could tell; but I
suppose we could dispense with half the officers
who are now employed if we were to repeal
this income tax. The amount received from
it is not large ; and it is just as troublesome to
collect two and a half per cent, as it was to
collect five per cent.
I know, coining in at this hour and with the
temper of the Senate, that there is an indispo-
sition to consider the matter; but I hope Sen-
ators will not vote against this amendment
because it is untimely or because it is offered
at a bad hour of the day. As has been said,
it is unnecessary to discuss it; the subject was
fully discussed before ; every Senator under-
stands it; and if there is a disposition on the
part of the Senate to do it, we may pass tho
amendment in half an hour. I hope that every
Senator who is opposed to continuing this tax,
which is unnecessary as I believe, will vote in
favor of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I cannot vote
upon this question without statingdistinetly the
reason why I shall give the vote that I intend
to give. I need not state in the Senate Uiat I
am in favor of the repeal of the income tax.
But the repeal is now proposed in this form : a
bill comes from the House of Representatives
which we are informed, if passed, removes an
ambiguity that will enablethe Treasury Depart-
ment to administer the revenue law without
doubt and without difficulty. We are informed
that if that bill does not pass it may endanger
several millions of revenue during the comma;
year. If we pass the bill in the form in which
it came from the House it will become a law m
a few days. If we add any amendment to it,
we defeat not only the bill regulating the duties
upon sugar, but we do not succeed in having
the amendment adopted before the expiration
of the holiday recess ; for we know that the
House has adjourned to-day and has come to
an agreement that it will take no vote on any
measure to-morrow. The consequence is that
if we add this amendment to the bill to-day -we
not only defeat this revenue measure, and thus
take several millions out of the Treasury in all
probability, but we do not accomplish the object
of repealing the income tax at all. I aui as
ardently in favor of the repeal of the income
tax as the Senator from California can be, and
I wiil joiti with him at any time when there is
a probability of not endangering its success by
coupling it with another measure.
Again, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from California to the form in which his
amendment is offered. If all the friends of
repeal are to vote for it at present, there is one
decided objection to the form in which the Sen-
ator has offered his amendment, and to which
I have heretofore, in a comparison of the bills
on this subject, called his attention. It not
only repeals tho sections from six to sixteen
inclusive, but it also repeals all other laws and
