1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
parts of laws relating to the income tax. Now,
if Senators will go back to the law of last ses-
sion, they will find that there are portions of
the former income tax law necessary to be re-
tained for the purpose of enforcing the collec-
tion of the arrearages of income tax. There
are arrearages of income tax which are yet to
be enforced. If the amendment as now offered
by the Senator from California is adopted, it
repeals all laws and parts of laws on that sub-
ject, and the consequence will be that the
arrearages of income tax imposed by the Gov-
ernment cannot be enforced.
This would be a sufficient reason for not
adopting the amendment in the present form
in addition to what I have already given; and
therefore 1 shall be compelled to -vote against
the amendment at this time, while I shall go
with the Senator from California and all the
friends of repeal at any time when there is a
probability of accomplishing the result.
Mr. CARPENTEll. I am going to vote with
the Senator from Pennsylvania on this ques-
tion of repealing the income tax, and I intend
to do it for the same reason, and adopt his
speech.
Mr. THURMAN. If the effect of the sugar
bill is, as the Senator from Pennsylvania states,
to increase the revenue §2,000,000, it is a prop-
osition to levy that amouut of taxes upon the
people ; for whatever increase of revenue will
result from the bill, it is evidently just that
much more tax laid upon the sugar which the
people consume; and if between now and the
meeting of Congress again on the 4th of Jan-
uary the increase of taxation is to be at the rate
of §2,000,000 or more, it is time for us to con-
sider whether we are prepared to vote for this
sugar bill at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I interrupt my friend
from Ohio?
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand the
fact exactly as he does, or as the Senator from
Pennsylvania does. I have understood from
the Secretary of the Treasury personally, this
morning, that it is not so much an increased
revenue that this bill effects as an avoidance
of litigation. Under the construction that the
Treasury Department have put upon the law
now we should get about all the money that
we are to get by this bill; but under the con-
struction that the counsel of the importers
have put upon it, (there being several hundred
cargoes now in New York and other ports wait-
ing for the 1st of January to come before they
enter and pay duties,) a totally different duty
is to he imposed on account of the way they
have graded their sugars and refined them.
Therefore the effect of this bill is to stop an im-
mense amount, of litigation and difficulty rather
than to affect the actual revenues of the United
States in the end, as the Secretary states it. I
have thought it due to the Secretary of the
Treasury and to my friend to make this state-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, with
great respect to the Secretary of the Treasury,
I must say that, according to my poor appre-
hension. there is no occasion for any litigation
at all. And that brings me to observe that the
Senator from Pennsylvania is in error, I take
it, in supposing that this sugar bill is to remove
an ambiguity in the existing law. I think there
is no ambiguity in the existing law, and that
that is not at all the object of the bill. The
object of the bill is to put all sugars upon pre-
cisely the same fooling, to put them all under
the same rule; that is to say, that muscovado
sugar, for instance, of a certain quality Dutch
standard, shall pay the same duty that every
other sugar of that same quality according to
the Dutch standard shall pay. It is to produce
uniformity. I ad mit, therefore, that the bill that
is before us is right in principle. It is right in
principle because it makes every kind of sugar
o'fthe same value subject to precisely the same
duty. In that respect the principle of the bill
is correct. But the effect is to increase the
tariff on sugar, because under the present law
muscovado sugar and raw sugar of a certain
number come in at a lower rate of duty than
other sugar, not so good, is compelled to pay.
This is a discrimination really in favor of mus-
covado sugar. It is a discrimination, you may
say, in favor of Porto Rico, and in favor of
Cuba, where muscovado is also made; and
that is a discrimination which I admit is wrong
in principle.
But the bill is not for the purpose of remov-
ing any ambiguity. There is no ambiguity in
the present law. There is no ambiguity in
what is muscovado sugar. There is no am-
biguity in the terms which describe the sugar
which is to come in at the low rate of duty.
It is not because of any such ambiguity as that
that the Treasury Department wants this bill
passed, but it is because the Treasury Depart-
ment wants a higher rate of duty put on this
muscovado sugar, which is of a quality quite
equal to some of the higher grades provided
for in the law, and which now pay a higher
duty. It is to produce uniformity. That is
the reason for it, and that alone.
Now, sir, while I say again that the princi-
ple of this sugar bill which the chairman of
the Committee on Finance wants us to pass
is right, because it puts things of the same
value under the same duties, there is no neces-
sity whatsoever for passing this bill in order to
prevent litigation. There cannot be any liti-
gation unless the Treasury Department raises
an ambiguity where there is no ambiguity,
and insists upon litigation where there is no
ground for litigation. At least that is the way
I understand it, with due deference to those
who understand the subject better than I do.
So much 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Ohio allow me to interruDt him ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly. *
• Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The ambigu-
ity is in determining what is muscovado sugar
and what is not. The best experts are not
able to decide in some cases what is mus-
covado sugar and what is not. There is the
whole and sole ambiguity, as I understand.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, in respect to that,
I have never learned that under the previous
tariff there has been any great difficulty in find-
ing out what was muscovado sugar and what
was not. I do not think that is the trouble at
all. I think the true foundation of the bill,
the strong foundation on which it rests, is the
manifest propriety of putting sugars of the
same value under exactly the same duty, no
matter by what name called, whether called
muscovado sugars, clayed sugars, or any other
kind of sugars. That the amendatory bill now
before the Senate proposes to effect, and, as I
have said, it is right in principle.
If 1 am right in this, there is no necessity
for hurrying this bill through. There is no
great injury that can happen even if we should
lose alittle bit of revenue; that is to say, if we
should not raise the tax, for that is all there is
in it. If we should let some sugars come in after
the 1st day of January under the law which
we have solemnly passed, sugars that have
been imported upon the faith of that law, sugars
which are now lying in our ports ready to be
discharged on the faith of the law which we
have passed and to pay the duties we imposed
only a few months ago, I do not think there
will be any great harm to the country, and I
do not think there will be any very great injus-
tice. I conceive that there might be some injus-
tice by the passage of this bill to the importers
of these cargoes who have imported them on
the faith of the law which we passed only at
the last session of Congress and expected them
to be entered on the 1st of January under that
law, and did not suppose we would turnabout,
just a few days before the 1st of January, and
impose a higher tax upon their goods. Ic seems
to me to be something like a snap judgment
upon the importers to pass this bill in this haste.
I am inclined to think, therefore, that if every
member of the Senate-was in favor of it sim-
ple justice to the importers of those "sugars-
would require that we should not pass it until
after those cargoes were discharged and had
paid their duties. . :
I am not, therefore, influenced at all by any
haste that may be manifested for the passage*
of this bilk Although it does raise the tax to
a certain extent, yet it is so manifestly just in-
principle that when the time comes to vote
upon it I am inclined to think I shall vote for
it. But I see no necessity for hurrying it
through to-night or to-morrow and making it
a law. In fact, I do not know how it can very
w^ll become a law to-day or to-motrow. I
suppose the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives can sign it to-morrow, as the House
will be in session to-morrow. But I see no
necessity for hurrying it through and making-
it a law to-day or to-morrow.
That being the ease, why in the world shall
not the friends of the repeal of the income tax
stand to their principles? Why should they
not vote for the amendment of the Senator from
California? If it needs the amendments sug-
gested by the Senator from Pennsylvania—and
after hearing his remarks I think it does need
some amendment that shall preserve the laws
for the collection of the income tax overdue
and unpaid—it can be amended; and that can
be done in five minutes, or less time. Why,
then, shall not the friends of the repeal of
the income tax avail themselves of this oppor-
tunity and put it on this bill, and send it back
to the House of Representatives for the House
to act upon it as soon as the House reas-
sembles on the 4th day of January? I think,
upon reconsideration, every friend of the repeal
of the income tax will see that the wisest thing
he can do, that which is most likely to further
the repeal of that tax, is to adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, pass this
bill this afternoon, and let it go to the House,
to be considered there as soon as the House
reassembles.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section
of my hill, which I have no doubt will obviate
entirely the abjection presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania. It is to add at the end of
the first section these words:
But nothing herein contained shall aifect or inter-
fere with the payment or collection of any tax now
due or delinquent, or the remedies therefor.
I ask the Clerk to read the section at the
desk as it will stand if amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to amend the amendment
offered by him. The yeas aud nays having
been ordered upon it, he cannot modify it
except by the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate ; but if there be no objection it will be
regarded as modified as he proposes. It is
so modified, and the Secretary will report it
as it is modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That sections sis to sixteen, both inclusive, of an
aet to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, passed July 11, 1870, and all other acts and
parts of acts for the assessment, levy, or collection
of a tax upon incomes, or upon any gams, profits, or
receipts of the respective classes affected by said
sections, or any of them, are hereby repealed. But
nothing herein contained shall affect or interfere
with the pnynient or collection of any tax now duo
or delinquent, or the remedies therefor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this amend-
ment the yeas arid nays have been ordered,
and the Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Davis,
Hamilton ot Marj'land, Johnston, McCreery, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and Viekers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Gonkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton oi Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell. MorrillofVerinont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Fool,
Pratt, lierels, llice, Ross, Sawyer, Schin z, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, 'JCbayer. lipton, Warner,
Willey, and Williams—38. ~
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony,. Cameron,, Cattell,
Cragin, Kenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Hams, How-
