lQftQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
I say the adoption of this amendment will
do so.
Mr. President, I desire to say here that the
white race has no better friend than I. The
southern people know this. It is known over
the length and breadth of this land. I am true
to my own race. I wish to see all done that
can be done for their encouragement, to assist
them in acquiring property, in becoming intel-
ligent, enlightened, useful, valuable citizens.
I wish to see this much dons for them, and I
believe.God. makes it the duty of this nation
to do this much for them ; but, at the same
time, I would not have anything doue which
would harm the white race.
Sir, during the canvass in the State of Mis-
sissippi 1 traveled into different parts of that
Stale, and this is the doctrine that I every-
where uttered: that while I was in favor of
building up the colored race I was not in favor
of tearing down the white race. Sir, the white
race need not be harmed in order to build up
the colored race. The colored raee can be
built up and assisted, as I before remarked, in
acquiring property, in becoming intelligent,
valuable, useful citizens, without one hairupon
the head of any white man being harmed.
Let me ask, will establishing such schools
as 1 am now advocating in this District harm
our white friends ? Let usconsider this ques-
tion for a few minutes. By some it is con-
tended that if we establish mixed schoolshere
a great insult will begiven to the white citizens,
and that the white schools will be seriously
damaged. All that I ask those who assume this
position to do is to go with me to Massachu-
setts, to go with me to some other New Eng-
land States where they have mixed schools,
and there they will find schools in as prosper-
ous and flourishing a condition as any to be
found in any part of the world. They will
find such schools there ; and they will find
between the white and colored citizens friend-
ship, peace, and harmony.
When 1 was on a lecturing tour in the State
of Ohio, 1 went to a town, the name of which
I forget. The question whether it would be
proper or not to establish mixed schools had
been raised there. Oue of the leading gen-
tlemen connected with the schools in that
town came to see me and conversed with me
on the subject. He asked me, "Have you
been to New England, where they have mixed
schools?" Irspiied, " Ihave, sir." "Well,"
said he, "please tell me this: does not social
equality result from mixed schools?" "No,
sir; very far from it," 1 responded. "Why;"
said he, "how can it be otherwise?" 1 re-
plied, "I will tell you how it can be otherwise,
and how it is otherwise. Go to the schools
and you see there white children and colored
children seated side by side, studying their
lessons, standing side by side, and reciting
their lessons, and perhaps, in walking to
school, tliey may walk along together; but
thai, is the last of it. The white children go
to their homes; the colored children go to
theirs; and on the Lord's day you will see
those colored children in colored churches,
and the white children in white churches ; and
if an entertainment is given by a white family,
you will see the white children there, and the
colored children at entertainments given by
persons of their own color." I aver, sir, that
mixed schools are very far from bringing about
social equality.
Then, Mr. "President, I hold that establish-
ing mixed schools will not harm the white
race. I am their friend. 1 said in Mississippi,
and 1 say here, and I say everywhere, that 1
would abandon the Republican party if it went
into any measures of legislation really dam-
aging 10 >iny portion of the white race; but it
is not in the Hepublican party to do that.
J n the next place, I desire to say that school
boards, and school trustees, and railroad com-
panies, and steamboat companies are to blame
for the prejudice that exists against the colored
race, or to their disadvantage in those respects.
Go to the depot here, now, and what will you
see ? A well-dressed colorud lady, with her lit
tie children by her side, whom she has brought
up intelligently and with refinement, as much
so as white children, comes to the cars; and
where is she shown to? Into the smoking car,
where men are cursing, swearing, spitting on
the floor; where she is miserable, arid where
her little children have to listen to language
not lilting for children who are brought up
as she has endeavored to bring them up, to
listen to. .
Now, sir, let me ask, why is this? Is it
because the white passengers in a decent,
respectable car are unwilling for her to be
seated there? No, sir; not as a general thing.
It is a rule that the company has established,
that she shall not go there.
Let me give you a proof of this. Some years
ago i was in the State of Kansas and wanted
to go on a train of cars that ran from the town
where L was to St. Louis, and this rule pre-
vailed there, that colored people should go into
the smoking car. I had my wife and children
with me, and was trying to bring up my chil-
dren properly, and I did not wish to take them
into the smoking car. So I went to see the
superintendent who lived in that town, and i
addressed him thus: "Sir, I propose to start
for St. Louis to-morrow on your road, and
wish to take my family along; and I do not
desire to go into the smoking car. It is all
that I can do to stand it myself, and I do not
wish my wife and children to be. there and
listen to such language as is uttered there by
men talking, smoking, spitting, and rendering
the car very foul; and i waut to ask you now
if I cannot obtain permission to take my fam-
ily into a first-class car, as I have a first-class
ticket?" Said he: "Sir, you can do so; 1
will see the conductor and instruct him to
admit you." And he did admit me, and not
a white passenger objected to it, not a white
passenger gave any evidence of being dis-
pleased because I and my family were there.
Let me give you another instance. In New
Orleans, and also in Baltimore, cities that I
love and whose citizens I love, some trouble
was raised some time ago because colored
people were not allowed to ride in the street
cars. The question was taken to the courts ;
and what was the decision? That the com-
panies should make provision for colored
passengers to go inside of the cars. At first
they had a car with a certain mark, signifying
that colored people should enter. I think the
words were, in Baltimore, " Colored people
admitted into this car;" and in New Orleans
they had a star upon the car. They com-
menced running. There would be a number
of white ladies and white gentlemen who
wanted to go in the direction that this car was
going, and did not want to wait for another ;
an<l notwithstanding there was a number of
colored persons in the car, they went in and
seated themselves just as if there had not been
a colored person there. The other day, in
Baltimore, I saw one of these cars passing
along with the words, '' Colored persons ad
muted into this car." The car stopped, and
1 saw a number of white ladies and gentlemen
getting in, and not one colored person there,
it was the same way in New Orleans. Let
me tell you how it worked in New Orleans.
The company finally came to the conclusion
that if white persons were willing to go into a
car appropriated to colored persons and ride
with them without a word ot complaint, they
could not consistently complain of colored per-
sons going into cars that were intended for
white persons; and so they repealed their rule
and opened the cars forall to enter. And ever
since that time all have been riding together
ill New Orleans, and there has not been a word
of complaint. So it will be I believe in regard
to the schools. Let lawmakers cease to make
the difference, let school trustees and school
boards cease to make the difference, and the
people will soon forget it.
Mr. President. I have nothing more to say.
What 1 have said I have said iti kindness ; and
I hope it will be received in that spirit.
Mr. HILL. In hopes, sir, of terminating
this debate and reaching a praciical solution
of this matter, I propose to offer an amend-
ment striking out a portion of the words that
are moved to be stricken out, so that the clause
will read thus:
And no distinction, on account of racc. color, or
previous condition ot servitude, shall bo made in
providing the means of education, or in the mode of
education or treatment of pupils in such schools.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia moves to perfect the section before
the question shall be taken on striking it out.
Mr. HILL. My object in offering this amend-
ment is to dispose of the subject. I lake it for
granted that we are not legislating for the pur-
pose of establishing equality socially between
the two races in this country. If io, the bill
ought to be amended so as to carry out that
object. I am as far as any member of this
body from desiring any invidious distinction
against the colored race. It is a race with
which I have been familiar all the days of my
life, and in a knowledge of it and of its pecu-
liar characteristics 1 yield to no mat, unless
it may be some ethnologist who may claim to
he very far superior to me in knowledge on
such a subject. I know enongh of the colored
raee, from ray observation of them, which bus
been life-long, and from my careful observa-
tion of them since the emancipation of slaves
in this country, to know that, left to themselves,
as a class, to choose whether they will have
separate schools or whether they will have
mixed schools, whether they will have sep-
arate religious congregations or whether they
will have mixed religious congregations, they
will take the separate ones all the time. That
is their history in Georgia. I have seen it,
and I know it. I take it to#be the instinct
of the race. They feel by the memories of
the past that, whether they recognize the pro-
priety of it themselves or not, a feeling of
superiority on the part of the former masier race
still exists, and while they are in proximity,
they are subject to some species of mortifica-
tion. Besides, the habitual restraint imposed
upon them by the presence of white people,
even in their worship, is not agreeable to them.
Therefore, wherever they have been able by
I he aid of white persons, they have estab-
lished their separate ehurclies. where they hold
their separate service and have their separate
minister.
Now, sir, if the object be in this District, as
I take it to be, to aftord the means of instruc-
tion to these people by a system of common
schools, aud if it be practicable for the board,
to whom is confided this great work of benevo-
lence, to give them separate schools, it is for
the board to do it. We confide everything 10
them; and if we call upon the board to make
no distinction between children on account of
race or color in imparting information, giving
them all the privileges ot the system that we
propose, and to make no difference iu their
treatment whatever, pray what just complaint
! can be made on the part of the colored citi-
zens? Why, Mr, 1 undertake to say there are
colored people in the city of Washington to day
with so much pride in their hearts that if you
established a system of free white schools and
free colored schools they would disdainfully
reject the public schools altogether, because
they are able to send their childifeii to other
schools. We all know that theiu are aristo-
cratic colored people in this woiid as well as
aristocratic whites. They are t& be found here,
some of them among my valued acquaintances
in this city.
The bill amended as I piof.ose waives this
question. 1 object, whenevei :t can be avoided,
to bringing up questions of this sortlo distract
a legislative body. I impute to nobody any
evil design, any purpose to distract the nation,
or to throw any disturbing element into the
