234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
ard, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Blaine,
Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sprague, Wilson,
Windom, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. The more I think of it the
more I think it is unjust to those who have in-
vested their money and who have th#ir cargoes
in port ready to be delivered, or on the way,
that this sudden increase of duty should be
imposed upon them. I therefore move to add,
at the end of the bill, the following words :
That this act shall take effect on the loth day of
January next.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. Before the vote is taken
I desire to say a few words. There is a class of
sugars now taxed at the rate of one and three
fourths cents per pound. The effect of this bill
is to tax them two cents per pound. That is
unquestionable. These sugars, called musco-
vado, otherwise raw sugars, are raised to a large
extentin Porto Rico; indeed, almost the total
amount of sugar imported from that island con-
sists of sugars called muscovado. A large por-
tion of the sugar imported from Cuba is also
the muscovado 'or the raw sugar, as it is called.
The effect of this bill is to increase the duty j
upon those sugars one fourth of a cent per pound. I
A considerable portion of this sugar goes into I
use in the country ; it is consumed by the peo-
ple. Another portion goes into the hands of
the refiners. This bill, by striking out of the
law passed in July the words " raw or musco-
vado" where they occur, raises the tax on the
sugar brought from Porto Rico, and on a large
portion of that brought from Cuba, from one
and three fourths to two cents a pound. The
bill, therefore, in effect taxes the people who
consume these sugars a quarter of a cent a
pound more than they are already taxed. The
reason assigned for this by the Secretary of
the Treasury, according to the letter which
I have before me, is simply that there may be
difficulty in determining the difference between
raw sugar and some of the other qualities of
sugar. Experts have written to the Secretary
ot the Treasury from New York that there will
be difficulty in determining the difference be-
tween sugars, and consequently litigation may
arise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want my friend
to make a statement here that I think is not
correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland yield the floor to the Senator
from Ohio?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
in regard to the muscovado sugar, unless itrises
above No. 10 Dutch standard. It is true that
on muscovado sugar improved above No. 10
Dutch standard, and up to No. 13, the duty is
raised from a cent and three quarters to two
cents a pound, but the other sugars are admitted
at a lower rate—clayed and other sugars which
are under No. 10 Dutch standard. His state-
ment is correct as to the third class, but not as
to the other two.
Mr. VICKERS. It is on sugars from No.
10 to No. IS that the duty is advanced by this
bill, andnotunder No. 10; the difference is only
as to the class, and the reason assigned for the
change is that there may be some difficulty in
ascertaining the true character of the sugars
imported. I have in my hand a letter written ,
to me since I had the honor to address the j
Senate yesterday by an importing merchant
of high standing and large experience, who is
perfectly conversant with this whole subject.
I will submit his letter to the Senate as con-
taining the whole argument upon this subject,
fie says :
"By making the schedule in July it was well un-
derstood that the cheapest and most desirable9ugars
fur the masses for consumptive use were muscovado
bugars, between eleven and thirteen Dutch stand-
ard; and to relieve the masses to this extent these
sugars were placed at two cents per pound.
" Muscovado sugars are a natural sugar boiled
from the cane juice in an open pan; talsen when
cool, placed in the hogshead, and after a natural
drainage of the molasses for twenty or thirty days in
the draining-house, are refilled and shipped. They
always leave more or less deposit of dark-colored
sugar in the bilge of the cask, and no expert who
'will examine them in the original package can be
deceived. The trade of the country is largely in this
kind of sugar; that is th6 only kind of sugar made
in Porto Rico; and a large portion of sugars from
Porto Rieo are sold directly for consumption. They
come in hogsheads, and are more largely paid for
by exports of our breadstuffs, provisions, &c., thus
directly benefiting the agricultural interests by
taking from them of their surplus products in ex-
change for the most desirable and cheapest sugars
they can use.
"About half the entire product of the island of
Cuba are muscovado sugars, and the bulk of them
come to this country and are known to the trade as
fair to good refining, and range incolorabovetenup
to twelve Dutch standard. These sugars, by the
amendment, are also advanced one quarter of a cent
per pound, and are generally sold to refiners. Under
the proposed ameudment these sugars pay as much
duty as 3Sfos.l2 and 13clayed sugars, which ore worth
to the refiners one quarter to one half cent more per
pound, and cost about this much more in Cuba.
Under the proposed amendment muscovado sugars
above No. 10 Dutch standard in color pay the quar-
ter cent per pound additional. Now, as most of the
muscovado sugars range from No. 10 to 11, scarcely
a cargo of muscovado inspected but will give rise in
part to controversies; and as so small a portion of
sugars imported are centrifugal, you can well under-
stand a wider door for fraud is opeued under the
proposed change than under the bill of July. Amend
the bill of July by changing the clause in reeard to
sampling, and confiscate to the use cf theUovern-
ment any sugars entered as muscovados which are
not so, and the Government wiil be amply protected
against loss by fraud. Vacuum-pan sugars and reg-
ular clayed sugars above No. 10 can never be mis-
taken for muscovados. I take this interest in the
question from knowledge gained by apersonal expe-
rience of overthirty years, and, as a merchant, desire
a simple, stable tariff which will protect mo from
fraudulent competition."
Mr. President, as the object of this bill is
declared by its friends to be only to remove
some anticipated difficulty, I propose an amend-
ment which will obviate it, and which I send.
to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Maryland will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all from line seven to the
word 4 4 pound " in line twenty-three, and insert
in lieu thereof the following;
That whenever it shall be ascertained that sugars
invoiced as raw or muscovado sugars shall not be
such sugars, they shall be forfeited to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. VICKERS. The effect of the amend-
ment is to leave the law just as it stands, with
a provision to forfeit all sugars which shall
be invoiced as muscovado or raw sugars, and
which shall not be sugars of that character, so
that the Government will be protected in this
matter if any fraud be attempted. That is the
object of it, and it will leave the law precisely
as it now stands.
Mr. NYE. Is not that so by law now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly, under the
present law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Domin-
ican joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
262) authorizing the appointment of commis-
sioners in relation to therepublic of Dominica.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] is entitled to the floor,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indi-
ana, I understand, desires to have a recess.
If that is the pleasure of the Senate, I move
that the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER., Mr. President, is that ex-
pedient? Had we not better sit right on if
Senators are disposed 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is a courtesy
that cannot be denied under the circumstances.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the motion at the
suggestion of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not know that it was
desired by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurmax] has
precedence. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] moves that the Senate take a recess,
pending which the other Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thdrman] moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The Senate refused to adjourn; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] that the Senate take a recess
uijtil half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-eight minutes p. m.) the
Senate took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
protection of immigrants.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a letter from Governor Baker, of In diana,
president of the National Immigration Con-
vention, covering copies of the preamble and
resolutions adopted by that body assembled in
Indianapolis on the 23d of October last; which
will be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 16th instant, a copy
of the report of the board of engineers on the
Newport and Cincinnati bridge across the Ohio
river; which was referred to the Committee oil
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2592) to forfeit to ihe
United States certain lands granted to the
Placerville and Sacramento Valley Railroad
Company, to aid in constructing a railroad from
the town of Folsora to the town of Placerville,
in the State of California, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
john n. quackenb08ii.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to ask unanimous
consent of the Senate to pass a joint resolution
which restores John N. Quackenbush to the
active list of the Navy. It is recommended
by the Committee on Naval Affairs and by the
Department, and I thought he could not eat his
Christmas dinner so pleasantly unless we passed
this resolution. He has been wanting this very
much, and as it is a mere compliment, I wish
him to have it. It is Senate joint resolution No.
238, for the relief of Lieutenant Commander
John N. Quackenbush. He is a citizen of
Massachusetts, and the resolution restores him
to the active list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 238) for
the relief of Lieutenant Commander John N.
Quackenbush.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there a report? If
there is I should like to hear it read.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no report, but
it is understood.
_ Mr. NYE. That case is one which was con-
sidered with some care by the Committee on
