1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
Senate. I certainly would not impute such a
design io the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. But 1 think when we consider
what is proposed here, to give to these people
the same means of education that we do to the
white race, to give tbem the same treatment
in the schools, it. is certainly all they should
demand; and that particularly when it is
manifest that the means to provide for this
education will be dre.Tr n chiefly from the whites.
1 undertake to say that th^y wiil not only be
content if ihis is done, giving them their sep-
arate schools when the commissioners think it
proper to do so, but they will be grateful that
it is so, and it will afford satisfaction every-
where.
It seems to me this is a good disposition ef
the question; it is a pacific one; one thatshould
not wound uie leelmgsof any uian of either
race; and 1 hope it will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, which is to perfect the part of the
section proposed to be stricken out.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment which
was in lines ten and eleven of section six, to
strike out the words " the admission of the
pupils to any of ihe schools under the control
of the board of education," and to insert11 pro-
viding the means of education ;" so as to make
the clause read:
And no distinction on account of race, eolor, or
prtiviuus cuiitUuon of servitude shall be made in
providing tbe means of education, or in the mode
of education or treatment of pupils in such schools.
Mr. PATTERSON. That amendment is
entirely satisfactory to me, and if it is proposed
I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. .Mr. President, I had hoped
that the Senator from New Hampshire would
have withdrawn his amendment so that the
Senate would have a vote upon the passage of
the bill, lie has withdrawn it and accepred
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia;
nothing whatever isgaiued by the change. The
same principle is involved in this amendment
as in the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshirfe. i hope the Senate ol the
United Slates will not sustain this amendment
and that we shall stand upon the principle of
equality of rights and privileges.
Sir, we have had a contest of forty years
between libeity and equality on the one side
and slavery and privilege on the other. We
have the same kind of utterances to-day from
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tuurman] that
we have had lroui 1800, in those eaily days
when a few men maintained the rights of all
men to liberty, to this year. During this period
of forty years there has been a continual
struggle, and all that time those who have
advocated the doctrines of human rig tits, and
insisied upon applying ihese doctrines, have
bepn met with the declaration that they were
forcing issues; that they were harming the
colored race ; in fact, that they were the ene-
mies of that lace. Thirty years ago the great
portion of that race were held us mere prup
erly, and that portion of it nominally free had
hardly any rights at all in any portion of the
country.
In Massachusetts we had a struggle of ten
years before we could destroy caste iu our
common schools, it was only iu the year
1805, by the Legislature that sent me into this
body, that the victory was won and the ques-
tion settled, and settled bey«ud all reversal.
It was then decided that colored children
should go into all the public schools, and not
be excluded from any. Before that time col-
ored children sometimes had to pa-s by a
school iu their own neighborhood, and go,
perhaps, a mile or two miles to enter a school
prepated i'oi them. We had in the Legisla-
ture men, able men there, who expressed the
same views that have been presented to-day.
They saw nothing but rum in that measure;
hat. the public sentiment of the State was
educated up to the point of doing equal anil
exact justice. Nobody thinks that the public
schools were injured by that decision.
Mr. THURMAN. _ Will the Senator from
Massachusetts please to tell us how many col-
ored people there are in that State ?
Mr. WILSON. Eight or nine thousand. I
say to the Senator that in some localities, in
some school districts, they have large num-
bers, perhaps equal numbers with the white
race.
Mr. THURMAN. How many of the pop-
ulation of Massachusetts do you call colored
or black ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe eight or nine
thousand.
Mr. THURMAN. That includes all shades
of color.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. How many black men
are there ?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell exactly the
shades among them, the exact amount of blood
in each one of these men. I know that we
have eight or nine thousand colored persons
in the State, and they have the same rights and
the same privileges with all the rest of us.
When the railroads were first started they
were excluded from the cars, sent iu a car by
themselves, and we had a contest over that,
and after a struggle we righted that matter.
But I say here to day, looking over this forty
years of struggle, that the friends of the colored
race, of their perfect and absolute equality in
rights and privileges, have not been mistaken.
Whatever they have advocated has tended to
the elevation and the benefit of that race.
During the last ten years of this struggle we
have met these arguments, met these preju-
dices. Sir, the only thing for us to do is to go
right steadily forward and insist upon it that
in all matters of a public nature there shall
be a perfect equality of rights and privileges.
Now, sir, I regret that this question comes up
here to-day 
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish my friend would
discuss the point that is really at issue in the
question now before the Senate; what right
of the black man is taken from him if this
amendment should be adopted?
Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish the Senator from
Massachusetts would allow us to have a short
execative session.
Mr. WILSON. I will do so in a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to answer
that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbe Senator
from Massachusetts nearest the Chair [Mr.
Wilson'] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I will teil you what right is
takeu from him. A school is established per-
haps within a stone's throw of where he resides.
His children cannot enter that school- Why?
They must go to a school established for col-
ored persons, perhaps half a mile or a mile
distant. lie must send his children by the
other school which is nearest to him. All this
is done to gratify the pride of the race that as-
sumes to be the dominant, the superior race.
Aie not the rights, the interests, the sensibili-
ties of the colored man invaded ? Why should
his children go by the school house near his
home? Why seud his children to a distant
school? Why cannot they enter the school
that is nearest? Why is a school provided for
them at a distance? Aie not the rights of the
black man subordinated to the prejudices of
the white man?
Mr. PATTERSON. Is not the same true
of the white children and the colored schools?
Mr. WILSON The Senator from New
Hampshire must know that this amendment,
if adopted, is adopted not to meet the preju-
dices of the colored race, but the prejudices
of what we are told here is the dominant race,
the superior race, and that there is degrada-
tion to the colored race in this distinction.
Sir, I cannot vote for it. There may be prac-
tical difficulties iu carrying out this system of
equality; I expect some difficulties; but, sir,
it is the mode and manner of educating the
people against caste. In the contest of a year
or two, perhaps of a few months, the people
will be educated to the high plane of repub-
lican and Christian principle, so that They will
look down on no class of their fellow-men
because of race or color.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after thir-
teen minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened; and (at five o'clock
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 8, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
business of committee on commerce.
Mr. DIXON, of Rhode Island. ] ask unan-
imous consent that the evening of 'Tuesday
next, commencing at half past seven o'clock,
he assigned for the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RANDALL. It will be remembered
that on a former occasion I objected lo this
assignment, but I understand that the Commit-
tee on Commerce have come to an agreement
among themselves that ocean subsidy bills,
bridge bills, and the emigrant bill shall not be
reported on this occasion.
Mr. DIXON, of Rhode Island. They will
not be.
Mr. RANDALL. I therefore withdraw my
objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object to tie con-
dition excepting the bridge bills.
Mr. RANDALL. This is the action of the
committee, and I am acting in exact accord
with their wishes. I want to facilitate, not to
obstruct their action.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object absolutely.
location of A national bank.
Mr. TANNER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. It. No. 499)
authorizing the Farmers' National Bank of
Fort Edward, New York, to change its name
and location ; which was read a lirst and sec-
ond time.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Rf solved by the Senate and House of R^presenf nilVfs
of the United States of America in, Ctingre**aw*nl'l*d,
That whenever the stockholders representing three
fourths of the capita! stock of the Farmers* National
Bank of Fort Edward, New > ork, shall eleft to
remove the said bank to the village oi North Gran-
ville, jn the county of Washington, in said State,
and the president and cashier shall executeacer.'ifi-
cate under the corporate seal of the bank Kpeci tying
such determination* and sbail cause the same to bo
recorded in the office of the Comptroller of th 
Currency, thereupon such change of location shall
become effectual and valid.
Sec. 2. And be it J art her resolved, That when such
change of location bhall have been uiade, as ab>>ve
provided, the name of said bunk shall bo changed
to the North Granville National Bank, New York;
and all debts, demands, liabilities rights, and pow-
ers belonging to said Farmers' Nation.:1 tt.mk of
Fort Edward shall devolve upon and iiiuic to the
North Granville N itional Bank, and all actions
pending by or agam«t said Farmers' National B ink
of Fort Edward may be prosei-utcd by or against
said North Granville National Bank in the same
manner and with the same effect as if such change
of location and name bad not been made.
Sec. 3. And be it further r^sohed, That nssoon ns
such change of name and location shall have been
ma<ie public notice thereof snail be given by pub-
lication in a weekly newspaper in the county of
Washington, ill said State, iorfourauoce^sive weeks.
Mr. GAKF1ELD, of Ohio, is that, resolu-
tion precisely in the form ot others which have
been passed "tor a similar purpose ?
Mr. TANNEH. It is in the precise form
of a resolution which was passed in the last
Congress, authorizing the National Banka&f
Fort Smith, Arkansas, to chauge its name and
location.
