1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1673
do not think he would have polluted his lips
by mentioning his name or referring to his
hook. Barry was a newspaper reporter in
England—a "penny-a-liner." He was once
a police reporter in Chicago, and left that
city with an unenviable reputation. On his
return to England he connected himself with
a class of writers on the English press known
in this country as "Bohemians," who can be
hired for money to write anybody or anything
"upf or down," as they term it. It matters
not what the subject may-be, whether it has
merits or demerits, whether it involves the
reputation of a nation, State, or individual,
they obey their master's bidding and use their
literary ability the best way they can to accom-
plish their work.
About the time of the publication of the
Barry book there was a great effort made with
the private ship-builders of England to get the
work of that country from the public yards,
and Barry was employed as a ready writer to
visit the yards, give descriptions in an unfavor-
able light, and by a system of exaggeration
and falsehood to influence the action of the
.English Parliament in the matter. I have
time to give only two or three instances of his
inconsistencies and falsehoods. He refers in
his book to the report of the committee on
dock-yard economy, appointed by order of
the English Parliament. On page 103 of this
report it will be found that the only mem-
ber of that committee, the naval constructor,
Henry Chatfield, made a minority report,
wherein it is clearly shown that the statements
of the majority report are incorrect. He
shows, by facts and tigures, that there was no
difference in the cost of building the vessels
Mersey and Shannon.
Such minority report also shows, which will
be found on pages 110 and 180, that all the
vessels built by contractors by the British Gov-
ernment for the Russian war were worthless,
rotten, and good for nothing; but these facts
the impartial Mr. Barry does not desire to
bring to light, and makes no mention of them.
He further fails to say that upon the report of
the naval constructor the whole project of
abandoning the public dock yards of England
was discontinued, and the majority report, ask-
ing for the same, was rejected by Parliament.
He also omits from his book the celebrated
report of Sir Robert Seppings, the chief con-
structor of the British navy, published in 1810,
where it was discovered that the contractors
had all of them defrauded the Government
in the matter of copper fastenings to vessels;
that he had found that iron bolts had been used
in lieu of copper, and that a short piece of
copper, about an inch long, was placed over
the head of each iron bolt. This cunning
device of the contractors was called "devil-
bolts," and bushels of them are now to be
seen in the naval museums of England, show-
ing the infamous practice of these contractors;
and these same "devil-bolts," as they are
called, can be seen at the navy-yards of
Washington and Brooklyn, in this country, it
having been discovered that the contractors in
this country had used them in the building of
ships for this Government, being apt imitators
of any rascality practiced by their illustrious
compeers across the water.
Barry's assertions in relation to the French
Government are equally unfair and untrue. In
1851 the national chamber of deputies formed
a committee of its own members to examine the
condition of the French navy, and on their
report, then made, the navy has from that time
been built and conducted. On page 19 of that
report it will be found that the marine depart-
ment, by the direction of the chamber in 1834,
were directed to make contracts for several
vessels for the naval service, and that all the
private parties by whom they were built testi-
fied such vessels were unfit and useless, and
that large sums of money were afterward ex-
pended upon them by the Government ia order
that they might be made useful. The same
report also shows the impossibility of watch-
ing the builders whose interest was so diamet-
rically opposed to the Government. Mr. Barry
also avers that Indret, the founderv established
in France for making machinery, was a failure.
This is an absolute falsehood. The manufac-
ture of steam machinery still continues there,
and the last naval estimate of Prance for the
French navy for 1870 shows that there are
quarters allotted on that island for one hun-
dred and eighty-eight persons, including offi-
cers and watchmen, and that twelve hundred
and fifty-six workmen were employed there
in 1867.
Mr. Speaker, to close up and sell our navy-
yards the business of building ships of war
must be given to some large company; for
no private man could keep on handthe mate-
rials for ships of war waiting until Congress
should order a ship built. No private per-
son could have the shops and many works for
such a purpose, particularly at the present
time ; for there is not now any vessel of thor-
ough sea-going qualities being built in any of
our yards from Kennebec to the Rio Grande.
A very able report has been made on this
subject by the committee of which Hon. Mr.
Lynch, of Maine, is chairman, showing the
utter ruination of all private ship yards, and
that ship-building has been given up as a busi-
ness by our capitalists. Besides, the special
message of the President to this body, dated
February 23, 1870, shows the same state of
affairs.
In view of these facts, coming officially be-
fore the House, I am not prepared to vote for
any bill abolishing Government ship-yards.
There may be great waste and mismanagement
in them; there may be bad and incompetent
officers controlling them ; but that is no reason
why a strong arm of this Government should
be abandoned. Such conduct only calls for
reform, and we, this Congress, have the power
to do it. Let the conduct of these Government
officials be inquired into. Let not personal
friendship to the heads of Departments pre-
vent members on this floor from doing their
duty. If the navy-yard at Philadelphia em-
ploys five thousand men the day before elec-
tion, and discharge them the next day after, let
that be inquired into. If the property of the
Government in navy-yards is taken and used
for political purposes about election times, let
that also be inquired into. If a fraudulent
pay-roll is made up in the Brooklyn navy-yard,
upon which are the names of gien who never
were inside of the yard in their lives, and who
draw their pay for weeks and months, let that
be examined into. And if petty officials steal
or squander public property, give them a short
residence on the island of Dry Tortugas; that
will be all the medicine required to keep Gov-
ernment officials honest.
We may have too manynavy-yards; but for
the sake of being on a par with other nations
in the art of war we should at least have a few.
A navy-yard and arsenal at New York are essen-
tial and proper to protect that great commercial
emporium and environs from an attack by ene-
mies on the water. Another at Boston would
be equally necessary ; another at New Orleans
or Mobile, and another on the Pacific coast at
San Francisco. I have shown that no great
nation in the world has ever yet abandoned
them, and the signs of the time, I think, indi-
cate clearly that they never will. After the
terrible exhibitions we have had in the contract
system, not only in our countr}7, but throughout
the world, can it be possible that any sane per-
son would desire such a change, such a com-
plete revolution, in maritime defense? Shall
we have our ships, our cannons, our muskets,
and all our ammunitions of war furnished by
contractors? When that time arrives, Heaven
help this country. We would not have a ship
fit to go to sea in, not a gun fit to be fired, not
a shell that would explode. I can imagine I
can see the faces of the great army of contract-
ors of the late war grinning and leering when
they hear tho news that such a law has passed
Congress. I think I can hear their triumphant
shouts and uproarious laughter ringing through
the air.
The last war must have been, Mr. Speaker,
a sufficient warning to us to forever hereafter
avoid the contract system, and if any member
has not had sufficient experience on the sub-
jectfrom reading the contemporaneous history
of these times, let him go to the Navy or the
War Department and converse with the old
officials there and hear their graphic descrip-
tion of the contract system, hear their stories
of rotten vessels and worthless guns, and I
think that there will be but a few advocates
on this floor of the contract system.
Mr. DAWES. Ido not know any gentle-
man who is in favor of abolishing all the navy-
yards in the country; and, on the other hand,
nobody so far as I know, except those who are
influenced by natural feelings of locality, is in
favor of continuing the whole number of yards
that we now have. I know the opinion of the
Secretary of the Navy, I know the opinion of
the Admiral, I know the opinion of all the
officials of the Navy, to be that in order that
we may have such navy-yards as have been
described so graphically by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Schumaker.,] in order
that we may have two or three yards upon the
Atlantic coast and one upon the Pacific of
the dimensions and capacity and power of
those now being constructed in England, it
is unnecessary to curtail the present number
of our yards.
I do not want to say, for I am not prepared
to say, whether, in the work of curtailment,
this or that or any other yard should be abol-
ished. But I do say that we ought to do noth-
ing which will hereafter embarrass the question
of reducing tho number of navy-yards, in con-
formity with what I know to be the opinion of
the Secretary of the Navy and of others whose
opinion is of value and ought to be of weight
with us. Hence, Mr. Speaker, it was the opin-
ion of the committee that no more should be
appropriated for improvements in these yards
than the current necessities may require ; and
while the word "permanent," as brought to
us by the Department, may theoretically mean
what my friend from Illinois [Mr. FaRNS-
worth] construes it to mean, or what my col-
league [Mr. Banks] construes it to mean, it
will, ill practice, mean just whatever the policy
of the Navy Department shall be. If the
policy of the Navy Department shall be to
fasten the present number of yards upon the
country without diminution, the money appro-
priated in this bill will be expended in such a
way as to effect that result; If, however, it
should be, as I believe it to be, the tendency
and conviction of the Department, to reduce
the number of these yards, that Department
will, whenever tho question is open and may
come up for consideration hereafter, make
the improvements in the line marked out by
my colleague. I ana willing to leave the mat-
ter in that position; and it was because the
committee believed the expenditures would be
directed in this way that they left the matter
as it is.
[ do not think we are prepared now to say
positively that this or that yard shall be dis-
continued, and I do not believe we are pre-
pared to say that we will expend any consid-
erable amount of money in such permanent
improvements at any of the yards as will ren-
der the change here indicated impracticable.
I do not think it desirable that the Navy De-
partment should make any such expenditure
under these appropriations. Whether the
resolution pending in this House in reference
to our navy-yards be adopted or rejected) the
question of permanent location, accompanied
i with the question of reduction, will be duly
i considered by the Departrnenfcj and wil^ X
