1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
think, receive more intelligent consideration
in a subsequent House than in this. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted, that we
shall make these appropriations as reported
in the bill, leaving this question for the future,
to be determined by the future.
Mr. ARCHER. I wish merely to saytothe
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that, as 1 understand, it is the intention of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, if we should
ever again reach the bill with reference to the
Brooklyn navy-yard, to propose such a modi-
fication of that bill as will leave this question
of consolidating yards or changing their loca-
tion to be investigated by a suitable board of
officers.
Mr. DAWES. I hope sueh a proposition
may prevail. That would correspond with the
idea 1 have endeavored to express.
Mr. ARCHER. After such an examination
has been made, the House can then go into the
consideration of the question wo are now dis-
cussing.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was not agreed to; there being—ayes 43,
noes 88.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by adding
after line eight hundred and fifteen the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That thoro shall bo at tho head of each
of tho mechanical departments of the yard, of the
several navy-yards, a master workman ill charge,
and Mich civil officers as tho service may from time
to time require, with a regular yearly salary as the
Secretary ot tho Navy may provide; and they shall
be appointed by tho President, and shall bo men
skilled in their several duties, and appointed from
civil life: And provided furlhi>>\ That the said mas-
ter workmen shall have an immediato control of
and bo vigilant to insure constant diligence from all
those who may he employed under their special
direction. They shall select the workmen to be em-
ployed m their rcspcctn e branches of labor, subject
to tho approval ot the commandants of the yards.
The nominations shall bo made through the chiefs
ol tlio respective departments, and they will bo held
accountable (or tho proper execution of the woik
under their charge, and that eflieient and obedient
men aro employed. When a reduction is required
they shall select tor discharge those whose services
can bost bo dispensed vvith consistently with tho
interests of tho Government and with due regard
to the orders of the Government anil the provisions
of a resolution of Congress to encourage the employ-
ment ol disabled and discharged soldiers and sailors,
approved March 3, ISGo.
Mr. DAWES. 1 raise the point, of order
that this amendment proposes new legislation.
Mr. BANKS. As this point ot' order is raised
I ask the Clerk to read a provision of the law
of March 2, 18G7, which covers exactly the
game points presented in my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Provided, That the civil engineer and naval store-
keeper, when required at any of the navy-yards,
shall be appointed by tho President, by and with the
advice and consent of tho Senate, and the persons
employed at the several navy-yards a,s master ma-
chinists, master carpenters, master joiners, master
l>lu.eksmittls, master boilennakers, master sailimtk-
ers, master pi umbers, and masterpainters, and mas-
ter caulkers, shall be men skilled in their several
duties and appointed irom civil life.*'
Mr. DAWES. Does my colleague say that
what lie proposes is the law now?
Mr. BANKS. It is substantially the law
now.
Mr. DAWES. If it is substantially the law
now, what is the mjed of reiinaeting it?
Mr. BANKS. Because 1 want it adopted
in this form. It is substantially the same pro-
vision but different in detail.
The SPEAKEK. The Chair does not know
how the provision which the gentleman has
had read came to be in an appropriation bill.
It may have been put in by the Senate or put
in by the House under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. BANKS. It was ruled in as legitimate
to an appropriation bill by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Air. Garfield,] who was then in the
Chair, it was done upon my motion. It is
now the law, having passed in appropriation
bills. The amendment which 1 have proposed
now varies but slightly from the provision
of law uovv in force, if there is objection to
that change of phraseology, I will offer as an
amendment the same provision that was in the
last appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. That would make no dif-
ference in the ruling of the Chair, for the
Chair would be compelled to rule out of order
the amendment iii either form.
Mr. DAWES. If it is the existing law,
then there is no need of it here ; if it is not the
existing law then it certainly is not iu order.
Mr. BANKS. It is existing law; but I want
it in this bill, so that the Administration may
be reminded that itis the law. Andrew John-
son set it aside for three years. We do not
suppose that the present Administration will
put naval officers in place of mechanics and
other civilians. All we want is to remind the
Administration that this is the law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. BANKS. Then I move to suspend the
rules, so that I may offer this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to obtain the sense
of the House upon taking a recess until half
past seven o'clock. I will follow the wish of
the majority of the House. Unless this bill
is finished to-night it cannot go to the Senate
on Monday.
Mr. WOOD. The Senate could not possi-
bly act on it then, if we did send it to them
on Monday.
Mr. DAWES. I want the responsibility to
rest upon them, and not upon us, if there is
any failure to act promptly on these bills,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We are considerably
in advance of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I will take the sense of the
House on my proposition. I will either stay
here and finish this bill without a recess, or I
will agree to take a recess.
Mr. ROOTS. Let us sit the bill through.
It is Saturday night, and we can rest all day
to-morrow.
Mr. ALLISON. I will ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if it is his
intention to have the House finish this bill
to-night?
Mr. DAWES. It is, if the majority of the
House will consent to remain here and do it.
I think the public service requires that it
should be passed by the House to-night. It
will be a reproach to the House of Represent-
atives if we fail to pass all our appropriation
bills.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] that he and I were brought up
in New England to go home at six o'clock on
Saturday night; either to begin to keep the
Sabbath then, or to begin to make prepara-
tions for the Sabbath.
Mr. DAWES. In times of public necessity
there are no Sabbaths.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are already
four appropriation bills in the Senate unacted
on by them.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask leave to report
back from the Committee on Appropriations
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian
appropriation hill, and ask that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and ask a committee of conference.
Mr. BANKS. I object; I want to have the
question settled in regard to my amendment
now.
The SPEAKER. Strictly speaking, amotion
to suspend the rules takes precedence of a
motion for a recess.
Mr. BANKS. Let the motion to suspend
the rules be determined, and then we will sup-
port the motion for a recess.
Mr. *DAWES. I will withdraw my point
of order on the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Banks,] and let the House pass upon it.
Mr. AMB-LEIl. I renew the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. B'arkswoetii] want us to go out
to the country as being unwilling to finish our
work ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have sent four
appropriation bills to the Senate, which are
now untouched there.
Mr. DAWES. We ought to pass our own
bills, and let the responsibility rest upon the
Senate if that body fails to act upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not required
of us to sit here on Saturday night.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wished the House to meet
last night; but I was encouraged to believe if
we did not have an evening session we would
pass this bill to-day.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man has done his duty to his party, and we
have appropriated $15,000,000 a day on the
average since we have been here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The appropriation
bill should have been reported sooner by the
committee.
' The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois insist upon his motion to adjourn ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do.
The House divided ; and there were ayes
seventy, noes not counted.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I suggest
that we work half an hour longer instead of
calling the yeas and nays.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 108, not voting
52 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ainhler. Archer, Asper,
Beatty, Bock, Bethune, Biggs, Bird, Booker, James
Brooks, Buckley, Burohard, Burdott, Calkin, Amasa
Cobb, Ooburn, Corker, Cowlcs, Cox, Crobs, Joseph
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duke, Farnsuortb,
Ferriss, I'Miikelnburg. Fox, Getz, Gibson, Gristvold,
llaight, lfaldeman, Hambleton, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins, Hay, llcliin, Holman, Ilotehkiss, Alexan-
der il. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lawrence,
Lewis, Lync-li, Manning, Marshall, McCarthy, Me-
Cormick, McCrary, MeGrew, McKee, McKenzie,
Morgan. Mungen, Niblack,, William W. Paine,
Phelps, Potter, Price, Randall, It eeves. Rice, Shanks,
William J. Smith, Stiles. Strader, Taffe, Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winchester.
Witcher, Wood, Woodward, and Young—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames,Armstrong, Arnell,
Atwood, Axtell, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham. Boles, George M. Brooks, Buthn-
ton, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. liutler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton
L. Cobb, Conger, Cullom. Darrall, Dawes. Degcner,
Ela, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield, Gilflllan, Hale, Ilamill,
Hawloy, Iii 11, Hoar, Hooper, Jenclces, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Lung,
Mayham, Maynard, Merour, Jesse H. Moore. Wil-
liam Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel J. Morreli, My-
ers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Halbcrt
E.Pame, Palmer, Peck, Peree, Piatt, Porter, Prosscr,
Rainey, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schu-
maker, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shorrod, John
A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith. Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Sypher,Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twich-
ell, Xyner, Upson. Van Auken, Van Horn, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
W elker, W ells, Wheeler, W lllard. Eugene M. Wilson,
and Wolf-—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Bailey, Barnum,
Benjamin, XSIair, Bowen, Boyd, Buck, Burr. Cake,
Cleveland, Conner, Cook. Dickey, Dickinson. Nathan
F. Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge, Fitch, Hays, Hoge,
Holmes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Knott, Laflin, lta.^i,
Logan, Loughridge, McNeely, Milnes, Eliakim 11.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissey, Newsham,
Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Rogers, X>ortcr Sheldon,
Shober, Slooum, Joseph S. Smith, Stokes, Stone,
Svvann, Sweeney, Tanner, Voorhees, Ward, White-
ley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, and Winans—b2.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I will now test the sense of
the House by moving that we take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. ROOTS. Let us stay and pass the bill
now.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
59, noes 88.
So the House refused to take a recess.
Mr. ALLISON. It is evident that we can-
not finish this bill to-night, and I therefore
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I stated to tho House dis-
tinctly  [Cric3 of " Order I" j
