1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
Mr. CULLOM. What is the motion before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has moved that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CULLOM. I think it was the pro-
gramme we should do that.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
The (Question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. Basics, to suspend the rules to intro-
duce and pass the amendment offered by him.
Mr. FOX. If we suspend the rules the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will not be amendable.
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we are going
to do away with the Brooklyn liavy-yard there
is certainly no sense in making these appro-
priations for permanent improvements.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. It is not going to be
removed.
The Clerk read as follows:
For navy-yard at Philadelphia-, Pennsylvania:
repairs of all kinds, $10,000; permanent improve-
ments, $60,000.
I offer the following
Mr. SCOFffiLD.
amendment:
Strike out from and including the word " perma-
nent" to the end of the section, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
For building landingwharves, dredging and filling
in, commencingquay walls, storehouses, carpenter's
shop, joiner's shop, smith shop, machine shop, offices,
stea.m-ongmes, scows, bouts, derricks, and miK'h Micry
and tools of all kinds at League Island, $200,000.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION Dill.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] yield to me to
report back from the Committee on Appropri-
ations the Indian appropriation bill and Sen-
ate amendments, with the recommendation that
the amendments be not concurred in and that
a committee of conference be asked for?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
We have enough of appropriation bills before
the House now. Let us finish one at a time.
Mr. SARG-ENT. The Indian appropriation
bill has passed both Houses, and 1 merely ask
for the appointment of a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
want to have a committee of conference, and
shall not have it if I can help it on that bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose 1 have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. ScofiBLl)] is on the floor. Does
he yield to the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] to move a suspension of the rules?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
SUiNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 desire to ask the Chair
whether the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] is in order. Is
not the appropriation he proposes for entirely
new work?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is in
order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, we have
in the city of Philadelphia a small navy-yard
which occupies twenty-three acres of land. It
is situated in the least populous portion of the
city, and stands in the way of progress, just
where we want to build wharves. The ground
occupied by the navy-yard is worth from three
to five million dollars. Some gentlemen tell
me that we can secure $5,000,000 for it with-
out difficulty, and the lowest estimate I have
ever heard placed upon it was $3,000,000. It
is not large enough for a navy-yard. It was
placed upon the Delaware when the city was
small, and the population has grown around it
and is naturally endeavoring to crowd it out.
About three miles lower down on the same
river the Government owns six hundred acres
of land, for which the city of Philadelphia
gave $400,000, and which was given to the
Government by the city of Philadelphia as a
site for a navy-yard, with the expectation that
it would getrid of this small yard which stands
in the way of the commerce and the growth of
the city. But this expectation has never yet
been realized.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have ma-
turely considered this subject, and unani-
mously agreed last session to report a bill
for the removal of the navy-yard from the
small old site to the new locality. It would
cost to remove it between one and two million
dollars, and there will be a much better yard
on the six hundred acres of land than we have
on the twenty-three acres of land now. We
can sell the land where the old navy-yard
stands for some two or three million dollars
more than the cost of removal.
The Committee on Appropriations have put
in this bill the item of $60,000 for permanent
improvements. I have moved to strike out
that appropriation of $00,000, and to insert
one of $200,000 to begin the work of removal.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman how far will this $200,000 go? How
many more millions of dollars will it take?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have already stated
what the cost will be. I have here a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy advising this.
His predecessor also advised it. The present
President of the United States and his prede-
cessor also advised it. Everybody who is
familiar at all with the locality has advised it
as a matter of economy.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
asks me how much it will take. It will take
from a million to a million and a half, prob-
ably, to remove the yard, and we will sell the
twenty-three acres of land, lying in the very
heart of the city, for at least double that figure.
Mr. RANDALL. That is true.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Everybody wants it done.
Still, when it is presented here, gentlemen get
frightened at the idea that we are establishing
a new yard. We are simply removing an old
one. I do not live in Philadelphia, as gentle-
men know. I have no interest in Philadelphia.
All the people that I represent are interested
rather in New York. They purchase their
goods there. They do their banking business -
there. It is the metropolis of the section of
country in which I live. But as a member of
the Committee on Naval Affairs I have been
forced to look this project in the face, and I
pledge whatever character I have acquired here
during eight years, in the estimation of the
members of this House, for fairness and econ-
omy to the statement that it is a measure of
economy to commence the removal of this
yard now, and that the United States will save
between two and three million dollars by it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have an amend-
ment to the amendment which I desire to oiler.
I move to insert at the end of the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
fiulii] the following:
For necessary appliances and tools'for the con-
struction of .1 navy-yard and for wharves, preparing
grounds, commencing quay wall, and for permanent
improvements for navy-yard oil Thames river, Con-
necticut, $100,000.
Mr. ARCHER. I raise a point of order on
that amendment,.
The SPEAKER. What is the point of
order ?
Mr. ARCHER. It is that this is an appro-
priation not in pursuance of any law. There
is no law for a navy-yard at this point.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And the amendment is
not germane to an appropriation for the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania raise a point of
order on it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No ; but I say it is not
germane to my amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. -I think it is,
and I wish to be heard upon it.
Mr. RANDALL. Let each proposition stand
upon its own bottom.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have been
asked by several gentlemen to offer it now.
I do not propose to antagonize the gentle-
man's amendment.
Mr. VAN WYCK. There is no reason why
it should be offered as an amendment to this
amendment.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask for a decision upon
my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment is in order.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As 1 said sev-
eral day's since, the Government, in accepting
land at the League Island and New London
stations, committed itself in good faith to the
improvement of these two stations. It was
said here a few moments ago by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Van Wyok] that
the Government had accepted the station at
League Island, but not the one at New Lon-
don. That is an erroneous statement. In
1807 the House decided that when the State
of Connecticut should present for the accept-
ance of the Government one mile front on the
Thames river for a naval station it should bo
accepted. That land was purchased by the
State of Connecticut and was presented to the
Government, and it was accepted. I have the
acceptance here. The title was examined by
the Attorney General, and he pronounced it
perfect, and the land was accepted by the Gov-
ernment in all its departments; and, more
than that, an appropriation of $10,000 was
made for a survey and for inclosing the yard.
Subsequently to that there was an appropria-
tion for a wharf. We stand, therefore, pre-
cisely on the same ground as do our friends
in Philadelphia. I am . not saying anything
against them. I only say what two Secretaries
of the Navy—Secretary Welles and Secretary
Robeson—have both said in their reports, that
the good faith of the Government is committed
to both of these projects. And more than that,
I hold in my hand an estimate for New Lon-
don, made more than a year ago, for $250,000,
following the language of my amendment, for
the purpose of commencing this navy-yard. I
have asked but $100,000; I have not asked
what they ask at Philadelphia, because we can
do more perhaps in the beginning with a small
sum than they can with a large one. I ask
that the good faith of the Government, pledged
in reference to this station, shall be carried out
precisely as it is in regard to League Island.
I have in my hand the title to this station,
which has been examined by the Attorney Gen-
eral and accepted by this Government. I have
also the estimate and the recommendations of
the present Secretary of the Navy for an appro-
priation. I have also the statement of the
former Secretary of the Navy that the good
faith of the Government was committed to
this project. I ask our tiieuds from Pennsyl-
vania—not that we are able to compete with
them at all in numbers—but I ask our Penn-
sylvania friends, while they are applying to
the Government to do something for their sta-
tion, it having been accepted! that t.liey shall
not, when we ask a similar appropriation lor
New London, say that we are not entitled to it.
Mr. RANDALL. We do not.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am glad to
hear that our friends from Philadelphia and
from Pennsylvania are willing that our appro-
priation shall be considered and placed on
precisely the same basis as theirs. I ask for
but little, but I think that we are entitled to
call upon the Government. When they have
accepted this property, one mile front, the best
naval station in the country, the best harbor
in the country—an harbor that has been ap-
proved ; a harbor that has been examined by
two boards and approved by them, and exam-
ined by the Naval Committee of the House
and approved by them-—I ask that, when they
are seeking an appropriation for Philadelphia
they shall give us the same consideration that
