1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
bill (II. It. No. 2973) for the relief of Thomas
B. "Valentine.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first, section that the ninth circuit court of the
United States in California be authorized and
required to hear and decide upon the merits
of the claim of Thomas B. Valentine, claiming
title under a Mexican grant to Juan Miranda
to a place called the Ranelio Arroyo de San
Antonio, situate in the county of Sonoma, Cal-
ifornia, in the same mariner and with the same
jurisdiction as if I lie claim to said tract of land
had been duly presented to tile board of land
commissioners under the provisions of the act
approved March 8, 18-51, to ascertain and set-'
tie private land claims in the State of Califor-
nia, and as if an appeal had been duly taken
from their decision to the district court of
California by said Valentine. The second sec-
tion provides that in the hearing any testimony
heretofore taken before the board of commis-
sioners in relation to the claim in behalf of the
cbiimant or of the United States may be read,
subject, to all just exceptions to its competency ;
and additional testimony on either part may be
taken under the order and direction of the cir-
cuit court as to the validity and extent of the
claim. The third section provides that an
appeal may be taken from the final decision
and decree of i he circuit court to the Supreme
Court of the United States by either party, in ;;
accordance with tho provisions of the tenth ir
section of the act of March 3, 1851; but no 'j
judgment is to be finally entered in favor of i|
the claimant until hearing and affirmation by
the Supreme Court of the United States, nor ji
shall the Secretary of the Interior execute this I;
law until a decree in favor of the claimant ;i
shall he allirmed bv the Supreme Court of the jl
United Slates. And a decree under ihe provis- j!
ioiw of this act in favor of the claimant is not !■
to be construed to establish or in any way to ',\
affect, any right, title, claim, or possession to .[
the lands described in the decree; but in lieu h
theieof the claimant or his legal representa-
tives may select and shall be allowed patents
for an equal quantity of the unoccupied and
unappropriated public lands of the United
States, not mineral, and in tracts not less than
tire subdivisions provided for in the United
States land laws; and if uu^urveyed when taken
to conform when surveyed to the general svs-
tem of the Ui'ited States laud surveys. But
the quantity of laud granted is not to exceed
tliii teen thousand ucre-i; and the Commissioner
of the General Land Ofiiee, under the direction
of the Secre>ary of the Interior, is authorized
to issue sctip in legal subdivisions lo Valentine
or his legal repiesentatives, in accordance with
the provisions of this act; but no more than
iwo Fections are to be located in any one town- I;
ship in the United States. j'
Mr. SARGENL1. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been twice
rend, and ihe question is on ordering the bill
lo be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WELK15U. I yield to the gentleman
from California.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, some amend-
ments Imve been made to thia bill which make
it satisfactory to me. I will remark that one
reason why I desire the bill to pass in i.s pres-
ent shape is that I very much fear the Miranda
claim may be hereafter litigated to the disturb-
ance of the people who are now settled tipou
the original tract, where there is a large town.
To avoid that possibility, which would be a
great misfortune to them, and if they lost their
homes a most, serious oue, 1 agree to the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. WELKISU. I demand the previoas
question.
The previousquestion was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
forathird reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. W ELKEii moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved P
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the jl
table. jl
Tl}e latter motion was agreed to. !
qcietisg missouri land titles. j1
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, j
reported back House bill No. 389, to quiet I
certain land titles in the State of Missouri, j
with the recommendation that it do not pass, j
The bill was laid on the table. i
j05iiua bishop, united states navy. ;
On motion of Mr. SCOFlELD, the House i
took from the Speaker's table the amendment !
of the Senate to House joint resolution No. j
235,-in favor of Joshua Bishop, late lieutenant j
commander United States Navy. |
The joint resolution provides that the Presi- j
dent of the United States shall be authorized j
to nominate, and by and with the advice and j
consent of the Senate to reappoint, Joshua !
Bishop, late lieutenant commander in the '
United States Navy, to the place from which I
he was dismissed. j
The amendment of the Senate wa3 read as :
follows: • . I
Striko out all after tho word "Bishop," in lino j
four, to tho end of tho joint resolution, and in lieu :
thereof insert "as a lieutenant commander in the j
United States Navy."
The amendment was eoncurred in. i
removal of tug brooklyn- nwy-yard. '!
Mr. SCOFlELD, from the Committee on ij
Navai Affairs, reported back the House bill !l
No. 1603, to provide for the removal of the j
Brooklyn navy-yard, with ihe reeommenda- 'j
tion that it do pass. !|
The bill was read. The first section provides j
that the Secretary of the Navy shall be author- 1
ized and directed to sell at public sale, in the 1
maimer hereinafter provided, such portions ar.d 1
parcels of land owned by the United States, j
and included within ihe limits of ilie navy-yard ;
and grounds pertaining to the United States i
naval hospital located in the city of Brook- '
lyn. New York, as can now be dispensed with,
and to continue from time to time such sales j
as may be made without detriment to the pub-
lic service, with a view to the discontinuance
of said yard. The second section provides
that at least thirty days' notice of said sales
shall be given bv publication in two daily
newspapers in both the cities of New Yorkand
Brooklyn, and no sale shall be made at a price
less than the minimum value determined by a
board consisting of competent appraisers, two
of whom shall be appointed by the Secretary
of the Navy and two by the Secretary of the
Treasury. The third section provides that it
shall be the duty of the board also to advise
the Secretary of tho Navy as to what buildings
and other improvements and fixtures pertain-
ing to said yard shall be sold with the land,
and to appraise the minimum value thereof;
and if the Secretary of tho Navy shall approve
he may include in ill# sale said buildings, im-
provements, and fixtures. The fourth section
provides that the Secretary of tho Navy shall
De authorized to transfer such movable prop
erty within the yard belonging to the Govern-
ment, as shall not. be included in the sales made
under the provisions of this bill, to some other
yard or yards, site or sites, now owned by the
United States, as the interest of the service
may require. The fifth and last section pro-
vides that upon the completion of any sale or
sales and the payment (or security for the pay-
ment) of the price, the Secretary of the Navy
shall be authorized to convey good title to the
purchaser in behalf of the United States ; and
all- proceeds of all the sales made as afore-
said shall he covered into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to offer an amendment.
Mr. SCOFlELD. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose alter a few moments. I
deem it my duty to apprise the House, as mem-
bers may not have been listening very atten-
tively to . the reading of the bill, that it is one
of very great importance, aud one which ought
to receive careful consideration at its hands.
It is well known to many members of'the
House that tlii3 yard, located in the city of
Brooklyn, has been a great impediment to the
growth of that city and a great annoyance to
its citizens. To use the common phrase applied
to it by everybody there, it is to the city of
Brooklyn u '-nuisance and the Committee
on Naval Affairs have been informed that the
people of that city, as a general thin?, together
with many of the adjoining city of New York,
are anxious to have it removed. The Gov-
ernment have spent a very large amount of
money upon it, and have brought it to a con-
siderable degree of perfection. The proposi-
tion, therefore, now to remove it is one of
great importance.
The committee understand that the land and
fixtures upon which this yard is located are
worth $20,000,000, and that the Government
will be able to sell it for that amount. Some
indeed estimate it a3 highly as $30,000,000. I
have come to the conclusion that there is not
much doubt that the land might be sold for at
least the first amount I have named, $20,000,;
000, provided we could give a good title. There
is a little shadow of doubt upon some portion
of the title, but I shall after awhile yield to
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Akciieii,]
who will discuss that point pretty fully.
I yield now to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr Dawes] to offer an amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Section eight, lino one, after tho words "New
York" insert the words " Cliarlestown, Massachu-
setts, and Kittcry, Maine, or any of them."
If that should be adopted, a little change in
the phraseology would be necessary in some
other parts of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the section be read
as in would stand if amended in the way pro-
posed by the gentieman from Massachusetts.
The Clerk read as follows:
That tho Secretary of the Navy be, and ho i.s hereby,.
authorized and directed to soil at public sale, in the
manner hereinafter provided, such portions and
parcels of land owned by the United State?, and
included wiihin tho limits of the navy-yard and
grounds pertaining to the United States naval hos-
pital located in the city of Brooklyn, New York,
Charlestown, Massachusetts, and Kittery, Maine, or
any ot them as can now be dispensed with, and to
continue iiom time to time such sales as may bo
made withoat detriment to tho public fccrviee, with
a view to tho discontinuance ot said yards?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order now to move an amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. DAWES. I should like in die first
place an opportunity to say a word in support
of my amendment.
Mr. SCOFlELD. I will yield to thegentle-
man for that purpose in a minute or two; but
pending the amendment he has offered, I wish
to offer the following amendment, which I am
instructed by the committee to offer, aud to
which I think there will be no objection.
Section one, lino fonr, striko out tho words " at
public sale" and insert the wort's "to tho highest
bidder, cither at public sale or bysealed proposals."
Mr. JUDD. I object lo that. It seems a
singular proposition that we should sell Gov-
ernment lauds by sealed proposals instead of
by public advertisement. I wish to under-
stand the reason for it.
Mr. SCOFlELD. The object is to secure
competition among bidders, aud not to allow
the property to be sold at private sale. The
committee desired that it should be sold at
public sale. But the President may, at his
option, advertise for sealed proposals, or Li
may have it put up at auction, ihe commit-
tee thought it would be best 'x give him the
opportunity of taking either course he might
deem best in order to obtain the highest price
for the property.
Mr. J ODD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the bill is so framed as that the prop-
erty may be sold in subdivisions?
Mr. SCOFlELD. It is.
