1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■237
gave to it—that the President agreed privately
to influence members of Congress. No such
thing; the protocol does not read that way.
But, sir, what of the protocol ? The Senator
seemed to think it was a very important mat-
ter, a great lion in the way that could not be
gotten over, and that rendered this resolu-
tion improper, and the interrogatories unim-
portant. Why, sir, he confessed himself, as I
understood him, that General Babcock had
made that protocol without authority ; and he
did do it upon his own motion, and there was
nothing in Ms instructions that authorized him
to do so but, as all men familiar with diplo-
matic negotiations understand, protocols are
of very common occurrence, and are always of
aprivate character, and never constitute a part
of the treaty. But as the treaty is gone, as we
have passed that by, as it is merely a relic of the
past, where is the importance of dwelling upon
this protocol and attempting to fix crime upon
the President in consequence of it? Sir, the
objection is frivolous, and I pass it by.
The Senator began his speech by saying that
this resolution inaugurated a '' dance of blood.''
This was a tremendous sentence, and burst
upon the Senate like a rocket in the air, which
always leaves darkness just after; and I would
like to inquire whether anybody was hit by
the stick when it came down. And I might
inquire whether bloou can dance, if that was
ever heard of before; and if it can, whether
his favorite and his model president, Saget,
the president of Hayti, did not engage in that
"dance of blood?"
Then he says again that my resolution cre-
ates three officers whose pay is governed by the
statute which he read. I was very much sur-
prised to hear this. The statute that he read
refers to a form of diplomatic and commercial
agent, a permanent officer that is described as
a commissioner, like the commissioner to the
Sandwich Islands, and does not refer at all to
such commissioners as are provided for in this
resolution. A great many persons are called
commissioners, but they do not fall within the
purview of the statute that provides for a per-
manent diplomatic officer such as we have at
the Sandwich Islands and at other places. We
have commissioners to examine twenty miles
of railway, and to do various other things.
Mr. CONKLINGr. That statute does not
refer to any commissioners except those named
in the statute itself. They are specifically
enumerated.
Mr. MORTON". Certainly; the commis-
sioners thereby created. But still this was
paraded here as an argument to go before the
country to show that we were creating commis-
sioners who were officers in the meaning of the
law, and to derive large compensation, such
as is provided for in that statute. Then the
Senator from Massachusetts says that this com-
mission will commit Congress to the policy of
annexation. Is there one word of foundation
for this statement? Is any Senator who may
not favor the annexation of San Domingo under
his present convictions to be frightened from
voting for this resolution by the bald declara-
tion that it commits Congrei-s to annexation ?
Not one word like it in the resolution; but it
simply provides for an examination; the com-
missioners are simply to repoit upon what terms
San Domingo may consent to be annexed or
desire to be annexed. That-report is to be
made to the President, and he is to lay it before
Congress for its consideration. If the facts
therein stated are favorable to annexation,
well: if they are unfavorable, well; thecommis-
sioners are not authorized themselves to give
their opinion upon the question. I was care-
ful in drawing the resolution to provide that
they should have no authority to give their
opinion at all. They are simply to report the
facts, and we are to pass upon them. So
nobody need be frightened against the resolu-
tion by saying that it commits Congress to the
policy of annexation.
Then, again, he says the resolution is unne-
cessary because the President has full power
to appoint the commissioners without it. Why,
this is a most astonishing argument 1 After
having pressed upon us with great force that
the appointment of Babcock was a usurpation,
and that his negotiation was a crime, the Sen-
ator comes back and tells us that this commis-
sion is wholly unnecessary, the President has
power to appoint commissioners without any
act of Congress to go there and do all that we
propose they shall do, and even more!
Why, sir, suppose the President had taken
that authority without consulting us, would he
not have been denounced fiercely for usurpa-
tion? Would this commission not have been
denounced as a mere private agency on his
part—and so it would have been—for the pur-
pose of aiding him in a most iniquitous scheme ?
No, sir; we took a different view of it; and the
President, allow me to say, has no power to
appoint a commission like this; he has no
power to provide a secretary; he has no power
to make the provisions that are contained in
this resolution.
Then, again, the Senator calls Baez, Cabral,
Fabens, and Babcock jockeys  
Mr. SUMNEll. Not Cabral; Cazneau.
Mr. MORTON. Ah! not Cabral; that revo-
lutionist is in favor, is he? A mere adventurer
who for the last two years has not had four
hundred men under his command at anytime,
aud has kept himself in the mountains of Hayti,
and has not been in Domiuica except upon
one occasion, when he ran over, I believe, to
Azua and was immediately driven back. Per-
haps I do not name correctly the place to which
he went, but it is near to the boundary line
between Dominica and Hayti. Why, sir, he is
a mere commander of banditti who does not
and has not endangered the government of
Baez ; but he has all the time been presented
in the consideration of this question as a for-
midable leader, with great strength behind him,
and not to be resisted except by the naval force
that the President has put at the command of
Baez to keep him in power!
Ah 1 Mr. President, Cabral has been made
good use of during this discussion of San Do-
mingo. He has been presented constantly as
a great difficulty, as an impending and threat-
ening danger only to be overcome by the mili-
tary power of the United States, a mere leader
of banditti; and the evidence so far as I have
seen it—and I think my investigations have been
almost as extended as those of the Senator
from Massachusetts—has never for a moment
presented liim as having any power to dis-
turb the stability of the Baez government in
Dominica.
But, then, be comes to the charge that we
have kept Baez in power by three ships of war
stationed upon that coast, and that the treaty
was negotiated under the guns of that fleet.
Admiral Poor has been denounced in the
bitterest terms for his conduct in regard to
Dominica and Hayti. Why, sir, I should
regard this as a very serious statement if it did
not appear to me to be ridiculous. With all
respect to the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, it seems to me that he has over-
drawn this tiling in a manner that can only be
described as ridiculous or ludicrous. These
[ revolutionists are not sea-going people. They
I have 110 fleet. Their field of operations, small
i as it is, is inland and among the mountains.
| But they have been kept in subjection by the
i three frigates of Admiral Poor! Wo must
I understand that the admiral has marched
! those frigates across the island and through
I the mountains, doubtless with a large crew of
: horse marines, that have kept this Cabral and
! his powerful army under subjection ! Why,
! sir, the character of the danger, whatever it
! has been, that may have menaced Baez has
! been inland among the mountains, where the
guns of Admiral Poor could not reach and
I where his voice svas never heard. And yet.
sir, the country is to be startled, a. wonderful
sensation is to be created by the statement
that this treaty was negotiated under the guns
of this fleet, and that Baez has beea kept in
power by its presence!
Mr. President, the truth is simple; it lies
upon the surface; I have been long satisfied
with it; and I confess to you that, so far as I
am concerned, I do not require the investiga-
tion on many of these points to satisfy my
mind. But while I may be satisfied others
may not be. The great truth is that men of
all parties in San Domingo are in favor of an-
nexation. The evidence is that the followers
even of Cabral are for it, and that Cabral him-
self has been in favor, and is now in favor, of
annexation. He undoubtedly would like to
make the treaty or to conclude the negotia-
tions, instead of Baez. But it has been the
desire and the earnest desire of the great body
of the people upon that island for years to be
annexed to the Government of the United
States, and it makes no difference, so far as
that is concerned, whether Cabral or Baez is in
power, or some other military adventurer that
may rise to the surface. They will all be in
favor of annexation, because nearly the entire
people, with the exception of a few desperate
military adventurers, are in favor of it.
Even the people of Hayti are in. favor of
annexation. Only a few months ago we had
Mr. Tait here, an able, educated, and intelli-
gent man, the minister from Hayti sent by the
Salnave government. He stated that the peo-
ple of Hayti, the great majority, were in favor
of annexation; and that they were in favor
of the annexation of Dominica to the Uni-
ted States because they hoped that would be
the precursor of their own annexation. But
Salnave was murdered in cold blood ; and the
wretched and desperate military adventurer,
the model president of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, when he came into power, for some
reason desired to interpose an objection to the
annexation of Dominica to the United States.
I am told—I do not know how true it is, but
it is stated in the papers, and the Senator has
evidently great faith in what is stated in the
papers from the reference he.made to myself—
that the minister of Saget, the blood-stained
president, or dictator, I should say, of Hayti,
had no more knowledge of his duties than to
send an impertinent note to our Secretary
of State remonstrating against what the Pres-
ident of the United States had said in his mes-
sage, and that he was promptly rebuked for his
ignorance and his insolence by our Secretary
of State, and I believe has apologized.
The Senator read from the message of Saget
and from the message of Grant, and he pre-
sented them in painful contrast, giving ihe
preference and expressing his free admiration
for that of Saget. Then, again, hedraws a pic-
ture presenting Grant with forty million people
at his back and Saget with only eight hundred
thousand. He presents to us a great Power
desiring to overwhelm and absorb Hayti, op-
pressing her by our fleet and threatening her
in the message of our President, all of which
is pure imagination from beginning to end.
Then, again, he says that the President tried
to get him and the Senator from New^ Hamp-
shire [Mr. Paiterson"] off the Committee on
Foreign Relations. If the President desired
anything of that kind, or made .any effort of
that kind, 1 do not know it. But I would like
to know who it is informed the Senator of that
fact. Who is his authority ? Who is so famil-
iar with the President as to obtain the expres-
sion of his secret desires, his secret operations,
and then goes and informs the Senator from.
Massachusetts? I undertake to say that he is
mistaken.
Mr. President, the annexation of San Domin-
go will come. I prophesy here_ to-night tha.t
it will come. It may not come in the time ox
General Grant, or in my time; but 1 believe
it is destined to come; and with it, too, the
