1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. JUDD. In reply to the remarks just
made by the gentleman frpm Pennsylvania, I
v ould say that the bill as reported, providing
fcr the sale at public, vendue, cuts off all idea
of private bids. That settles the question.
But authorizing the property to be sold either
at public vendue 3r on sealed bids opens the
door, as I understand, to receiving private bids
to be acted on at the- discretion of the Naval
Department..
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken even as to that. Before any portion of
it can be offered for sale a commission is to
appraise it, and it is not to be sold to anybody
for less than the amount of that appraisal. As
a matter of course we would be more likely to
secure a good price by authorizing the Secre-
tary to receive sealed proposals. The commit-
tee lud in view just the object which the gen-
tleman from Illinois is endeavoring to secure.
Mr. J UDD. I desire to have a little further
explanation in regard to this matter. I desire
to know whether by the terms of the bill, after
it is amended in this form, there would require
to be any public advertisement for these sealed
-proposals?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman had
listened to the reading of the bill he would
have seen.
Mr. JUDD. I did listen as well as I could.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Advertisement is to be
made in the New York and Brooklyn papers.
Mr. JUDD. 1 understand that provision
to relate to the proposition to sell at public
auction. Does it relate to the proposition to
receive bids?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly; it relates to
the whole.
Mr. JUDD. I cannot understand that there
is any fairer way to sell public property, even
after il, has been appraised, than to offer it,
alter advertisement, at puMic sale. If the
property is a* valuable as the gentleman says,
and if it is so located as to com"mand the price
lhat he thinks it will, there cau be no difficulty
in getting an adequate compensation for it by
telling it at public vendue.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am quite sure the gen-
tleman talks against his own motive. His
motive, I am sure, is to put the bill in a shape
that will secure the highest price and prevent
combinations among bidders. That is the
purpose of the committee also. But the lan-
guage reported by the committee in the amend-
ment is far better, I think, than the language
in the bill as it now stands. The gentleman
from Illinois and the committee have the same
object in view, and the only question is whether
we liave chosen the best language. I think
we have, and 1 hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection and let the bill stand in
that respect as the committee propose, so that
we can act on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The question was taken on the amend-
ment reported by the committee; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, ot Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment offered by my col-
league [Mr. DawhsJ by adding after the words
" Kittery, Maine," the words " or any other
navy-yard in the United States."
Mr. SCOFIELD. When I yielded t® the
gentleman 1 supposed that he was going to
offer an amendment in good faith.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Soldo.
Mr. SCOluELD. Jt is one designed to
embarrass the bill, and is evidently offered by
way ol argument
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have ttie gentleman explain why they
should not all be sold as well as these three.
I hope he will explain the necessity of sellin"
these three.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The committee have re-
ported in lavorot selling one for the consider-
ation of the House. It is a very important
matter; there may be other navy-yards that
ought to be removed. The gentleman from
Massachusetts. [Mr. Dawes] has offered an
amendment in good faith, one that he believes
ought to be carried. I do not suppose his col-
league [Mr. Hooper] is in favor of his own
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am not
in favor of selling either; but if three are to be
sold I suppose they should all be sold.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The mat-
ter is left to the discretion of the Secretary.
Mr. DAWES. I am earnestly in favor of the
bill reported by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield,] and 1 hope that it will
pass. At the same time I propose an amend-
ment which, while it does not compel, author-
izes and permits the sale of two other navy-
yards by the Government, in the same manner
as is provided in the bill in regard to the Brook-
lyn navy-yard. I have reason to believe that if
the Secretary is thus authorized, eventually,
and within a very short time, the enormous
expenditure of public money upon eight navy-
yards upon this coast will be reduced by the
reduction of the number of yards to five or six.
It is worth while for us to look at this matter,
as I hope—and I do notdoubt that my colleague
[Mr. Hooper] feels that itis, beyond any local
interest that may arise from any fancied ad-
vantage that the presence of a'navy-yard in a
district or State may bring to it—and to con-
sider whether the maintenance of ten navy-
yards is not an unnecessary expense. The
cost last year for the officers at the Washing
ton navy-yard alone was just about one hun-
dred thousand dollars. At that rate we are
paying about one million dollars a year for the
officers alone in charge of these yards.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I happen to know that
the conviction is fast pressing itself upon the
Navy that the number of these yards ought to
be diminished. In the lino of that policy there
is recommended in the naval bill now pend-
ing in this House a proposition for the build-
ing of a floating dock, not in a navy-yard at
all, not by the Government itself, but. by con-
tractors outside, thus at once confessing and
admitting that it would be better built, more
cheaply, more expeditiously, and betterin every
respect, by private contractors than it could be
at one of the navy yards. If that be built it
takes the navy-yard to the squadron, and ren-
ders it less necessary than ever to keep up
these yards.
Now, sir, League Island navy-yard is an ulti-
mate necessity; and sooaer or later we must
launch upon the expedition of making a navy-
yard at League Island. I am one of those who
believe it has the capacity for a great yard,
and along with that necessity comes an enorm-
ous ultimate expenditure. The Committee on
Appropriations have heW back as long as they
could. I have looked forward to the adoption
of this bill, or something like it, to the time
when, if this policy of reduction is entered
upon, we shall be enabled, without increasing
expenditures, to carry out the ultimate plan in
reterence to that island ; and perhaps the same
may be said of New London."
But, as to the idea of taking League Island
and New London mid adding them to the navy-
yards already on. hand, or at least making
one more navy-yard, if not two, it does seem
to me that we cannot indulge in that at all.
So that if we carry out that idea it seems to
me the necessity will be upon us to carry out
the plan ot reducing the number of our navy-
yards.
1 he amendment I have offered does not
compel the Secretary of the Navy to sell the
Charlestown and Kittery navy-yards, but it
authorizes him to do so; it enables him to
carry out this policy of contraction just so
far as he can. I hope lie will carry it out by
disposing ot the three yards named in the bill
and my amendment. Every reason that has
been offered in reference to the sale of the
Brooklyn navy-yard exists in reference to the
Charlestown -navy-yard, but they do not exist
in exactly the same proportion in reference to
the Kittery navy-yard.
There is no occasion to have the navy-yards
of Charlestown, Kittery, and New London, all
in New England. It is an unnecessary and un-
justifiable expense upon the Government. I
am for selling the two navy-yards now in New
England and letting the future decide upon
the question of the New London navy-yard.
If this bill thus amended can be adopted, I,
for one, can then see my way clearly to carry
out the anxious desire of those gentlemen who
have pressed upon us so often the consideration
of the League Island navy-yard, and to enter
then upon a just and economical expenditure
of mouey, looking to the ultimate making of
a large and permanent navy yard at League
Island.
The testimony of the world is uniform and
concurrent, and not conflicting, lhat. navy-yards
are being done away with by the English Gov-
ernment and by other Governments; not en-
tirely, but they are reduced to some extent every
day. There is a necessity for navy-yards, for
keeping the command in our own hands, and
looking as far as possible to the expenditure
of this money by private contracts and by pri-
vate enterprise, and only keeping so many yards
in operation as will eitable us to command the
situation at any time when the exigency may
be upon us. Beyond that, I think the ultimate
policy of this Government cannot be doubted,
that any money expended beyond that limit-
ation is au unnecessary expenditure of money.
I wish my colleague [Mr. Hooper] couid
see his way clearly to withdraw his embar-
rassing amendment to my amendment, and
allow the amendment as I have offered it to
go into this bill, thus authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to sell the Brooklyn, Charles-
town, and Kittery navy-yards, or either of
them, so that if he shall find it not best to
sell all, he can sell the Charlestown navy-
yard, and then wait till some future day to
sell the Kittery navy-yard. If the policy is so
fixed upon his mind, and he is so convinced
that he will have the cooperation of Con-
gress, as I doubt not he will have, then he
should have it in his power to se:l advan-
tageously all three of them, and then we will
be able to fix upon a more perfect policy in
reference to navy-yards in harmony with what
the modern opinions of the Old Woild (mid
not only theirs, but ours) are tending to.
Piivate enterprise, the economy ol private
affairs in the expenditure of money, is such
that the Government cannot compete in the
building of ships or in the superintending of
navy-yards without a positive draft on our
resources not justified, a positive and serious
draft upon the Treasury of the United Slates.
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker,
that the experience of other nations tends to
show the advisability of reducing the number
ot our navy-vards. I have no uoubt that, the
sentiment of this countn-, so far as it has been
turned to this subject, is in that direction. I
have no doubt that the sentiment of this House
runs the same way. But I have doubts whether
if this House will examine this bill it will be in
favor of all that it provides for and compre-
hends. It is one thing to reduce the number
of our navy yards, it is another thing to sell
oil'one yard and to build another. 1 do not
believe this House is in favor of the latter
policy.
Ihis bill, which originally provided for the
sale of the Brooklyn navy-yard, a subject
which was carefully examined by the Naval
Committee, provides also in section four, a*
members will find by examination, that the
Secretary of the Navy shall be authorized to
tnuihlei all the movable property in lhat yard
which it is not provided shall ba sold. Wheio
lo what place? Not merely to any other jaid
