238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
annexation of Cuba and Porto Rico. Why,
sir, this thing was foreseen long ago. I will
refer to a Massachusetts authority of high
character nearly fifty years ago withregard to
tlie propriety of annexing Cuba. Cuba is not
now before the Senate or involved in this con-
troversy. But, sir, San Domingo lies between
Cuba and Porto Rico. San Domingo is the
key of the West Indies. It contains the finest
harbor in the world. It commands the great
Mona passage from the Atlantic ocean to the
Caribbean sea. But, sir, I wish to refer to
what Mr. John Quincy Adams said with refer-
ence to the acquisition of Cuba, to show his
foresight and his philosophy. In a letter writ-
ten fay him as Secretary of State to our min-
ister in Spain, as long ago as 1823, he used
the following language, which I commend to
the Senator from Massachusetts :
''Numerous and formidable objections to the ex-
tension of our territorial dominions beyond the sea
present themselves to the first contemplation of
the 'subject; obstacles to the system of polioy by
which alone that result can be compassed and main-
tained are to be foreseen and surmounted both from
at home and abroad ; but there are laws of political
well as of physical gravitation, and if an apple
severed by the tempest from its native tree cannot
choose but fall to the ground, Cuba, forcibly dis-
joined from its own unnatural connection with
Spain and incapable of self-support, can gravitate
only toward the North American Union, which, by
the same law of nature, cannot cast her off from its
bosom."
Sir, I regard it as destiny not to be averted
by the Senator from Massachusetts nor by any
power that we shall acquire San Domingo and
Cuba and Porto Iiico. I referred yesterday
to an official statement in regard to the com-
merce of Cuba and Porto Rico. It is an offi-
cial document, which shows that the commerce
of those two islands with the United States
for the year ending July 1,1809, was S>88,102,-
670. Of that amount sixty-five millions and
upward were imports into this country from
those two islands, and fifteen millions were
exports, leaving a balance of trade against us
of fifty-eight millions to be paid in money.
During the same time our entire commerce
with the British possessions, with all Canada,
Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and the British
West Indies, inclusive, was only $72,000,000.
The entire commerce with Mexico and all the
South American republics during the same
time was only $72,000,000.
I have also an authority here—I do not
know that I can find the particular passage, but
I have had occasion to refer to it in the course
of the discussion of this question—showingthat
in 1789, before the revolutions in San Domingo
l.ad destroyed her prosperity, the commerce
of that island alone, including Hayti, if I re-
member correctly, was over eighty million dol-
lars, justifying what I said awhile ago, that San
Domingo is the richest piece of earth. Why, sir,
it is a great natural cabinet of all the choicest
productions of the world; and San Domingo
alone, which if we get it will cost us but very
little, is worth to us commercially, socially, and
in every other way, fifty Alaskas, for the acqui-
sition of which my friend from Massachusetts
was greatly in earnest, and in the bringing about
of which he had a large influence.
But I know there is talk about the popula-
tions of these countries. Sir, they are friendly
to us now, and will rapidly incorporate and
consolidate with the people of this nation in
case of acquisition. They will become con-
solidated and absorbed in this great people
long before the people of Canada will be con-
verted to annexation. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is greatly in favor of the acquisition
of all the Canadas, and I shall be, too, when
the time comes, but I tell him that the most
unreasonable, the most unconquerable, and ob-
stinate thing in this world is a British preju-
dice, and that the people of Canada are fur-
ther from us to day, and are less inclined to
annexation at this time, than they were thirty
years ago. When they are ready to come peace-
ably, and are anxious for it, I am ready to
receive them ; but the line of demarkation be-
tween them and us in point of feeling and senti-
ment would still remain distinct long after that
between us and the people of San Domingo and
Cuba would be obliterated.
I remember, when the proposition was made
to annex California and New Mexico, what fear-
ful pictures were drawn of the character of the
New Mexican population, and yet there is not
to-day a more loyal people to this Government
than the people of New Mexico.
The people of San Domingo, as I have said
before, I believe are almost to a man in favor
of annexation. I believe that is the feeling with
the great majority of the people of Hayti. Iam
satisfied that it is the feeling of an overwhelm-
ing majority of the people of Cuba. But we
are not now dealing with that island. We are
only addressing ourselves to the question of
San Domingo ; and I do not propose further to
examine the general merits of the question of
annexation.
This resolution expresses no opinion on either
side. It simply seeks to lay before this Con-
gress and before the American people the great
facts upon which we should determine whether
we will annex San Domingo or not. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts stands up here and
opposes information. He, the great advocate
of knowledge upon all ordinary occasions, is
now utterly opposed to obtaining it on this
subject.
I was struck with the argument of the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] this after-
noon. He said, forsooth, that this resolution
was unnecessary, because the President him-
self was able to lay before us all the informa-
tion we needed. The President has come into
great favor very suddenly with the Senator
from Delaware, who argued that we need not
to inquire for ourselves, we need not send to
San Domingo for the facts, because the Presi-
dent knew them all, and we ought to be satis-
fied with what he might lay before us. I will
say to the Senator from Delaware that the
President gave us the result of his knowledge
in his message. If the Senator accepts that as
sufficient, then he is justified in his statement;
not otherwise.
Now, Mr. President, I have said about all I
desire to say on this subject. I have referred
to every point made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. In conclusion I would say that his
points, almost without exception, are wholly
immaterial, considered with reference to the
inquiry as a new thing. We are now propos-
ing to start out on another basis. If we are to
have a treaty, it is to be a new treaty. It may
be that we would prefer a joint resolution, as in
the case of Texas. But all these things are in
the future. This resolution does not propose
to determine any of those questions, but sim-
ply to get the facts and leave them for the con-
sideration of Congress and the nation.
But the Senator wants this resolution referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. .Why,
sir, we have had a report from that committee
yesterday and to-day. At least three distin-
guished members of it have reported against
this resolution. They made strong speeches
denouncing it from beginning to end, the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Suhurz,] as one
member of the committee, describing it as a
humbug and a sham. After that committee
has thus made a report in open Senate, and
given its opinion against this resolution in
every possible aspect, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts desires it still to be referred to that
committee for a second report. I do not
think the second report would be any improve-
ment upon the first. I am satisfied that the
less we have of that kind of report the better.
That committee has expressed its sentiments.
The' motion is for delay, and can result only
in holding this resolution back to such a late
hour in this session as will, perhaps, forbid
action during the session.
Now, sir, as a matter of fairness to all—and
I appeal as well to those who were unfavor-
able to the proposition of annexation of San
Domingo before as to those who were in favor
of it, I appealed in the very beginning to the
Senator from Massachusetts to favor this ex-
amination—let us have the facts fairly and
impartially stated; not something to he dis-
puted, not something to be asserted by the
Senator from Massachusetts and to be denied
by myself or some other Senator, but some
statement authoritatively made to which we
can all appeal, and by that we will consent to
stand or fall. If that statement shall show
•prima facie that we ought not to annex Domin-
ica I shall be as earnestly opposed to it as the
Senator from Massachusetts. But if it shall do
what I believe it will do, show that the annex-
ation of San Domingo would be profitable,
that it would be expedient in every sense of
view, then I shall be earnestly in favor of it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I shall occupy the
attention of the Senate but a few moments
upon this question; and I should not have done
that but for the most extraordinary speech of
my most cherished friend from Massachusetts.
It is very rarely thatl assume to be as familiar
with any subject as he is ; but I shall be par-
doned on-this occasion for that assumption
when I say that I spent some tea days or more
in the examination of this matter.
The question directly before the Senate, as
I understand, is whether this resolution shall
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. I have the highest regard for that com-
mittee. I have a high regard for their integ-
rityand their fairness. I have also a due regard
to their prejudices and to their oft-expressed
opinions. If there had been any doubt on the
subject, I think the expressions of opinion we
have heard here to-day and yesterday from
members of thatcommittee would have determ-
ined one fact: that to refer this resolution to
that committee is death to its further consid-
eration. The resolution, if it should ever be
reported upon at all, would be returned to us
with an adverse report, and then stress won id
be laid on the weight of character of that com-
mittee and the great strength of the report.
It is not becoming in me, comparatively a
young member here, to assert what I cannot
prove, or to say what I can prove but what
the rules of propriety of this body deny me
from proving. Therefore, when I make an
assertion I shall expect my assertion to have
as much weight as one made by my honorable
friend. I have but two things to assert. In the
first place, I think it would have bothered a
stranger in these galleries to understand what
could have given rise, on the mere question of
the reference of this resolution, to this uncalled-
for attack upon the President of the United
States. .
It would be unbecoming in me to assail any
man who has as high a position in the public
estimation of this country and who has so many
pages of brilliant history as the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. He has danced in
that terrible "danceof blood which resulted
in the salvation of his country. There was
an invitation to all to dance in that dance of
blood ; but my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts, like myself, danced where there was
not much danger. The present President of
the United States danced literally in that
"dance of blood," which has impressed itself
not only upon the memory of the present gen-
eration, but he has danced so that it will go
down upon the pages of history and in tradition
as long as patriotism lives and is transmitted
1 from sire to son. Sir, is it the same President
I that the Senator attacks before whom an ad-
miring world bowed down almost in adoration,
and whose marble bust stands now in the Sen-
ator's own house, I presume, for he collects the
great works of art, as one of the trio of the
saviors of this country.
I am not here to defend the President of the
United States. He needs no defense at my
