1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
adjourn. It is long after our usual time for
adjournment.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Appro-
priations the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No; 2615, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling so-called
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes, in order to move that they be
non concurred in, and to ask a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
Mr. COX. I am willing to yield to any
indispensable business.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope there will be no
objection to my motion. If there is, I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to let this go over, so that we may have
the amendments of the Senate printed.
Mr. SARGENT. They have been printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object;
and rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. What is the gentleman's
point of order?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
this: it was agreed by a vote of the House
that we should go on with the appropriation
bills to the exclusion of all other business.
Under that order the Speaker has ruled that
the rules could not be suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker has not so
decided.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I so
understood him. I asked to suspend the rules
and was decided to be out of order.
The SPEAKER. That was to do other
business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
It was agreed that it was necessary that we
should go on with these appropriation bills.
If they are not going on with the pending bill,
then I propose to adjourn.
Mr. VAN WYCK. What has become of my
motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed the
gentleman had withdrawn it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir, I did not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from Massachusetts state his point
of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That would not be a point
of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
a right to hear the amendments of the Senate
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has sent for
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] under which the
House is acting, iu order to know its exact lan-
guage before deciding on the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] The Clerk will read the res-
olution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That tho rules bo so suspended that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the several regular appro-
priation bills, and that the same be considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole, :md in order
therein as reported by the Committee on Appropri-
ations: and that on and alter two o'clock to-day
they take precedence of all other orders until dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. This resolution has refer-
ence only to appropriation bills which were
then in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The Chair has ruled dar-
ing the pendency of these appropriation bills
that he could not entertain amotion to suspend
the rules for any other purpose than for some
amendment to one of the pending appropri-
ation bills. He therefore sustains the point
of order, and he cannot entertain a motion to
suspend the rules to bring up the amendments
of the Senate to the Indiau appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will now be allowed
to proceed with the bill.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 96, not voting
66; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Booker, Buckley,
Burchnrd, Burdett, Burr, Sidney Clarke, Atnasa
Cobb. Conner, Corker, Cowles. Cox, Crebs, Degener,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan ¥. Dixon, Doekery, Dox,
Duke. Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Getz. Hambie-
ton, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones Judd. Kerr,
Lawrence. Lewis, Lvnch, Manning, Marshall, Mc-
Carthy. McCrary, McKee, MeNeely, Morey, Mor-
gan, William W. Paine, Potter, Price, Reeves, Rice,
Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
Joseph S. Smith. William J. Smith. Worthington C.
Smith. Stiles, Strader. Taffe, Upson, Van Trump,
Van Wyek, Welker, Willard, JohuT. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, Woodward, and Young—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Armstrong, Arnell, At"
wood, Axteli, Banks, Barry, Bennett, Benton,
Bethune, Bingham, Boles, George M. Brooks. Buck,
Buffiriton, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin. Cessna, Churchill,William T. Clark, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cullom, Darrali, Dawes,
Dickey, Donley, Ela, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Fox, Gilfillan", Haight, Hale. HamiH, Hawley, Hay,
Hoar, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketehain, Knapp, Lafiin, Long, Maynard. McKen-
zie, Mercur, William Moore. Morphis, Daniel J.
Morreil, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Pomcroy, Porter, Prosser, Randall,
Roots. Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod, John A. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Taylor,Tillman, Townsend,
Trimble. Twichell, Tyner. Van Auken, Van Horn,
Wells. Williams. Eugene M. Wilson, and Wolf—96.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ayer. Bailey, Bar-
nuiB, Beaman, Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks. Cake. Cleveland, Cook, Dickinson, Duval,
Dyer, Fitch, Garfield. Gibson, Griswold, Haldeman,
Hoys, HefUn, Hill, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Inger-
soll, Johnson. Knott, Lash, Logan, Loughridge,
Mayham, McCormiek, McGrew, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Moore. Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morris-
sey, Munsccn, Newsham, Niblack, Pcrce, Poland,
Rainey. Rogers, Sanford, Porter Sheldon, Slocum,
Stone, Swann. Sweeney, Sypher, Tanner, Voorhees,
Wallace, Ward. Cadwaladn- C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whiteiey, Whitmore, Wil-
kinson, Winans, and Witcher—66.
So the House refused to' adjourn.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. B. No. 2324) granting a pension
to John E. Wilson ;
Aji act (H. R. No. 2709) for the relief of
Joseph Anderson, a citizen of Davidson county,
State of Tennessee ;
An act (H. R. No. 2933) ceding certain lands
in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan, to E. A.
Franks;
An act (H. R. No. 2634) to amend an act
approved Ma^ 81, 1870, entitled " An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes ; " and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 447) to extend
the benefit of the act establishing the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to the
disabled soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812 and the Mexican war.
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of
the sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the paragraph as amended :
For necessary appliances and tools for the con-
struction of a nary-yard at the site on Thames river,
Connecticut, and for wharves, preparing grounds,
commencing quay wall, and for permanent improve-
ments for navy-yard on Thames river, Connecticut,
$100,00!).
I have offered this amendment in accord-
ance with the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, using substantially the same
language as is used iu the amendment of the
gentleman now occupying the chair [Mr. Soo-
FIELD] with reference to League Island. But
I ask only for $100,000 instead of $250,000,
the amount set down in the estimates of last
year. I hope now, having yielded for the
amendment which has been passed upon by
the House, and the Secretary of the Navy
having made his estimate for this, the good
faith of the Government having been pledged
to it, and the site having been approved by a
commission consisting of Admiral Stringham
and others, and also by a committee of this
House—I hope, I say, in view of all these cir-
cumstances, that I shall now have a favorable
vote from the House on the amendment I have
submitted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. I desire to know whether there is any
law authorizing this appropriation.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We haw already
had an appropriation of $10,000 for a survey,
&c.,  id the site has been selected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. An appropriation
for a survey does not make a law. Will the
gentleman show the law ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. TheSpeaker has
already ruled that this is in accordance with
existing law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was not aware
that any such decision had been given by the
Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field.) The amendment now proposed by the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] was proposed as an amendment to
the amendment relative to the navy-yard at
Philadelphia, and the Speaker of the House,
then occupying the chair, held that it was in
order as an amendment to the amendment.
And if it was then in order, it must still be
in order as an amendment to the section as
amended.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know that it is of any use for me to oppose
this amendment. [Loud cries of "VoteI"
"Vote!"] I understand from the statement
of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Starkweather] that there was an under-
standing that this amendment was to be put
through after the one for League Island.
[Loud cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. RANDALL. There has been bo such
understanding.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I made no such
statement.
Mr. DAWES. I state, Mr. Speaker, that I
believe there has been such an understanding.
[Cries of " No!"' "No!"]
Mr. RANDALL. There has been nothing
of the kind.
Mr. HALE, Mr. PETERS, and others. We
will vote the amendment down.
Mr. DAWES. I state also, Mr. Speaker,
that there has been no recommendation from
the Secretary of the Navy, to my knowledge,
that has come to this House for this appro-
priation. [Cries of "Vote it down! '] I
say there is no need of it; it is an unneces-
sary expenditure of money. I protest against
it. [Cries of "Vote!" "Vote!"] I call for
a vote.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to be
heard for a moment. [Cries of "Order!"
"Order!" "Question!"]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there has been
an arrangement between the friends of New
London and the friends of League Island, on
the principle of "you tickle me and I'll tickle
you," it is not worth while to spend anymore
breath on the subject.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Lei me correct
that statement. There has been no such ar-
rangement. AH that has been said on the sub-
ject has been said here publicly. I repel the
! insinuation that there has been any trade m
! the matter. [Loudcriesof " Vote!" 'Vote! ]
Mr. HALE. The vote will show.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Let as vote down the
-amendment.
