1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
not be conveniently or so well supplied elsewhere.
Therefore, all that the warmest friends of the dock-
yards can reasonably say in support of them is that
wc havothem, and for that reason we ought to use
and cherish them. Bat the same reasons would lead
us to use and cherish th« coats of mail in the Tower
of London, because we have them, and the battle-
axes. broadswords, and unmelted cannon of the last
century that still incumber our great arsenals."
For many years the Government yards were
the only ones of any magnitude in the world;
war vessels were of greater tonnage and supe-
rior workmanship to any in use in commerce.
Now all this is changed. So strong is the de-
sire of securing the carrying trade of the world
that private enterprise has far outstripped the
Government works. The private yards of
both England and France are superior to the
public yards, and for several years past much
of the Government wsrk of both England and
France has deen done in the private yards, and
more*and more is being done every year. I
think I risk little in saying that if England
and France had no public yards to-day none
would be established; for it is perfectly clear
that ship-building and ship-repairing can beas
well done by private parties and at far less
expense. To avoid the danger of inferior work
it would only be necessary that, the .Govern-
ment should detail its ownoQicers to supervise
it. In proof of the fact that the work can be
done more cheaply by the contract system I
quote from the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy, in answer to a resolution of the House
of 61 h of January, 18G8, (Executive Document
No. 280, second session Fortieth Congress:)
** The screw-sloop Madawaskn, tonnage 3,281 car-
ryingjfifteen guns, huiltat the New York navy-yard
in 1865, cost $1,673,080 52, while tbe Chattanooga, of
about the same tonnageand same guns, built in 1866
under contract with William Cramp & Son*, cost
$950,159 81, being a difference of more than $720,000
in f-vor of a vessel built by contract.
"The paddle-wheel steamer Peoria, tonnage 974,
ten guns. built in the New York navy-yard in 1863,
llic Government$305,199 73, while the Iosco, a
ves.H-l of the same class, same tonnage, and same
number of guns, built in the same year under con-
tract with Larrabee & Allen, cost but $161,763 6S,
being but a little more than half of the cost of the
former.
"The paddle-wheel steamer Sebago. tonnage 832,
ton guns, built in thcICittery navy-yard in 1861, co-t
tho Government $212,7fl 22, while the Paul Jones,
tonnago 863. with seven guns, built iu 1862undercon-
tract with John J. Abranam*, cost bat $102,603 33,
being loss than half the co^tof the former.
" The iron-clad, double-turret vessel Miantono-
inah, tonnsige 1.564, tour guns, built in the New York
navy-yard iu 1861. cost $1,310,773 08, while tho Win-
nebago, a vessel of the same class, tonnage 970, four
guns, was I • ult in 1863 under contract with J.imes B.
£iad> tor $384,909 84. being considerably less than one
third tho cost of tUe former."
\V!nle on this subject of the relative cost of
building by contract wiih private parties as
compaicd with the cost of building in the Gov-
ernment yards 1 desire to read a few lines
from the treatise on the English dock yards
from which I have just quoted. It appears
that a committee was appointed by the House
of Commons to investigate this matter in 1859,
and the author of this work says, referring to
their report:
"The committee made a remarkable and still un-
a<\;ounted-tor discovery as regards the relative cost
of ships built in tho different (lock-yards during the
practical regime. It wassubstantially this: iuall the
dock-yards there were the same raw materials, the
same timber, tools, smiths' fires, &e.. an i-the same
classes ot skilled and unskilled workmen engaged on
the snips, as like each other as peas or sheep. These
skilled and unskilled workmen received the same
wages for the same tasks and jobs. But it was found
that, notwithstanding the identity of the conditions,
the game ships cose twice as much in some of the
dock-yards as in others. IIow this happened no one
knew, and no one yet knows."
lie quotes from the reports as follows :
" The Shannon, a frigate of fifty-one guns and 2,621
tons, built ar, Portsmouth, cost £J4.03i for ship-
wrights' labor, or at tho ra?e of £5 5*. 10'/. per ton,
white the Cne^apeake, also a frigate of fiftv-one
gun.*, but of 2,35-5 tons, built at Chatham, cost £9,372,
or at the rate of £3 19«. Id. per ton.- The Mersey,
forty guns, built at Chatham and fitted at Ports
mouth, cost for shipwrights' work £14,842, or £3 19*.
lid. per ton. while the Orlando,of fitty guns, built at
Pembroke and fitted at Devonport, cost for ship-
wrights' woik £19.535, or £5 4<*.8t/. per ton. though
both ships are ot the same tonnage, form, and dimen-
sions."
This statement certainly shows that even in
the well-regulated dock-yards of England there
is a vast squandering of money.
In comparing the cost to our Government
of the vessels built inourown navy yards with
those built by contract it should be borne in
mind that the cost as shown by the Secretary
comes far short of being the total cost of the
vessels. To arrive at the actual cost of the
work done in our navy-yards we must add to
the amount given by the Secretary the amount
paid for keeping the yards themselves in re-
pair; also the interest of the present value of
the yards and the salaries of the naval officers
in charge. Now, let us look at the first of
these items.
During the past five years there has been
appropriated for repairs and additional im-
provements a little over six million three hun-
dred thousand dollars. Now add the annual
interest on from seventy-five to one hundred
million dollars, the present value of our navy-
yards, and it will be seen that the cost of our
vessels as stated by the Secretary is but little
more than half their actual cost to the Gov-
ernment.
The reason for the great disparity in the
cost of work done by contract and that done
in our- Government yards is perfectly well
known to all who are at all familiar with the
subject. Economy demands that men em-
ployed in ship-building should be skilled work-
men, and should be retained iu service as long
as they are profitable servants. They are
placed in the yard and are driven from it for
political reasons. No man, however valuable
he may be as a skilled workman, can hold his
place unless he is willing to sell his vote and
political influence to the party in power. The
result is that few seek employment in our navy-
yards except those who are willing to sell their
votes, and such men very seldom make faith-
ful employs. They go there, not to work,
but to draw their pay and to vote for and aid
the persons^ who give them employment to
carry on political primaries.
So well is this understood that no man who
has been employed in the Brooklyn navy yard
can be employed in any private yard. The
very fact that he has been in a Government
yard is deemed sufficient, evidence of his unfit-
ness lot* any place where industry is required.
It frequently happens just prior to an election
that thousands of men are employed simply
to obtain their votes; in other words, our
public yards are used as a meaiis of purchas-
ing votes and ot corrupting our polities by
a direct use of our public funds. No work
is ever economically done in a Government
workshop. What is true of the Navy is equally
true of the Army. We have an Army of
thirty thousand men, and to supply it with
arms and ammunition we maintain no less
than twenty-seven arsenals. The construc-
tion and repairing of arms for our little force
and the manufacture of ammunition e uid all
be done by contract in a single private armory
at less than one half the cost of keeping our
arsenals in repair. I am convinced that no
Government, either State or national, should
ever attempt to do any work which can be
dono under contract with private individuals.
I know of no reason why we should have
yards for ship-building and arsenals for the
manufacture of arms which would not be
equally applicable to the manufacture of cloth-
ing, boots, and shoes for our soldiers, or to
the fattening of pork for their rations; yet
if the Government were to establish a cloth-
ing or shoe factory the cost of these articles
would be increased at least three hundred per
cent. I am confident that if we had no navy-
yards in the country to day we should have
too much good sense to establish one, but
should encourage private enterprise, aid the
ship-building interest, not by giving it sub-
sidies, but by giving it what it stands far more
in need of—the work of the Government. No
sane man would advocate the establishment
of Government yards as rivals to private en-
terprise, and then support the latter by voting
it money direct from the Treasury.
On this subject I will read a few words from
a work on the French dock-yards, published
iu 1864:
"Tho French Government, to use a common
phrase, is just now, and ior some time past has
been, moving heaven and earth to develop private
ship-building and engine-building in France. For
this there has been the double motive ot creating a
great national resource and of obviating tho neces-
sity of incumbering the dock-yards with machinery
and tools. Of the tool and machinery question tho
broad view has been taken that it is enough if the
tools and machinery exist in France, and ttiat it
•would be preposterous lor the Government to enter
into a manufacturingcompetition in wuich it would
be sure to fail; and it has Deen warned by the estab-
lishment at Indret, in which all the engines were to
be manufactured for tho navy. Indret is a fail-
ure. Like Woolwich, it was too unwiefuy tu produce
anything at a fair price, or even at a price that
could readily be ascertained, and, what was scarcely
less serious, the workmanship was inferior, indret,
therefore, ceased to make engines, and ior a time
the Clyde, the Mersey, und the Thames were resoi ted
to. An easy effort, however, carried the minister
of marine through the difficulty. He had only to
look to private enterprise iu France, and it has been
said of M. Mazeline, of Havre, that when favored
with the first imperial order he publicly took tho
novel course of at once dispensing with ttae services
oi English workmen. Now, iu M. Mazeline's estab-
lishment at Havre, France possesses oue of the best
engine-shops m .Europe. Two more are situated oil
the Gulf oi Lyons, which are not much interior.
Then, as to ship-yards, there is iVl. Goum'a, at Nantes,
M. Aruiand's, at Bordeaux, and ttte one ot La. fiseyne
Company, at the head ot Toulon harbor, all yards
turning out the largest class of iron-ciads. Tho
Havre establishment ot M. AJormand is aisoquite as
capable. By intelligent Govermnentaupporc ot pri-
vate industry, most cordial assistance toward the
improvement of harbors and the construction of
docks, the naval resources oi France, withiutuo past
few years, have been more than doubled."
There are now several bills pending before
the House proposing to aid the ship building
interests by direct gifts of money. Private
enterprise is seldom stimulated or kept in ex-
istence by such aid. Would it not be more
economical on the part of the Government, and
far better for the ship-building interest, it we
could do as has been done in France, aid the
interest by allowing it to do a portiou of the
Government work?
But, whatever may be the opinion of any
one as to the necessity of keeping up our Gov"-
eminent yards, theie can be no question as to
the bad policy of locating them or retaining
them m tne heaits of our great cities. Tins
\ard was located in Brooklyn when the city
was a village, having a population of about
two thousand inhabitants, llie first land pur-
chased cost but a few hundred dollars per acre.
Now, Brooklyn has a population of lour bun-
dled thousand inhabitants, and this land is
worth and will bring many millions. Admiral
Porter, in a lelrer 1 have iu my hand, estimates
the yard would sell for ^20.0ilU,(JU0. 1 do
not concur m the estimate; but! know, if sold,
it would bring enough to buy a new and better
site, and pay tor the establishment of oue of
the finest yards in the wui Id 5 ajaiil hi w inch
iron as well as wooden ves.-els can be built.
1 will send Lo the Clerk's desk the letter of
Admiral Poiter and accompanying uolea, and
ask that the bame may be read.
The Clerk read us iollows:
KA.VYDEPAETMF.Xr,
   ASHINGTON, Jkhuui y 15, lSTO.
Dear General: I send you the noreson tho New
j oik navy-yard you askeu mo tor. If there is any-
thing else j ou require m regard to this matter please
let me know. *
^0lVinq.uiry* \ fint? that the property can bo sold
for about twenty million dollar*
^Sotcs.
Our navy-yardsare very much too small, and those
purchased their sues and planned them could
not nave anticipated the rapid growth of our coun-
try and its future naval wants.
„;r;!^SO£3?e cafFs l|Je >'ai'ds are in the midst of largo
cities, wherethey havenot the conveniences afforded
m less crowded places, where the water front is too
small, and wnore there is continual apprehension of
The navy-yard at Brooklyn, New York, is our
principal dependenco m ca*eof war, and the nio-t
experienced ofiiccrs do not hesitate to say that it is
quite inadequate for the purposes intended.
