1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
desire to hand this Administration over into the
hands of the enemy? I know he does not, but
I could not help noticing the peculiar smiles
of those who would seize the scepter which it
now wields. It gives consolation to the enemy
but pain to our friends. It gives hope where
hope had almost fled. You will see it in the
Patriot and in the Democratic papers all over
the country that the "great Sumner" has let
fly an arrow at the President. Sir, it will not
hit his head or his heart; but I know it will be
painful to him, because, actuated by the purest
motives, these assaults cannot be felt otherwise.
How much better would it have been had the
honorable Senator said, "Here, the President
seems desirous to have this com mission; I want
all the light I can get on the subject; I.join in
that request, and i shall submit then to the
people whether he or I be right." That would
have been the nobler part; and I regret exceed-
ingly that my honorable friend did not see fit
to pursue it.
Now, sir, I have said all I desire to say on
this question except one word. My friend had
a beautiful conclusion! And you know, Mr.
President, that no man rounds his periods so
beautifully as my friend; he rolls up in colossal
forms his figures and caps tliem with the finest
specimens of eloquence. In his conclusion he
said that he did not stand here to oppose this
measure simply upon such and such grounds,
but, rising to his enormous fullness of stature,
he declared that he did it in behalf of human-
ity. Sir, what is the true course of humanity
to pursue? To stop the effusion of blood there.
His description of the effect of our flag there
was a tribute that it never received before. Its
simple presence was the harbinger of peace ;
and the bugle of Cabral, and the turbulence,
if you please, of Baez were hushed before the
power of that flag.
But my friend asks why are ships of war
there but for a menace? Sir, we float our
ships in the Mediterranean. Whom are we
menacing there? Why do our ships float in
the southern Atlantic, along the whole line
of coast of other Governments? They are
patrolling the seas as watchmen, vigilant and
faithful on their course. Why were our ships
found weighing up to Alaska, when it was not
ours, but Russia's? To see, as with the eye
of the eagle, the approach of any threatened
danger to our country. WThy do our ships
go everywhere ? Why are they seen in the
Bosphorus? They are seen there as mission-
aries of our country, bearing the flag of joy
and peace wherever they go. They are seen
at Samana under the same commission ; they
are seen at San Domingo under the same com-
mission; they are seen at Havana under the
same commission, and from time to time at
every other port of the known world. Sir, it
is the glory of this country that her ships pen-
etrate every nook and corner of the inhabitable
world to guard and protect her commerce, to
give evidence to other nations that the eyes
of the American people are on their citizens
everywhere. Seek other cause than that- to
show crime on the part of the President. Our
ships are omnipresent. Why, then, I ask of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
are French ships in the harbor of New York?
Because by the custom of nations they are
entitled to be there. Why are our ships seen
in Liverpool and London? Because it is an
exchange of courtesy by nations that they have
always adopted. Why do our ships float at
ail? I have answered that. But, sir, are they
a menace to any other people on the face of the
earth but to the people of San Domingo? I hope
what the honorable Senator has said is true,
that our vigilance has stayed the hands of the
blood-thirsty there; and humanity, if it could
speak, should thank us instead of charging it
as a crime upon I he President. In the name
of humanity I rejoice at it, and in the name of
justice the world will rejoice.
Mr. BAYAKD. Mr. President, it pleased
the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mon- 1
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 16.
ton] to make some reference to the remarks I
made this morning, and among other matters
that I took down as falling from him just now
was the alleged statement on my part that the
President of the United States had all the
knowledge and information that we required
on this subject, and he ridiculed such a propo-
sition ; and if I had made it, I should have
thought it worthy of ridicule. It was a strange
misunderstanding of my remarks upon the part
of the honorable Senator, that he should have
supposed that I accused the President of having
a great deal of knowledge about anything con-
nected with civil administration. He is mis-
taken on that subject undoubtedly. Ifl wanted
proof of the want of knowledge and information
of the President of the United States in regard
to matters of civil government, I would prefer
to cite the unprecedented course that he has
adopted in respect of the present matter now
before the Senate.
It also pleased the honorable Senator to
declare that I had here stated that I would con-
sign the people of San Domingo to slavery.
Sir, my remarks bore no such just construction.
There was no such idea intended. As for San
Domingo, with its amiable and lovely popula-
tion of black cutthroats, so delightful and con-
genial to the Senator's taste, I will simply
say that with them I would ask for my people
to have no intercourse of any kind whatever,
but let them go to the right as I would to the
left, and there never should be communion
between us.
But, sir, he went further, and he declared
that I stood a mourner by the putrefying corpse
of slavery. This charge is but part of that
fluent slander which forms so large a part of
the declamatory abuse of that honorable Sen-
ator and his party, intended, I suppose, to keep
alive ancient.hates and old prejudices. He has
gone out of his way to apply such phrases to
me. There was no justification for his remark,
and to him and to the Senate I simply de-
nounce his statement as wantonly untrue and
unjustified in every particular.
Nay, sir, he said, and sneeringly proposed,
that we should export one of the institutions
of our penal code, the whipping-post, from
Delaware to the island of San Domingo. Well,
sir, it was his proposition, and there may
have been some lurking sense of the fitness of
things that produced his remark. Our laws
iu Delaware do meet with very little approval
from a very large class of people. W'e whip
thieves, and apply the lash severely to the
assailants of female chastity; and with such
people we expect to have no sympathy, to
have no part or lot, and to drive them from
among us.
"Ko man e'er felt tlie halter draw,
With good opinion of the law."
We do scourge felons, and may the day be
long absent when we fail to do it. I suppose
it would suit rather the views of other gentle-
men to elevate them to positions of high office
under the American Government. As for
the State of Delaware, she needs no defense
from me. Her history is not a short one.
Her history is one of truth, of fidelity to every
obligation she has undertaken to her country
and to her sister States. Sir, she is beyond the
reach of sneers or slander, such as we have
heard proposed to-night in the Senate of the
United States by the honorable Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. Just one word. Mr. Pres-
ident, I should be glad to have the report of
the stenographer read, if there is any doubt
about the proposition of the Senator to restore
slavery in San Domingo, and if he did not say
it was better that they should be restored to
good masters. That is clearly what he meant;
I so understood him ; and it is too fresh in the
recollection of this Chamber for him to get up
here and boldly deny his words before they are
scarcely flown.
Mr. BAYARD. Deny my words! No, sir;
I stand by my words. 1
Mr. MORTON. Not much.
Mr. BAYARD. In the Chamber aiid out
of the Chamber I stand by my words. It will
not do for the Senator for party purposes; 
Mr. MORTON. The record will show.
Mr. BAYARD. My words have been re-
ported, and at this moment they are in the
hands of the reporter written out, and there
they may stand—the words that I uttered at
all periods of to-day. I said nothing like
placing these men under masters. I said that
they would be better—I think my phrase was—
with a strong-handed, just-minded master to
control them, than to be cutting each other's
throats as they have been doing for the last
half a century.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I was
not in my seat when a certain statement was
made by the Senator from Massachusetts this
afternoon, and I requested the reporter to write
out precisely what he said. I have his words:
"In other days to carry a project a President has
tried to change a committee. It was James Bu-
chanan; and now we have been called this session to
witness a similar endeavor by our own President.
He was not satisfied with the Committee on Foreign
Relations as constituted for years. He wished to
change it. lie asked first for the removal of the
chairman. Somebody told him that that would not
be convenient. He then asked for the removal of
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Sohuez,] and he
was told that that could not be done without affect-
ing the German vote. He then called for the removal
of my friend the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Pattekson,] who, unhappily, had no Germans in his
State. It was finally settled that that could not be
done."
I desire to ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, as this is a positive peremptory state-
ment, to give to the Senate his authority for
it. It is a positive charge; there are no " ifs "
and "ands;" and if the Senator has any
authority I should like to have him give it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have understood that
the President, in conversation with a Senator,
expressed a desire for the removal of the
chairman.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator give
the name of that Senator ?
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not. I have also
understood through various reports that he de-
sired the removal of the Senator from Mis-
souri, and that it was suggested that, being a
German, his removal would have a large influ-
ence on the German population ; and then I
have been told that the next suggestion was
that the Senator from New Hampshire should
go, and I have been told that these very sug-
gestions were discussed at length in the cau-
cus committee of the Republican party that
undertook to revise the committees. I have
so understood. If I have been misinformed
I shall be glad to be corrected by the Senator,
who was chairman of that caucus committee
and doubtless in communication with the Pres-
ident. I certainly have no desire to do any
injustice to the President. I only gather on
this subject what has been repeated to me by
a Senator, also by others out of the Senate,
and by public report in the press. If in any
respect I have gone beyond the precise facts,
I certainly shall regret it; but in making the
statement that i did 1 felt that I was not going
beyond the precise facts.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, had the
Senator stated that it was mere hearsay, that
it was a rumor that he knew nothing about, I
should not have called his attention or the
attention of the Senate to his statement. But
you will notice, sir, that it is a positive state-
ment on his own responsibility, no rumor, no
hearsay. "I, Charles Sumner, say this was
so, and I arraign the President for it." And
now he says "It is mere rumor, mere hearsay
I do not know anything about it;" and then
he comes and asks me to divulge a confiden-
tial conversation in a committee of a cau(;US
of this body which it was expressly stipulated
should be confidential. If there, is a membei
of that committee so mean as to discJose that
information I demand his name, and 1 have
a right, as chairman, to demand it.
