1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
WaSHBOKn] to make a motion.
committee of claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
ask the House to give Saturday of next week,
after the morning hour, to the Committee of
Ciaims, which has. now before them many
Senate bills which will not be reached this
session unlesathis request is acceded to.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
ItELIBF TO FRANCE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. B. No. 500) to remit duties upon certain
imported articles donated for the benefit of
destitute citizens of Prance; which was read
a first aud second time.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to remit the
duties upon such imported articles of mer-
chandise concerning which he shall have sat-
isfactory evidence that they are donated and
actually sold in fairs for the benefit of the des-
titute and wounded citizens of Prance.
The joint resolution was' ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, .moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
protection of texas frontiers.
The House resnmed the consideration of the
bill (H. B. No. 2690) for the better protection
of the frontiers of'i'exas.
Mr. DEGENER. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. I understand that an hour
is allotted to me for debate on this bill, and
that if the previous question is seconded I
shall then have another hour at my disposal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. DEGENER. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Slocum] who, I
understand, is t,o oppose the bill.
Mr. SLOCUM. I merely desire to call the
attention of the House, in connection with this
bill, to the fact that it is only one of a class
of bills. It is one of a large class which have
been presented to this House. All others of
the class have been rejected. New Mexico,
Arizona, and several other western States and
Territories have been before the House, ask-
ing that they might be allowed to raise inde-
pendent armies, which the General Govern-
ment should support. These bills have prop-
erly been referred to the Military Committee,
where this one also belongs, and where it once
was. meeting, however, with no favor there.
Now, if the Government is going into this
business of allowing each of its States and
Territories to organize independent armies,
let Congress say so, and the Military Commit-
tee will retrace its steps on the bills of this
character which it has had under considera-
tion. 1 have now in my desk two memorials
on this subject from western Territories, ask
ing to be allowed to raise independent armies.
1 have been told that there has been a letter
circulating around the House saying that the
President approves this. If that is true, I
should like to have the letter read from the
Clerk's desk, for the simple reason that if the
President has approved bills in advance the
House ought to know it. And I suppose, if
ho has written any such letter advocating a
measure of this kind, he has done it in pur-
suance of some comprehensive plan, and has
explained to us how lie is to make his Quakers
and the Texan rangers work together in har-
, mony, for !his is merely a bill to leorganize the
Texan rangers. They are generally supposed
to be a pretty savage class of men. 1 under-
stand the President's policy has been what is
called the Quaker policy, and he lias been
hunting all over Pennsylvania for Quakers to
act as agents; and I suppose he will try to
make his Quakers and the Texan rangers work
together in harmony. I hope the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Degener] will favor us with
that letter, if he has it.
I want to call the attention of the House to
another little matter in connection with the
organization of volunteer troops to fight the
Indians. There have been before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs this session not less
than five or six bills to pay such troops for
their services. They are a class of men who
never seem to get paid for this service. Bills
are now pending to pay for services of this
kind rendered fifty years ago. If this bill
passes none of us will live to see the claims
for services paid.
Mr. DEGENER. I will reply at once to the
gentleman from New York. He speaks of
independent armies. He assails the history of
the bill. He speaks of a letter of the Presi-
dent, and of the anomaly of rangers and Qua
kers being for once in, their lives in harmony
as to the.policy that should be pursued toward
the Indians. He has much to say of the indem-
nification bills of the different States wlxch
have been already brought before Congress,
and which will be eventually submitted. 1 will
reply to these different attacks seriatim. First,
of the independent armies. Under the Con-
stitution of the United States, "Congress has
the right to raise and support armies, but no
appropriation of money to that use shall be for
a longer term than two years." What does
the Committee on Indian Affairs now propose
that Congress should do? Raise an army?
No, sir, merely raise a supplementary force
to make up for the deficiencies of our regular
standing Army. This is noarmy; itisahome
guard, a sort of militia, which, for the purpose
of avoiding a conflict between the national
Government and the State government, is
placed under the command of the Secretary of
War. If the gentleman from New York will
refer to the bill he will find in the first section
that it is the Secretary of War who shall have
the right to call these "rangers," as he calls
them, but " minute men," as I call them, into
the field, and organize and control them.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sloccm]
alludes to the history of the bill. I will satisfy
the House in that respect. I offered a bill in
substance the same as the one we are now dis-
cussing at the beginning of the last session.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. But the pressure of business, still
more the routine, prevents us frequently from
hearingfrom committees when their reports are
most heeded. Thus the Committeee on Mili-
tary Affaiis did not get the floor during the last
session, and the bill was not reported. When
I returned from Texas to this session 1 learned
that there was so great an amount of labor
before the Committee on Military Affairs that
I doubted strongly whether that committee
would be capable of reporting this bill during
its two morning-hours in this session. There
being much less business before the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, I went to the Committee
on Military Affairs and asked if they would
deem it inappropriate if 1 offered a new bill in
substance the same as the one already before
their committee and have it referred to the
Committee on Igdian Affairs, because the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs would be more likely
to get the floor for a sufficient, length of time
than the Committee on Military Affairs. 1 do
not know whether the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Slocum-] was present on that occa-
sion, but the then chairman of the Military
Committee asked the question, and nobody
remonstrated against a portion of their labor
being taken off their shoulders. I then offered
a bill in the House and had it regularly referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and the
latter committee agreed upon the bill which
is now before you, aud placed it under my
charge. That is the history of the bill. The
gentleman from New York will concede that I
have not been wanting in courtesy toward his
committee.
The gentleman from New York speaks of a
letter circulating in the House cotningfrom tho
President, and made some remarks which, if
they were not contradicted, would reflect on
the action of our Chief Magistrate. The letter
he referred to is in my hand. It is addressed
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and bears
the signature of the Secretary of War, not of
the President. It was intrusted to me by the
Committee on Military Affairs, but I believe,
sir, that I am not entitled to make use of it on
the floor, because I believe it is against par-
liamentary usage that in debate the name of
the Executive be used for the purpose of influ-
encing the independent judgment of members.
For this reason I have not read the letter, but
if the Committee on Military Affairs authorize
me to do so I am perfectly willing to do it.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think it is proper
to refer to that letter.
Mr. DEGENER. That is my opinion, and
I would not have referred to the matter at all
if the gentleman's colleague on the Committee
on Military Affairs had not alluded to it. This
being done, and the manner in which it was
done, I, as a friend of the Administration,
cannot avoid the obligation ef saying how it
happened that the Secretary of War did write
that letter, and thus show that no.reflection
can be thrown on the War Department.
This question of frontier defense against the
Indians isnota recent question. The question
has been discussed in Texas at almost every
camp fire aud iu every log-cabin along our
frontiers. Those gentlemen who know the
condition of our frontier will find it natural that
frontier defense is the all absorbing topic, far
more important even than the question of
rebellion or the question of reconstruction. It
is a question of life, of the security of the
families of the frontiersmen, and the protec-
tion of their property, little as it may be.
On this point every one agrees, that it is the
duty of the national Government to protect
its citizens ; to protect tlietn whether they are
rich or whether they are poor. To these poor
men out on the frontier, uncouth though their
looks may be, life is as dear, the lives of their
families are as dear, as to the greatest paper
nabobs on the Atlantic coast. For this they
have a right to claim protection at the hands
of their Government; and it will be conceded
that it is natural for them to talk this matter
over.
The system of minute men, as laid down m
this bill, has the approval of the entire fron-
tier. 1 have yit to see the first man living on
the frontier who does not say, " That bill
will do; that is just the thing we want."
Although these men are illiterate they know
the Indian and his character better than most
of the learned gentlemen on this floor, and
their opinion deserves respect. That is one
class of people who indorse this bill.
Some years ago I represented a frontier dis-
trict in the Texas reconstruction convention.
Naturally my constituents applied to me to
secure protection against Indian marauders.
This led to discussion of the subject with the
different generals who successively commanded
the district. Thus my crude opinions grad u-
ally.grew into shape, and 1 can claim that the
bill now before you meets the views of these
experienced officers.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask httn a question ?
Mr. 1jEG1£\ Ell. Certainly.
Mr. S.MI l H, of Oregon. It is in reference
to the last section of this bill.
Mr. DliGENER. I will come to that soon,
and shall propose to strike out that-section,
because it is already disposed of iu another
bill. I< rom the commander nf the military dis-
trict 1 then appealed to higher authorities, to
see what those gentlemen who have military
experience far beyond what any other Ameri-
can possibly cau fxave thought of a system of
