242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr. SUMNER. I sliall not give it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a right to demand
it, and every member of that committee has a
right to demand it. It is an imputation upon
every member of that eaugus committee, and I
have a right to demand who the member of
that committee was who was mean enough to
divulge to you a confidential conversation. I
cannot be drawn into divulging what took
place in that committee. I am not at liberty
lo do so, nor is any other member of that com-
mittee. So far as my knowledge goes those
charges against the President are false.
Mr. President, we have had to-day the most
extraordinary exhibition that ever has taken
place upon the floor of this body since I have
had the honor to be a member of it. I have
had the honor of a seat in this body for nearly
fourteen years, and neverduring that time, in all
the heat of political antagonism, never during
the war, never before the war, have I heard so
brutal an .assault made upon any President of
the United States as was made upon President
Grant to-day in this body. This morning when
the Senator denied that he had ever used a dis-
respectful word in secret session with regard
to the President, and called upon any member
of this body to contradict him if it were not so,
I did not feel at liberty to rise in my seat and
contradict him. But I desire to say now that
his speech in secret session substantially cor-
responds with his speech to-day in open ses-
sion, so far as the scope and spirit of it were
concerned, toward the President; and there I
16SV6 it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state-to the Senator from Michigan that he
doubts whether the word "brutal" is proper
to be applied to a speech made by a Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will change it then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will in
this connection state that the word u slander"
fell on his ears a few moments ago, not from
ihe Senator from Michigan. Although the
parliamentary law allows a Senator to vindi-
cate himself by using strong language in re-
plying to an attack upon him, the Chair thinks
that word was hardly within the bounds that
the most liberal construction of parliamentary
law would give in refuting what the Senator
now referred to thought was an unjust imputa-
tion on him. The Chair mentions this, not
as a point of order on any Senator, but simply
to endeavor to have the language qualified, as
there appears to be so much feeling in the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will change the lan-
guage to make it as strong as I can and still
have it parliamentary. [Laughter.] Mr. Pres-
ident, it would hardly be supposed from what
fell from the lips of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to-day that he was the first Senator
consulted by the President upon the subject
of the San Domingo treaty. And yet such is
the fact.
Mr. SUMNER. After the treaty was signed.
Mr. CHANDLER. The iirsfc Senator con-
sulted after the treaty was signed was the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and he certainly left
upon the mind of the President the impression
that he was favorably disposed toward that
treaty. I will read here two or three extracts
from the letters of two individuals.
Colonel Forney says:
"At the President's request I remained to hear his
explanation, and 1 am tree to add that such is my
deep regard for Mr. SuMNEiithathis indorsement of
the treaty went very iarto stimulate me in giving it
Diy own support.
Mr. CONKLING. Who writes that?
Mr. CHANDLER. _ Colonel J. W. Forney,
speaking of the same interview.
Mr. SUMNER. Read on; read the whole
lefrcr.
Mr. CHANDLER. r£&atis all that alludes
to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Read the y/kcle of that
letter.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will read what!choose,
sir. General Babcock gives his.impression in
these words—but as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts desires the whole letters, I give them
in full.
Colonel Forney's letter is as follows:
Washington, June 6,1870.
My Dear General: I was present at Mr. Sum-
nek's residence when President Grant called and
explained the Dominican treaty to the Senator, and
although I cannot recall the exact words of the lat-
ter, I understood him to say that he would cheer-
fully support the treaty. At the President's request
I remained to hear his explanation, and I am free to
add that such is my deep regard for Mr. Sumner that
his indorsement of the treaty went very far to stim-
ulatemeingivingitmyown support. Ihavcalready
said this much to Mr. S., who however, claims that
other information since obtained has shaped his pres-
ent action.
Yours, truly, J. W. F0RNE\.
General Babcock.
General Babeock writes as follows:
Washington, D. C., June 8,1870.
Sin: In reply to your communication of June 7,1
would inform you that on the Monday following the
visit of the President to Senator Sumner, by direc-
tion of the President, I went to Mr. Sumner's res-
idence, taking with me the original draft of the
Dominican treaty, and, after reading the same to
Mr. Sumner and giving him such explanations as
I thought might Be of service, the Senator, near
the close of the conversation, volunteered to say
that he could not thin-k of doing otherwise than
supporting the Administration in this matter. The
Senator told me there was noobjection to the instru-
ment as a whole, but called my attention to the word-
ing in one article, which should, in his opinion, cor-
respond with the wording in another article.
I explained to Mr. Sumner the reason why I did
not sign the treaty, that an act of Congress forbid
officers of the Army and Navy accopting any diplo-
matic appointment. He remarked that he remera-
beied the act, and that in his opinion it was passed
in opposition to the secretary to ilr. Bancroft, and
that he thought the act very unjust.
I called upon the Senator a second time a few days
before the report of the committee upon the treaty.
I met him as he was about leaving his residence,
and the interview was very short. He did not inform
mc or give me to understand that his views had m
any way changed regarding this matter.
0. E. BABCOCK,
United States Army.
Hon. Z. ClXAXDLEB, United States Senate,
There is the recollection of two individuals
as to the same interview, and up to the time
when that treaty came up for consideration
and for ratification the impression was strong
upon the minds of both of (hem that the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts was its
warm supporter; and yet, sir, we have had this
exhibition to-day that has given me pain, while
it has given the honorable Senators on the
opposite side of the Chamber great delight.
We have seen, sir, great men rise and live,
prosper and die. We have seen thein upon
this floor, Senator after Senator—your Doo-
little, your Cowan, your Dixon; but their
example seems to have little effect upon the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The Senator sees fit to call in question the
statesmanship of the President of the United
States, to compare it with his own. Now, sir,
I hold in my hand the remarks of the President
of the United States upon San Domingo.
"During thtilast session of Congress a treaty for
the annexation of the republic of San Domingo to
the United States failed to receive the requisite two-
thirds vote of the Senate. I was thoroughly con-
vinced then that the best interests of this country,
commercially and materially, demanded its ratifica-
tion. Time has only confirmed me in this view. I
now firmly believe that the moment itis known that
the United States have entirely abandoned tho pro-
ject of accepting as a part of its territory the island
of San Domingo, a free port will be negotiated for
by European nations in the bay ofSamana; a large
commercial city will spring up, to which we shall
be tributary without receiving corresponding bene-
fits, and then win be seen the folly of rejecting so
great, a prize. The Government of San Domingo
hasvoluntarily sought this annexation. Itisawcak
j Power, numbering probably lc?s than one hundred
i and twenty thousand souls, and yet possessing one
i of the richest territories under the sun, capable of
| supporting a population of ten million people in
i luxury. Thepeople of San Domingo are notcapable
! of maintaining themselves in their present condition
I and must look for outside support. They yearn for
i the protection of our free institutions and laws, our
I progress and civilization. Shall we refuse thera?
j 44 The acquisition of San Domingo is desirable
| because of its geographical position. It commands
! the entrance to the Caribbean sea and the Isthmus
transit of commerce. It possesses the richest soil,
best and most capacious harbors, most salubrious
climate, and the most valuable products of the forest,
mine, and soil, of any of the West India islands. Its
possession by us will in a few years build up a coast-
wise commerce of immense magnitude, which will go
far toward restoring to us our lost merchant marine.
It will give to us those articles which we consume
so largely and do not produce, thus equalizing our
exports and imports. In case of foreign war it will
give us command of all the islands referred to, and
thus prevent an enemy from ever again possessing
himself of rendezvous upon our very coast. 'At pres-
ent our coast trade between tho States bordering on
the Atlantic and those bordering on the Gulf of
Mexico is cut in two by tho Bahamas aijd the Antil-
les. Twice we must, as it were, pass through foreign
countries to get by sea from Georgia to the wcstcoaht
of Florida.
"San Domingo,with a stable government, under
which her immense resources can be developed, will
give remunerative wages to tens of thousands of
laborers not now upon tho island. This labor will
take advantage of every available means of trans-
portation to abandon the adjacent islands and seek
the blessings of freedom and its sequence—each
inhabitant receiving the reward of his own labor.
Porto Rico and Cuba will have to abolish slavery,
as a measure of self-preservation, to retain their
laborers.
"San Domingo will become a large consumer of
the products of northern farms and manufactories.
The cheap rate at which her citizens can be furnished
with food, tools, and machinery will make it neces-
sary that contiguous islands should have the same
advantages, in order to compete in the production
of sugar, coffee, tobacco, tropical fruits, &c. This
will open to us astill wider market for our products.
"The production of our own supply of these arti-
cles will cut off more than one hundred millions of
our annual imports, besides largely increasing our
exports. With such a picture it is easy to see how
our large debt abroad is ultimately to be extin-
guished. With a balance of trade againstus (includ-
ing interest on bonds held by foreigners, and money
spent by our citizens traveling in foreign lands)
equal to the entire yield of the precious metals in
this country, itis not so easy to sec howtbis result
is to be otherwise accomplished. The acquisition of
San Domingo is an adherence to the 'Monroe doc-
trine it 13 a measure of national protection ; it is
asserting our just claim to a controlling influence
over the gre-it commcrcial traffic soon to flow iroia
west to east by way ot the Isthmus of Darien; it is
to build up our merchant marine; it is to furnish
new markets for the products of our farms, shops,
and manufactories; it is to make slavery insupport-
able in Cuba and Porto Rico at once, and ultimately
so in Brazil; it is to settle the unhappy condition of
Cuba,and end an exterminating conflict; itis to pro-
vide honest means of paying our honest debts with-
out overtaxing the people; it is to furnish our citi-
zens with the necessaries of every-day life at cheaper
rates than ever before; and it is, in fine, a rapid
stride toward that greatness which the intelligence,
industry, and enterprise of tho citizens of the Uni-
ted States entitle this country to assume among
nations.,
*'In view of the importance of this question I earn-
estly urge upon Congress early action, expressive of
its views as to the best means of acquiring San Do-
mingo. My suggestion is, that by joint resolution of
the two Houses of Congress, the Executive be author-
ized to appoint a commission to negotiate a treaty
with the authorities of San Domingo for the acqui-
sition of that island, and that an appropriation be
made to defray tho expenses of such commission.
The question may then be determined, either by the
action of the Senato upon the treaty, or the joint
action of the two Houses of Congress upon a resolu-
tion of annexation, as m the case of the acquisition
of Texas. So convinced am I of the advantages to
flow from the acquisition of San Domingo, and of
the great disadvantages, I might almost say calam-
ities, to flow from nop-aeqmsition, that I believe the
subject has only to be investigated to be approved/'
Take that statesmanlike description of San
Domingo and the benefits which would accrue
to the United States from its acquisition, and
then comp&fe it with the speech of the Senator
to-day.
As we are comparing statesmanship, I desire
to call the attention of the Senate and of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts to two
different classes of statesmen. The Senator
from Massachusetts is to go down in history
beside President Grant as a statesman. Presi-
dent Grant will live in the memory of his coun-
trymen and his laurels will be fresh and green
when the Senator from Massachusetts will be
forgotten. But, sir, as statesmen they are to
go down in history, and what do they present
as their trophies? The Senator from Massa-
chusetts marches up to the front with what?
With the north pole on his shoulder and an
iceberg by his side, and there is the result of
his statesmanship. But the President of the
United States comes with the islands of the
Gulf and untold millions of wealth. There are
the results of two specimens of statesmanship.
^ Sir, I ana willing to compare those trophies
side by side. We all remember the tremen-
dous effort made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts last winter to get up an expedition to
