1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the north pole, and we all remember with
what wonderful skill and power he advocated
[laying $7,200,000 in gold for Alaska, and now
the result of his statesmanship is the north
pole and an iceberg. The result of the Pres-
ident's statesmanship will be the islands of
the Antilles and untold wealth to this great
ii-i'ion.
Mr. President, there are critical periods in
human lite. Children sometimes die at the
teethingage. If they pass through thatagethey
may grow to manhood; bat that is the trying
time with the infant. Sir, there is also a try-
ing time in the lives of public men, and'if they
pass that, they may live into a green old age.
That fatal age is from sixty-two to sixty-five.
It is the age when men are bitten with the
presidential mania, and once bitten there is
no cure. They die of that disease; there is no
remedy.
We have had eminent examples of that de-
scription. You remember, sir, that the hon-
orable Senator from New York—I allude to
Mr. Seward—who, perhaps, had more power
in this body, more power throughout the
country, more popularity than any other man
of his generation, was a candidate for the
Presidency; and, when Mr. Lincoln obtained
the nomination, he turned his back upon his
old associates, never doubting but that with j
his tremendous power and influence, his over-
shadowing talent, he could at least divide the
Republican party and insure a victory to its
enemies, in 1862 they formed a Union party,
and Mr. Seward, seduced by the hope that the
Democracy would take him up in case he was
dropped by the Republicans, inarched over
into the ranks of the enemy, and he took one
vote and tio more. He went down, and there
was not a ripple upon the surface of the water
where he went under.
A few years after, another eminent statesman,
who thought he was entitled to a presidential
nomination, was disappointed. He made his
appearance at the door of the .Republican con-
vention, but did not receive the nomination,
and in a few days he was rapping at the door
of the Democratic convention. He went out;
and he, too, took one vote, and no more. Both
of them had a tremendous power while they
were cooperating with their friends and with
their party organization; but the moment they
left t heir party they ceased to be a power at all.
And now the honorable Senator' from Massa-
chusetts, not profiting by experience, has made
up his mind that with his great power, his vast
influence, he can do almost anything he pleases.
Well, sir, he can, inside of the Republican party;
but, when he organizes his troops on the other
side of the Chamber, when the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Thorman] marches to the
bugle-call of Chari.es Sumner, when the hon-
orable Senators from Delaware fall into line
ami dress at his command, he will not have a
large force, and will increase their present
numbers just oue. The line will not be long;
it will be easiiy handled. These gentlemen
are well drilled; they will march and keep step
as readily to the music and to the command
of Cham.es Sumner as they do to that of the
honorable Senator from Ohio. But, led by the
Senator from Massachusetts, that little force
will not be more effective than it is at present;
and, so far as heard from, they are not very
dangerous. I commend the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to a consideration of the lives and
political death of those who from personal
resentments or disappointments have left the
Republican hosts to wallow with the Democ-
racy.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, so far as
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
anaigns me as a member of tbe Republican
parly 1 have no reply. He knows that I am
us good a Republican as himself; he knows
that I have had as much to do with the mak-
ing and support of the party as himself; and
when Charles Summer finds the Senators over
the way ranging under his banner, as the Sen-
ator predicts, this country will be regenerated,
for the Democratic party will be Republican.
But I do reply to the questions of fact. And
now, sir, I am obliged to make a statement—
the Senator compels me—which I had hoped
not to make. The President of the United
States did me the honor to call at my house—
it was nearly a year ago, during the recess.
Shortly after coming into the room he alluded
to certain new treaties already negotiated,, with
regard to which I had no information. Sir, you
must expect me to speak frankly. The Presi-
dent addressed me four times as chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, adding that the
treaties would come before the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and on this account he wished to speak
with me.
He proceeded with an explanation, which I
very soon interrupted, saying: "By the way,
Mr. President, it is very hard to turn out Gov-
ernor Ashley; I have just received a letter
from the Governor, and I hope I shall not
take too great a liberty, Mr. President, if I
read it. 1 find it excellent and eloquent, and
written with a feeling which interests me much.''
I commenced the letter and read two pages
or more, when I thought the President was
uneasy, and I felt that perhaps I was talsingtoo
great a liberty with him in my own house, but
I was irresistibly impelled by loyalty to an
absent friend, while I was glad of this oppor-
tunity of diverting attention from the treaties.
As conversation about Governor Ashley sub-
sided the President returned to the treaties,
leaving on my mind no very strong idea of
what they proposed, and absolutely nothing
with regard to the character of the negotia-
tion. My reply was precise. The language is
fixed absolutely in my memory : "Mr. Presi-
dent," I said, " I am an Administration man,
and whatever you do will always find in me
the most careful and candid consideration."
Those were my words.
I have heard it said that I assured the Pres-
ident that I would support his administration
in this measure. Never. He may have formed
this opinion; but never did I say anything to
justify it; nor did I suppose he could have
failed to appreciate the reserve with which I
spoke. My language, I repeat, was precise,
well-considered, and chosen in advance: "1
am an Administration man, and whatever you
do will always find in me the most careful and
candid consideration." In this statement I am
positive. It was early fixed in my mind, and I
know that I am right.
And, sir, did I not give to the treaties the
most careful and candid consideration? They
were referred to the committee with which I am
connected. I appeal to my colleagues on that
committee if I did not do all that I promised.
When I first laid them before the commit-
tee it was very evident that there was a large
majority against them. Indeed, there was only
one member of the committee who said any-
thing in their favor. I then stated that I hoped
our conversation would be regarded as in-
formal, and that there would be no immediate
vote, or any course which could be interpreted
otherwise than friendly to the Administration.
Too prompt action might be misconstrued.
My desire was to proceed with utmost deli-
cacy. Ididnotknowthen, what I have learned
since, how the President had set his heart upon
the project of annexation. With my experience
of treaties, familiar as I have been with them
in the Senate, I supposed that I was pursuing
the course most agreeable to him, and should
the report be adverse, most respectful and
considerate. This I state, sir, on my conscience
as my solemn judgment at the time and my
motive of conduct. I wished to be careful and
candid. It was easy to see from the begin-
ning that annexation had small chance in the
committee, whatever might be its late in the
Senate; but 1 was determined to say and do
nothing by which the result should in any way
be aggravated. Again, 1 appeal to every one
of my colleagues on that committee for their
testimony in this behalf. I kftow that I am
above criticism. I know that I have pursued a
patriotic course, always just and considerate
to the President; and I tell the Senator from
Michigan, whojias served with me so long in
this Chamber, that he does me great injustice.
Some time or other he will see it so. He may
not see it now; but he ought to rise in his place
and at once correct the wrong.
Perhaps I need not say more, and yet there
has been so much criticism upon me to-night
that I proceed a little further. Here was my
friend at my right, [Mr. Nye.] who, having
shot his shaft, has left. I wish that he had
praised me less and been more candid. His
praise was generous ; but his candor certainly
less marked than his praise. I might take up
every point of his speech and show you the
wrong that he did me. He is not in his seat.
I wish he were. [Mr. Nye entered the Cham-
ber from one of the cloak-rooms.] Oh, there
he comes. He said that I was against inquiry.
No such thing. I am for inquiry. I wish all
the documents now on the files of the State De-
partment and of the Navy Department spread
before Congress and before the country. To
this end I have introduced a resolution which
is now on your table; I wish this information
before any other step is taken in this business.
Instead of being against inquiry, I am for it
and in that way which will be most effective.
But the resolution which I introduced, asking
for the most important testimony, all docu-
mentary in character, is left on the table, while
a different proposition, legislative in charac-
ter and in no respect a resolution of inquiry,
but an act creating three new officers under the
Constitution, is pressed on the Senate, and,
as I demonstrated to-day, for the obvious
purpose of associating Congress with this
scheme of annexation. The whole question of
annexation was opened, and I felt it my duty
to show at what cost to the good name of this
Republic the scheme has been pursued down
to this day. I entered upon this exposure
with a reluctance which I cannot express; but
it was with me a duty.
My friend at my right [Mr. Nye] says—I
took down his words I think—that I saw noth-
ing in the President's message except what he
said about San Domingo. I was speaking of
San Domin'go, and not of the other topics ; nor
was I speaking of the President. There again
my friend did me injustice. I was speaking of
annexation, and it is my habit, 1 think you will
do me the justice to say, Mr. President, to speak
| directly to the questions on which I under-
take to address the Senate. At any rate, I try
to confine myself to the point; and the point
to-day was annexation, and nothing else. I
was not called to go to the right or to the left, to
enter upon ail the various topics of the mes-
sage, whether for praise or censure. The mes-
sage was not nnder discussion, except in one
single point. Nor was I considering the merits
of the Administration or the merits, whether
civil or military, of the President ; but the
annexation of San Domingo, on which I felt
it my duty to express myself with the free-
dom which belongs to a Senator of the United
States.
The Senator here [Mr. Nye] says, and the
Senator over the way, [Mr. Morton,] I think,
said the same thing, that I have assailed the
President. I have done no such thing. I
alluded to the President as little as possible,
and never except in strict subordination to the
main question. On this question of annexation
( I feel strongly; not, as the Senatqr [Mr. NiE]
!j has most uncandidly suggested, from any pride
J of opinion, or because I have already expressed
; myself one way and the President another,
' but because for long years I have felt strongly
always when human rights are assailed. I can-
not see the. humble crushed without my best
endeavor against the wrong. Long ago 1 read
those proud words by whieh Rome in her glory
was described, as inakrngife her business to
spare the humble, but to war down the proud.
