244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
I felt that we had before us a case where the
rule was reversed, and in an unhappy hour our
Government was warring down the humble.
So it seemed to me on the evidence.
Do I err? Then set the facts before the
people that they may judge ; but as I under-
stand those facts, whether from official docu-
ments or from the testimony of officers or
citizens who have been in that island latterly,
Baez has been maintained in power by the arms
of the United States. So I understand it. Cor-
rect me if I am wrong ; but if the facts be as I
believe, you must leave me to my judgment
upon them.
Both my honorable-friends, the Senator on
my right [Mr. Nye] and the Senator over the
way, [Mr. Morton,] have said that I sought to
present an unfavorable comparison between
the president of Hayti and the President of
the United States; and the Senator over the
way went into an elaborate arraignment of the
Haytian president. Sir, I had no word of
praise for that president. The Senator is mis-
taken. From his message, which I now hold
in my hand, I read his congratulation that the
project of annexation had been defeated by
the " good sense and the wisdom " of the Sen-
ate at Washington ; and I then read from the
message of the President of the United States
what 1 supposed was the issue he intended to
join with the Haytian president, characterizing
this very rejection of annexation on the part
of the Senate as "folly;" and I put the two
messages on that point face to face, and there
I left them. I said nothing to praise Saget or
to arraign Grant. Sir, I have no disposition
to do either. I only wish to do my duty simply
and humbly, pained and sorry that I am called
to differ from so many valued friends, bat then
still feeling that for me there is no other course
to pursue.
The Senator over the way [Mr. Morton] said
that he understood that the Haytian minister
had sent an impertinent dispatch to the Secre-
tary of State on account of this very message ;
and in another part of his remarks the s^me
Senator said that I gave to the message strained
construction when I found in it a menace ; and
yet the same Senator is obliged to admit that,
according to the report that has come to his
ears, the Haytian minister has complained of
this very message as a menace to his Govern-
ment.
Mr. MORTON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield to the Senator
from Indiana?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I did not understand that
the Haytian minister had complained that this
message menaced the Haytiaas. I never heard
that suggested until to-day; but what I saw in
the papers was that the Haytian minister had
taken offense at what the President said about
the annexation of Dominica, and had improp-
erly and unjustifiably complained to the Secre-
tary of State about it, and had been rebuked.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand, his com-
plaint was the allusion to Hayti, which he
interpreted, as I think most of the world will,
as to a certain extent an assault on the inde-
pendence of his country. As I understand,
he felt it his duty to call the attention of the
Secretary of State to this point.: but so far
from receiving any rebuff, I am informed from
two different quarters—and one is the minister
himself—that he received a very kind note with
an invitation to dinner. The incident has this
practical importance, that it affords a complete
reply to the Senator when he says that I give to
this messageastrained construction. Curiously
enough the Senator went on to admit—I quote
In* words—"that the message does speak of
lite island of San Domingo," and then adds,
"inadvertently." Can the Senator admit of an
inadvertence in a President's message? Here
the inadvertence is nine fold. Does he not
suppose that every message is so carefully con-
sidered by the President, and then by his
Cabinet, that inadvertence, especially nine-
fold inadvertence, is impossible ? Plainly is it
impossible on a question of this importance,
which had occupied so much of the President's
attention.
I will not trespass on the Senate more, except
again to repeat that I have been painfully im-
pressed by what I must again call the want of
candor on the part of my excellent friend at my
right, and also a similar spirit on the part of
my friend over the way. I will not say that
they intended in the least any injustice to me;
but they have both, so far as they could, put
me in a false position. I leave that position to
be determined by what I said, and by my votes;
this testimony I claim in my behalf.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, during
this debate I have held my peace till now. I
should be silent still but for the violence done
this day to justice and to fairness, but for the
wrong heaped upon one, foremost, not in the
easy greatness of things written and said, but
in the arduous greatness of things done; one
who has excelled not in swollen periods, but
in brave, honest deeds which have covered his
name with imperishable renown. Injury and
affront have been offered grievously to several,
but especially to him who stands not only in
his own right as a citizen, not only as the head
of a great party to which a majority of the
members of this body belong, but as the Chief
Magistrate of the nation; and in the last char-
acter his position gives him in American
esteem official primacy in the world. How
comes "back-wounding calumny," intrenched
behind parliamentary privilege, to strive in
our very presence to soil his personal and
official fame? What relation has envenomed
aspersion of the President to the business
which the Senate considers now?
It is notorious that a treaty was last year
negotiated for the annexation of San Domingo.
I use that name for brevity, not stopping for
formal distmctioa in words, but speaking as
others usually, nay, almost invariably have
done, of a known locality which no clumsy
circumlocution is needed to indicate. I will
not join another member of this body who
flounders in perverse solitude through confused
and dismal mazes made up of dots of " i's" and
crosses of " t's" wrenched from the President's
message. Leave it to that member to occupy
the forenoon in cutting a hair in two, and the
afternoon in guessing which is the biggest piece.
I will say as the President says, as everybody
speaking in common parlance would say, a
treaty was negotiated for the annexation of San
Domingo. It is notorious that at the time the
question underwent decision here one third and
more of the members of this body were not
convinced in its favor. It is notorious that that
treaty was challenged upon the ground that it
was ushered in without adequate information.
So much, J say, is notorious, and light was
loudly demanded. Nay, it was insisted by the
enemies of the treaty, specifically, that a com-
mission to view, explore, and report should be
sent to San Domingo. I speak in the ear of
those who kuow the truth that I affirm, and I
do not trench upon the secrets of executive
session. This is not all. Loathsome charges
were sown broadcast throughout the land. It
was alleged that the treaty was hedged about
with jobs on every side. It was said that fraud
had suffocated the very right. Lands were said
to have been staked off and labeled with the
names of those responsible for the treaty; and
it was whispered that the restless foot of guilty
and venal adventure had been set upon the
soil of Samana. These unclean vaporings were
breathed upon the Chief Magistrate and upon
members of his official family. Now the Chief
Magistrate comes, assuming that he approves
the pending resolution, asking Cqngress for
what? For annexation ? No, sir. For a com-
mittal to a scheme of annexation? No, sir.
But to allow disinterested witnesses to visit
San Domingo and bring back intelligence which
may show that the President and others have
been assailed, not with the weapons of the war-
rior, but with the weapons of the assassin.
Who rises in this Chamber to deny to the
Chief Magistrate and his subordinates this cul-
prit's right? Who rises here to say that he
shall not cleanse his official household from
the stains sought to be put upon it ? Does any
known friend of the President rise to say these
shafts have fallen harmless at his feet and he
need not condescend to notice the aspersions
which have been cast upon him? That would
be a friendly office. But no Senator kind
or considerate toward the President comes
forward with objection. Who comes? Who
heads to-day's hunt? The honorable member
from Massachusetts. Who is he that he should
do it? What relation does he sustain which
mitigates the indelicacy and the wrong of his
doing it? How can it be decorous or toler-
able in him to object to full investigation of the
condition of San Domingo, and of the circum-
stances attending its proposed acquisition ?
Sir, the member to whom I refer would have
come too late, had he come to-day, to deny
that he himself is conspicuous among the au-
thors of the aspersions aimed at the President
of the United States. The effort of the Senator
from Massachusetts to fasten imputations upon
the treaty and upon the President in connec-
tion with it appeared in the open proceedings
of the Senate many months ago. I happened
to be absent at the time on a mission on which
I was sent as the representative of the Senate.
There came to be considered here the name
and the actions of a soldier who held no title,
to be sure, such as was imputed to him by a
Spaniard, if the translation be correct, but a
gallant soldier who won a brilliant reputation
on the burning battle-fields of the rebellion.
General Babcock came to be considered touch-
ing an ex parte charge, afterward proved to be
false, made in his absence under the shield of
parliamentary privilege; and the honorable
member from Massachusetts, upon a base sug-
gestion, without that studied and premeditated
phrase which it seems was conned and 6et in
order on an occasion for the President of she
Uuited States, and which misled and deceived
him ; with more openness of heart than he
exhibited in private to the President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts cried out in the midst
of the debate, "He ought to be cashiered at
once."
That was, perhaps,thefirstoccasion on which,
in open session, the animus of the honorable
member from Massachusetts not only toward
this treaty, but toward those who hail negoti-
ated it, became known, Only a day or two
afterward, on the 8th of June, in the midst of
a debate touching the formation of a commit-
tee to investigate the acts of those who nego-
tiated the treaty, the Senator from Massachu-
setts spoke to the world these words:
"Sir, I am not prone to believe accusations: X
hesitate hero m giving credence to this terriblo
charge; but it is known that this negotiation "—
That was the San Domingo treaty—
" has for a long time beeD under suspicion. Public
report says more tuan I shall venture to say from
my seat; the country is excited; it is prone to sus-
pect something that is wrong, something rotten."
Passing in date and circumstance over other
occasions when the Senator from Massachu-
setts characterized the negotiation and the
treaty, I come to a statement which appeared
in one of the newspapers of this city on the 2d
of November last, a statement extracted from
a Chicago paper, to which distant city the hon-
orable member had made a pilgrimage to read
his views touching conflicts abroad. A visit
was paid him by a person whose name I have,
and who wrote out "the interview," as it was
calicd. I shall endeavor not to be drawn, by
the examples of the day, so far aside as to
attempt to prove by private words, if I could
do so, that this statement, which I am going to
read to the Senate, was presented to the Sen-
ator alleged to have uttered it, and that either
he could not or would not deny that it was
true. I present it upon the simple fact, that
