1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
published in a journal of this city, it has gone
to this day unchallenged as far as I know, being
a report of the words employed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. This visitor naturally, as
kp Fays, alluded to the subjectof San Domingo :
" Mr. Scmner, replying, said that it was a good
illustration of what tie had been saying. Ihoseyoung
military men whom the President had gathered
around him or in hisactiialG.ibinet,by what warrant
it was difficult to say, had taken a notion that there
was a good speculation in that Quarter, and Grant
had, honestly enough, been persuaded into their
scheme. "Why, a friend of inine.who has been down
there, says that the whole coast of the bay of Samana
is staked off into lots, and marked 'Cazneau'and
'Babcock' and 'Baez,' and that one or two partic-
ularly large ones are marked ' Grant.' "
That statement, borne upon the wings of the
press, has gone to be read from sea to sea as
the personal testimony of the Senator delivered
upon the statement of an informant whom he
described as his friend, an eye-witness who
speaks of the things that he does know. And
yet, sir, the alleged author of that blasting
statement is chief among those who rise in
this Chamber to deny to the President of the
United States the privilege of sending, with-
out cost beyond expenses, a commission of
intelligent and unbiased men to report whether
it be true that aggravated and agglomerated
fraud besmears the treaty and the very soil of
Samana.
Mr. MORTON. It is made a special subject
of inquiry.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir, it is made a
special subject of inquiry.
Mr. MORTON'. I mean that the condition
of the island is made a special subject of inquiry
in my resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that, and
it is to that point that at this moment I am
speaking; ai,d I say that I envy not the man,
be he Senator or citizen, if there were no ques-
tion at issue in the inquiry save only this—and
I care not who is the President at the time or
what his politics—who would not leap forward
to embrace the opportunity to clear away such
an accusation, if the accusation be false.
But, Mr. President, what further? I pass
over instances which might be referred to to
show how far the President is eutitled for
those for whom he is responsible to a tribunal
and to testimony, and I come to some things
delivered to us by the honorable member from
Massachusetts to-day. He opened the exer-
cises this morning by observations denomin-
ated by him a "personal statement," emi-
nently personal in some senses, certainly. I
should, perhaps, be making a personal state-
ment, and at the same time showing the dan-
ger of rumors and of their repetition, if I were
to say that I am informed that the Senator
himself procured and caused to be telegraphed
over the wires to journals more distant than
New York the most offensive, and, in my
belief, the most groundless particulars of the
paragraph which he caused to be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Not a word of it; not a
word of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, itis some-
what difficult for one dull of comprehension to
understand precisely that to which the senten-
tious observation of the honorable Senator
refers.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me,
then, to interrupt him ?
Mr. CONKLING. I always allow the Sen-
ator to interrupt me.
Mr. SUMNER. Iam obliged to the Sen-
ator. I beg, then, to state that I have had no
communication, direct or indirect,, on this sub-
ject with any reporter or with any telegraph
operator; nor did I know until last evening
that the subject was known to any such per-
son. As I stated this morning, a reporter
called upon me last evening, telling me that it
was known, and that it was the subject of
much discussion among reporters. Said I,
"You will get nothing from me." And in
reply to his inquiry whether he should tele-
graph anything, I said, "I have nothing to say
on the question ; it is not my business; it is
yours."
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I had
not affirmed that the Senator did' or did not
do that which repeated statements impute to
him, and as I have other matters to discuss, I
will pass this with the remark that if the Sen-
ator is aiming at a sensation, if he is aiming
at putting himself in the white of the public
eye, in connection with the President, there is
something artistic in his pursuit of his object.
I was going to speak of the Senator's state-
ment to the Senate this morning. He caused
to be read a narration of reputed events. He
caused to be read, among other things, that the
President said that but for his Presidency he
would demand personal satisfaction of the Sen-
ator. He read that he was in danger of per-
sonal violence ; and he then proceeded to select
one or two other matters, not equally import-
ant, and to deny them. With what purpose
was this limited and minor denial? Was it
not that this statement might be winged with
the feathers of the Associated Press, and sent
to the hundreds of newspapers with which
they correspond, and might go with the con-
tradiction of certain specific portions of it,
and no contradictions whatever of the rest? 1
wonder if that honorable Senator credits and
trembles for those statements? I wonder if
he is alarmed for his personal safety, and if
it was to that that he referred when he spoke
of the President menacing violence at the
Capitol? If he is uneasy let us ask the Presi-
dent to detail two persons, I think thfey had bet-
ter be men; and if they are at hand, the same
two men who once patrolled with the bayonet
before the house of the late Secretary of State,
to guard the Senator by night; to guard his
house, the casket which contains an endan-
gered jewel, to the end that neither moth nor
rust may corrupt nor thieves break through and
steal. [Laughter.]
What, I repeat, was the purpose of reading
that statement to the Senate and the country,
and denying specific portions of it and exclud-
ing the rest ? What is the purpose of the Sen-
ator in raising with the President the issue of
veracity which he has proposed this evening?
I shall not stop to discuss the issue generally,
but I ask attention to one aspect of the case.
The President came to him, he says, saying
that he had negotiated a treaty in regard to
San Domingo. Does the Senator deny that
enough of that treaty was disclosed to him to
inform him that it was a treaty for annexation ?
No, sir; still he says it was not sufficiently
disclosed to him to enable him to decide his
own position; and yet from first to last the
whole objection with him has b*en to the idea
of annexation itself in whatever form; and lie
tells us that he, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, visited by the Presi-
dent of the United States for the purpose of
consultation upon an important treaty, imme-
diately seized the occasion to introduce the
question of an appointment which he sought to
control. What next? The President sought
his opinion of the treaty, and he was asked
point blank for the position. Did he give it
in sincerity, or decline to give it? No, sir;
the Senator tells you that with studied phrase,
composed during the conversation with the
President, he told him that he was a supporter
of the Administration.
Mr. SUMNER. My language was, "an
Administration man."
Mr. CONKLING. An Administration man,
and that every measure of the Administration
should receive from him considerate attention.
I hope I report the Senator correctly. Mr.
President, in the sense in which the Senator
implies now that those words were used, does
not the Senator from Ohio walking behind me
[Mr. Thorman] give to the measures of the
Administration "considerate attention?"
And does the Senator from Massachusetts wish
any listener to believe that he used those words
in connection with that treaty arid in reply
to the question of the President, meaning the
President to understand only that he would
consider, as any opponent in this Chambier
would consider, his Administration measures,
and the treaty among them? No, sir. There
is a rule of law and of ethics which covers
this case. There is a rule as old as that law
which has been called the perfection of ail
human reason, the accumulated wisdom of a
thousand years, that enjoins upon that Sen-
ator and every other man plainer dealing than
this. A. promise or a statement made to
another is to bind him who makes it in the
sense in which the other has a right to under-
stand it.
Did that honorable member believe, when the
President left his house that night, having told
him that he had negotiated this treaty, and he
having been asked specifically whether he would
support it, and having returned as au answer
that he was an "Administration man," and
that "everything from him" should receive
considerate attention—did that Senator be-
lieve, or does he now believe, that the Presi-
dent left his house even in doubt? Did he
intend the President to leave his house doubt-
ing that he would support the treaty, and
understanding that the Senator promised only
that attention which the oath of every member
of this body requires from him? No, sir; and
without the letters read by the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] I should say that,
in my judgment, a better disposition of time
would have been made by the Senator from
Massachusetts if he had explained or excused
his dealings with the President, in place of
sending toward him poisoned shafts without
cause or provocation.
Turn to some of the accusations hurled to-
day at the President. The Senator said the
negotiation of the treaty was managed by vio-
lence throughout; he said it was propped"
by violence throughout; and at that point he
added, "This I aver;" "go and ask any resi-
dent in San Domingo, and he will tell you that
it "is true." And yet he, the rnau who again
to-day speaking, as John Quincy Adams once
said, that the nation may hear—he who thus
speaking reiterates this charge of fraud and
violence against the President and against those
who were his agents, in the same breath denies
a cheap and simple test of truth which might
overthrow this malignant charge, a charge in
regard to which the Senator says you have only
to send -witnesses to San Domingo, and every
resident there will assure them it is true.
The next point upon which the Senator rose
to excessive altitude was the verbal error in
a memorandum referred to so properly by
the Senator from Nevada: a Spaniard had de-
seribed General Babcock as an aid-de-camp,
[pronouncing it aid-de-hong,'] and for aught I
know, if he understood English, he would have
been guilty of the plebeian pronunciation of
aid-de-camp, [pronouncing it as spelled.] I
am not going to stop upon that point. It was
eminently dramatic. It had well-nigh drowned
the stage with tears; for it was at that point
that, pausing with spectacular effect, the honor-
able member, addressing you, sir, exclaimed,
" I see, sir, that you look grave." [Laughter.]
It must have been the homage which civility
pays to an occasion, it was the decorum which
the Vice President wears in his chair, if he
could look grave when before a tribunal like
this, trying such a cause as this, such a fact
is adduced and spun out into dismal argu-
ment !
The Senator then again repeated that Baez
had been sustained, and was now sustained, by
an act of usurpation and by the presence of au
armed force. He spoke of it as a crime; and
afterward he denied the assertion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that he had assailed the
President of the United States. Why, sir, if
the charges made by the Senator to-day against
the President be true, it would be necessary to
convict him of being a fool in order to acquit
him of being a kriave. And yet the honorable
