246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
member from Massachusetts says he has said
no wor(l against the President!
He nu, proceeded to the nine menaces of
■ the message against Hayti. The Senator from
Indiana, I thought, restrained within too nar-
row limits the comments he made upon this
point. He said it seemed to him a forced and
strained construction. I undertake to say that
no sane man, no man of common sense, not
maddened by passion or bliuded by bigotry or
hate, would read the message and for one mo-
ment believe that it means to refer to anything
as San Domingo except locality, which the Sen-
ator himself has meant every time in this de-
bate when he has fallen into the same phrase
to describe the republic of San Domingo and
its portion of the island. I say no sane man,
in my belief, unbiased, could have listened to
tbecriticism of the Senator without seeing that,
beyond a forced or strained construction, it
was the mere torture, the mere dislocation, the
mere mutilation of language, well-nigh affront-
ing common sense.
The Senator then proceeded to say, with a
positiveness singular under the circumstances,
that the President of the United States imitat-
ed, and I think he intimated outran, the worst
acts of Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan, and
Andrew Johnson 
Mr. SUMNER. No, no.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator shakes his
head, and says "no" in his seat. I listened care-
fully to his statement. He was not borne upon
the heady currents of debate. He spoke with
premeditated design and careful preparation,
and I think he left upon those who heard him
the impression that he intended to character-
ize the acts of General Grant, which he was
reviewing, as similar to if not worse than the
acts of Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan, and
Andrew Johnson, whose acts, in the estima-
tion of the Senator, have consigned their
authors to enduring infamy.
He said that the President had followed Mr.
Buchanan's oxample in attempting to change
the Committee on Foreign Relations. I allude
to that statement to say that I do not know
it to be true, but believe it to be false ; and
speaking for myself, upon my own responsi-
bility, 1 say that the time has come when the
Republican majority here owes it to itself to
see that the Committee on Foreign Relations
is reorganized and no longer led by a Senator
who has launched against the Administration
an assault more bitter than has proceeded from
any Democratic member of this body. I say
for myself that it is fit in this epoch of inter-
national commotion that the committee of
this body having charge of our foreign rela-
tions, shall be so composed, that the President
of the United States, without personal degra-
dation without self abasement and with self-
respect, cango to the chairman, orsend forliim
and hold converse with him, receiving candid
and frank treatment.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take from the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, if I had
the power, any laurel which he has won in the
past; but, sir, this is not the occasion for per-
sonal compliments. We are engaged in grave
business, and without meaning personal offense
t<J any man, and nobody being responsible for
it but myself, I say that not only in justice to
that great party now charged with the admin-
istration ot the country, but in justice to the
majority of this body and the modes by which
the public interests are to be conserved, the
Committee on Foreign Relations should not be
composed of those who have added insult to
injury, and arrayed themselves not only in op-
position to the Administration, but so arrayed
themselves in manner and in substance as to
make it impossible for the Administration to
confer, as it has a right to do, with all the
committees of this bodj'.
Mr. President. I have been led to a greater
extent than I intended when 1 rose to speak
of the manner in which the pending proposition
Has been encountered. 1 have dwelt, perhaps
unduly, upon the fact that accusations are
hurled at public officers which it is the specific
office of this resolution to test, to verify if they
be true, to demolish if they be false. I have
dwelt, perhaps unduly, upon the fact that the
authors of aspersions to which I have referred
are those who come into the fore to oppose this
resolution. Now, let me for a few moments
consider the resolution itself, and the objec-
tions, if any, that there are to it.
The honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schurz] thinks itcould notbeexecuted. Why?
I understood him to say it would take five
years to gather the information sought for.
If I am right in the length of time, the Senator
himself required only thirty days, I think, or
some other brief period, to make that survey of
the American continent south of the Potomac
which gave to the world a report of which he
was the author touching the condition of the
southern States. It would be very remarkable
if in a short time three intelligent men could
not go to San Domingo and learn the truth or
the falsehood of allegations which have been
bandied in this Chamber to day ; and if they
could do nothing more, I submit to the candor
of that honorable Seuator whether it is fair in
manhood, whether it is just in government, to
deny the opportunity.
But, again, it is said the President is to ap-
point the commissioners under this resolution.
Yes, sir ; and does any man believe, if he
knows the President, that he would be capable
of appointing a dishonest or an unfair commis-
sioner ? Does any man, if he be an enemy
of the President, believe that he would be so
lost to common sense as to make up a com-
mission of partisan friends, partisan, I mean,
to this measure?
It has been suggested that members of the
two Houses might be selected, and I have
heard it said that there would be grave objec-
tions to that. For one, I enter my dissent
there; and I should like to know why the Sen-
ator from Missouri, a pronounced opponent
of annexation, and some other member of this
body, if there be one, who has been as pro-
nounced a friend of annexation, should not go
upon this errand, to the end that both sides
of the question might be presented, not only
sharply and fully, butby men already instructed
in the investigation which has been bestowed,
we are told, upon the facts in question. As
my honorable friend sitting behind me, [Mr.
Carpenter,] with a naturalness of legal illus-
tration that we always find in him, suggests, it
is sending the jury to take a view. So it is ;
and what is the objection to it? Why, some
Senator said, they are not to have compensa-
tion. No; if they were it would fall within a
statute passed at a very early day, and mem-
bers of Congress could not accept the employ-
ment. They are not to be confirmed by the
Senate. No; because if they were it would
be said that an office had been created, and
the Constitution would not permit members
of either House to hold that office. So that
it is like the case which occurred, I think,
in the administration of Mr. Van Buren, in
which a member of this body was sent as a
commissioner to a northwestern State for an
important purpose. He received no compen-
sation, because he could receive none piop-
erly; but it never entered the ingenuity of
man that it was improper for a President to
say to the Senator who sits before me, [Mr.
Williams,] "Go, if you please, to such a
place and ascertain the facts with regard to
such a matter of public concern." I have
heard no reason why it should not be done.
But, said my honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Thcrman,] " Who but jobbers would go
without compensation?" Mr. President, think
you if a vessel were detailed to carry William
Cullen Bryant, for example, to San Domingo
to observe that island, converse with its people,
and come back and contribute his testimony to
the nation, he would demand or receive com-
pensation beyond his expenses? Think you
that he would go for so many pieces of silver,
or that Professor Agassiz would wish to go in
that way and in 110 other? No, sir; foreign
born though Professor Agassiz be, I knuw too
well how thoroughly American he is to doubt
one moment that if his engagements permitted
he would gladly make the contribution of a de-
lightful voyage and visit to a land full of nov-
elties to his country and to the interests of the
nation of his adoption.
But, we are told again that the resolution
should not be adopted without reference to a
committee, such a committee as the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations was when the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Bucking-
ham] entered bis motion, such a committee as
it turns out to be now since that motion was
made. One of the early sayings that I read in
the quaint language of the old parliamentary
law was, that a child was never to be put out
to nurse to one who would strangle it. That
was a proposition familiar in the Britis-h Par-
liament five hundred years ago. Common sense
would teach it. And yet, after four members
of that committee, if I mistake not—the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz.] the Senator
from California, [Mr. Casseri.y,] the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] and
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] being a majority of the committee—have
declared in advauce against the entire scheme,
resolution and all, it is gravely argued that to
a committee thus ruled and governed this reso-
lution should be referred! Why, sir, I see not
why every man should not have the courage
directly to vote for its death in place of voting
to consign it to the tomb of the Capulets.
Therefore we are brought face to face with
the resolution itself, and we are to vote for or
against it. Is it difficult to comprehend its
length and breadth and bearing? Commit-
ting no man to anything, it simply directs that
three men shall ascertain in San Domingo and
elsewhere—because they are to use such kn owl-
edge as tbey can find here or on the way 5 they
are not to confine themselves to San Domingo ;
even such a construction as was argued for
respecting the President's message would not
torture the resolution into that—three men are
to possess themselves of as much information
as they can upon specific points, and all such
other information, says the resolution, bearing
upon the subject as they think will be useful,
and bring it back to the President of the Uni-
ted States, -whose duty it is made to transmit
it here and to the other House of Congress.
Is the case against annexation so we.ik that
Senators dare not trust it to investigation? Is
there any member of this body so irresolute
that he is afraid he will be committed if he
simply sends out to ascertain and report the
facts? Oh, no, sir; the opposition to this reso-
lution lies deep down under all excuses like
that. The animus of the utterances we have
heard is the animus of this opposition.
1 am not anxious, for one, to commit myself
to the annexation of San Domingo. I shall
endeavor to exercise the intelligence not only,
but the independence, to vote upon that ques-
tion, should it be presented, in the light of all
the circumstances which surround it. I am not
anxious to debate the merits of San Domingo
now. And yet I cannot shut my*eyes to some
facts which I can state in a moment. I cannot
forget that upward of $58,000,000 of imports
come here annually from Cuba, wrung from
slave labor. I cannot forget that seventy per
cent, of the commerce of Cuba is with us. I
cannot forget that the coffee of Brazil, grown
by slaves, nearly all of it comes here. I can
never forget that the slave trade, flourishing in
Cuba and for Cuba, rode the seas until 18G1
under the stolen protection of tliestarry banner
of the Republic ; and in that connection lean-
not shut my eyes to the fact th>it if this com-
mission shall corroborate the tidings that we
have of the condition, the soil, the climate,
and the^ capacities of San Domingo, by its
acquisition we can at once provide ourselves
