IflTl.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
from an opportunity of receiving the papers
it breeds discontent. Then men gee only them-
selves. They cannot learn what is going on in
other parts of the country; they neglect to
sympathise with the whole country when they
do not know about the country, and they get
sectional and full of prejudice. But let the
people of every section of this country have
papers and letters from all other sections, and
you cement and bind the Union. It is a great
thing for a country: and if you cut off this
transportation you take out the life-blood of
this people.
Mr. HOWELL. I have a very few words
to say upon this question. It is known that
it is my habit here to vote for the lowest appro-
priations, for the lowest figures upon nearly
every occasion. I do that, as another gen-
tleman said in regard to another subject, on
important matters from principle, and on mat-
ters of less consequence for discipline. But
s« this particular case I shall change my habit
in that regard and vote for the highest appro-
priation; and therefore I deem it proper to
give my reasons for'so doing.
In regard to the mail service of the coun-
try, whatever may be thought of its expense,
it certainly pays the Government and the peo-
ple of this country better than any other ser-
vice that Jhe Government performs, in the
promotion of the convenience and the welfare
and the education of the people Of the coun-
try. Not to enter into the general subject, I
call the attention of Senators especially to the
effect of the reduction of the appropriation for
the mail service and where that reduction will
fall. So far as the great cities are concerned,
they will be provided with ample facilities." So
far as the rural populations are concerned, in
the Bast and in the interior, in the South and
in the West especially, they will be cut down,
and the meager service that we now have will
be rendered less and less under diminished
appropriations for mail transportation. We
have but little mail service now in the western
and scattered districts; the convenience of the
people is not sufficiently supplied and attended
to; and the constant complaint throughout
the West everywhere is the lack of sufficient
mail service, and I have no doubt it is also so
in the South. When we apply to the Depart-
ment for an increase it cannot be granted,
because of the extreme economy which the
appropriations for the mail service always
elicit at the hands of Congress. I think this
ought not to be. I think that some remarks
made by the Senator from Vermont have a
great deal of justice in them with regard to the
amounts paid to railroad companies and to
steamboat lines for river transportation, of
the mails especially.
Now, I could suggest to the Post Office De-
partment, if it would listen and hear 'rae, a
reform much more advantageous to the Treas-
ury of the United States, and much more to
the interests of the people of the country, than
the abolition of the franking privilege which
it has sought so sedulously to bring to the
attention of the people. I do not know how
much, for I have not looked into it, is paid for
river transportation of the mails in the north-
ern part of this country: but I know that there
is a great deal paid for river transportation of
mails and for lake transportation of mails,
and I know that much of what is thus expended
is a waste of money and an injury to the effi-
cient service of the Post Office Department;
and for this reason simply: in the summer
time you pay the steamboat companies for the
transportation of the mail, and in the winter
time it is cut off, the boats stop, and then you
have to provide more expensively and in a
meager and insufficient way to supply those
same places, and those same towns by land
transportation in some form or other.
Diminish, cutoff wherever it is possible this
river transportation of mails, transfer it to the
railroads, establish a system which shall last
through summer and winter alike, and which
shall bring mail facilities to every hamlet
during winter and summer regularly, and not
have this change, this breaking up of the mail
arrangements every summer and fall lasting
for two or three weeks, and when resumed
not resumed in the efficient, regular mode that
it should be; and we shall have a reform that
will be worth something to the country, and a
reform that will save money to the country and
very much promote the convenience of the
public everywhere, who are now dependent
part of the time upon the rivers and lakes and
part of the time upon the railroads and the
coaches and the horseback mails for their
supplies of mail matter.
This is mainly what I rose to say in this
regard. I protest against the reduction of the
appropriation to provide the country with mail
facilities, because that reduction will fall upon
the people, who are already too meagerly sup-
plied with mail facilities, while the large cities
will have the same facilities that they now have.
I trust that the gentlemen from the West and
the South and those who represent rural popu-
lations will stand by this bill as passed by the
House of Representatives with regard to this
item.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Postmaster
General would encounter difficulties that the
honorable Senator from Iowa does not antici-
pate now if he were to try to make the arrange-
ment he speaks of by taking mail service off
the rivers and putting it on the railroads. The
fact is that communities living on the rivers
insist on service there and you cannot deny it
to them. The honorable Senator knows that
many towns on these rivers have no railroads,
and will not for years, probably, have them.
They insist on steamboat service. Then again,
those who live on railroads think all the trans-
portation ought to be of that character, and
that the inferior horse transportation and
stage-coach transportation ought to be dis-
pensed with. But all must be served.
Mr. HOWELL. Will the Senator hear me
a moment? I do not insist that all the river
service should be abandoned, but that it should
be abandoned' as far as practicable; and I
know it is practicable to a very great extent.
I know that on the Mississippi river and on
other rivers thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars are paid for the transportation
of the mails that had better be kept in the
Treasury, and that better facilities would be
supplied along those rivers by other means,
which can be continued throughout the year,
and not be confined to the summer months.
Mr. RAMSEY. The honorable^ Senator
ought to know that those communities which
can only get service during the summer months
by steamboat are in an unfortunate position.
They have no railroads, and during the five or
six winter months there they must resort to
ordinary stage-coach or horseback service. It
is an inconvenience which they suffer, and
which they would be very glad to dispense
with. If the honorable Senator would devise
some plan of making a railroad to pass through
those towns, I have no doubt the Postmaster
General would very readily take the service
off the steamboats and put it upon the rail-
road ; but until that is done it is simply out
of his power.
Again, on the long stretch of northern lakes
there are no railroads, and for six or seven
months of the year those people are served by
devious horseback routes, slow mail service
coming in at long intervals. As soon as win-
ter breaks and the ice disappears they are
anxious for expeditious mail service, and then
they insist upon service by steam boat,and they
get it. That is unavoidable until the improve-
ments of the country have changed and every
village and town upon the Mississippi and the
other rivers has a railroad ; and then we shall
have universal railroad service.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is evident that the
honorable Senator from Vermont does not
understand the working of the postal service in
new countries. In all the western States new
railroads are being opened to a very great
extent. I think that in Michigan two or three
hundred miles of uew railroad were opened
last year. These railroads carry the popula-
tion with them into the wilderness, and the
stage lines which preceded the completion of
the railroads are in almost every instance
required to perform additional service created
by the construction of the railroads. I do not
know of a single instance in Michigan where
the entire stock of the trunk line of stages that
performed the service before the completion-
of the railroad was not immediately demanded
by the increased traffic created by the build-
ing of the railroad.
Now, if we intend to tie the Postmaster
General down to the expenses of last year's
service you say to him distinctly, "Sir, you
cannot open a new line of postal service any-
where ; you cannot establish a new post office
anywhere ; you cannot increase your expendi-
tures anywhere although your receipts are
increasing by millions regularly on account
of this very identical service."
Mr. President, the Postmaster General has
put down here the amount that is absolutely
necessary to carry on this service in accord-
ance with the requirements of the progress of
the age, and the House of Representatives has
admitted the necessity for this appropriation,
and I trust that, no man living iu a new State
or living in a western State, or any State where
progress is going forward, will vote to reduce
the amount that the Postmaster General has
demanded for the exigencies of the service.
We cannot afford to shut the gate against pro-
gress. It cannot be done with safety to the
nation, and I hope that this amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations will not be
adopted, and that the amount the House of
Representatives has given, which is absolutely
necessary to carry on the service, will be
allowed to the Postmaster General for that
service.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Michi-
gan is in error about the amount that the Post-
master General says is actually necessary for
the service. The Postmaster General's esti-
mates are $12,000,329; but those estimates
are based not on the actual increase of the
service, but on a percentage which is higher
than the actual increase of the service. The
actual percentage of increase between the
years 1889 and 1870 was slightly less than four
and six tenths per cent. The estimated in-
crease is at the rate of five per cent., and, as
I said before, when you make a difference of
four tenths of one per cent, on a sum which
counts by tens of millions it becomes an item
of considerable importance. There is an error
in the calculations of the Postmaster General
in this regard of $-14,000 in one item.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does he intend to con-
vey the idea that the committee have only
diminished this appropriation by the amount
of four tenths of one per cent?
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir; I will come to
that directlv. This is an appropriation in the
lump of $12,000,329; a pretty large sum, a
sum about equal to what it took to carry on
the Government of the United States in the
administration of John Quincy Adams. And
yet here we are talking about progress, voting
away half a million more money than is prob-
ably necessary, under the spread-eagle doc-
trine that we must progress all over creation,
whether we want it or not.
The truth is that this very year, according
to the estimates submitted by the P
General himself, we shall need but $ll,o8i,000
for this service; and yet it is proposed here to
increase that by $615,527, and we are told
