1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
it is absolutely necessary. I say we have no
data to assume that it is absolutely necessary.
The committee have given the amount in ex-
cess of the cost of the present year as stated
by the Postmaster General. The only assump-
tion is, that possibly the increase may not be
as large between 1871 and 1872 as it was be-
tween 1869 and 1870, on account of the higher
price of currency and various other circum-
stances which might be adduced here ; and
again on account of the probability that the
estimates which the Postmaster General makes
of the receipts of the office may themselves be
exceeded; in other words, that the 321,000,000
>vhioh is to come from the revenues of the
Post Office Department may he in excess of
that sum.
This $11,518,844 will undoubtedly carry on
the business of the Post Office Department so
far as the item of inland transportation goes,
unless the Congress of the United States votes
more; and I venture to predict that there
will not be a cent deficiency at the end of the
fiscal year if we refuse to appropriate more.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is per-
fectly correct; the Postmaster General assured
me to that very effect, that he would not spend
one dollar more than we allowed, even if he
had to issue an order the next day after the
passage of this bill that not another post route
or post office should be opened during this
year. The Senator is perfectly correct, and
if the Senate desire to say to the Postmaster
General and to the country, "We will not have
any increased facilities, 110 matter how great
the necessity," then vote with the Senator from
South Carolina; he is right. If you want to
restrict the post office service, say so.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It would be apparent, I
think, to a person in any other country than
the United States that the amount, of appro-
priations which we make to this Department
should be sufficient to cover the country all
over with postal facilities. There are, accord-
ing to the different estimates of the various
Departments of the Government, items which
convince me that the expenditure for this De-
partment, including the new post office build-
ings, will be for the next fiscal year something
over twenty-nine million dollars.
Mr. President, it is quite proper, I think,
that I should make the suggestion that the
Senate ought to take the statements made by
the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads [Mr. Ramsey]
with some degree of allowance and of criti-
cism. It may be known, and it should be
known, that the Post Office Department to-
day is here in.the Senate represented by the
distinguished chairman as being in the admin-
istration of that Department; for that distin-
guished Senator has occupied the position
both of a Senator and of an executive officer
in that Department. We have heard of him
as being appointed a high commissioner for
the negotiation of a postal treaty at Paris. I
know he was the best man, the most able and
efficient man that could be appointed. But
on that account I think his fervor and energy
in the interest of this Department should he
taken with some degree of allowance. The
Post Office Department has become a part of
the Senate; and whatever its estimates may
be, notwithstanding, as has been observed by
my friend from South Carolina, the Depart-
ment is incorrect in its figuring, the Senate
must take the advanced figures as estimated
by the Department!
Now, Mr. President, it is known to every
western man that these postal facilities are
established in the first place to meet the neces-
sities growing ont of the movements of our
Army. When our armies go to a frontier post.,
of course they must have postal facilities^ and
the mails are carried to them. When the Army
abandons such a post on account of the chang-
ing nature of the service, the postal facilities
are not abandoned, the route is kept up ; and
so it is throughout the western country. Not-
withstanding the population and the Army may
have moved the postal service is still retained.
I believe there are but very few instances on
record where any line of postal service has
been abandoned.
There is one other important fact, and I
think every western man will bear me out,
and I think that is the reason why there is so
much complaint on the part of western gen-
tlemen that postal service is not afforded them
at the proper points. You all know that the
development of your immense railroad facili-
ties has drawn inhabitants from places where
they once were near to and adjacent to those
railroads ; and you are constantly at every ses-
sion of Congress establishing new service and
affording facilities for the changes of popu lation;
but at the same time you retain the old postal
service as before established, notwithstanding
there may have been an almost entire aban-
donment by the population of the region where
that service was established.
Now, it is for the interest of the whole
country that proper postal facilities should be
allowed to the populations of the West. We
of the East are interested in that. Every busi-
ness man, every manufacturer, every man en-
gaged in commerce, in fact the whole popula-
tion, is as much interested that there shall be
an efficient postal service in the western coun-
try as those who are enjoying its facilities
directly. The object of the Committee on
Appropriations, so far as I was concerned at
least, was simply to place a regulation on this
system by checking the appropriation, so that
superfluous service might be withdrawn or re-
duced in those places where it is not required,
while at the same time every requisite facility
may be extended where it is necessary. It
seemed to us, in view of the immense sum
which is appropriated, that if it was property
administered and disbursed it should meet ail
the wants of the country. A curtailment may
perhaps compel the discontinuance or removal
of some lines which it is difficult to remove
while large appropriations are made, because
the Postmaster General finds that when he is
desirous of removiug any established service
influences are brought to bear upon him to
prevent it, and he cannot avoid them if he
would. He eaunot administer this office eco-
nomically and properly unless Congress itself
takes the initiative and points out in what way
the service can be more efficiently performed.
On that ground, and oil no other, 1 concurred
with the committee in proposing this reduction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is worth while
for the people of the country, if not for the
benefit of the Senate, who are supposed to know
this already, to take a little consideration of
the facts about this subject; and I will be just
as brief as I possibly can in stating them. But
before I state them I wish to have the Senate
understand that I do not differ from rny friend
from Kansas or my excitable friend from Mich-
igan in my ideas of progress. 1 am for the
greatest possible progress in every direction in
every department of civilization and public im-
provement everywhere; but if progress means
plunder, then I am not for it. I am for the
economical expenditure of all the money that
is necessary to give all proper facilities to the
new States that my friend from Iowa speaks
of, and speaks of wisely and properly ; and I
beg him to understand that when we undertake
to reduce here we do not undertake to reduce
work, but we undertake to reduce fat jobs and
contracts which the very book that 1 hold in
my hand shows to be monstrous. When I say
this I do not mean to criticise the Postmaster
General as a person ; he has not yet had time
to reform these abuses ; but in helping him to
reform them, we wish to have the persons who
get this money and have got it for the last twenty
years understand that Congress is beginning to
have an eye to it, and that while the service
goes on, the enormous leaks in making con-
tracts for transportation of mails inland must
be stopped. That is our point, and on that
point I think my friend from Iowa and other
gentlemen ought to go with us. Now look at
it, sir ; I read from the report of the Postmas-
ter General for the last year:
" Of mail routes in operation there were 8,861,
aggregating in length 231,232 miles; in annual trans-
portation, 97,024,1)96 miles, and in annual cost,
$10,834,653."
Mr. HOWELL. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWELL. The Senator calls our atten-
tion to the fact that enormous jobs are made in
the contracts for the Po3t Office Department,
and he asks us to come here and reduce the
amount of appropriation for mail transportation
in order that those jobs may be cut off. Now,
as we do not cut off the jobs by a reduction
of the appropriation, but leave that matter as
it stood before, I do not see but that the jobs
will be continued by the Post Office Depart-
ment just as much under our legislation of
reduction as they did before, for it is the influ-
ential classes who obtain those jobs, and it is
those in whose behalf I speak that suffer by
the misapplication of the money, or the appli-
cation of money to those places that are thickly
populated, and to the great railroad routes of
the country. What I want is the devotion of
the benefits of mail transportation to the West,
to the interior, and to the rural populations
everywhere.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, I
will go on. I will reply presently to what the
Senator has just said.
I was saying that the annual cost of mail
transportation for the last year, according to
the report of the Postmaster General, was
$10,884,653. The House of Representatives
in this bill propose to give him $12,000,329, a
sum reached by an arithmetical calculation,
and based, as was shown by my friend from
South Carolina, who went to the Post Office
Department and dug it out, upon a mere arith-
metical error, a blunder of their own, to use a
mild term about it, which swelled the amount
they persuaded the House of Representatives
to give them by a miscalculation of their own
figures. We have corrected that, and have still
given an increase over the service of last year
by the difference between $10,884,053 and
$11,518,844; being almost five hundred and
fifty thousand dollars increase—an increase of
five per cent. Is not that enough?
Mr. RAMSEY. What does the Senator say
was the cost of the inland transportation for
1870?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have before me the
annual report of the Postmaster General as
printed and laid on our tables, which, unless
there is another arithmetical error somewhere,
we must suppose to be correct, and that puts it
at $10,884,653.
Mr. RAMSEY. The table famished to me
shows the cost of inland transportation for
1870 to have been $13,037,053.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I read from the printed
report furnished us by the Postmaster General.
There may be a blunder about it; I cannot
say how that is. I only say that this is what
he gives us in his printed official report. Then
he proceeds to give the railroad and steamboat
routes as follows :
"Railroad routes: Length, 43,727 miles ; annual
transportation, 47,531,970 miles ; annual cost, $5,128,-
901; about,10.78 cents per mile.
"Steamboat routes: Length. 20,695 miles; annual
transportation 4,122,385 miles; annual cost, $706,-
154; about 17.12 cents per mile."
Thus steamboat transportation costs cnce
and three quarters as much as railroad trans-
portation. The cost of carrying a letter by
steamboat, Senators will see by this as it is
made out, is once and three quarters as much
as for the same distance on a railroad. Now,
I submit to any reasonable man that there
must be something wrong somewhere in the
