1074:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
sail giv fyv sli. in the quarter, quhilk the session
sail pay. He sail try out the bairnes. They sail be
brought befoir the session be the elders of the quar-
ter. The session sail enter them to the scale, and
try ther perfiting, and sa cans recompense according
to his paines and ther perfiting. And as for vther
yt. are not able to perfit. yt thay may reid or wreit,
whidder it be for want [of] ingyn.or tym to await
on, sie shall be caused to lern the Lord's grayer, the
comandes, and belev, the heads of the catechisme
that are demanded on the examination to the com-
munion, quhilk travell als« the session will acknowl-
edge andrecompense; and as for the standing yearly
dewtie, refers that to the counsel of the toun to take
ordour nnr,.'
" For close upon a century this plan seems to have
worked well, and 'all the bairnes of the toun* got
more or less instruction. But a generation arose
which knew not Joseph, nor heeded the advice of
John Knox. Hard times come withal; and worse
than that, the schoolmaster,' Wee Davie,' who was
likewise precentor and session cierk, did not get on
well with the minister. The consequence appears in
the last entry, which we shall copy:
"'1 May, 1700.—The session appoints aney thre
elders to-clear accounts with the schoolmaster, and
pay what is due to him by the session, against Whit-
sunday next, and likeways informe him that they
have no design to keep any schoolmaster nor pre-
centor, both vpon account of the indisposition of the
minister and the poverty of the place.'
" At the end of the month the record curtly states
that 'this day Mr. David Ballingali, schoolmaster,
precentor, and session clerk, did dimit.'
" There is an important lesson to be learned from
this representative experiment, namely, that com-
pulsory education cannot be depended on as a local
measure. If the enforced instruction of the rising
generation is a public necessity it is evident that
the law providing for it must be something more
than a local enactment, which personal ' indisposi-
tion ' or the poverty or penuriousness of the com-
munity may cause to be set aside."
To show that the subject of compulsory
education is attracting the attention of the
leaders of public opinion I quote still further,
and this time from the Every Saturday:
"Would we have education, then, compulsory?
We would have the people educated at all events,
call the process what you will. Can private rights
be sequestered to any extent, property be taken and
lives sacrificed, for the public good and yet the Gov-
ernment not be at liberty to expel ignorance from
the minds it is hurting, even for the sake of the
salvation of the country ? They have never so
understood it in the home of the Puritans. Educa-
tion has always been compulsory in Massachusetts,
where the towns are compelled to provide schools
and school officers, and parents and others having
charge of children are obliged, under suitable pen-
alties, to see that they have a certain amount of
schooling. Will any Massachusetts man hesitate to
compare the fruits of this system with the state of
things where compulsory education is regarded as
something to be dreaded ? Look at the statistics of
illiterate children, another name for the statistics of
vagrancy, vice, and crime, embodied in the recent
report of the Commissioner of lOdncafion. Nearly
three thousand children leading idle or dissolute
lives in the streets of San Francisco; fifty thousand
youth in Wisconsin growing up in ignorance; sev-
enty-five thousand in Pennsylvania—twenty thou-
sand of them in Philadelphia alone ; and in New
York eity so little really known about the matter
that the estimates of the number of ignorant chil-
dren range from twenty to sixty thousand! Do we
need, after perusing such representative figures, to
study the condition of the southern States, with
their beclouded masses < more than two million
blacks and poor whites,) in order to see where the
future danger of this country is coming from, or to
get incentives for instant endeavors to avert it?
"It is impossible to think of the subject at all
without seeing that it is one of eminently national
concern. It is a poor consolation to any one State
that it does its duty to its youth in respect to edu-
cation, when the ignorance of surrounding Status
is constantly pouring in over its borders, when its
own citizens are regularly emigrating to communi-
ties cursed by neglect of their young, and when it
bound up in the welfare and fate of a common
nationality. As a nation we cannot afford to allow
this dry-rot of ignorance to continue, much less to
spread. We have ample powers to cleanse the na-
tional mind of this sore disgrace, this prolific evil,
this unparalleled danger, and we shall be recreant
if we do not use them."
The following is from tlie Austin Journal,
(official,) one of the ablest papers in the
country:
" If the yo wig men are uncared for, the Republic
is put in peril, and the instruction of the children is
the best economy for the State. If the criminal
classes are the regular army of vice, the ignorant
are the reserves from whence come the constant
supply of recruits. _ The amount, therefore, spent in
education is saved in jails, courts, and prisons.
'Theboy who has received the stimulus ofknowl-
edge is in the pathway of usefulness and respectabil-
ity. and will surely return to the State the cost of
his instruction; while otherwise he is in a fair way
to become a waif, a street Arab, and a public burden.
The principle of compulsory education has been in-
corporated into the State constitution of Texas; but
the present sohool law is defective in the expression
of thisidea, and when sehool privileges become prac-
tical and universal an amendment will be needed
here."
I close this branch of the subject by quoting
again from the message of the Governor of
Texas, whose views are the exponent of the
sentiments of a large proportion of the right-
minded, thinking men of the State:
"The law passed atyourlastsession seems in many
respects impracticable, and not likely to oarry out
the spirit ofthe excellent provisions of the constitu-
tion. I will instancehere the enactment in thatlaw
for enforcing the education of children. The con-
stitution makers seemed to reason that parents or
guardians could not willfully permit children under
their care to. grow up in ignorance without them-
selves becoming guilty of an offense against the
public welfare. The constitution evidently intended
the infliction of a substantial punishment on such
persons, but the enactment on that subject in the
law will by most of sueh delinquents hardly be
considered a punishment."
The honest Governor knows with what class
of men he has to deal, and He is not afraid
to take the responsibility of enforcing the edu-
cation of the rising generation.
Mr. Speaker, I regard this as the most im-
portant measure now before the country. I
believe the passage of this bill is demanded
by every consideration of patriotism and jus-
tice, as the one thing more than all others
which will place our country on the high road
to prosperity and happiuess. Millions of
children starving for the food of knowledge
cry out for it. Thousands of our youth grop-
ing their way through the purlieus of vice,
shut out from every influence for good, down,
down to the death of the felon, stretch out
their hands to us for help. You talk of rev-
enue reform, labor reform, woman's rights!
It is the children's rights that I advocate.
Revenue reform! Would you reduce the taxes?
Invest your time and influence in measures
for the prevention of crime. Labor reform!
Would you properly adjust the relations be-
tween capital and labor? Insist on educated
and skilled labor. Build the school-house and
the workshop side by side. Educate the work-
man and you will double your capital, at the
same time giving him a home where content-
ment reigns. At the root of all your projects of
reform lies this great question of education.
You cannot escape it. Turn which way you
will, it meets you face to face. Conquer ignor-
ance and every other enemy of the public
weal is at your feet. Then, sir, let us meet
this question like statesmen, as those who must
give an account of our stewardship, not only
to the constituency which we may for the time
being represent, but as those who say what we
say here and do what we do here for our
whole country, for the world, for humanity.
Believing that the government of the peo-
ple by the people and for the people shall
not perish from the earth, upon us devolves
the solemn duty to see that the people are
properly trained for the exercise of that gov-
ernment.
When that day shall come, when the means
of education shall have been provided for every
child in this land and its benefits secured to
each and all, then another picture will present
itself as the crowning glory of A'merican pro-
gress, the "emancipation from the thralldom
of ignorance." I see it now. The church
and the school-house on every hill-top and in
every valley from the Potomac to the Rio
Grande; crowds of happy children singing on
their way to the free fountains of learning,
their voices mingling with the song of the
plowman and the reaper, and the busy hum
of the mill and the factory; all bitterness and
prejudice absorbed in a proud emulation to
work together for the common good—a people
contented and united once more in heart as
well as in name.
•message FROM the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
disagreed to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 141) relating
to records of the courts of the United States,
^ The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 2689) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 80,1872,
and for other purposes, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Cole, Mr. Stjmner, and Mr. Stock-
ton, conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the House
joint resolution No. 472, for the relief of Mary
A. Elliot.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bill No. 2911, to provide
for taking testimony to be used before the
Departments, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which tlie concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 1198) relating to the Reform
School of the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 1277) amending an act enti-
tled "An act directing the conveyance of a lot
of ground for the use of the public schools of
the city of Washingtonand
A bill (S. No. 1318) to authorize the sale of
public property at Houlton, Maine.
national education.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1326) to establish a system of
national education.
Mr. McNEELY addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the House to allow me to
make a suggestion. There are several other
gentlemen who desire to speak on this bill.
But I do not suppose that all the members
desire to stay here and vote. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] desires to address
the House on the bill, and I believe would
prefer to do so in the morning. Now, my
suggestion is that there shall be unanimous
consent to this arrangement: first, that no
vote shall be taken to-night; second, that it
shall be understood that the previous question
shall be moved half an hour after the expira-
tion of the morning hour to-morrow. That
will enable the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
ksrr] to address the House for half an hour,
not coming out of the hour after the previous
question is moved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
in regard to arrangements for to-morrow's
business that he has been advised by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellet] that
to-morrow at three o'clock he will announce
the death of his late colleague, Mr. Covode.
That must be taken into consideration in mak-
ing arrangements for to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I give
notice that immediately after the morning hour
to-morrow I will move that the House go into
Committee of the Whole on the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
modify his proposition so as to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole immediately after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then I
will make the motion immediately after the
reading of the Journal to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will allow me, I will
move that there be an evening session for
debate upon this bill, with the understanding
that the vote shall be taken immediately after
the reading of the Journal to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. That is the best arrange-
ment. I hope that will be done.
Mr. HOAR. I will accept of that sugges-
tion.
Mr. COX. I hope debate will not be limited
on this bill.
