248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
as the other. I could not help thinking when
I heard that remark that, however that might
be ihe judgment of the Senator from Nevada,
- it was perhaps not the judgment of the Pres-
ident of the United States. When I reflected
upon the rude manner in which Motley was
thrust out of his mission at London, when I
thought of the long list of the decapitated friends
of the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schdbz] whose heads have fallen within the
last few weeks, I could not help thinking that
perhaps the President of the United States did
not regard the dissent of a Senator from his
opinions with the same charitable view as the
Senator from Nevada.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chjsbler]
was pleased to tell the Senator from Massa
chusetts that when he came to train this little
body of Democrats here it would not be a very
difficult task, that there were not so many of
them but that he might dress them in line
without any very great military genius to enable
him to do so. When the Senator made that
remark my memory took me back eighteen
years to the memorable year 1852. There was
a presidential election that year. There were
two candidates, the Whig candidate, General
Winfield Scott, the Democratic candidate, Gen-
eral Franklin Pierce. They stood upon plat-
forms that in one particular had no essential
difference whatever, platforms that have been
proclaimed ever since the year 1861 to have
been pro-slavery platforms; platforms that
denounced in almost the same language and
with precisely the same meaning any agita-
tion whatever of the subject of slavery or the
abolition thereof, which denounced it as unpa-
triotic in anybody in any part of this Republic
to seek to disturb by any agitation whatsoever
that status of slavery which existed in the
southern States. Upon that platform the two
great parties of the country went to battle in that
year 1852; but there was one man in the Senate
of the United States that day, and but one, who
repudiated both platforms and would stand
upon neither, who repudiated both candidates
and would vote for neither; and that man was
Chari.es Sumner. I see him standing in the
Senate Chamber then without a single follower.
He had no ten men, the number of the Demo-
crats here, to dress into line then ; he had no-
body but himself; and I have lived to see the
day when sixty Senators of the Republican
party, the Senator from Michigan among them
too, were following in his footsteps with the
most implicit obedience. I have seen that
which I never expected to see; I have seen the
man who repudiated your candidate of 1852,
who spit upon your platform then, at the head
of your column for nearly ten years in the Sen-
ate of the United States.
Where then were you who now talk of noth-
ing but freedom ? Where then were you who
now boast of the enfranchisement of the Afri-
can race? Where then wece you who are so
ready to denounce any man that ever stood up
for the institutions of the country, or at least
sought to prevent, the country from beingruined
by their disturbance? Where were you, lie-
publican Senators, in the year 1852. when the
Senator from Massachusetts stood,'if not sol-
itary, at least alone ? Wheie were you ? One
half of you, or nearly so, voting for Franklin
Pierce, and the rest of you for Winfield Scott.
Now, I am not here to defend the Senator
from Massachusetts. He is quite able to defend
himself. I am not here to nominate him as
commander-in-chief of this little body of Dem-
ocrats. I do not think they want his leadership,
and I do not think he seeks the command.
But when he is reproached with the small num-
ber of his followers, with the number ten, I
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
eighteen years ago lie had not one tenth often
to follow him, although since that he has had
six times ten to obey his commands.
But, again, is there nobody in this Chamber
who concurs in the opposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts to the annexation of San
Domingo but this little band of ten Democrats?
Are we all? If that be the case, why was not
the treaty ratified? You have six men here to
our one; you have six sevenths of the Senate;
it requires but two thirds to ratify a treaty.
If the Senator from Massachusetts has none
who concur in opinion with him here but the
ten Democrats, how comes it that with six
sevenths of the Senate on your side that treaty
was defeated? How comes it that the ques-
tion is again before the Senate of the United
States? Now, what has the Senator from Mich-
igan to say to his Republican Senators who also
dress in the line headed by the Senator from
Massachusetts? What has he to say to them?
If "'shoot the deserters" be the word, as it
I seems to me, or the alleged deserters ; if "scalp
I those who do not march with perfect fidelity at
the command of the President of the United
States" be the order of the day, why is it that
the Senator from Massachusetts alone is as-
saulted, and all those who concurred with him
in opposing the ratification of the treaty and
now concur with him in opposition to this res-
olution, members of the Republican party,
Republican Senators, are left without assault,
and that no scalp of theirs is taken from their
heads?
I must say that it does not seem to me that
these assaults made upon the Senator from
Massachusetts can be confined to him alone.
It does not seem to me that the country will
so consider it. If the result of this discussion
and of the vote on this resolution is to be the
condemnation of Charles Sumner, it is to be
the condemnation of a score of Republicans
who stand by his side in this controversy. If
you are ready to shoot the deserters, or if you
are ready to expel them from your ranks,
gentlemen, do it as soon as you please. Your
par-ty has opened wide arms to deserters from
the Republican party; you have looked no
gift-horses in the mouth; you have taken every-
thing that came, whether halt, lame, or blind.
Perhaps we may be as charitable to you, [laugh-
ter,] and when you begin that expulsion which
seems to be the order of the day and inaugu-
rated to-night I believe we shall not put you
upon too much penance if we only have some
reason to hope that you will train with some
little degree of fidelity in the Democratic ranks.
But again, Mr. President, the Senator from
New York closed his argument with giving us
the benefit of the stump speech he would make
when this question came before that great
forum, the people. He recognizes that this
discussion even here is scarcely for the Senate,
but for the country, and with a magnanimity
which cannot be sufficiently admired, like a
lawyer who has the opening of the case, ho
told us here, who are opposed to the annexa-
tion, what would-be his speech to the people
when he went before them ; and pray what was
it? Why, that he would go back to the good
old Democratic doctrine of acquisition of ter-
ritory; that not only would he shoulder that,
not only would he take up the doctrine which
acquired Louisiana and Texas, but he would
even stand upon the famous Ostend manifesto,
and with that before the people he would carry
the flag of acquisition to a triumphant result.
Ah, I do not wonder at that! Whenever yon
want to get a good ground to stand on you have
to go back and find some old Democratic doc-
trine. You cannot find it anywhere else. But
when you do that you are wholly regardless of
your own antecedents. It does not matter that
you may be reproached with the fact that you
opposed the annexation of Texas ; it does not
matter that your burning words of condemna-
tion of that "piraetical manifesto," as you
called it, concocted by Buchanan and Slidell,
are still ringing in the ears of some credulous
people who then believed you ; it does not mat-
ter that the Democratic party was the subject
of your unceasing denunciation in those days;
you can afford to ignore your record and take
the stand which you then denounced if that is
one which will give yoa victory in the coming
contest. I must say, Mr. President, that it
maybe extremely skillful, and it may he a very
foolish thing in a politician to plume himself
on anything like consistency ; but yet 1 never
before heard a man get up and boast of his
inconsistency.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr, CONKLING. Did he understand me
to adopt or approve, in any sense, the doc-
trine of the Ostend manifesto ?
Mr. THURMAN. Most assui edly I did. It
may bo I did not hear very well, hut I cer-
tainly did so understand the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I must have been very
unfortunate in expressing mvself, and now, if
my honorable friend will allow me 
Mr. THURMAN. If a gentleman takes it
back I will never force on him what he dis-
avows.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, sir, whenever I
wish to take anything back I will ask permis-
sion of my friend.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not use that re-
mark in any offensive sense. If the Senator
says he did not mean what I imputed to him,
that is sufficient.
Mr. CONKLING. But if my honorable
friend will allow me, I will state as nearly as
I can, and as I did state before, my position.
I said that we would join issue upon the ques-
tion of honest acquisition for a fair price with
those who a few years ago advocated the appli-
plication of the Rob Roy doctrine, that might
makes right, for the purpose of stealing this
same island; and I beg to add that, for one, I
disapprove now as much 1 ever did the piracy,
the lawlessness, and the shamelessness of the
doctrine which the Democratic party and its
representatives held on that question at that
day.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from New York, who always speaks with
so much deliberation and so much precision,
was extremely unfortunate to-night, for I am
quite sure that no one who heard him inter-
preted his remarks as he now interprets them
himself. But, as I said before, whenever a
gentleman says to me, '' My meaning was this,
whatever nay language was," I accept that. I
hold it to be unworthy of any man to take
advantage of a mere slip of the tongue or the
hasty speaking of another to impose upon him
a meaning that he does not approve. That is
sufficient for that.
Now, Mr. President, one thing more. The
Senator from New Yorkreeollectingthat forum
in which he is a distinguished light, and most
deservedly so, could not help likening this thing
to a criminal trial in which the Senator from
Massachusetts was the prosecuting witness and
the President of the United States was the
accused defendant, and he asks, almost in the
very words I shall use, whether you would not
extend to the President of the United States
the same means of acquittal that you extend to
the meanest culprit m the land. This, then,
is to be a criminal trial of the President npoa
accusations that are said tohave been made by
the Senator from Massachusetts, and this body
ofmen who are to go to Sati Domingo are the
jury who are to go and take a view, adopting
the suggestion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Ah ! Mr. President, if this is a criminal trial,
if thePresident of the United States is accused,
when in the history of criminal jurisprudence
did it ever happen that the prisoner chose his
own jury ? When before was such a thing as
that known? Tins is the jury to go and take
the view ; this is the jury that is to tind ihe
truth or falsehood of these accusations; and
the high criminal, or at least the alleged crim-
inal, is to have unrestricted power to select his
triers! That is a strange thing to me, a most
unfortunate illustration, as it seems to me. I
say, sir, that fairness does require that this
Senate should have some voice in the selec-
tion of these commissioners if they are to fee
