1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appointed. There is a plain, direct opposition
of opinion between the President and a large
portion ot' the Senate on this very question,
and it is but right and fair that the selection
of this commission- should be subject to the
revision of the Senate of the United States;
and the Senator from Indiana, as I utitterstood
him, expressed himself as ready to acquiesce
in such an amendment if it were offered. I
think he did wisely to say so; and, at the
proper time, such an amendment will be offered
to the resolution, should it not be referred. _
Now, Mr. President, having got through with
this little skirmish line, 1 want to say in very
brief words why it is that I am opposed to the
annexation of San Domingo.
I am opposed to it, first, because, as I have
already said, you cannot by joint resolution (as
is apparently contemplated here) annex it as
territory simply ; you can only do that by treaty ;
and I do not believe there is a Senator on this
floor who thinks for an instant that two thirds
of the Senate will ratify any such treaty, no
matter what may be the report of this com-
mission. I take it, therefore, that the whole
upshot of this movement is to bring in a joint
resolution for the annexation of Dominica,
and, as I have said before, and as was so well
shown by the senior Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] you cannot do that consistently
with the Constitution of the United States
unless you annex Dominica as a State.
You are hurrying this thing so that the sub-
ject may be acted upon before the 4th of March
next; and the question is, are you prepared to
bring in as one of the States ot this Union
one hundred and twenty thousand people, not
one hundred of whom can speak the English
ianguage ; not one hundred of whom are white;
not one out of ten thousand of whom, perhaps,
can read in any language or ever had any edu-
cation that could be called education at all?
And when I speak of education, I do not speak
simply of the" education that is derived from
books. There are thousands of men in the
United States who are educated on the subject
of government sufficiently to be safe deposit-
aries of the right to vote. Your juries educate
thern; your courts educate them; your stump
speeches educate them; the debates in your
legislative bodies educate them; and thousands
aud thousands of intelligent men, fully com-
petent to judge of public affairs and to cast
intelligent votes in the United States, are un-
able either to read or to write. But there has
not been any such education as this in Domin-
ica; nothing of the kind. It has been a land
of throes and convulsions ever since the for-
eign rule was at an end ; ever since it has been
an independent country, with no civil order,
no regular Government, none of the education
that attends a man in the United States from
the time he can speak and understand until he
is laid away in his grave; nothing of that kind,
but rather a volcano of human passions and a
river of human blood. That kind of people
are the population there ; and the question is
whether here, this day, you are willing to take
one hundred and twenty thousand of such peo-
ple and make them the members of a State in
this Eepublic?
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my colleague give
way ? There is a strong desire to have a
vote to-night, but I think we are overtaxing
ourselves, and I rise to ask if it cannot be
arranged generally that if we adjourn now, my
colleague having the floor, that we take the
vote  ,,
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague will per-
mit me, in fifteen minutes I will be through,
and then I shall be most happy to vote for an
adjournment. I would rather close the lew
remarks 1 have to make.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. THUlliMAN. I concur with my col-
league that we ought to adjourn, and when I
get through I shall be most happy to yield to
him, or 1 will make the motion myself.
Mr SHERMAN. I would not myself vote
to adjourn unless we have some understand-
ing about taking the vote to-morrow at a
reasonable hour.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, I will agree to
vote, or to anything else almost, rather than
sit here all night.
Butagain, sir, if these people were the most
intelligent people in the world, if they were
American citizens, if they were American-
born, if every man of them were white and
were educated, still there is an objection to
admitting them as a State. You have gone
too far already in admitting States with insuf-
ficient population. Already you have admitted
new States into this Union whose population
is scarcely more than that of the little city in
which I live. I do not complain of that about
the original thirteen; nobody has any right to
complain about it. Those thirteen original
States formed the Government. The assent
of Delaware was as essential as the assent of
New York. The assent of Rhode Island was
as essential as the assent of Massachusetts.
They were independent; they had a right to
form that Government or not to form it; and
if they saw fit to form it by solemn compact,
no State, however great its population may
become or however great its wealth, has a
right to cast up to any State, however small, that
she is inferior either in population or in wealth.
So far as the thirteen original States, are con-
cerned, therefore, 1 have no complaint to make,
not the least in the world, that the population
of some of them is very small as compared with
the population of others; but when it comes
to admitting new States into tho Union, then
I do say it is of most evil example to give to
forty or fifty thousand people in one portion
of the Union that coequal right which is pos-
sessed by four million people in New York; and
therefore, if there were no other reason than
this, lam not prepared now, and would not be
prepared in the case I have supposed, to admit
Dominica as a State.
But, sir, passing from that, I am opposed to
it for another reason. This scheme contem-
plates the acquisition first of Dominica; sec-
ondly, it contemplates the acquisition of the
remainder of the island, the republic of Hayti,
by force or by intrigue. It contemplates that,
per fas aut nefas, Hayti too is to be annexed.
That is the meaning of it. Nobody can believe
that if the United States get Dominica they
will stop there. Nobody entertains any such
opinion. "The whole" ifnot "boundless con-
tinent," boundless island, is to be ours if we
ever set a foot of ownership upon one single
inch of it.
The next objection I have to the scheme
is that the inevitable result of it must be an
increase of the Army and the Navy. In my
judgment they are both too great already. In
my judgment a republican country needs no
such great standing army, and the experience
of the last war proves that we need no great
navy in time of peace. But annex Dominica,
and forthwith you will be compelled to increase
your Army and to increase your Navy, and
thereby increase the expenses of the Govern-
ment. .
Again, sir, I am opposed to this scheme be-
cause it is another one of the mighty strides
that have been taken toward centralizing all
power in the General Government, overthrow-
ing everything like the reserved rights of the
States and the people. Once begin the policy
of having a set of outlying States, of having
a set of States peopled with natives of a dif-
ferent race from ours, speaking a different lan-
guage from ours, with diflerent customs from
ours, a different civilization from ours, and the
rule of the bayonet will become almost a neces-
sity ; and every instance of bayonet rule that
takes place in the country is a precedent s&l
up in favor of despotism. Every instance ot
bayonet rule, of bayonet interference with elec-
tions, of bayonet interference with the reserved
rights of the people, of bayonets used to over-
throw or control State governments or the
people of States—every snob .instance that goes
unrebukedis a fortress built by despotism in
the very heart of Lhe country, to destroy the
liberties of ibe people. - .
Sir, you will extend this and magnify it a
thousandfold if you once begun cm this great
scheme of outlying States, i do not say that,
there might not be territory beyond the limits
of the Republic that we ought to.acquire ; 1
could name territory that I think the interest
of the country would require us to annex , if
it could be done with the free, voluntary,
cheerful consent of its people; but this is not
such a scheme as that. This is the inaugura-
tion of a scheme of conquest. It is the inaugu-
ration of a scheme by which we are to have
a great colonial system like Great Britain,
by which we are to conquer territory as Eng-
land has conquered Hindostan. It is a scheme
by which the aggregation of territory is to be
marked, every mile, by footsteps in Wood and
by human tyranny. That is wiiat this scheme
contemplates. It comes before us, like the
first seduction, with all the beauties that can
be thrown around it by the graces of rhetoric
or the beauties that can be shown to ttie eye
or excited iu the imagination. . But that is the
way the tempter always comes. No tempter
ever cams with a forbidding aspect. He always
comes clothed in beauty and uttering words
that are music itself. But it becomes Senators,
men who ought to be statesmen or ought not
to be seated here at all, to look through all
this rose color that is thrown around the sub-
ject and see what is to be the fatal end of this
scheme if it be pursued to the end.
It is, Mr. President, for these reasons, be-
cause 1 am opposed to the annexation of the
republic of Dominica as a State; because I
am opposed to acquiring Havti by force or by
fraud ; because 1 am opposed to au increase of
the Army aud the Navy; because I am opposed
to increasing the expenses of the Government,
and because I am opposed to taking any fur-
ther step in what I think, with all deference to
others, is the downward road we are treading
toward a consolidated despotism in this land,
that I must give my vote at every stage of the
case, from first to last, against all propositions
that look to the annexation of Dominica.-
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President——
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator from
Oregon now yield to a motion that an under-
standing be had ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will yield to see if any
arrangement can be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will then propose that
the ordinary order made by the Senate shall
be taken in this case, that to-morrow at two
o'clock the vote shall be taken upon the ques-
tion of reference, and if that motion fails that
the Senate shall then proceed to vote on
amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without further
debate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Without further debate,
or with five minutes' debate on amendments.
Mr. PO.MI5ROY. But let the whole debate
terminate at three o'clock to morrow.
Mr, SHERMAN. And that the debate, at
any rate, shall terminate at three o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDEN f. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent 
Mr. SCHURZ. There will be a number of
amendments, and I do not think it will be
possible to consider them iu an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would allow one
hour for amendments.
Mr. SCHUltZ. The amendments will have
to be discussed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we shall have to go
on to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we had better
go on now. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair w,,I
state the proposition. The Senator from Dnio
asks unanimous consent-to an agreement tha„
at two o'clock to-morrow the Senate shall pro-
ceed to vete on -{heTrending proposition, and
