1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
friend what increase of clerks there has been
in the post office at New York during the last
year'/
Mr. RAMSEY. The precise number I can-
not mention.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me tell my friend,
upon my own information and belief—I do not
speak by the book—but he will find if he will
trouble himself to look into the subject ofpost
office affairs, (aside from the franking privi-
lege, which has lately absorbed his attention
entirely,) that the clerks in the post office in
New York, under its present very competent
and proper management, have not beeu in-
creased at all, and New York is growing as
much as any other city in the Union.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then if the Post Office
Department manages its affairs so well, and
there are no superfluous clerks, why pay so
little regard to its recommendations?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That comes back to the
point I suggested, that the true way to provide
for this Department, in the opinion of the Sen-
ator, would be to pass a law allowing the Post-
master General to draw all the money out of
the Treasury that he had a mind to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly, as I said before,
if you give that power to all the other Secre-
taries, I should be very glad the Postmaster
General should have it also, but not otherwise.
Mr. COLE. This branch of the service last
year amounted to $2,457,190 67. The amount
that the Committee on Appropriations propose
to award for the same branch of the service
this year is in excess of that by some forty odd
thousand dollars; and I have a statement here
from the Auditor, to the effect that " the appro-
priation for the year ending June 30, 1870, of
$2,500,000 will, it is hoped, be sufficient to
cover the increase up to that time. Theaddi-
tionalamount asked for will, I think, be needed
for the year ending June 80, 1872, to keep pace
with the incieased demand for clerical assist-
ance in separating offices, as well as the slight
increase in some of the growing offices."
It will be noticed that the increase author-
ized by the committee is pretty large. It
amounts to over forty thousand dollars; and
if I could separate the items I could show
that the amouut the committee propose and
that the bill proposes for the use of railway
post office clerks is much in excess of the
amount reported for that serviee last year.
The amount appropriated for that branch of
the service in the bill as it came to us from
the House is §585,338, considerably more
than half a million dollars for clerical ser-
vice ; service thart would otherwise be. per-
formed iu the various post offices of the
country. If it were not for the allowance of
this sum of over half a million for that ser-
vice, there would be a good deal of propriety
in the demand to increase the clerical force
in the post offices. I really think that this
amendment of the committee ought to be
adhered to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator, if he has a memorandum of it, what
was the appropriation last year for clerks in
post offices.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The appropriation was
$2,500,000.
Mr. COLE. But the amount expended was
a good deal less ; it was $2,457,190 67.
Mr. RAMSEY. What became of the bal-
ance?
Mr. COLE. I suppose it was turned into
the Treasury.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then there was nothing
lost.
Mr. COLE. There was nothing lost; but
why should we make an appropriation for a
great deal larger amount than is demanded for
the service? Why present to the country the
spectacle of voting larger appropriations than
aie needed?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator is not certain
that there was any surplus at all.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; there was. Two mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars were appro-
priated, and only $2,457,190 expended.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then there was some forty
thousand dollars in excess, and that was all.
How is it possible, in conducting so large a
Department as this in such an extensive coun-
try as this, to estimate closer than that? Sup-
pose you should have a surplus of $50,000 
Mr. COLE. Let us have a vote upon it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yery well; I will say no
more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, reducing the appropriation
for pay of clerks in post offices.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines thirty-six
and thirty-seven of section one to reduce the
appropriation " for pay of letter-carriers"
from $1,500,000 to $1,250,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire simply to call the
attention of those Senators who represent
States containing cities in which there is free
delivery to this amendment. If they do not
intend to have that system broken up they had
better reject the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations. I call the attention of the
Senators from New York, the^Senators from
Pennsylvania, and the Senators from Maryland
and other States to this proposition. They
have free delivery at present in their cities;
and if they do not desire that free delivery
continued, of course they will vote for this
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-eight,
to reduce the appropriation "for wrapping-
paper" from $38,000 t.o $35,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is a very small mat-
ter. I do not know what data the committee
had to justify them in making this reduction
of $3,000 in the matter of wrapping paper.
The committee can probably inform us what
information they had to induce them to make
this reduction.
Mr. COLE. I think the appropriation for
this same purpose last year was probably the
basis of this amendment. There was a mis-
take in the estimates or in the recommenda-
tion of the Department in regard to the amount,
at all events in reference to the two items of
twine and wrapping-paper.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to the
amendment if the committee have any data to
justify them in making this recommendation.
It is a very small matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty of
section one to reduce the appropriation "for
twine" from $40,000 to $35,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-four
of section one to strike out "$70,000" and
insert "$50,000," so as to make the appro-
priation for advertising $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-two
of section one, after the appropriation for the
manufacture of postage-stamped envelopes and
newspaper wrappers, to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That the manufacture of such envelopes
shall be let by contract to the lowest responsible bid-
der upon samples to be furnished by the Postmaster
General, and shall be furnhhetl by the Government
at ten per cent, above actual cost.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I desire to offer an
amendment to this clause, in ihe fifty-first line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment would be in order before the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations; but the
committee's amendments are generally consid-
ered first. The Senator from Connecticut
desires to amend this paragraph.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the amendment be
read, so that we may know what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to insert after the word
"wrappers," inline fifty-one, the words "with-
out printing, lithographing, or engraving;" so
as to make the clause read :
For the manufacture of postage-stamped envelopes
and newspaper wrappers, without printing, litho-
graphing, or engraving, $4112011.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is hardly in order
at this moment, although I, for one, have not
the least objection to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is to insert
the words "without printing, lithographing, or
engraving" in the appropriation in regard to
the postage-stamped envelopes. If there be
no objection the amendment will be received
now, as it involves the question touched by
the proviso proposed by the committee also;
Mr. RAMSEY. This printing of the in-
dorsement upon envelopes is a great service to
the public. Of course if the Senate do not
desire it continued, they will adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut. It is
furnished to the public free of cost. I think
there can be no objection to that. They want
it; they desire it. It will certainly cheapen
the expenses of the dead-letter office. Count-
less letters have to be transmitted annually to
the dead-letter office, where a great number
of clerks are employed, while by this means
the letters are directly returned to the corre-
spondent himself as he requests. It costs the
people nothing to buy those envelopes and it
costs the country nothing.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The great objection
to it is that it costs the people nothing. It is
a service rendered by the Government which
costs the Government money and which is paid
for out of the Treasury of the country, instead
of being paid for by the parties who have the
service rendered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that they charge nothing for the printing of
this indorsement on the envelope. There is
no extra charge for that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That is the very
objection, that they do not charge for it. It is
the performance of a regular and well-estab-
lished business throughout the country to A,
B, and C without any cost to them, but at an
expense to the Government.
Mr. SCOTT. The amendment which the
Senator from Connecticut has offered brings
before the Senate a subject to which our atten-
tion, I think, has been directed pretty gen-
erally. It is the subject of the stamped envel-
opes furnished by the Government and sent
free of charge through the mails throughout
the whole country. There are two points
involved in it. The second point, I suppose,
is not reached yet; but the one which the
Senator from Connecticut now makes is this :
that business firms all over the country are
furnished with stamped envelopes, and their
business cards are printed upon them. The
printers throughout the Union, the printersiu
the county towns and in the smaller cities
over the land, are interested in finding out
how it is that this printing upon such an
immense number of envelopes is done and
nobody paid for it. I understand that the
honorable Senator from Minnesota, the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, says that the people do not pay
for it. If the people do not pay for it directly
when they get their envelopes, then the Gov-
ernment pays for it: or do the manufacturers
of these envelopes make additional profit upon
the envelopes to compensate them for the
printing, and thus concentrate at the point
where the envelopes are manufactured all the
printing which might be^ more profitably dis-
tributed among the various printing offices
throughout the country ?
This is, however, leading to the other point
which will come up directly, and they may as
well be considered together, in regard to this
system of furnishing Government envelopes ;
and that is, that while we are endeavoring to
economize in the administration of the Post
Office, and seeking to abolish the franking priv-
