TIP CQNGRE^IQMAl; GfLOBE.
February 9,
The Constitution, in the j.)iii'4 fW^graph °£
section seven, article one, provides as fojlows:
"Every order, resolution, or vote, to which tjie
concurrence of the Sen&te'and "House of Represent-
atives may be neces^ary' (exccr>t on' a question" of
adjournment) shtiil be pTOSenteil to the President of
the United State?."
The mosf liberal construction which has been
given to this paragraph of the Constitution bx
jurists has been that resolutions in regard to
joint committees or other concurrent action
of the two Houses, involving only the mere
routine business of the two Houses, need not
necessarily be sent to the President, although
they do require "the cmncurrence of the Sen-
ate and House of Representativesbut every-
thing in the shape of legislation must be sent
to the President, and certainly so where pro-
vision is made for a change or variation of
existing laws on the statute-book of the United
Stales.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired, and the Senator from Kentucky
wi|l suspend his remarks. The unfinished busi-
ness pending at the adjournment yesterday is
before the Senate, being the bill in regard to
public schools in the District of Columbia.
Mr. COLE. I move that the unfinished busi-
ness be laid aside, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the general legislative,
execnlive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business being before the Senate," the Setiator
from California moves that this and all other
orders be postponed for the purpose of con-
sidering the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of laying
aside the unfinished business, and shall vote
with the Senator from California to do so ; but
1 desire a vote of the Senate to know whether
it will not dispose of this question which I con-
sider in the nature of a privileged question. I
think it due to ourselves, due to the Senate,
due to the gentleman from Georgia, due to the
State of Georgia, that we should dispose of it.
I therefore ask for a division of the question
so as to postpone the present subject, and then
I shall move to proceed to the consideration
of the joint, resolution in regard to Mr. Miller.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to demand a division of the question.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not wish to antag-
onize the bill of which I had charge against the
regular appropriation bills, provided it leads
to any discussion; but we discussed human
rights I think satisfactorily to the Senate yes-
terday, and to a sufficient length. If not, we
can talk on that subject upon almost any bill
that comes up in tiie Senate, as we know by
past experience. I am perfectly willing to
leave the amendment which was introduced
into the bill by the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the action of the Senate. With rne it
is simply a question of time. If the Senate
thinks the time has comc when black and
white children .should be forced together in
the schools here, let them take the responsi-
bility ; X shall be satisfied. My judgment is
that the time has not been reached, and that the
good of both whites and blacks in the District
requires that the bill should be passed as it
came from myself when first reported. But I
should like to have the action of the Senate on
this single question. There is only one other
amendment that 1 wish to have made in the
bill, and that is to strike out the proviso to
the tenth section, spoken of by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpexter. ] I think
we can vote on the bill in live minutes if the
Senate will allow it.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will not insist upon putting in con-
flict such an unimportant measure as his, bill
with the one which! have indicated. I ask
for a vote of the Senate upon my motion.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let me say one word
moie to the Senator from California. I have
stii^ied pretty thoroughly the wants of this
district in ttis matter of education. I know
that if there is any one subject in this District
which demands legislation it is the subject of
education; and I think it is for the interest of
the District that this bill should be passed
before a territorial Legislative comes into
power in the District of Columbia. 1 say to
the friends of the black man, it" they'warit to
put tim into schools with the white man, or
if they want an equal cjiahce for colored men
in this District' vyith white men, they hat}
better pass this bi]T. That is my judgment.'
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. "I" desire
to say that the honorable Senator from "New
Hampshire is"mistaken as to the time'it wilj
take to pass the bill to which he refers. The
bill will certainly be discussed to a very con;
siderable'extent before it can be passed in this
body.
The VipE PRESIDENT. A division of
the pending motion is demanded by the Sen-
ator* from Illinois, and the' first question will
be on postponing the unfinished business; the
second branch will be on proceeding fo the
consideration of the appropriation bill. The
question now is on postponing the unfinished
business.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on tjte second branch of the
motion, to proceed to the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill. " .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall ask for a divis-
ion of the Senate on that motion, simply to
see whether the Senate is disposed to take up
Miller's case and dispose of it.
The" VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois gives notice that if this motion
shall be rejected he will move to take up the
joint resolution in regard to Mr. Miller.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I wish to say
one word. I desire to discuss the question of
Mr. Miller a little, and in the best possible
temper, as the Senator from Illinois says ; and
I am quit§ aware of the truth of the remark
he made, that probably it does not need any
further discussion, because my friend from
Illinois has made a very able and satisfactory
speech upon the general subject. At the same
time, I have some ideas connected with this
particular question and the election of this
particular Senator, under the personal dis-
qualifications that then existed, which have
not yet been discussed ; and I should prefer,
therefore, if the Senate are willing, to wait
until the first of next week before we are
plunged into that question.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the question
before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator frotn California,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, on which the Senator from
Illinois demands a division and gives notice
that if the motion be voted down he will move
to proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution in regard to Mr. Miller.
_ The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 25.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. COLE called for
the yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am rather surprised
that the Senator from Illinois should make
a motion of this kind, antagonizing a mere
question about the removing of the disabilities
of a man engaged in the late rebellion to some
extent agaiust the most important appropria-
tion bill pending before the body. It is
utterly impracticable at this period of the ses-
sion to go through with the ordinary course
of business unless the appropriation bills are
allowed to have due precedence, precedence
that in times past was always given to them
unless they were crowded aside by some very
important measure.
It is manifest that the great volume of these
appropriation bills, involving necessarily a
multitude of details, will take a great deal of
time. I heard the Senator from Illinois the
other day-say that he would not vote for any
more separate, distinct bills removing disa-
bilities ; that he wanted a general bill remov-
ing all disabilities; and yet now, if I under-
stand his motion, he proposes to antagonize
a preposition to remove a single disability
against a general appropriation bill, because
after all the bill which he desires us to vote
upon is a bill to remove disability, although
the result of it may be in favor of a person
claiming a seat in this body. The decision
of the Chair was undoubtedly correct on the
point of order. We are not dealing with the
right of Mr. Miller to a seat in this body.
That is not the question before us or that is
proposed to be brought before us. The ques-
tion is whether we will'remove the disabilities
created by the voluntary act of Mr. Miller him-
self. And it is now proposed to arrest the
important business of this Congress in order
to do'wliat the Senator himself said the other
day he would not do for anybody except by gen-
eral law. My own opinion is that we ought to
take up the appropriation bills now, when we
have time to consider them, treat them fully and
fairly, discuss them, and not leave the appropri-
ation bills to crowd through the funnel of legis-
lation at the close of the session, when every
kind of amendment may be voted upon them.
I therefore, though not a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, shall stand by that
committee in the hope that they will press"
these bills through now at this stage of the
session, so that we may consider them in all
their details.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to_ say to the
Senator from Ohio, who thinks it inconsistent
in me to favor this bill after giving notice that
I should oppose bills for the "removal of dis-
abilities, that this is not a bill for the removal
of any political disabilities whatever. No
political disabilities rest upon Mr. Miller. He
does not come within the constitutional amend-
ment at all. The people of the United States
have decided, by adoptinga certain amendment
to the Constitution, that certain persons who
were engaged in the rebellion should not hold
office. That is equivalent, perhaps, to say-
ing that those who do not come within that
constitutional amendment may hold office. At
any rate, Mr. Miller does not come within those
disabilities at all; and if this oath were to
be regarded as a political disability, it would
clearly be unconstitutional so far as it related
to a member of Congress. The Senator from
Ohio knows very well that it has been decided
repeatedly by both Houses of Congress that
Congress cannot add to or take away from the
qualifications imposed by the Constitution of
the United States. This is not a disability im-
posed by the Constitution. The question here
is as to taking a particular oath.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a disability.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is a disability, it
is unconstitutional. That will be a question
to be argued hereafter, if the Senator should
think proper to argue it.
Now, I am in favor of taking up the appro-
priation bills as a general thing. I shall vote
with the Senator having those bills in charge
against everything else, unlessitbe in thenature
of a matter of privilege like this. I know this
is not strictly a question of privilege ; at least
it has been decided not to be by the Chair ; but
it is in that nature. It is in reference to a gen-
tleman who appears here to take a seat. Now
let the Senate decide it one way or the other.
Certainly the State of Georgia is entitled to be
represented here by somebody.
The Senator by my side [Mr. Wit.sox] sug-
gests that we lix a particular day lor its con-
sideration •, but I do not know that we could
get it. The unfinished business runs over.
If this appropriation bill is taken up to-d.iy
