254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
expedient. I thought it more gentle and con-
siderate to avoid discission with him, being
assured that he would ascertain the judgment
on annexation through the expression of public
sentimentin the newspapers and various report.
If in this respect I erred, it was an honest mis-
take, believing at the time that I was pursuing
the more delicate course. Here let me add
that I acted also according to my experience
with treaties.
I am told of a boast by Mr. Seward that he
has negotiated half of the treaties of this Gov-
ernment. 1 know not how this is; but if it
be true, then have I had the responsibility of
carrying half the treaties of this Government
through the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Senate. Never before have I known
a President take any such interest in a treaty.
Never have 1 been approached by a President
on a treaty. I had no reason from any com-
munication outside to supposeat that time that
the interest of the President was what I now
know it to have been. Had I imagined it, my
course might have been different. Probably I
should have seen and conferred with him when
I was satisfied that the treaty could not receive
my support. If I erred in this respect, I erred
honestly and with a sincere desire to act gently
and considerately. This, sir, is my offense.
Do I deserve the bitterness of the Senator from
Vermont?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to yield to me for a word in replv.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has stated that I have
either ignorantly or willfully misrepresented his
position as to what is called the Chicago man-
ifesto ; that he has disowned it. He disowned
all the preamble and prelude, and all that sort
of thing, and owned to the only part of it which
contained any serious reflection upon the honor
and integrity of the President of the United
States. That he admits he did say, although he
now says that lie had not the slightest idea of
impugning the President's integrity or motives.
Sir. SUMNER. And at the time when I
made the remarks I said that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He only stated that he
was informed by a friend of his, a respectable
officer of the Navy, whose name is not forth-
coming, that lots were staked out in the bay
of Samana to this adventurer and that adven-
turer, whose names I do not remember, but
which were given; and I believe that the largest
of all bore the name of the President of the
•United States. And yet he says he did not
intend to impute anything to the President of
the United States. Wherefore, then, say it
wilh a reporter in his presence?
Mr. SUMNER. There was no person pres-
ent whom I knew to be a reporter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator was either
so wrapped up with his thoughts on the subject
of San Domingo and the bay of Samana as
to be unconscious of the surroundings, or he
knew that he was talking to somebody, and
this somebody, it turns out, was a reporter. He
jcnew that; and his knowledge of human affairs
is not so small as to lead him to imagine that,
telling such a tale as he now says he did tell,
the world would not believe that he intended
to have it understood that the President of
the United States was corruptly interested in
land grants in Samana.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already told the
Senator that it was an absolutely private con-
vention with an old friend, formerly a mem-
ber of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the honorable Sen-
ator Iroin Massachusetts mean to say that Mr.
Arnold, who was the peison referred to, pub-
lished this tale ?
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was there anybody else
present at the time?
Mr. SUMNER. Nobody known to me as a
reporter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my honorable friend
from Massachusetts had a private conversation
in a tone of voice loud enough to be overheard
by a stranger who was present in his room, I
presume, who went and pnblished it in the
newspapers. The world will say that that is a
very extraordinary private conversation ; and
when it was published the public could not fail
to understand that the Senator from Massachu-
setts, in the way it was published, intended to
haveit believed that the Presidentof the United
Slates was guilty of these gross improprieties.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says ''in the
way it was published ;" but the Senator will
do me a little justice when I say that I was
in no respect responsible for it; that it was
stolen and then manufactured and published
absolutely without my consent or knowledge.
Nobody was more surprised at its publication
than myself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, it
was stolen and manufactured ; but the only
poison in it happened to be the poison fur-
nished by the Senator from Massachusetts, as
he confesses himself. There is the trouble.
Now the Senator hopes I will do him a little
justice. I will, a very little; because I do
think that if he were to have large justice his
conduct to-day would be condemned in a much
larger measure than it has been. The resent-
ment of a great mind has so overpowered its
usual balance that I really feel that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is not quite conscious,
from what he now says, of the remarks that
lie has been making to-day.
Mr. President, I wish the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to understand that I have made no
assault upon him. He seeins to suppose that
exercising his senatorial privilege of the free-
dom of debate he may attack the President
of the United States, who is my President and
the President of my people, and that if any-
body replies to him he is assaulted. I beg him I
to believe that he is not. It is of very little
consequence, indeed, let me tell the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, whether he was
for this treaty or against it, or whether he
and the President of the United States had a
misunderstanding about it; but it is of large
consequence whether arepresentative of one of
the States of this nation shall, under the cover
of freedom of debate—and I do not use the
word "cover" in any offensive sense—shall,
in the exercise of the freedom of debate, say
those things of his Chief Magistrate, without
proof to support them, that the honorable Sen-
ator has said to-day; and I say that the respect
we owe to the States we represent calls upon
Senators and obliges them to condemn con-
duct of that character in such terms as are fit-
ting and deserving, unless the proof shall be
brought forward to maintain such accusations.
But now the Senator, after having, as I have
said, shown his personal animosity by throwing
the whole of this in upon a subject which did
not call for the exercise of any such feeling,
tells us at last that he does not back out of any-
thing, because he has never attributed to the
President of the United States anything but the
strictest rectitude of conduct and intention.
So be it; I am glad to know it. If one witness
more is wanted to the overthrow of this last
calumny against the President—it is not the
first; the others have died long ago—we have
that witness in the person of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator speaks of this
" last calumny." Do 1 understand him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, that is what I
said.
Mr. SUMNER. To what does the Senator
refer?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I refer to what has been
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts to-
day as touching the conduct of the President
of the United States regarding this matter
which we have just been discussing; and I
also state in connection with that, as I did
before, that the Senator has at last told us that
he believes the President of the United States
to be a pure man ; that is the substance of it.
So do I.
Mr. SUMNER. And have I said anything
to the contrary to-day?
Mr. EDM UNDS. Very decidedly.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very decidedly.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I correct the
Senator. The Senator is not the only person
in this world who may be right. 1 have said
nothing to-day to justify him in his couish.
He makes upon me an unfounded, vindictive
personal assault, and I repel it. I have m«tde
no such attack on the President as he charges.
He cannot quote a word that I have said to-
day that will justify him in his assault; nos
one word. He speaks of a calumny. I have
uttered no calumny. I have developed cer-
tain facts tending to show an exercise of power
in the waters of this island not justified by
public law. This is my allegation. I have
not alluded to any question of fraud, whether
by the President or any person about him,
least of all by the President. I have dealt
with this question to day historically on the
facts and the principles ot public law. On my
conscience have I dealt with it, making no per-
sonal imputation upon anybody. I exhibit the
facts and apply the rule of justice. This is oil.
The Senator goes out of his way to make
mischief, 1 am sorry to say it. I thought better
of the Senator. I did not suppose that he
would break forth in his personal animosity.
I challenge him to show that I have made
to-day any imputation upon the good faith or
the integrity of the President. Therefore have
I nothing to take back. Had the Senator been
more candid he would not have followed the
Senator from New York in bringing forward a
false report, disowned at once by myself, full
of falsehood, and which he must have known
I had disowned. I bad supposed that in fair-
ness, when one disowns a statement attributed
to him a friend will accept the denial.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; but you did
not disown it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator only seeks to
make trouble. He cannot fail to understand
my position. The interview which he invokes
so constantly was absolutely private, as private
as any I ever had with the Senator, and some-
times we have conversed together, though he
leads me to suppose that we may not hereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I never told it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator never put it
into a newspaper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nor anybody else.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but when I dis-
own it, why does the Senator seek to impute it
to me?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator desire
an answer?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not impute it to him
when he disowns it; but he confesses in open
court that the only calumny imputed to the
President in that letter, as I remember, at all,
the only crime, is the very one which he says
he did tell on the authority of an officer of the
Navy.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, let me hold the Sen-
ator there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to understand what
the Senator means.
Mr. SUMNER. And I wish to understand
what the Senator means. The Senator splits
of "the only crime" charged upon the Presi-
dent as reported by me. I repe'l the attempts
of the Senator to confound truth. I have re
ported no "crime," unless the fact that the
President's name was written on a lot consii
tutes a crime. This I have reported and now
report again on the authority of a naval offi-
cer. In telling this story I simply stale a
fact which becomes offensive only through the
Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. THURMAN ad-
dressed the Chair'.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
