1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
IP!
it may last several days. I am very sorry that
it so occurs that we have to antagonize this
matter with an appropriation bill. I am sorry
that the Senator from California should have
considered it his duly to press forward an ap-
propriation bill when a question in the nature
of a privileged question like this was brought
up, whether a State shall have its represent-
ation here; and everybody admits now that
the State is entitled to have somebody here,
because we have already admitted one^enator.
It is due to Georgia, due to ourselves, due to
the person who claims a seat here, that we
dispose of the question. That is why I felt it
my duty to insist, upon calling it up this morn-
ing. But if we could take it up to-morrow, if
the Senate would agree to that, so far as I am
concerned I should be willing to take it up
to-morrow and dispose of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are to take up some-
thing else lo tnorrow.
Mr. TIlU.MBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont teils me iliat we have agreed to take up
something else to morrow; and so it will be
every day. I do not think a question like this
ought to be put over from day to day to accom-
modate other legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that to-morrow has not been assigned
for any particular bill, except that the chair-
man of ihe Committee on Appropriations has
suggested that he may need to morrow as well
as to-day for the appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULIj. But will the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations consent
that, this joint resolutioti be set for to-morrow?
Mr. COLE. No, sir, I cannot do that. The
Committee on Appropriations has directed me
to hold 011 to these two days at least.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state, before the debate continues, that
by the eleventh rule the merits of the bill pro-
posed to be taken up, the appropriation bill,
are not before the Senate, and consequently
the merits of no other bill are before the Sen-
ate. The Chair only states this because Sen-
ators have requested him to enforce the elev-
enth rule so as to limit debate as much as
possible on these motions to take up.
Mr. COLE. I regret that the Senator from
Illinois has deemed it his duty to bring for-
ward his measure at this time and put it in
conflict with this important appropriation bill,
lie has told us that it may run through several
days. We know it may take several days to
dispose of this bill, and we all know that to
dispose of the important appropriation bills
that ure now pending will require several
days. If we can get at this appropriation bill
with these other measures behind it, it is prob-
able we can get through with it in a reasonable
time; ami I intended at a later hour of this
day, if we are not likely to get through with
it, to move for a recess in order that we might
continue the consideration of it this evening.
I hope that we shall waste no more time upon
the mere question of priority of business, but
shall proceed with this bill, of which ample
notice was given. We had no notice from t.he
Senator from Illinois of his intention to bring
up this question, which he regards fts in the
nature of a privileged question, to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 gave notice yesterday.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember any such
suggestion. Notice was given several days ago
that this appropriation bill was to l e called up
to day, and it was expected by the Committee
on Appropriations, and I presume by a large
proportion of the Senate, that it would be the
business of the Senato to-day Without any
opposition or interference.
Mr. T1IURMAN. I beg leave to ask the
attention of the Senate to the "history of this
question. As soon as the Senate seated one
of the Senators from Georgia I offered this
resolution. The decision of the Senate in seat-
in^ Mr. Hill determined the question that the
Legislature by which Hill iind Miller were
elected was & legal Legislature, and the report
of the Judiciary Committee established the
further fact that Mr. Miller was also legally
elected ; that he was under no disability pre-
scribed by the Constitution; and that if there
was any objection at all to be overcome it was
simply the fact that having acted as a surgeon
in the confederate army, a non-combatant, he
could not take the test-oath. That was fully
disclosed by the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary. I asked that that resolution
might be considered at once. Objection was
made, and it was necessarily postponed. When
it came up again, instead of being considered,
as I hoped it would be, the Senate having the
facts before, it, everything that could possibly
be revealed to the Senate being before it, the
resolution was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and necessarily laid over until
that committee could meet. That committee
met and reported it back favorably to the Sen-
ate, and immediately the chairman of the com-
mittee asked the Senate to consider it. At
the first opportunity he could get he made that
motion, and be gave notice that he would press
the motion whenever he could get an oppor-
tunity until the question could be heard.
Now, I submit that there has been no delay
on the part of those who are in favor of this
resolution, but that they have endeavored by
every means within their power and at every
proper moment to get the resolution before
the Senate for its decision. On the other hand,
it has been delayed and delayed, and now it is
asked that it shall be delayed until all the ap-
propriation bills shall have been passed upon.
Why, Mr. President, is not Georgia interested
in these appropriation bills? Does she not
pay a part of the taxes of the Government?
And if she is entitled to representation—and
you have decided that she is—ought not the
question whether this gentleman shall take his
seat in this body to be determined, so that her
voice may be heard upon the remaining legis;
lation of this session ? I cannot for my life
understand why it is that Senators who are
opposed to this resolution will not let the Sen-
ate decide upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the State of Georgia
is exceedingly anxious to have herself repre-
sented fully in this body she can do just what
all the other States have done: elect men who
can comply with the law and enter upon the
performance of their duties. That is the way
for a State to be x-epresented here if she wishes
to be ; and the fact that we have decided that
she is entitled to representation does not touch
the question that we are to have before us upon
this joint resolution extending a special priv-
ilege to this gentleman. The State is entitled
to representation ; but she is only, under the
Constitution and the laws, entitled to repre-
sentation by the selection of such'a Senator as
the law authorizes to perform the duties and
functions belonging to that office. Now, con-
fessedly, upon the man's own statement, the law
as it stands does not authorize him to be a
Senator from Georgia, and legislation, there-
fore, requiring in effect a repeal of a statute
that has existed in the country for eight years,
must be had in order to let him in.
Mr. FOWLER. Is this discussion in order
under the rule?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated twice to the Senate that_ under the
eleventh rule debate on the proposition sought
to be considered is not in order ; and therefore
debate on a proposition not sought to be con-
sidered by this motion is also out of order.
Senators on both sides of the Chamber have
gone beyond the limits allowed by the eleventh
rule. If any point is made the Chair must
remind the Senate of the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I bow to the decision of
the Chair. I think it is right. I only add
that I wish honorable gentlemen had made
these points when members on their side were
speaking. The Senator from Illinois made it
himself first," and then was the first to violate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont that the.
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] spoke "ift
regard to the comparative merits of the two
propositions, and the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] responded, after which tha
Chair, supposing they had been disclosed suffi-
ciently, stated to the Senate that he desired to
enforce the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am satisfied.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the rule
enforced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires to have the rule enforced, and
the merits of these two propositions cannot be
discussed.
Mr. DAVIS. The question is whether one
of the appropriation bills shall be taken up,
the order of the day being dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. I agree with the courteous
and able Senator from Ohio [Mr. Si IF.!; MAX ]
as to the importance of that bill. It is one of
the most important of the appropriation bills.
But, sir, I ask if Georgia has hot the right to
be fully represented and to be heard in the
Senate upon that bill ? Ohio is fully repre-
sented and ably represented j California is
fully represented and ably represented ; and
so of Vermont. What right have the Sena-
tors from those States, or a portion of them,
to exclude Georgia from her representation in
the discussion and consideration of that bill?
It is of as much importance that Georgia should
be heard upon that bill in all of its provisions,
in all of its features, as that Vermont should
be, as that California should be, or as even
the great State of Ohio should be, because it
is her constitutional right. I admit that whether
she presents a candidate qualified under the
law and the Constitution is a proposition
which the Senate has to decide ; but the gen-
tleman who claims to be the legal and consti-
tutional representative of Georgia says he is
qualified under the Constitution and laws.
He tenders that issue to the Senator from Ver-
mont and to the other Senators 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Kentucky that obvi-
ously he is not now within the eleventh rule.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am speaking to the subject
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator in
the first part of his remarks spoke about the
necessity of Georgia being represented in the
consideration of the appropriation bill. The
Chair thinks that the utmost latitude might
perhaps cover that; but it certainly does not
cover Rebate as to the qualifications of the
person claiming to be elected and who does
not take his seat in consequence of his inability
to take the oath prescribed by law.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Chair decide that
upon the question of taking up this appropri-
ation bill or refusing to take it up I may not
use as an argument that Georgia has elected a
Senator who is qualified by the Constitution
and law to take his seat, and who is present
and asking for admission to the Senate Cham-
ber? Does the Chair decide that this is not
a legitimate argument upon that question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide that by the eleventh rule, as he under-
stands the eleventh rule, debate upon a propo-
sition to take up a bill is very narrow. During
the time when various States were not repre-
sented at all in the Chamber, when a certain
portion of the people of the United States
claimed that they were entitled under the
Constitution to representation, and when they
had no Senators or Representatives, the Chair
would have ruled that debate upon a proposi-
tion to take up an. appropriation bill did not
involve the question whether Tennessee, North
Carolina, South Carolina, "Georgia, and other
States should or should'not be represented > and
whether those persons who had been elected
were entitled to immediate admission. The
