1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
you take it out of my left hand to put it in the
Treasury. That is the effect of it upon the
people. I think the Government ought to
stop this competition with business, and let
business be as free as the air we breathe.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is probably no im-
provement in the management of postal affairs
that is so advantageous to the public interest
as this small matter of having printed oil the
envelopes a request to return the letter if not
called for in a certain time.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not object to
that.
Mr. RAMSEY. What do you complain of,
then?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The printing of busi-
ness cards.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know that I should
have any objection to doing away with that.
But surely the Senator does not object to
printing on the envelope a simple request to
return the letter in ten days to the writer if
not delivered. Of the envelopes that carry
letters to the Department not over one sixth
are stamped envelopes, and probably not all
those, probably not- over halt' of them, have
this request indorsed on them. Every one
familiar with the workings of the Post Office
Department knows that the great incubus upon
that Department is the dead-ielter office. Mil-
lions of letters not called for in the various
offices throughout the United States are re-
turned there, keeping the clerks in the local
post offices busy in transmitting them to the
dead-letter office and requiring a hundred
clerks to be engaged constantly in the dead-
letter office opening and distributing them.
All that trouble and vexation is saved by this
little indorsement printed on the corner of
the envelope, ''If not called for in a certain
time, return." This is in pursuance of the
legislation of 1864. It is a reform in the
right direction, and I should regret very
much if the Senate would go back upon the
improvement of these years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have listened to the
debate on this subject, and I wish to suggest
to the Senator from Connecticut an amend-
ment which I think will meet probably his
objection and will accomplish a reform. I
have seen many of these envelopes printed
with cards upon thetn making them a kind of
advertising medium. They are printed by the
person who procures the envelopes, probably
at some trifling cost, and paid for by the per-
son whose card is stamped on the envelope.
I think there ought to be printed on all these
envelopes the simple request, if not delivered
to return to the writer. That is an advantage
to the Government, and if the Governmentcan
accomplish that much without any increased
expense, at the mere cost of printing the stamp
on the envelope, and it can be done at the
same moment and at the same time, it is an
advantage and can properly be accomplished,
and I see no reason why it should not be. I
propose, therefore, to insert as an addition to
the proviso reported by the committee these
words:
Provided, That no envelope shall contain anylith-
ographmg or engraving, and no printing except a
printed request to return tile letter to the writer.
That, 1 suppose, would meet the objection
of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will not object to
that.
Mr. RAMSEY. And the locality, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a.lways indicated
by the stamp ; that is never printed.-
Mr. RAMSEY". The Senator knows how
illegible the stamps often are. In not more
than half the stamps can you distinguish the
place from which the letters were sent, I here
can be no objection to printing the locality on
the envelope also.
Mr. SHERMAN. You cannot print that.
Mr. RAMSEY". I have one in my hand now.
"If not called for in.ten days, please return to
Sharpe & Palmer, Wabashaw, Minnesota."
What is the objection-to printing the locality?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is always written.
Mr. RAMSEY. No; printed.
Mr. COLE. It would be utterly impracti-
cable to print envelopes for every little post
office throughout the country, thirty thousand
in number. The amendment is right as it is.
Mr. SCOTT. I concur in the suggestion of
the Senator from Ohio ; but to print the locality
leaves it open to the very abuse which he seeks
to correct. I have here the envelope, that the
Senator from Minnesota refers to as an exam-
ple. The whole of it reads in this way : " If
not called.for in ten days, return to Sharpe &
Palmer, editors Herald, Wabashaw, Minne-
sota."
Mr. RAMSEY. What I suggest in that ease
is to print " Wabashaw, Minnesota."
Mr. SCOTT. That is an advertisement of
the Herald at Wabashaw. Minnesota. But
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Ohio simply authorizes this: "If not called
for in ten days, return to," and then leave a
blank for the signature of the party sending it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is it, precisely.
Mr. RAMSEY. " Return " where ?
Mr. SCOTT. Let him write that.
Mr. STEARNS. If the intention of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is that there shall be printed on
the envelope simply the request to return with
the name of the party and place, I have no
objection to that. I do not care about having
business cards or advertising matter on the
envelopes. The practice of the Department
has been that a business man or a firm having
a large number of letters to send give an order
for five huudred envelopes, or one thousand,
or two thousand, and direct that their name
and post office address be printed on them, and
they have also printed the business. Now, I
ask, what harm is there in having that name
and address printed on the envelope, instead
of compelling the business man to write them
there ? The Government can print them there
as well as not.
I am willing you should leave out the busi-
ness; I care nothing about that. Here is John
Smith writing two thousand letters every year.
He can send to the Department and order two
thousand envelopes with a direction printed on
them to " return to John Smith, of Smithtown,
if not called for in ten days," and they can
print that direction, and it will cost nothing.
"Who is harmed by that? If you refuse to print
it, then John Smith or his clerk must write his
name and address two thousand times in the
course of a year. Who is to be benefited by
that? John Smith may be benefited by having
the practice of penmanship; and if he writes
as poorly as I do it might do him good. Then,
again, if there are many poor writers in the
country, the postmasters must study out these
signatures and addresses, instead of^ having
them printed plainly and legibly. Who will
be benefited? Nobody. Now, although it is
a great convenience, and I have used it myself
in my own business, yet I have not the slightest
objection to refusing to print the business card
on the envelope, and put it in the shape as sug-
gested by my colleague, that it shall be simply
a direction to return to the writer at his place
of residence, and leave it there.
One word more. I am reminded of the
remark of the Senator from Iowa in reply to
something I had said before, endeavoring to
run this argument to the extreme idea of the
Government doing the business of the people,
to show the absurdity of it.. He says, why not
follow it out and do other business? I suggest
to my honorable friend that we might turn that
argument around, and if the Government is
not to be allowed to furnish envelopes conven-
ient for use in its own Department., why not
withdraw the Post Office Department entirely,
and leave the carrying of the mails to private
individuals? The Post Office Department in-
terferes very much with our private express
companies in carrying matter. They, undoubt-
edly, would prefer to have all that business
themselves. Why not run the argument in
that direction as well as in the other? Simply
because we are to be governed by the rules of
common sense, and not run it to the extreme
either way. What the Government can do
without any expense to itself or anybody else,
and, indeed, as has been shown in this debate,
with great saving to itself in the matterofd«ad
letters, and yet with great accommodation to
the people, let the Government do, And not
follow out the argument into all its absurd
extremes.
Again, the question is asked, will not just
as many letters be returned if we do away with
tbe present system? I answer no; not one in
ten, perhaps not one in a hundred of those who
would gladly purchase these envelopes with
this printed direction on them, if they could
get them, would take the trouble to write this
direction on their letters to have them return ed.
Take our business firms who are using these
envelopes, and this is on the point that has
already been raised as to printing the name and
address. I speak now of what I know. The
firm of which I chance to be a member sends
out probably tvfo or three thousand letters
every year. I know that if we had to write the
name and address on the envelopes to.secure
the return of those letters in case of non-deliv-
ery we would not do it on one tenth of them ;
whereas we would very willingly buy envelopes
with this direction to return printed on them.
So that I say, by punishing me and those in
like circumstances, all business men, by re-
quiring us to write our names and address on
these letters when we wish them returned, for
every dollar that you tax us you tax your own
Department ten, and nobody is benefited by it.
I confess that I feel a.good deal of interest
in this subject, and I hope the Department will
be allowed at least (and that is all I ask and
all that any reasonable man can ask) to print
on the envelope a request to return, with the
name of the party and tbe address.
. Mr. COLE. I hope we can. now reach a vote
on this question. I believe it is thoroughly
understood, and I rather presume there will
not be any more light shed upon it. I hope
we may have a vote first on the,amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, and then on the
amendment of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut accepts the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Oiii i). as the Chair understands.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on that amendment, to insert after the woiA
"dollars," in line fifty-two, the following:
Provided, That no envelope shall contain any lith-
ographing or engraving, and no printing except a
printed request to return the letter to the writer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment reported by the committee by in-
serting after the word "bidder," in the fifty-
fourth line, the words "who shall not have
previously defrauded or been in default to the
Government;" so that the proviso will read :
Provided, That the manufacture of such envelopes
shall be let by contract to the lowest responsible bid-
der who shallnot have previously defrauded or been
in default to the Government, upon samples to be
furnished by the Postmaster General, and shall bo
furnished by the Government at ten per cent, above
actual cost.
I want to cut off the right of people who
have been detected in frauds once from com-
ing in and bidding below what they honestly
can do the work for in order to commit fraud
again. . , .
Mr. COLE. I think nobody will object
to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
