1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
Missouri [Mr. Schtoz] is entitled to the floor,
but he has already yielded several times.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to yield to me, to allow me to finish
this matter with my friend from Massachu-
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to prolong
this point. It has come down to a very nar-
row one, so far as the President is concerned.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me
to make a remark right there? It seems to me
this is drawing it rather fine. To make any
gentleman responsible for the report of an
interviewer is a greater responsibility than
ought to be put upon anybody's shoulders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is very fair. The
Senator from Missouri has laid down a very
handsome proposition, and I hope he will stick
to it. But I want to add another: I think
every gentleman ought to he responsible for
himself, if it ever occurred to the Senator
from Missouri.
Now, Mr. President, I simply wish to close
this matter with the Senator from Massachu-
setts by saying that I have not any animosity
against him; I have made no assault upon
him; but I think he has demonstrated to the
Senate and to his own friends that the worst
enemy he has in North America to day is
himself.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Missouri yield to the Senator from
Ohio ?
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to give way to me for a moment,
Mr. SCHURZ. For what purpose ?
Mr. THURMAN. To make a few remarks.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to do that
myself; but I will yield to the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, there is a
very great question before the Senate; and I
beg leave to observe, by the way, that this is
ihe Senate of the United States. [Laughter.]
There are seventy-one members in this body.
Sixty-one of them belong to the Republican
party. Gentlemen of the Republican party,
are you satisfied with this day's debate? Do
you think that this debate has been such as
the magnitude of the subject demands? Do
you think that it will redound to the credit of
the American Senate iu this country and else-
where? I put that question to you iu all
solemnity.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to answer
for one.
Mr. THURMAN.
Mr. CONKLING.
Wait until I get through.
I should like to answer
Mr. THURMAN. If you do, you are your
own conscience-keepers and you are your own
judges in the case. For my own part, I be-
lieve the best thing you could do would be to
adjourn, and when you meet to morrow you
will argue this subject in such a temper, in
such a tone, and with such arguments as
become Senators and become the theme.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say, in response
to the very excellent lecture of the Senator
from Ohio, as he puts me upon the confes-
sional, that I must confess that some part of
this day's proceedings I do not think will
redound to the credit of the American people.
My respect for my friend from Ohio forbids
me to state what part that is. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. That is precisely such a
remark as 1 should expect from the Senator
from Vermont. Still, I am willing to take it
as an additional proof that at this hour of the
incjlit the Senator from Vermont has lost his
judgment, although he has not lost his' wit.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri will now resume the floor if he
claims it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did the Senator from Ohio
move an adjournment?
Mr. THURMAN. I am through.
Mr. SCHURZ. I thought that you had
moved an adjournment.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; you had the
floor, and I could not move an adjournment.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] has quoted my report upon the
condition of the South in the year 1865 as a
precedent for this resolution, and he asks me,
if I was then willing to have committees go
down to the southern States to investigate the
condition of things there, why I would not vote
for the sending of a commission such as is now
proposed in this joint resolution. It seems to
me there is a difference between the two cases.
In the first place, I may say that I am opposed
to annexation in the tropical regions for reasons
which are not covered by any of the items
enumerated in this joint resolution at all, and
that therefore I can vote against this joint res-
olution without any reference to the informa-
tion which I desire in this case to base my
judgment upon. In the second place, in 1865
it was absolutely necessary for Congress to
act upon the condition of the southern people;
is it equally necessary that the United States
should annex San Domingo, whatever the con-
dition of things be there?
But however that may be, it is not quite
correct, as the Senator from Vermont said,
that I had designated this whole inquiry, as
such, as a sham and a humbug. I did say that
if the investigation was confined to a very short
time in which such an immensity of sub-jects
were to be inquired into, it would not con-
tribute any reliable information to the stock
of knowledge we already possess, because it
would be impossible for any man to master
the subject in a short time; and I am of that
opinion still.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Cockling]
reminded me of the fact that I had collected
the material for a report on the condition of
the southern States in a very few weeks; I
think he said thirty days. He is a little mis-
taken in that. I was out about three months;
and then I had only one subject to investigate,
and I had the whole machinery of the Freed-
men's Bureau and all the officers of the United
States Army stationed in the South to contrib-
ute information ready-made to my report. Such
facilities the commission which is to be sent to
San Domingo will not have. In the first place
they will find a country entirely strange to them,
whose language they do not understand ; in the
second place, instead of finding an organiza-
tion, so to say, of trustworthy informers, as I
found in the officers of the United States, they
will probably have to break through a thick
tissue of deception to get at the truth. All
the material they will have to find and to work
up themselves in order to furnish any inform-
ation of value. It seems to me that it will be
impossible for them to give us anything that
will materially contribute to the stock of knowl-
edge we possess already within the limit of
thirty or sixty days, which appears to be allot-
ted to them.
But I would ask the Senator, what is the
hurry in this matter? Why are we in such hot
haste? The Senator from New York gives us
as one reason that this investigation can be
carried on only during the winter months. I
say it ought to be extended into the summer
months; for is not this commission to inquire
into questions connected with the climate also?
Are they to report to us about the summer ■
climate in December and January? No; on '
the contrary, they ought to go there when it :
is hottest in order to ascertain how high the ;
thermometer is apt to rise under favorable j
circumstances. i
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the i
Senator, ought they to go next summer and :
remain over the following winter in order to [
get the flavor of all the variations of climate; :
or would it not be well to commence their j
operations now and remain over the summer? j
Which way would suit the Senator? i
Mr. SCHURZ. The longer they remain
there the better the information they will be
able to give us. Bat I am positive that it will
be impossible for any commission of scientific
gentlemen to report upon the political condi-
tion of a country, or of political gentlemen to
report upon the geology and the mineral wealth
&nd_ agricultural resources and climatic pecu-
liarities of a country in so short a time as is
here assigned to this commission. Therefore
I said that this would be liable to result in a
sham and a humbug.
May I ask the Chair what is the precise
question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, as modified on the suggestion of the
Senator from New York. It will be read as
modified.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has drawn it in such a way as
will be quite acceptable to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
as now modified by the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
modified, which was to strike out the word
"and" after the word "Domingo," in the
sixth line, and to insert the words "and to
such other places as such commissioners may
deem necessary, and thereso that the clause
will read:
That the President of the United States beauthor-
ized to appoint three commissioners, and also a secre-
tary, the latter to be versed in the English and Span-
ish languages, to proceed to the island of San Domin--
go, and to such other places as such commissioners
may deem necessary, and there to inquire into, ascer-
tain, and report the political state and condition of
the republic of Dominica, &c.
Mr. POMEROY. Ought not that language
to be "such other places within the United
States?" Do we mean to send this commis-
sion all over God's creation?
Mr. SCHURZ. As we have been assured
that the commission will consist of some of
the most eminent men of the country, it is not
likely that they will go on a wild-goose chase.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest as a mere
verbal alteration to the Senator to make it
read "to such other places, if any, as they
may deem necessary." Otherwise it might
be held that there was an implication that
they were to go to some other place.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the amendment as now modified, by
inserting the words "if any?" The Chair
hears no objection, and it is agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the joint
resolution by inserting after the word "ap-
point " and before the words " three commis-
sioners," in the fourth line, the words "by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. SUMNER. Let us
have the yeas and nays upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHURZ. It has been disclosed to us
this evening for the first time that this is to be
an inquiry into the President's own conduct.
I must confess that 1 never dreamed of any
such thing; but if it is so, then I think the gen-
tleman who introduced this resolution wronged
the President himself in putting the appoint-
ment of the commissioners who are to inquire
into the President's conduct in the President's
own hands. Nothing connected with the Presi-
dent's own conduct, at least so far as any im-
proper motives could be attributed to him,
ought to be within the purview of this resolu-
tion, or most certainly the President ought not
to be embarrassed with the duty of appointing
the commissioners. Under such circumstances
I should think common delicacy wouWrBqaire
that the Senator from Indiana himself should
have embodied a provision like the one now
before us in his resolution. .
Mr. MORTON. I propose io treat the
President with -degree of respect, i do
