1082
'ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Chair thinks that the Senator from Kentucky,
an old member of the Senate, is perfectly con-
versant with the intent of the eleventh rule,
and will, of course, on the suggestion of the
Chair, confine himself within its bounds.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state my argument and
let it be passed upon.'
The VIGE PRESIDENT. The Chair dis-
likes very much to restrain Senators'in a body
like the Senate, where there is no restraint on
debate except the eleventh rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Kentucky will pardon me for interposing, I
beg leave to suggest that I think, perhaps, we
can make an arrangement that will be better
and save time. If the acting chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations and the Senate
will consent that we shall take this matter up
on Monday I am willing, for one, to agree to
that, if it be understood that we shall then
take it up and dispose of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not object myself.
Mr. WILSON. Monday is assigned specially
for something else.
Mr. TRUflBULL. There is the trouble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Four days of
next week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday, have been assigned to the con-
sideration of reports from the Committees on
Military Affairs, Foreign Relations, Territo-
ries, and Judiciary, respectively; but those
orders are subject to be set aside by a majority
of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senate will agree to
give me Friday I will agree to exchange Mon-
day for that day ; but I must have one day for
the business of the Committee on Military
Affairs
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would not be
right to let this case go over all next week.
Mr. WILSON. I will ask unanimous con-
sent to change the day for the consideration
of reports from the Committee on Military
Affairs from Monday to Friday, in order that
we may give Monday to this case.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the proposi-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Monday was
assigned to the consideration of reports from
the Committee on Military Affairs ; but the
Senator from Massachusetts consents to give it
up and take Friday if the Senate will agree to
that change. It requires unanimous consent.
Is there objection? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is so ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I ask 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is on the floor. Does he yield to
the Senator from Illinois?
Mr. DAVIS. I had designed to ^tate my
proposition ; but I will yield.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the
joint resolution to which 1 have called atten-
tion be made the business for Monday next. I
want it to be something more than a special
order; I want it understood that it is to be
the business on Monday next, so as to avoid
controversy about the unfinished business. I
hope the Senate will give unanimous consent
to take it up on Monday. 1 have yielded to-
day after this struggle, and I hope nobody will
object to unanimous consent being given to
take it up 011 Monday.
Mr. T1IURMAN. At one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At one o'clock.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is a motion in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion is now
pending to proceed to the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropri-
ation bill, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered. The Senator from Illinois, as
the Chair understands, asks unanimous con-
sent that Monday, at one o'clock, be assigned
for the consideration of the joint resolution
referred to by him, and that the rule regard-
ing the unfinished business of Saturday be
puspended.
Mr, TRUMBULL. For that purpose,
The VICE PRBSIPENT, If ibero be no
objection, it will be so ordered; and it is so
ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, we do not want
the yeas and nays 011 the other question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the call forthe yeas and nays on the
motion to take up the executive, legislative,
and judicial appropriation bill will be with-
drawn, and the appropriation bill will be con-
sidered as before the Senate.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbkson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had non-concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate*to the bill (H. R. No. 1829)
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812, and the widows of de-
ceased soldiers, requested a conference on the
disagreeing votes thereon, and had appointed
Mr. C. W. Willard of Vermont, Mr. Horace
MaynarD of Tennessee, and Mr. John M.
Rice of Kentucky, as the conferees on the
part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2386) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872, requested a conference on the disagree-
ing votes thereon, and had appointed Mr.
James B. Beck of Kentucky, Mr. A. A. Sar-
gent of California, and Mr. James S. Neg-
let of Pennsylvania, as the conferees on the
part of the House.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
joint resolutions; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 293) appro-
priating money to defray the expenses of the
select committee of the Senate appointed to
investigate alleged outrages in the southern
States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 285) in favor
of J oshua Bishop, late a lieutenant commander
United States Navy.
steamship line to mexico.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now ask the Senate to
set apart Monday evening to consider the bill
regarding steamship service in the Gulf of
Mexico. As I stated yesterday, I have waited
patiently day after day. I know that that bill,
as well as other bills of a similar nature, are
of great consequence to the commercial in-
terests of the country, especially that portion
of the country that lies upon the Gulf. I
desire Monday evening to be set apart for the
consideration of that bill. I think it is not
asking too much of the Senate under the cir-
cumstances, and I hope and trust there will
be a general disposition to let us have that
evening. Of course I desire also to include
the other bills on the same subject, after this
bill is disposed of. Let them come up in their
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ TheSenator from
Louisiana asks that by unanimous consent the
Senate order an evening session on Monday
evening at half past seven o'clock for the con-
sideration of the bill granting a subsidy for a
steamship line in the Gulf of Mexico. Is
there objection ?
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itrequires unan-
imous consent, the appropriation bill being
before the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I was about to suggest to
the honorable Senator from Louisiana that he
ask for an entire day and evening ; if not Mon-
day, some other day soon after. These are
important interests. Without expressing any
opinion as to the merits of the several propo-
sitions 
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order,
We shall never get started if we allow debate
or. othej.1 matters to go on,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects, and demands the reg-
ular order.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose you cannot stop
anybody talking about the subsidy bills under
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is first to read the appropriation bill in
priority of any speeches, if any Senator de-
mands The regular order is before the
Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire now to inquire
if it is proper to make a motion to set aside
Monday evening for the purpose I have sug-
gested ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by unanimous consent. But this not being
the morning hour, the Senator cannot propose
the resolution except by unanimous consent.
If it were the morning hour he could move the
resolution, subject to an objection carrying it
over one day.
Mr. POMEROY. He can move to post-
pone the appropriation bill with a view of
taking up the other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana did not ask that question, and there-
fore the Chair did not respond to it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now, I ask if I can move
to postpone the pending order in order to make
the motion I have designated?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order; but if the Senate does postpone the
appropriation bill, this not being the morning
hour, the Senator cannot as a matter of right
make the motion. Resolutions are business
belonging to the morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before we take a vote
on postponing this bill I wish to hear the bill
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on the motion to postpone?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont insists that the bill shall be
reported in full before its postponement.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the Senator from Ver-
mont insists on that, I give notice that 011 to-
morrow or Saturday I shall move to postpone
the order assigned for that day, which is, I
believe, reports from his committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill is the business before the Senate.
oyster island.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk,
returning, in conformity with the request of
the Senate of this da}', the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 235) ceding to the State of New York
Oyster Island, in the harbor of New York;
and Mr. Stockton's motion to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the resolution was
entered.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAIt OP 1812.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II, It. No. 1829) granting
pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812, and the widows of deceased sol-
diers, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives ; and
On motion of Mr. HOWELL, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho
Senate be appointed by tho Ynt President.
The VIGE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Howell, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Davis the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
Mr. Edmunds was subsequently, on his mo-
tion, excused from service upon the committee
ot conference ; and Mr. Pratt was appointed
in his place.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION'S.
The Senate pfooeeded to consider its amend-
ments to tha bill (II. R, No, 2J3C) makiujj
