1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Vermont. Is it
the intent:on of the committee in this amend-
ment to revoke the contract now existing?
Mr". EDMUNDS. I am unable to say.
Mr. RAMSEY. The amendment ought to
be clear on that point. I address myself to
the chairman of the committee, and ask him
what the purpose is.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Vermont
can answer as well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. According to my recol-
lection, I was engaged in the Judiciary Com-
mittee at the time this particular proviso was
adopted. Therefore, my friend from Califor-
nia or my friend from South Carolina prob-
ably would be better able to furnish the in-
formation. The subject was discussed while I
was present; but when the proviso was drawn
tip, according to my recollection, I was not
present, and therefore I do not know what the
linal conclusion was.
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose there was
any intention to interfere with any existing
contract. I supposed that these contracts were
let from'year to year, and not for any, definite
time, and that there would be a contract for
this year's service the same*as for any pre-
vious year, and let to the lowest bidder, as is
usually the case.
Mr. RAMSEY. The contract subsisting
now is for fouf years, and lias been running
for some months. If the intention of the
committee is to interfere with the contract
and relet it, of course the Government must
meet the consequence. I do not know that
any one is opposed to it, if that is the desire ;
but it certainly ought to be clearly expressed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does that contract last
for four years?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course,
this proviso will affect the appropriation for
next year's service.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Would not the present
contractors be coining in to claim damages in
case Congress should abolish the present con-
tract ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course. The contract
is made according to law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was it made according
to law ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose it was.
Mr. ED M U N DS. That is doubtful.
Mr. RAMSEY. What I mean to suggest is,
that the committee ought to make this propo-
sition very clear, so as to leave no doubt about
it. The proviso reads:
Provided, That the manufacture of such envelopes
shall ho let by contract to the lowest responsible
bidder.
Is it to be let by contract? Is that the
meaning?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about the purpose of the mover of this amend-
ment, but the legal effect of its language is
to limit the appropriation. The appropria-
tion is for printing postage-stamped envelopes,
and this proviso expressly declares that those
envelopes shall be obtained by contract. As
the appropriation is made for the next year,
I suppose after the 1st of July you will be
required to purchase envelopes by contract.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the present contract
is to run for four years, and was made in pur-
suance of law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know nothing about
the present contract.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There has been a great
row about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Andprobably there will be
a great row if it is broken. I do not know that
there is any objection to the amendment; but
I say if that is your intention there ought to
be clearness about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any question
about the present contract as to its propriety
or legality?
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand there is a
contest by parties in the House of Represent-
atives about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS., I will state what I know
generally from the committee about it., although
1 was not a party to this phraseology and do
not know precisely what was intended myself.
These envelopes were advertised for, and sev-
eral bidders put in bids. One firm, whom I
will not name because I might do them injus-
tice by stating, possibly, too strongly on hearsay
testimony their conduct, were the lowest bid-
der. That contract was set aside for what
perhaps was not a very good reason, although
there was another very good reason why, if I
had been Postmaster General, with iny present
information, I should have refused to receive
it altogether. Whether the next best man who
bid got the contract then is a matter of dis-
pute. It is claimed that the person who has
ohtained the contract is a person who was
neither justly, for the benefit of the Govern-
ment, as the lowest and best bidder, entitled to
it, nor the person who by law, under its proper
spirit and effect, was entitled to it as the lowest
bidder who could be received. But of course
that is a subject of dispute; and I do not un-
dertake to express any opinion as to what the
truth is. It is very certain that there ought to
be open and fair competition for these great
contracts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend, or perhaps the Senator from Minne-
sota can tell, when was this existing contract
made ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. This last spring.
Mr. RAMSEY. A few mouths since.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the law as it now
stands, a contract can only be made for tem-
porary supplies.
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; that has passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the provision in
last year's bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. That was for a temporary
emergency ; and that has passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the law of the last
session is still in force. It provided " that
no part of this appropriation,"-—that is the
appropriation now going on—"shall be ex-
pended for stamped envelopes beyond a tem-
porary supply sufficient for use till the 1st day
of October next" 
Mr. RAMSEY. Then there was a contract
commencing on the 1st day of October.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Except to carry out
contracts hereafter to be made with the lowest
bidder according to law, samples to be fur-
nished by the Postmaster General." I ask the
Senator if the contract was given to the lowest
bidder?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly, it is so asserted;
I know nothing about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the contrary is as-
serted. I think, on looking at the language
of this amendment, the fair import of it is—
and it is not liable to misconstruction—what
the Senator from Ohio says, that the, money
which is appropriated in this bill is to be paid
for envelopes that shall be obtained by a con-
tract to be let hereafter under the limitations
and provisions of the law; and from what I
have heard about it, I am quite willing to take
the risk of a claim for damages, and have an
open, fair, and square competition for this
service.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then what can be the objec-
tion to so stating distinctly in the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will leave it just as
it is.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it for this year or the
fiscal year named in the bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The fiscal year named
in the bill. 1 think it is just about right as it
stands.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by adding the
following:
And provided further. That such envelopes shall
not be transmitted by mail, without an additional
charge of one dollar per thousand for transporta-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut will be
in order after this proviso has been acted upon.
The question now is on the proviso repotted
by the Committee ou Appropriations as amend-
ed by the Senate.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut now moves to add the fol-
lowing proviso :
And provided further, That such envelopes shall
not be transmitted by mail without an additional
charge of one dollar per thousand for transporta.
tion.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will be reserved
until we get through the amendments of the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California desires this amendment reserved
until the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations shall be disposed of. It will
be reserved.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was, after line sixty five of
section one, to strike out the following clause :
For miscellaneous payments, including balances
due foreign countries, preparation and publication
of post-route maps, rent of post offices, luel, light,
stationery, and miscellaneous items for the same;
registered package envelopes, official envelopes for
the use of postmasters, envelopes for the return of
dead letters to writers, fees to United States attor-
neys, clerks of courts, and United States marshals;
engravinfr, printing, and binding drafts and war-
rants, and tor miscellaneous items, $733,500.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For balances due foreign countries, $203,000.
For preparing and publishing post-route maps,
$20,000.
For rent of post offices, $200,000.
For fuel for post offices. &100.000.
For lights for post offices. §110,000.
For stntionery and miscellaneous items for post
offices, $40,000.
For registered package envelopes, £15,000.
For oUioial envelopes for use of postmasters,
$30,000.
For envelopes for return of dead letters to writers,
$4,000,
For fees to United States attorneys, clerks of
courts, and United States marshals, $10,000.
For engraving, printing, and binding drafts and
warrants, 83,500.
For miscellaneous items. §1.000.
Mr. COLE. That only separates the items,
and I suppose there can be no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator from
California, who has charge of this bill, if he
has any objection to my offering an amendment
at this time?
Mr. COLE. Let us get through these amend-
ments first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
allow the remainder of the first section of the
bill to be read ? There are only four lines
remaining.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
The Chief Clerk concluded the reading of
the first section of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that I pro-
pose to offer an amendment to this bill, and I
am compelled necessarily to be absent upon
public business this evening. It would be a
very great accommodation to me if I could be
allowed at this time to offer the amendment.
I know it is not exactly in order now, but it
would be a great convenience to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
are all disposed of except two, and the Sen-
ator from Oregon now asks consent, pending
the other amendments of the committee, on
account of public business calling him away,
to offer ail amendment now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire
what the character of the amendment is?
■the VICE PRESIDEN l1. The Chair is not
advised.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I can have it read for
information.
Mr. CHANDLER, Very well.
