1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ul.OBE.
1083
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 80,
1872, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives ; and
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Blair the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, a3 in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2521)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govera-
ment for the year ending Jane 30, 1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
will be considered as they are reached in the
reading of the text of the bill, with amend-
ments proposed thereto.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the clause making ap-
propriations for the compensation "of the offi-
cers, clerks, messengers, and others receiving
an annual salary in the service of the Senate,"
to strike out in line twenty-two, before the
word "clerks" the word "six," and insert
"twelve so as to read, "twelve clerks in
office of the Secretary of the Senate, at §2,220
each."
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have an
explanation of that amendment.
Mr. COLE. The explanation is very easy.
If the Senator will turn to page 4 of the bill
he will find an appropriation " for temporary
clerics, $10,000." We propose to strike out
that item entirely, and in other places to make
change* whic^ will counterbalance this addi-
tion to the regular force of the office.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
beg leave to inform the Senator from Cali-
fornia that he is mistaken about that. There
are periods of the session when temporary
clerks are absolutely necessary, and they will
be necessarily employed daring the last few
days of the session. But is it worth while in
the Senate, when we are attempting to reform,
to add six to the permanent clerks of this little
body, at a salary of 82,220 a year each? If
this amendment is adopted, it does seem to
me that we shall be taking a step backward.
I trust in our own body, where we have the
sole control over the matter, where we do not
allow the House to interfere, we shall not
double the number of permanent clerks at
82,220 a year. As a matter of course, I inter-
fere with some delicacy in a matter in which
our own body is interested; but the time was
not many years ago when a very few clerks,
five or six or seven, did all the business of the
Senate of the United States. Now we have a
principal clerk, a principal executive clerk, a
minute and Journal clerk, a financial clerk,
and it is proposed to have twelve additional
clerks besides ; and then besides we h^ve a
keeper of stationery and many temporary
clerks. Unless there is some clear necessity
for it I think the Senate had better not agree
to this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This apparent increase
of clerks was made at the suggestion of the
gentleman in charge of the Secretary's office,
and of our very competent cashier, who pays
them all, and keeps the run of them, and for
thid reason : it is not an increase of clerks at
all; but for years and years there has been on
the roll, and paid and employed and worked,
this full number of clerks; only they have been
called temporary clerks, and have been paid
out of the contingent fund, instead of being on
the regular roll. It is of great importance to
tbo ft&inistratioa of the money affairs of ths
Senate and of the country, my friend from
Ohio will readily admit, to have the contin-
gent fund as small as possible. Every officer
that you are to have and are to employ should
be where the public can see him, and know
what he is, and how much is paid to him, and
all about him, instead of paying him out of
funds the publication of whose items is very
rare and infrequent. The only increase by
this amendment of any force at all—for all
these people are employed all the time and
paid all the time—is the employment of one
person to take charge of the new library and
collection of documents of the Senate that are
all brought together, as the Senator from Ohio
knows, for our use, so that we can send up
stairs and get any document from the begin-
ning on a moment's notice. That room has
been fitted up and those books put there, and
somebody must be in charge to keep them and
supply them to us. Of course the Committee
on Appropriations did not do that; but find-
ing that it was necessary to employ somebody
to do the service there out of the Secretary's
office proper one additional clerk is provided
for. Therefore it appeared to us, inasmuch
as, aside from the exception I have named, we
make no increase of expense, but only organize
fairly and honestly the identical force we have
had for years, in a public way, and get it out
of the contingent fund, we were doing a ser-
vice rather than an injury to the economy of
the Senate. That was our motive.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I appeal to the
Senator from Vermont that here we add to our
force six permanent officers, employed by the
year at $2,200, or an increased expense of
§13,200 a year, to commence with. It is true
we strike out the appropriation for temporary
clerks; but I aemember the history of that
appropriation. That is simply to enable the
Secretary to employ temporary clerks in the
vortex of legislation at the close of the session,
when large numbers of bills have to be en-
grossed and enrolled; and yet, because you
have to employ those temporary clerks for two
or three weeks during the year, it is proposed
to add six permanent officers to be paid during
the whole year.
I know how unpleasant it is to resist a re-
quest of this kind made by our own officers;
but unless the Senate can resist such requests
made by our own officers what right have we
to say anything about unreasonable expendi-
tures made by the Executive Departments of
the Government? To say that twenty clerks
are needed to carry on the operations o!' this
legislative body, composed of seventy-three
men, is an absurdity. It is true that at times
that number of clerks are needed and perhaps
more. I suppose for the next two or three
weeks of this session the Secretary will have
to employ a good deal of temporary force ;
but it need not last over a month out of the
year. Now, shall we pay §2,200 a year each
to several gentlemen and call them clerks
merely because during a few days of this ses-
sion we have to employ them ? I do not think
we ought to do it; and I think if we shall do
it in this case we shall have no right to com-
plain of the expenditures for clerical force in
any of the Departments.
In regard to the case mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, if he says an additional
clerk is necessary to take charge of the books
that are collected in the Library I am perfectly
willing to vote that, or to provide for any other
special emergency; but it seems to me we
ought now in the outset to show an example
of resisting this kind of request made upon
us and decline to increase the permanent
clerical force in the office of our Secretary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We ought to show an
example all the time of resisting any increase
of expenditure or of force that is not abso-
lutely necessary in whatever branch of the
pubito service it may be, whether it is to
enlarge a canal ia the State of Ohio, o? to
increase a canal force in the State of Mich-
igan, or to improve a harbor at Burlington,
Vermont, or whatever it may be. We ought
to do nothing that is not rigorously and abso-
lutely necessary. But if the Senator from
Ohio had taken the pains to acquire informa-
tion of the facts in this case he would have
found that instead of providing for the em-
ployment of people for a month or two who
are called temporary clerks, and who are paid
hap-hazard out of the general fund of the
Senate, for years this full body, and more too
in number, has been employed and has been
kept at work the whole year round, with the
exception that is made in all the Departments
of the usual leave of absence. I have not
worked in the Secretary's office, and am not
able to say whether these clerks and employes
absolutely do the work that a less number
could do. I only believe what they all say;
and I have found in attempting to administer
the contingent fund one year (a duty from
which I very gladly escaped then) that it is
much better to have every dollar of money
that we spend, that it is possible to spend in
that way, spent in a regular and public man-
ner, under a regular appropriation, than to
pay it out of any contingent fund. My friend
will agree with me about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask the Senator
from Vermont a question. Does he say that
under the head of temporary clerks, in times
past, theSecretary of the Senate has employed
clerks during the whole year round ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I assert that he
says so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that is simply an
abuse of power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tha Secretary says ex-
actly the reverse: that it has been found neces-
sary to employ these people all the time to
keep up the business that the Senator from
Ohio, and the Senator from Vermont, and all
the rest of us push into bis office, to carry
on ; that he has nearly.three thousand Honsa
bills and resolutions, and he has now over a
thousand Senate bills of this very Congress,
besides the accumulations of all the files be-
fore. He asserts, therefore, that he has no
drones in that hive. I cannot undertake to
say that he does not tell a falsehood, because
I cannot stay there all the time to watch him.
I only say that we are not expending any more
money by stating openly and publicly that the
persons whom we employ there all the time,
under what is prima facie a misstatement of
being " temporary clerks," shall be put in the
regular position of responsible and authorized
clerks, it they are necessary, and shall be paid
accordingly, instead of leaving it to the con-
tingencies and uncertainties of the contingent
fund to pay them. That is all there is in the
question. It is for the Senate to choose
whether they would rather do it in this way or
the other.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire of the acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
if they have reduced the appropriations for or
the number of clerks of committees of the
Senate ?
Mr. COLE. Not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. There are about six commit-
tees of the Senate that have no business to do.
They and the offices of their clerks are sine-
cures. I commend to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations that he abolish
about six clerkships of committees that have
nothing to do ; and if it be necessary that there
should be more clerical force in the office of
the Secretary of the Senate, let him transfer
the clerks from these committees who have
nothing to do to the Secretary's office of the
Senate.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Kentucky
will allow me to say that that is a matter with
which the Committee on Appropriations has
nothing to do any more than uie Senator him-
self or any member of the body, Those clerks
