1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
again and again that idea was contained in his
speech. 1 confess I was astonished at it. It
was the first intimation I had that the Presi-
dent was on trial, and 1 was astonished to hear
it from a gentleman of so much ability and
acuteness as the Senator from New York. I
had never considered this resolution or the
circumstances connected with the rejection of
the treaty as putting the President upon trial.
I had never looked upon this question as in
any way putting the President upon trial; and
I do not now so consider it unless his friends
say that this is necessary for his vindication.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
allow me a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not isolate the
President in the remarks to which he refers.
I spoke of those who had been engaged in the
negotiation, the President of course being
responsible for it. And now I ask that honor-
able Senator whether it be true or false that
the treaty of negotiation, the idea of the annex-
ation of San Domingo, has been by various
persons, no matter who, complicated, entwined,
obfuscated with a cloud of imputations and
suspicions? Is that true oris it false? If it
be true, then I repeat what I said before, that
it strikes me as strange that a resolution of
inquiry should encounter chiefly the opposition
of those who have been conspicuous in this
work of groundless defamation.
Mr. THURMAN. That remark certainly
cannot apply to me.
Mr. CONKLING. By no means. I do not
mean to apply it, to the Senator. On the con-
trary, I believe that there is not now and has
not been for live years in this Chamber a Dem-
ocratic member of this body who could have
been induced to utter the words which have
been uttered in the hearing of the Senate to-day.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I shall
not enter into any comparison between Demo-
crats and other members. Undoubtedly the
impression made by the remarks of the Senator
from New York was that accusations had been
made against the President of the United States,
and that justice to the President required this
investigation by this commission, and, if I am
not mistaken, the Senator will see upon look-
ing at his own remarks that he claimed thattho
President should at least have the privilege that
the poorest culprit in the land has, of vindi-
cating himself.
But, sir, 1 beg the Senate not to lose sight
of the last remark with which the Senator
concluded his speech before I rose, and that
was that ite wanted this refusal to adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware to
liavepeculiar significance ; the significance that
should be attached to t.bis day's proceedings.
After having said in effect that this commission
should be constituted in order to got the facts
that would vindicate the President, he now
throws out the idea that we shall whitewash
the President in advance. That is it. There
is no help for it. He wants the significance
of this day's proceedings to be that this Sen-
ate whitewashes the President and holds him
up as clear and pure as the icicle that hung
from Diana's temple.
Now, sir, I do not think this resolution has
anything to do with crimination or recrimina-
tion of the President. I do not think that the
President is on trial at all in this resolution.
I do not think there are any accusations here
against the President. I know of nothing here
that would justify anybody in saying that the
President is put on trial. If the Republican
party iu the Senate, if the friends of the Pres-
ident, choose to say to the country that the
President is on trial, that the head of the Re-
publican party, as lie has been called—although
I thought the President of the United States
was the head of the nation and not the head of
aparty—if the friends of the President choose
to announce to the American people that the
President of the United States is on trial at
the instance of his friends, on the motion of
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 1Y.
the sagacious and able Senator from Indiana,
1 am sure that the ten Democrats here will not
object in the least, although I must enter my
protest, as a gentleman, that there is no found-
ation for the charge. As a gentleman, and hav-
ing some little kind of regard fora native-born
citizen of Ohio, I must say that there is not
much foundation for it. But if the sixty-one
Republican Senators here will say and insist
upon it that the President of the United States
is on trial, and that it is necessary to have this
commission in order to vindicate him, then, I
submit to the logic of my friend from New
York, you ought not to begin by acquitting
him before you hear the evidence.
Now, sir, the precedents cited by my col-
league have no application whatever to this
case. This is a very anomalous kind of com-
mission. It is not a commission to negotiate
a treaty with a tribe of Indians. It is a com-
mission to make inquiries. Where 1 Iu a for-
eign country; inquiries not one of which can be
made except with the assent of the Government
of that country. You have to accredit these
commissioners to that foreign country in order
to obtain its leave to make the inquiries. With
what right can three private gentlemen go into
Dominica and inquire about its public debt,
look iuto its archives, lake a census of its peo-
ple, and take a vote, or what is equivalent to a
vote, of its people as to whether they are for or
against annexation to the United States,without
the consent, of that Government? What would
wosay to aEuropcan Power thatshouldappoint
commissioners to come to the United States to
make such an investigation as is provided for
by this resolution, and to take a census of the
American people whether we are in favor of
annexation to France or to the North German
Confederation? We would say to those gen-
tlemen, "Leave our shores, and leave them
quickly."
Here are commissioners, then, to beacered-
il.ed to a foreign Governmentto make inquiries
the most vital into the condition of that inde-
pendent Government, and to make them pub-
licly to the world. They cannot do that with-
out the consent of that Government. They are
no mere commissioners to make inquiries here
within the Republic of the United States, where
our authority is supreme. They are no mere
commissioners to make a treaty with a tribe of
wild Indians. Their character is diplomatic.
Their character is that of negotiators, to a cer-
tain extent, with a foreign country ; for among
the other things that they are to ascertain
is to find out upon what terms the people of
Dominica and the Dominican Government are
willing to be annexed to the Government of
the United States.
If the President cannot appoint a foreign
minister of the lowest grade to make the most
insignificant treaty in the world without the
advice and consent of the Senate, if he cannot
send a minister or a charge d'affaires to the
rajah of Borneo without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate of the United States, if he
cannot appoint a minister to one of the little
South American republics, Nicaragua or the
like, without the advice and consent of the
Senate of the United States, where they have
nothing to do, will you say that he shall ap-
point, without the advice and consent of the
Senate, three commissionersto inaugurate this
question of the annexation of Dominica to this
Government? a step which once taken no man
can tell where it will end, fori beg my friends
to reniember, c'est le premier pas quicoAte;
and I beg them to remember also that facilis
descensus Averni.
I tell you, sir, this is the greatest subject
that has been before the American people since
the Constitution was formed. The annexation
of Louisiana was a necessity. It was a terri-
tory on this continent. Louisiana cut our great
river, the Mississippi; it embraced the whole
of the Missouri river; it was a contiguous
territory ; it was a question of absolute neces-
sity, of life and death, to the American people
that Louisiana should be annexed. In the
same way Florida and Texas were annexed.
They were part of this continent. It was a
matter of great importance that they should be
annexed. There was no departure from our
policy, no departure from the precedents of
the country in that; but now you propose to
go beyond the sea ; you begin a wholly new
policy ; you inaugurate a step that you have
never before taken. You have annexed large
portions of this continent, and wisely done so ;
but you do not own an island in the world
except a few that pertain to the continent,
which we already own.
Mr. POMEROY. There are the Aleutian
Islands.
Mr. THURMAN. They belong to the con-
tinent; they are simply appendages of it.
Mr. POMEROY. We bought them with
Alaska.
Mr. THURMAN. I know you did; but
they are merely dependencies of the continent.
They pass under public law as belonging to
the continent, where there is no advex-se occu-
pation. By the law of publicists they belong
to the continent where there is no adverse oc-
cupation. Now you propose an entirely now
policy, a policy of unlimited colonial acquisi-
tion, and when it is proposed to appoint three
commissioners to lay the groundwork for that
policy, a thing that transcends beyond imagina-
tion all the precedents fhat have been set here,
you say that the Senate shall have no voice ill
choosing the commissioners. If you appoint,
a minister to the Sandwich Islands to negotiate
a treaty about cocoa-nuts and bananas, you
would requiro the advice and consent of the
Senate; you would be obliged to have it.
Mr. CONKLING, (in his seat.) Wewould
refer that to the Committee on Foreign Rela- 1
tions.
Mr. THURMAN. So you would. Now,
gentlemen, the Committee ou Foreign Rela-
tions was constituted by the Republican mem-
bers of the Senate. The Democrats had noth-
ing to do with it. There was a time in the
Senate when the majority decided how many
members they should have on a committee and
how many the minority should have, and then
they left the minority to choose their own
members on the committees. That was when
the Democrats were in the ascendency here.
Then they said how many members of each
committee should belong to the Democratic
party, of course a majority, and how many
should belong to the Opposition; and they left
the Opposition to choose their own members.
You do not do that. You are not so magnani-
mous. You choose the Democrats yourselves.
I have no reason to complain; you have hon-
ored me far more than I deserved; but you
have placed some Democrats not exactly where
the Democrats would have placed them.
Mr. CONKLING. May I tell my honorable
friend how that happened?
Mr. THURMAN. I believe it happened
during the war, whenyou considered that every
Democrat was a rebel.
Mr. CONKLING. It happened when so
many Democratic Senators went out with
secession that there were not enough left to
exercise their rights in that respect.
Mr. THURMAN. That answer will not do
at all. There were more Democrats here then,
after secession, than there are now.
Mr. CONKLING. Not more after they had
seceded.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir,, more than there
are now. But, if there were not, that does not
make any difference. You might at least have
left us to arrange among ourselves as to what
committees our members should be upon. But
that is not the point. You made your Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. If you choose to
disgrace it, gentlemen, it is your own house-
hold affair. I do not think, however, that it
is exactly gracious for the father to abuse his
own child.
Mr. President, I find I am talking a great
