1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
commerce that is more desirable than this. I
am confident that the people of the United
States will desire to have the mails from Europe
transported across the United States to Aus-
tralia; and if they are so transported, the
amount received as compensation for their
transportation will very soon reimburse the
Government for the amount of this subsidy.
This is not a large subsidy. It is only
$300,000 per annum, comparatively a small
amount to be paid to a line of steamships to
be of the first class, not less than two thou-
sand tons burden, for a period of twelve or
thirteen years.
This amendment is entirely legitimate on
this bill, because it is the mere extension of
mail service, if that is not legitimate, I ask,
are we to abandon this policy altogether? Are
we to surrender the commerce of both oceans
into the hands of Great Britain or European
countries? Everybody knows that they sub-
sidize steamships, and tliat in that way they
have succeeded in obtaining the control of the
commerce of the Atlantic ocean ; that they are
now seeking-to obtain the commerce of the
Pacific ocean; and their policy will inevitably
obtain that commerce unless we adopt a simi-
lar policy. But, sir, we seem to be penny-wise
and pound-foolish on this subject. We are
not. willing to advance a dollar ; we are not
willing to assist in any way, shape, or manner
in these commercial enterprises; but allow our
citizens to compete in the best way they can
with ships that are subsidized by the Govern-
ment of other countries.
I do not propose to extend my remarks on
this subject. Everybody can readily see the
great necessity of some action on the part of
Congress in reference to this matter. I hope
the Senate will give the subject some attention ;
that it will not suffice to have everything re-
jected by simply calling it subsidy. I hope
the Senate will look into it and determine
whether or not it is true economy at this
time to assist in the establishment of this line
of steamers. If it be so, then let this propo-
sition be incorporated in this bill. It is cer-
tainly get mane to the bill; it certainly relates
to the post office business of the country; and
there can be no objection to it, unless Con-
gress has determined at all hazards and under
all circumstances to reject every proposition
of this nature.
Now, sir, is there not as much real merit
in this proposition as there was in the bill that
was passed the other day? I think it was
then stated that nearly all the commerce now
between Mexico and the United States was
provided for by vessels and ships of various
kinds and descriptions. But here there is no
provision at this time; or, if any is made,
it is to a very inconsiderable extent. Now
the mails are transported from San Pranciseo
to the Sandwich Islands by means of a steam-
ship service that receives $75,000 per annum
from (he Government. Connecting with that
line of steamships is another that is receiving
a small subsidy from the Australian colonies;
but that subsidy is about to expire, and the
Australian colonies are now waitingthe action
of Congress in reference to this matter. If
any encouragement is held out by the people
of the United States in the way indicated by
this amendment, then they are ready to make
arrangements by which the commerce of that
country shall be conducted with the people of
the United States, by which the mails of Aus-
tralia and New Zealand shall be transported
across the United States to Great Britain. But
if we refuse to take any action they will be
compelled to make arrangements with another
line of steamships, by which the business and
the mail service will all be diverted from the
United States in another and different direc-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
from Oregon a question ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from
Oregon whether he ia not willing, whether he
ought not to be willing, to take a little from
the subsidies we give to steamship companies
and railway companies for inlaud transporta-
tion, out of which they grow rich and fat beyond
all precedent, and give it to some external
enterprise of this character?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should be very willing,
of course, to reduce the expenses of the land
service as much as'practicable; but I am not
quite certain that the Senator from Vermont
is correct in saying that the appropriations for
the land service are so very excessive as he
supposes them to be.
But, sir, that has very little to do with the ques-
tion now before the Senate. I say it is simply
a question whetherthe United States will make
an arrangement with Australia, New Zealand,
and the islands of Polynesia that are growing
rich and populous and powerful, and are to
become a great commercial power, whether
the United States will take any step at all at
this time in the direction of securing commerce
with those countries, or whether the United
States will say to thos% people now, while they
are inviting us into this arrangement, while
they are waiting to make and delaying their
arrangements to enable us to act, " We will,
have nothing to do with you ; you may take
your commerce, you may take your mail ser-
vice and give them to European companies.
We abandon all commercial intercourse and
connection with your country."
That is the simple question before the Sen-
ate, and it seems to me it is a question that
needs little or no discussion. Certainly we are
anxious to secure the trade with China and
Japan, and this trade with Australia and New
Zealand is quite as desirable; and if we will be
a little liberal, not lavish at all, but a little lib-
eral, we may as well as not draw to our Pacific
railroads the entire busiaes that will be trans-
acted upon the Pacific ocean, the business
from Australia and New Zealand, the business
from China and Japan. That may all be con-
centrated and brought to our railroads, and so
their business be immensely increased, the
various kinds of business in the country con-
nected with those railroads be increased, the
revenue of the roads increased, and in every
way the country benefited and improved.
These countries will furnish a market for
many things that we produce, for manufactured
articles of various descriptions. I ask why
may not the $180,000,000 worth of manufac-
tured articles now imported into Australia be
imported from the United States? They would
be if there was sufficient communication be-
tween these countries to enable the importa-
tions to be made. Here is a vast trade rapidly
growing up, here is an opportunity to seize
that trade and bring it to the United States
by the expenditure of the small amount of
$300,000 per annum ; and yet we refuse to do
it. We say we will not have any commercial
intercourse or connection with those coun-
tries. Is that wise? Is that a proper policy to
be pursued? Are we desirous to build up -and
extend our commerce, or are we determined,
at all hazards and under all circumstances, to
take that course that will sweep our commerce
from every ocean and put the traffic and trade
of the worid into the hands of other nations?
This is the policy that some gentlemen pro-
pose to pursue; but it seems to me to be an
unwise and fatal policy. Now, sir, while these
people are waiting, before they have entered
into arrangements with other steamship lines,
before they have engaged to subsidize other
lines, while they are inviting us to act, is the
golden opportunity for Congress to step in and
secure this prize. If Congress allows it now
to pass, if this session goes by without any pro-
vision of this kind, the people of that country
will understand that the people of the United
States do not desire any commercial relations
with them, and will, of course, make other and
different arrangements with lines of European
steamers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the
Senator desire an answer why we cannot have
that $180,000,000 of commerce ? He puts the
question very strongly that we could easily
have that $180,000,000 of commerce, and asks
why we cannot have it. It is simply for the
reason that we cannot manufacture so cheaply
as they can in England. We do sell the peo-
ple of Australia a few hoes and shovels and
sewing machines; and if we had ever so many
steamships we could not probably sell them
anything more than we now do, because they
c^n get the things cheaper from other places.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That answer is not at
all satisfactQry. I understand that the argu-
ment amounts to this: that it is not desirable
to establish commercial intercourse between
this country and Japan or China or Australia,
or any other country, that we should do noth-
ing to facilitate the establishment of com-
merce with those countries, because manu-
factured articles can be imported into those
countries cheaper from Europe-than from the
United States.
Sir, that does not necessarily follow. It may
be true of some things, and it may be of many
other things, that the people of the United
States, if they had the necessary facilities,
could furnish the people of Australiaas cheaply
and as fully as do now the people of England
or any other part of Europe. To assume that
position is simply to cut off our commercial
intercourse and relations with all the other
countries of the world. Put these ships upon
this line, and a trade will necessarily grow up.
It will be like the construction of a railroad.
We often hear it said, what are you going to
do with a railroad running from some State
into the far West, where there is no population,
no business? Every man's experience shows
that the construction of a railroad under such
circumstances creates business ; and very soon
these railroads that are run into what appears
to be the wilderness become paying and profit-
able enterprises, because they necessarily cre-
ate business. And so when you establish a line
of steamers like the one proposed between this
and another country containing two or three
millions of intelligent, industrious, active, and
enterprising people, you will necessarily have
a commerce.
But independent of all the advantages grow-
ing out of commerce, look at the immense
amount of mail that is now transported across
from Europe to Australia by way of the United
States. I traveled across the continent last fall
with a gentleman who lives in Australia, and I
was assured by him that if there was a line of
passenger steamers established between San
Francisco and Australia the travel between
the Australian colonies and Europe would be
across the American continent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
Senator from Oregon takes his seat I desire
to put another question to him. He says that
Australia imports $180,000,000 of manufac-
tured articles. That is about two thirds as
much as the forty million people in the United
States annually import. I desire his authority
for any such statement.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have a number of docu-
ments that have been furnished to me. I have
a statement made by the chamber of com-
merce of the city of San Francisco, which pur-
ports to contain a statement of imports and
exports furnished from Australia and New
Zealand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will see that $180,000,000 of manufactured
articles to be consumed by two and a half mil-
lion people is utterly incredible.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I take the statement as
it is furnished to me. I do not regard it as
utterly incredible, because a very large pro-
portion of those people are engaged in the
production of gold and pursuits of a like na-
ture, and very much, therefore, of what they
consume must necessarily be imported from
foreign countries.
