1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt hirji for one moment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to say to
him that I know this question of subsidies,
whenever it is considered by the Senate, will
be very largely discussed. 1 think I can name
myself no less than six or seven Senators who
have prepared their views on that subject, and
desire to be heard at length upon it. We have
only five days, after to-day, of this- session ;
this day week will be the 4th of March; and
I submit to my friend whether he can expect
that this great question of subsidizing mail
steamers can be concluded at this session. If
not, is not every moment occupied with it just
that much time lost ? I assure him that no
subsidy bill can pass without the most thor-
ough discussion. I know whereof I speak.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume that is so ; at
any rate, I take it to be so, if the gentleman
so states, that these propositions are to be
thoroughly discussed. But there is a propo-
sition upon this bill reported by the Committee
on Appropriations to extend an existing sub-
sidy to the extent of $500,000, and this seems
to me to be an appropriate amendment. It is
not exactly subsidizing a new line of steamers,
but it is adding to a subsidy already given to
a line of steamers and extending the service ;
so that it is uot a new proposition altogether,
but it is a proposition simply to extend an ex-
isting service. It is a question for the Senate
to decide whether or not it will be of advantage
to the United States to extend to Australia and
New Zealand the Service which now exists to
the Sandwich Islands, with an additional com-
pensation of $300,000 per annum. That is the
question before the Senate. I do not thiuk
that proposition ought to be withdrawn or re-
jected upou the ground that it needs elaborate
discussion. I do not know exactly what posi-
tion Senators intend to take. Do they wish
to make proclamation to all the commercial
nations who are competing with us for the con-
trol of the commerce of the world that under
no circumstances whatever will the Congress
of the United States subsidize a line of steam-
ships ? Take notice, Great Britain and Prance,
and all the commercial nations of the world,
that now you can go forward and take the con-
trol of the commerce of every ocean, for the
people of the United States have determined
that they will not assist by the contribution of
a single dollar to the establishment of any line
of steamships ! Sir, whenever the people of
the United States take that position they sur-
render the commerce of every ocean to the
other nations of the world. It is equivalent to
an abandonment altogether of any commercial
power or influence or consequence for this
nation.
It is possible that propositions may be made
to subsidize certain lines of steamers where
there are great and numerons objections to it,
where the trade maybe conducted at this time
by sailing vessels, where it is an old trade that
has been established for many years: but this
is another and a different proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator permit
me to make a remark right here?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do desire to serve a
notification upon the whole world and all the
rest of mankind that those old wooden hulks
belonging to the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany shall never receive one dollar of subsidy
so long as my vote will prevent them from
receiving it.
Mr. NYE. Let me correct the honorable
Senator's statement. He is so wild on this
subject that he lias forgotten the line he is
talking about. He said the Pacific mail steam-
ship line.
Mr. CHANDLER. Those are the boats
intended to be put on this service.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. These are new boats,
not at all connected with the Pacific mail
steamship line.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do hot
propose to go into that subject at this time. I
know nothing about the "old wooden hulks
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company."
But, sir, if this amendmehtshould be adopted,
there are three ships, one called the Nevada,
another the Nebraska, arid the other the Da-
kota, first-class passenger ships, of over two
thousand tons burden, that are now ready to
be put upon this service;.and I hold in my
hand three certificates of the survey of those
steamships which pronounce them A No. 1
with a star, which is equivalent to saying that
they are vessels of extraordinary excellence,
instead of being old wooden hulks, as the Sen-
ator represents. These ships are ready at this
time to be put into the service. As I am ad-
vised, and as the documents in my possession
show; they are as good ships as were ever put
afloat; and therefore there is no objection to
this proposition upon that ground. These
ships are ready; they can be put upon this ser-
vice at once; they are adequate to the trade
and the business. It seems to me that this is
a consideration which ought to have some
weight with the Senate. This is not a proposi-
tion to have Congress contribute to the con-
struction of ships Or anything of that kind ; it
is simply so much Subsidy to a service, the
ships for which are ready, to be put upon the
line just as soon as the arrangement is made.
When Congress adopts this proposition, then
the postmaster general of New Zealand is
here authorized to enter into an arrangement;
arrangements can also be made at once with
Australia, and the whole business at once con-
cluded. All the sympathies and all the inter-
ests of the people of those countries can be
turned in this direction, and we shall in that
way obtain the control of that very great
commerce.
Of course, I have to take the statements that
are put before me in printed documents ; but
I observe that the document which I now hold
in my hand shows that the imports into New
South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South
Australia, West Australia, Tasmania, and New
Zealand amount to $180,205,427, and the ex-
ports amount to $175,834,571 ; and a note is
added that the number of passengers arriving
from England from 1848 to 1868 was 856,019,
showing to some extent the amount of travel
between England and those countries by the
facilities which European steamships have here-
tofore furnished.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But if the
Senator from Oregon will permit me, that
statement includes the entire imports of raw
material, and not of manufactured articles ex-
clusively, as lie asserted when he first spoke
on the subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is rather a small
distinction to make. I have seen a statement
of the different articles making up these im-
ports, and all, or nearly all, are manufactured
articles of some nature or description. They
import but very little raw material into that
country.
This statement shows the amount of this
trade. It shows that there is some object to
be sought for in the establishment of this line
of steamers; and considering the immense
amount of travel that would occur across the
United States, the immense amount of travel
that it would bring to our railroads, the im-
mense amount of transportation across the
United States upon our railroads, and the
necessity for increasing the business of those
railroads, to say nothing about the increase
of business in a thousand different ways, it
seems to me it would be true economy for the
Government to contribute this small amount.
I have been furnished from the post office at
San Francisco with a statement of the amount
of mail matter passing through that office for
Australia, with the present poor and insufficient
accommodations for the transportation of the
mails. "For five months, from July 30, 1870,
to December, Australian colonies and Sand-
wich Islands and the United States 94 bags of"
letters, 20 bags of printed matter. To and from
England, by way of New York and Sail Fran-
cisco, 462 bags of leiters, 1087 bags of printed
matter." This statement is compiled at the
San Francisco post office, showing, with this
very insufficient line of steamers now estab-
lished, the contract with which is about to ex-
pire, the immense amount of mail matter that
is now transported across the United States.
If these steamships were put upon the line
between San Francisco and Australia, with our
railroad facilities and the steamship facilities
on the Atlantic, all the mail matter for these
three or four million people in Australia and
the adjacent islands would be conveyed and
very much of the business of every nature
and description which those countries trans-
act with Europe would be transacted across
the United States. Is not that a desiuable
object?
Mr. President, it is certain, as I am advised
and believe, that unless something of this kind
is done we shall lose all this business, wesh$ill
lose our commerce with these countries, and
arrangements will be made with steamship com-
panies in Europe, subsidized by Governments
there, by which this commerce, this travel,
and all this business will be carried away from
this country.
Mr. FLANAGAN. The argument in behalf
of this proposition is an able one; as able
perhaps, as could be delivered 
Ml-. HAB,RIS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Texas to give way to allow me
to submit a motion to lay this amendment on
the table.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
will not give way for that purpose. This ques-
tion has got to be discussed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Texas
yield to the Senator from Louisiana?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have no objection to
yielding for that motion.
Mr. NYE- I hope that will no^e-done.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. *he motion
is pot debatable.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Louis-
iana will not make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas being entitled to the floor, yields to the
Senator from Louisiana, who moves that the
pending amendment be laid on the table.
[" Oh, no!"] Does the Senator insist on the
motion?
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Does the Senator from
Michigan wish to renew the motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; but I desire
to make a little statement before doing it.
Mr. NYE. I object to a statement being
made and then repeating the motion. That
would be entirely unfair. I propose to be
heard myself on this question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I ask the Senator
from Texas to give way and I will reDew the
motion to lay upon the table. We have listened
to one speech in favor of this proposition.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator to withdraw
that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a speech to make
myself on the subject; but let us take the
sense of the Senate in this way.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. CHANDLER. I makethisas a test mo-
tion. We have listened to the speech of the
honorable Senator who proposes the amend-
ment. I have a speech myself which I wish
