1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1085
the purpose of obtaining the petty offices about
the Senate. It is from no desire to reflect on
the Committee on Contingent Expenses that
the proposition was made to strike out this
provision in the bill. This, however, is anew
provision, not an old one. The law previous
to last year was to leave this matter of the
appointment of the various employes of the
Senate in the hands of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
subject to the approval of the Vice President.
If this clause is left out the matter remains
precisely as it was until last year when this
provision was put in the appropriation bill.
1 am not aware that the Committeeon Con-
tingent Expenses have interfered in any man-
ner so as to prevent the proper discipline in
the corps of euiplo)6s about the Senate; nor
from lite character of the gentlemen who com-
pose that committee could it be anticipated
that they would do any such thing. I do not
anticipate that any committee who shall be
appointed to control this matter by the Senate
would interfere in any improper manner what-
ever. But suppose iii a vacation of the Senate
one of these employes says to the Sergeant-at-
Arms, ''I do not care for you; you cannot
remove roe without an order from the Commit-
tee on Contingent Expenses, and they have all
gone to their homes;  hey are scattered all
overthe country and it will be some time before
you can get their order;" it introduces an ele-
ment into the service which it is desirable to
avoid, and which would be avoided if the
authority and responsibility were placed in the
hands of one man, who, if he is not a fit per-
son in whom to place such a responsibility, is
not a fit person to be Sergeant-at-Arms.
There is no more reason for putting this
limitation upon his power in regard to these
euiplo)6s tljsin in regard to other employes
with the appointment of whom he is charged,
and no more reason for limiting his power in
this particular than lor limiting the power of
the head of any Department of the Govern-
ment in appointing his subordinates. Neither
is there, in my opinion, any better reason for
giving the control to this particular commit-
tee than for giving it to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, or any other com-
mittee. If your Sergeant-at-Arms and your
Secretary of the Senate are not competent
persons to select the men v/ho are to serve
under them, let us change the heads of those
branches of the service; but do not let U3
express a want of confidence not only in this
officer, who has hitherto appointed all these
people, nor in the officer under whose super-
vision prior to the passage of the law of last
year he has been in this regard, and that is
the Vice President.
Mr. DAVIS. I have been upon the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses of the Senate
two or three yeius, and in that time T never
asked the Sergeant-al.-Arms to appoint any-
body to office and I never forbade him to dis-
place anybody from office. I never interfered
with bis nianner of discharging bis duties at
alt. I never have asked for any office within
the gift of any authority in the Senate, and I
never intend to do it.
But, Mr. President, sundry poor women have
come to me, and have told me that they had
applied to the Sergeant-at-Arms to put their
children into places under him, and that he
had said ho had plenty of places for the em-
ployment of their sons, but they must go to
the members of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses and get their permission that he
should thus appoint them. I have always
refused to give my assent to any such requests,
and I intend to do it. Two or three little
bojs have come to me during this session and
have told me that the Sergeant at-Arms had
coaxed and threatened them into a resigna-
tion of their places, to take effect at a particu-
lar day, for the purpose of appointing their
successors, and they have made complaint to
me on that head, i said nothing to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms about it, but that he and every-
1!
body else who is "clothed with a little brief
authority" abuses it I have no donbt.
Now, Mr. President, there is one thing that
I do protest against. When the Committee
on Contingent Expenses have decided what
number of sub-officers the Senate shall have,
and they have been filled by the Sergeant-at-
Arms by his own will, I protest agaiust his
putting importunate women upon me, as a
member of that committee, with the inform-
ation that he has plenty of places for their
sons to be employed if myself and the other
members of the committee will consent; and
I furthermore protest against the Sergeant-at-
Arms abusing his authority by inveigling an
orphan boy eight or ten years of age who hap-
pens to hold the place of page or messenger
in the service of the Senate into a resignation
to take effect at a particular day, with a view to
supersede him with some favorite of his own.
Mr. President, I do not want the office of
committee-man. There is no committee that
is organized by this Senate, and there is no
chairmanship of a committee organized by
this Senate that I would consider it as an
honor to accept, or that I have the least desire
to accept. I would greatly prefer to be exempt
from service on all committees and to have
perfect command of my time ; but the Senator
from Vermont, and the Senator from New
Hampshire, who was a year or two ago chair-
man of this Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses, know how vexatious and troublesome
the discharge of the duties of committee-man
upon that committee is. I would be very glad
to be relieved from them. But while 1 am on
that committee I will not see a man who is
temporarily the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate, and who has an accidental power over
orphan children and boys, abuse his power
without protesting against it aud preventing
it if I can.
Mr. CRAGIN. I had intended not to say
a word on this subject; but I think I can give
to the Senator from Kentucky an explanation
in relation to this matter of resignations which
will commend itself to his mind. Here, for
instance, are two pages to be appointed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms. Ten boys of eqnal merit
and of equal destitution apply for these posi-
tions. The Sergeant-at-Arms can appoint but
two. There are four of them perhaps who are
very meritorious; their mothers are widows,
and they are very poor; and the Sergeaut-at-
Arms says in his own mind, -1I will in my
charity, in my feeling for these people, give
two of these boys a chance for two or three
months, and then to two more a chance for
two or three months afterward." I ask you,
is not that charitable, is not that just? He
cannot«take care of all of them; but he ean
take care of two for a short time: and then,
when they receive their appointments and sub-
sequently give in their resignation, he takes
care of twd more who are just as destitute.
It is not because he has any favorite to appoint,
in my judgment.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
answer me if the rale adopted by the Sergeant-
at-Arms is uniform and just in that respect?
Does he make every page submit to that rule'?
If he does I have no complaint to make of it.
But to make a portion of them submit to that
rule, and to exempt others from it, I condemn.
I have no disposition to supervise his_ action.
I do not care anything about his action nor
his patronage, nor to whom he gives it. All
I want is not to be annoyed about the matter
myself.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am speaking without pos-
itive knowledge on this subject. This matter
of resignations is brought to my attention for
the first time ; but I venture the assertion that
the explanation I have given is the true explan-
ation in the case.
Now, in relation to being upon this Commit-
tee on Contingent Expenses, it is a most em-
barrassing position. The members of that
committee have to endure importunities; poor
women and poor children come begging for
employment by which they may get bread,
That the Sergeant-at-Arms always sends them
to the committee I do not believe. Many of
them come to the committee with lies in thfeir
mouths. They come and tell theth what the
Sergeant-at-Arms has never said. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms tells them frequently that ho
has no place for them, biit if the Committee
on Contingent Expenses will aothdrize more
places,- more to be done, mote men to be em-
ployed, then perhaps he can do something tor
them ; but that he tells them there are plenty
of places for them, if the committee will only
consent that they be put oh, I do not believe.
Mr. SAWYER. I have but one word more
to say about this matter, and that is to explain
what my friend from Kentucky has said about
resignations. I happen to know of two case3
of this character, where two boys who had
been pages here for three years desired to be
reappointed, and it was finally agreed that they
should be reappointed if they would resign
after a certain term of service in favor of two
other boys who had not been here at all, and
who were poor boys. I suppose my friend
from Kentucky is inured to the representations
which applicants for office are in the habit of
making with regard to other persons who are
alleged to be ready to give their support in
ease they can get the support of the person
applied to. It is one of the most common
things for a man to come to me and say, " If
you will only give me your support for this
place somebody else is ready to give the place.''
We all know what that means. In those cakes
the "wish is father to the thought." I have
no idea that the Sergeant-at-Arms, although
'•clothed with a little brief authority," has
exercised that authority in any other way than
an entirely proper way. And since the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, who is a member cf the
Committee on Contingent Expenses, and is
one of the only two members of the commit-
tee present, desires to be relieved from the
responsibilities and annoyances which atteftd
the exercise of this supervisory power, I think
it better for us to 'put it back where it was
before, and let it remain with the Vice Presi-
dent.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Harlan*
in the chair) put the questiou on the amend-
ment, and declared that the ayes appeared to
have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division.
Mr. CONKLIi\G. I wish the Chair would
state the question. I do not think it is under-
stood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER; The Secre-
tary will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The clause as it now
stands reads:
Twenty messengers, to be appointed and removed
by tho Sergeant-at^Arnis. with the approval of the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expensed of the Senate.
The amendment of the Committee oil Ap-
propriations is to strikeout the words " to be
appointed and removed by the Sergeant-at-
Arms, with the approval of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate."
The question being again put, a division was
called tor ; and the ayes were seventeen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is less than half a
quorum.
Mr. POMEROY. Let ns get through *ith
the bill in committee, and then this question
can be tried again in the Senate.
M r. S A W YKR. I desire to say that I ough t
not to have voted, as I was paired upon this
subject with the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmuxbs] who has left the Chamber.
ThePRBSIDlNGOFFlCER. If no farther
count is demanded the Chair will decide that
the amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I understood the Senator
from Illinois to give it up.
