1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
and if upon any measure I differ from him it
is with very great regret. I do differ with him
in regard to the propriety of taking any steps
toward bringing this foreign territory into this
Union of States as a separate and independ-
ent State. It is because I believe such a union
would be introducing an element of discord;
it would be like inoculating this nation with a
poison which should send its influence through
every section of this country; and therefore
I feel it a duty to give my vote at any step in
these proceedings in such a manner as shall
have any tendency to prevent such an evil.
But while I say this, and while I pursue this
course, if the President shall carry his meas-
ure, I shall only regard it as some evidence at
least of the error of my own judgment, and
shall be very glad if the future will show that
I am mistaken and he is right. But until I
see that error I must act in accordance with
the convictions of my own judgment.^ There-
fore I have opposed at every step in these
proceedings any and every measure which has
tended to bring about such a union.
One word in reference to the proposed amend-
ment. Ever since the revolution in 1844, or
from 1844 to 1848, there has been a territory,
if I am rightly informed, claimed by the Domin-
ican Government, and yet never captured or
taken from the Haytiens. There are towns and
villages now occupied by the inhabitants of
Hayti which are claimed by the Dominican
Government. If this commission is to be ap-
pointed I would like to have them inquire into
the condition of that section of the country,
and to make such a report that we can act
understanding^ upon the subject, so that we
may know whether we are to have 54° 40' with
a fight or forty-nine degrees without.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
The question was put, and the Vice Presi-
dent declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but
eight Senators rising: to second the call.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to haye
the amendmentadopted, but I do not care about
a yea and nay vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is rejected.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer this amendment: after
the word "commissioners," in the fourth line,
to insert the words "neither of whom shall be
a member of Congress."
Mr. President, at this late hour, and after
tlie long discussion which we have had, I pro-
pose to say but very few words : and before I
say anything upon the amendment which I
have offered I take the occasion to say that as
it has been entirely manifest from the intro-
duction of this resolution that a commission
would be appointed to secure this information,
I have studiously avoided saying one word
upon the main question, the policy of the
annexation of San Domingo ; but have con-
tented myself with voting, when the question
of the reference of the resolution was before
the Senate, in favor of that reference, believ-
ing that to be a direct vote against annexation
with the light which I now have upon that ques-
tion. I certainly should very much have pre-
ferred that instead of moving the reference we
had proceeded to amend this resolution in such
form as to make it satisfactory to the Senate,
.and then permitted the President to have the
appointment of these commissioners, with the
single restriction which I have offered, rather
than to have sat and listened, as I have done,
certainly without any pleasure, either as a
Republican or as a legislator, to the very large
amount of personal, and, without any disre-
spect to the gentlemen who have used it, irrel-
evant matter than we have listened to in this
discussion.
Now, a word upon this amendment. 1 have
already indicated one or two views which I had
upon it in speaking of the propriety of appoint-
ing members of Congress after the intimation
dropped by the Senator from Indiana. But is
it not entirely apparent, are there not many
obvious reasons to show that members of Con-
gress ought not to be appointed upon this
commission? It is now entirely plain that this
question is to be met either by a new treaty or
in the form of a joint resolution. If it is to
be met by a new treaty Senators will have to
act upon it. It is entirely apparent that the
purpose for which the commission is asked is
to further the very anxious desire the Presi-
dent has to secure annexation, and conse-
quently the desire exists to secure a report
that will favor- annexation. Now, I am per-
fectly free to admit that if I were a member of
that commission I would have to acknowledge
to enough of human nature in my constitution
to fear that I should be influenced to make
that report in such a manner as to justify the
vote that I had given or would give upon that
question; and I doubt whether any Senator
here would not make the same admission.
Again, sir, is it right that any member of
Congress sent here to legislate should, by the
appointment of the President, which would be
almost equal under the circumstances now to
a command, leave his position and the duties
for which he was selected by his constituents
and sent here, either in this House or the
other, for one month or two months, for the
purpose of attending to a business for which
he was not selected and sent? I might go on,
and I think there are many reasons which will
suggest themselves to Senators why this amend-
ment should be adopted, but I do not propose
to prolong the discission. If no one else
wishes to speak upon it I shall content myself
with asking for the yeas and nays. If any one
else wishes to speak upon it, of course I do not
wish to have a vote now.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 had hoped that a vote
might be taken without my saying a word on
this subject, and I should be prepared to vote
now without talking if other Senators were in
that condition. But I find it to be physically
necessary for me to do something at this time
of the morning [three o'clock a. m.] in order
to keep awake. [Laughter.] That is the chief
reason I have for saying a single word. I differ,
however, with my friend, the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, in the suggestion that
he has made.
The object of this commission, as I under-
stand it, is to elicit information that may be
useful to Congress in some future legislation.
I would prefer, if this proposition is to be
amended at all, that it should be amended in
another part of the resolution; that the words
" President of the United States" should be
stricken out, and the terms "President of the
Senate and Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives" inserted; so that it would become
a congressional committee sent out by the two
branches of Congress for the purpose of gath-
ering up information that may enlighten the
bodies that are to act on the report. If the
object of raising this commission were to nego-
tiate a treaty, I think it would be entirely proper
for Congress (if prepared to indorse such a
negotiation in advance) to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint its members. But as the mover
of this resolution evidently- intends that the
information that is to be secured by the action
of the commission shall be useful to the Sen-
ate and the House of Representatires in some
future legislation which he contemplates may
become practicable and desirable, I am clearly
oftheopinionthatitshouldbecomposed entirely
of members of the two Houses.
I do not sympathize with the suggestion
made by Senators that it has become neces-
sary to vindicate the character of the President
of the United States, for if we take to be lit-
erally true every innuendo which is thrown out
in this discussion, or which has been quoted
from fugitive communications printed in the
newspapers of the country, I cannot see that
any one of them implicates the Presideut of
the United States. Take the last one to which
allusion has been made, that somebody has
surveyed a town site on Samana bay and
erected monuments at the corners of streets
bearing the names of distinguished citizens of
the United States. What of it? What does
it prove ? These inscriptions are probably the
names of streets; but if intended by these
incipient speculators to indicate that eertaia
distinguished citizens of the two republics are
interested in the property, that fact would
have but little weight on my mind. This is
a mode of advertisement well known to the
people of every new community. Such a fact
would not even tend to prove that the Presi-
dent of the United States ever knew anything
in relation to it, or had the slightest interest
in it. These founders of new cities probably-
adopted this means, may have put up the
names of distinguished men for the purpose
of aMracting attention to their town site; or
they may have intended to secure a fictitious
value by creating the false impression that
distinguished people had invested money in
these enterprises. There is nothing new in
this. We have in my own State a young and
flourishing town named for the eminent citizen
who presides over this body. Now, who ever
supposed that you, sir, ever owned the slight-
est pecuniary interest in the town of Colfax,
State of Iowa?
And if some one has erected a stake or other
monument bearing the name of the President
of the United States in this island at a point
where somebody supposed he might in future
establish a town or a village, it does not seem
to me to be a matter of sufficient gravity to
control the vote of a single member of this
body.
What other allegations have been made,
which, if taken to be true, would logically im-
ply that the President of the United States had
been guilty of malfeasance or misfeasance in
office, or which would be discreditable to him
as a citizen or as an officer? I have not heard
one such utterance during this debate. Hence
my vote must be controlled by other consider-
ations entirely. No fact has been alleged which,
if fairly construed, would implicate the Presi-
dent in wrong. But, as I before observed, the
purpose of the mover of this joint resolution
was doubtless to enlighten Congress on a grave
subject which may be brought before it for
legislative action, and not specially intended
to enlighten the President. 1 think the com-
mission ought to be composed entirely of Sen-
ators and members of the House. I differ,
therefore, with my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania, and cannot vote for his amendment.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I do certainly
feel that the members of either House should
be excluded from this commission. I have no
doubt that every gentleman, feels that in his
own individual ease it would be a matter of
great delicacy for him to accepta position upon
a commission of this character after having so
thoroughly identified himself with one side of
the question or the other, as we generally have
done here. I feel, therefore, that it would be
highly improper for members of Congress to
be on the commission; nor would there be that
force in the report of a commission so consti-
tuted, when it should be presented, whether fo r
or against our individual views on this subject,
which would be attached to a report where the
commission were gentlemen who had not pre-
viously expressed opinions on the subject, or
been identified intimately with the discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania has asked for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to his amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but five
Senators rising to second the call.
Mr. POMEROY. I supposed in the fore part
of the night that there was an anxiety to close
this question and go home, and on that account
I concluded to take no part whatever in the
discussion. Bat, as it seems to me now that
there is no anxiety to hurry it through, I have
