1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed that those
who did not constitute half of a quorum would
"give it up."
Mr. COLE. The difficulty in the way of
the Senator's proposition is that more than
half of the Senators present voted for the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count desired by any Senator ?
Mr. WARNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me suggest to the
Senator to take the vote again in the Senate
after we get through with the bill in committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does seem to me that
the point made by the Senator from Illinois is
not a very important one. To require a com-
mittee of this body, composed of three Sen-
ators, to sit upon all the little cases of diffi-
culty that arise among the pages is rather
small business, especially as the committee is
now constituted, the chairman, the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Terry,] being absent
and sick, leaving but two members of the
committee to act, and if they are divided, as
a matter of course it creates some feeling.
Both those Senators disclaim a desire to be
troubled with this subject. Now, why not
leave the Sergeant-at-Arms to pass upon these
nominations, subject to the approval of the
Vice President? That was the old law. The
Vice President could always control and pre-
vent any abuse of authority. If the Sergeant-
at-Arms should be guilty of any harsh treat-
ment, or abuse of authority, or oppressive con-
duct, or harsh language to these boys and other
persons employed by him, I certainly would
take from him all control over them. But the
Vice President is more likely to control him in
that particular than a committee of this body,
especially as there are but two members of
the committee present, and if they disagree the
other must also be consulted.
Mr. WARNER. It seems to me that the
appointment of a few messengers here is a very
small matter for a divided responsibility, and
I think it an onerous duty to impose upon a
committee of Senators of this body, burdened
as they are with the duties of legislation, to
pass upon the claims of various persons who
may desire to be appointed as messengers, par-
ticularly as the Senate has control of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms himself, that being an office
created by this body. I think it a very small
matter to impose upon a committee of this
body and to divide so small a responsibility
between an officer of the body and a commit-
tee of the Senate.
Mr. CRAGIN. This amendment, as I un-
derstand it, applies not to the pages, but to
the messengers at our doors and the gallery
doors. Strictly speaking they are not paid out
of the contingent fund of the Senate, but reg-
ular appropriations are made every year to pay
them. Their salaries are fixed by law, their
number is fixed by law, and to bother the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses to say who
shall be one of these messengers is to my
mind very absurd. These messengers continue
through the year, when Congress is not in ses-
sion as well as when it is in session. The pages
are employed temporarily during the session,
and also the laborers and others who are paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate proper;
but these are permanent officers of the Senate,
practically.
executive session.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Porter,
his Secretary.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will not be done at
this early hour in the day.
Mr. CONKLING. We may come out again.
The motion was agreed to; and after two
hours and forty minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and (at five
o'clock p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 9,1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Professor William M. Barbour, of Bangor
Theological Seminary, Maine.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In pur-
suance of previous notice, I now desire to
move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering the bill to repeal
the income tax.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, involving the right to a seat
in this House.
The SPEAKER. That question will take
precedence.
member from georgia.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I hold in my
hand the credentials of Richard H. Whiteley,
claiming a seatin this House as Representative-
elect from the second congressional district of
Georgia. I have compared thpse credentials
with those issued to the other Representatives
from Georgia who have been admitted to seats
on this floor, and I find them to be in exactly
the same form. I therefore move that the oath
of office be now administered to Mr. Whiteley;
and upon that motion I will call the previous
question.
Mr. YOUNG. I must object to swearing in
Mr. Whiteley.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to decide.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask for a few minutes to
be heard on this question.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I cannot yield
to any one. I send the credentials to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The credentials were read.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question upon the motion that Mr. White-
ley be sworn in.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Before that
question is put I desire to state again to the
House that the credentials in this case are of
exactly the same form and tenor as those upon
which we have admitted the other Representa-
tives from Georgia who now hold seats on this
floor. I will, for the present, withdraw the
call for the previous question, and yield for
one minute to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall,] a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe there is some
question about the correctness of this certifi-
cate of election. But I am unwilling to depart
from the course which has usually been*adopted
by the House in such cases. To interfere in
any manner with these credentials, as they are
presented at this time, would be, according to
my judgment, to send us to sea without either
rudder or compass. I am therefore in favor
of the admission of Mr. Whiteley under the
certificate now presented; and if there is any-
thing wrong in connection with it that can be
made the subject of future investigation by the
Committee of Elections, I do not doubt that
the committee will give every facility by short-
ening the time, as provided by law, and in every
other respect, so that full justice will be done
to the contestant. While I believe that Mr.
Whiteley really had not a majority of the legal
votes cast in his district, yet I hold that his
certificate should be regarded as final upon his
prima facie right to be now sworn in.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I was about to
say that while there cannot be a clearer case in
which the gentlemen on the other side should
stand by the rule which has been adopted by
this House, I do not feel authorized upon a
question of this kind, relating merely to cre-
dentials, to waste the time of the House in dis-
cussion ; but I will give to the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Young] one minute.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask my col-
league [Mr. Paine] one question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Young] is entitled to tho floor.
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, on a question
of this kind I do not like to be choked off in
this way when, upon a similar question which
came before the House a few days ago, I gave
the other side of the House seven tenths of my
time. Although those credentials are, as the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] states,
in precisely the same form as those upon which
the other Georgia members were sworn in, yet,
as I am prepared to show, the facts are not the
same as they were in the other cases.
This question was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections a week ago. A portion of the
testimony relating to the ease is already in the
hands of that committee. The certificate of
election, which ought to have been issued
fifty days ago, has been issued only within the
last three days. I hold that the resolution
referring this matter to the Committee of Elec-
tions has_ jerked from the Governor this cer-
tificate, [laughter,] which he did not intend
to issue. The proper examination of this case
will occupy only a few days longer. The Com-
mittee of Elections has already been instructed
to report at the earliest practicable moment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I now yield one
minute to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Burr,]
a member of the Committee of Elections. 1
will afterward answer the inquiry which my
colleague [Mr. Eldridge] desires to put to me.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, as a member of
the Committee of Elections, I have not had an
opportunity to look at one line of the evidence
in this case. I only know that a certificate in
due form has been presented. I think that
the safety, not only of the House, but espe-
cially of the Democratic portion of the House,
requires that when a man presents himself
with a certificate in due form he should be
sworn in. When he has been sworn in, any
proof which may affect the question of his
right to retain his seat should be examined
by the appropriate committee. I am in favor
of swearing in Mr. Whiteley at once, believing
that this course is in accordance with prece-
dent and safety.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make an in-
quiry of my colleague [Mr. Paine] as to a
fact connected with this certificate. I under-
stand it to be within the knowledge of the
committee that this person, whom the com-
mittee now propose shall be sworn in, came
here without a certificate, and that the com-
mittee know that the certificate which he now
holds has been made up here in Washington.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. On the con-
trary, I know that the certificate was made in
Georgia, and was sent from Georgia here. It
is written in the same hand in which the other
certificates from that State were written; it is
on the same kind of parchment, has the same
seal, and it is the commission and the only
commission authorized by the statute of Geor-
gia in the case of Representatives in Congress.
I now renew the demand lor the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered; aud under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Paine, of \Yis
consin, was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RiciiARn H. Whiteley presented him-
self, and was duly qualified by taking tho oath
prescribed by the act of .Inly'll, J8(38.
repeal ov income tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusett s. I now
move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to proceed to the consideration of the
general Calendar, with the view of taking up
