1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
to deliver, but I will forego that to take a vote
on this motion.
Mr. NYE. If it is to be a test I hope the
honorable Senator will give me a chance to
3ay something upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. NYE. That is a tiling I wOuld not do
to any Senator on this floor. I hope the motion
will be voted down.
Mr. CHANDLER. As this is to be a test
question, I ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the attention of
the Senator from Michigan. I appeal to him
not to take this course.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us take a test-vote
on this motion; and if it is voted down, of
course the discussion will go on. Let this
motion decide whether we will consider this
proposition on an appropriation bill. This
subject has been before the Senate for a long
time, and I want a test-vote whether it is to
gtf on an appropriation bill or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not. debatable, and the yeas and nays have been
ordered upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise for the purpose
of inquiring what effect this motion will have,
it it should be carried, upon the bill?
The VICE PRESIDEN T. None whatever.
By the amendment to the rules recently adopt-
ed an amendment to an appropriation bill can
be laid on the table without affecting the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham
Cameron, (J;imentor. Chandler,Conkling, Flanagan
Hamilton ot Maryland. Ilarri?, liill, Howard, Howe,
Howell. Mom 11 of Vcrmout, Osborn, Pratt, Robert-
son. Scott, Sherman. Stearns. Thurman. Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, and Willev—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, C.isserly, Cole, Corbett,
Davisi, Fenlon. Fowler, Gilbert, Kellogg, Lewis, Mc-
Donald, Nye.Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels, ilioe, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer. Speneer, Stewart, Thayer, Williams,
"Wilson, .iiid Yntcs—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Broiviilow, Cattell. Cragin, Kdmunds. Ferry, Hum-
ijton of Texas, llasnlin, Harlan, Johnston, Mc-
Creery, Miller, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patter-
son, Pool, ltoss, Schurz, Spraguo, Stockton, and
yumnei—li.3.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is laid on the table. The Secretary will resume
the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk continued tlia reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line seven of section
two, to strike out "$500,000," in the clause
appropriating "for steamship service between
San Francisco, Japan, and China," and insert
" St.000,000 and niter the woid 11 dollars,"
in the same line, to add the following :
Or so much thereof as iriav be necessary: Pro-
vided. Tlmt the Postmaster General bo, and he is
hereby, nuthoriaed to contract for the immediato
increase ot said service to a semi-monthly service,
upon the s i me tei ms and conditions as are pres( ubed
by the or of February 17.1805. and the net of March
3. 1867, nmendatory thereot, tor the establishment of
tiio existing monthly service : And provided further.
That ail sfcamshipH herealter ncccpted for said ser-
vice between San Francisco and Japan and China
shall be of not less than four thousand tons register
each.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations, that
1 did not agiee to this amendment in the pres-
ent condition of the Treasury and of the coun-
try. I merely rose to state, without taking up
any of the time of the Senate, that I myself
do not concur in this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to lay it on the
table.
The VICE PBESIDENT. Tim Senator
from Kansas moves that this amendment be
laid on the table.
Mr. COLl'j. It will he time enough to make
that motion hereafter. It is not late in the
day, and 1 hope the Senator will withdraw it
for a few minutes.
Mr. POSIBROY. If we are to debate this
question of steamship lines there should be a
lull debate; but for one Senator to make a
speech and then move to lay the amendment
on the table is not fair. I move to lay it on
the table before the debate begins.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if the motion is
persisted in, it is not debatable.
Mr. NYE. I ask the honorable Senator
if he proposes to gag down these important
measures?
Mr. POS1EROY. No, sir; but the Senate
has voted to lay one on the table, and i am
carrying out its judgment by making the same
motion as to this.
Sir. NYE. If we have not time to spend
an hour in the discussion of this measure to
improve our commerce, what have we time
for?
Mr. POMEROY. I have this to sav only 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas withdraw the motion to lay on the
table?
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to make a
remark in reference to this question. When
we are to debate a measure let us debate it.
But it is not fair for one Senator to make a
speech and then move to lay on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Kansas to move
that the amendment do lie on the table. If
that motion is withdrawn the amendment is
open to debate; if insisted upon it is not
debatable.
Sir. COLE. I hope it will be withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. COLE. Sir. President, on this matter
I wish the attention of the Senate for five or
ten minutes—five minutes perhaps will answer
the purpose. I hardly know how to condense
my remarks within so short a time; but I will
endeavor to do so. I have but little to say on
the subject after the vote that has been given
here to-day ; but I wish to do at least all that
my own conscience and judgment dictate, and
particularly to express my views in regard to
these questions distinctly before the country
and before my constituents.
Mr. President, it is a very well known his-
torical fact that whatever nation in times past
and through thousands of years has had con-
trol of the East India trade has grown wealthy
out of it. I might enumerate the nations that
have reaped the advantage of that commerce.
I may say further, that every nation that has
engaged largely in commerce has outstripped
other nations. We have living examples of
this to-day. Now,- by what means is com-
merce sustained by those nations who succeed ?
By the means that we are seeking to adopt
here. Let me tell you that the commercial
nations of the day who are controlling the
trade that we could possess by reason of our
advantage of position control it by the use of
means which we reject. Great Britanl, the
nation that has the best foothold in the East
Indies, has obtained it by subsidizing lines of
steamers, and she does not hesitate to pay
many times, at least five times, the amount of
subsidy that is asked by any party from this
Government for similar services.
Let me state that Great Britain to-day pays
to her line of steamships to the East Indies,
which make the trips only semi-monthly, full
JE1,,000,000 sterling, or $5,000,000 per annum.
This is a fact which you cannot get over ; and
in the British House of Commons, when the
matter was under discussion not a long time
since, it was stated by the minister who had
this matter in charge, that the French Govern-
ment paid to their steamship company—the
Messagers lmperioJ.es—a still larger sum to
control so much of the East India trade as she
controlled. Now, all that is asked to put our
country in fair competition with these two
great commercial nations will not exceed
$1,000,000—£200,000 sterling. How can we
compete with them with so much less aid?
Simply because we are next neighbors of
these eastern nations, because, while they
are away on the other side of the world, the
antipodes of those old and populous nations,
we are their nearest neighbors. We occupy
the continent between Europe and Asia. We
can, if we have the wisdom to adopt this policy
which I am advocating, compel communica-
tion between Asia and Europe to cross our
own country. Why, sir, with this monthly
line of steamers we have already taken hold
of that trade, we have done much already ;
and, instead of its being a burden upon the
Government, it has paid into your coffers, it
has paid into the Treasury, much more than
you have paid out of it already ; and we starled
with the great disadvantage ot competing with
old established lines. Gentlemen think this
is giving money away. Let me correct this
erroneous impression. It is the best sort of
an investment; and the same argument that
would reject propositions of this kind would
as readily stop the sowing of the grain or the
planting of the seed from which you expect a
subsequent harvest.
Mr. President, from the encouragement you
have already given to a line of monthly steam-
ers, which has been in operation for five years,
I think, or nearly that, you have taken pos-
session of the interior communication in the
waters of Japan and the north of China. Amer-
ican steamers are the only ones that are now
to be found running regularly in the interior
waters of Japan and on the large rivers of
China, your own steamers; and there is great
competition. As I have said, those countries
which are running lines of steamers, England
and France, alternate in the service, so that
there is between Europe and the East Indies,
by their route of communication through the
Suez canal, a weekly line of steamers, while
we have only a monthly line. It is clear to
any one who has looked into the subject that
a monthly line of sleamers cannot compete
successfully for the whole of a trade which has
the advantage of a weekly line, because after
one of our steamers leaves a month must elapse
before another departs, and in that time two
or three steamers leave in the oilier direction,
and we cannot control the trade unless we have
more frequent trips upon our own line.
This American enterprise is a success. It
has already paid; it will pay more. Let us
take such advantage as the other nations do,
as our competitors in commerce have done and
are doing; and though much less is asked of
us, let us do what is requisite in that direction,
and we shall get that which is of such great
advantage to them and which they can appre-
ciate if we do not. They do not hesitate to
pay five or ten times as much as is asked of us,
and the two countries I have mentioned are
now paying for this same service to the East
Indies twenty times what it costs this Govern-
ment to sustain our monthly line. The prop-
osition now before the Senate is to double this
amount; and it is economy to do it, because we
know that it will pay, as it has thus far paid.
This is no monopoly. Senators may sup-
pose and will say that this is encouraging mo-
nopoly. I will state to Senators that this is a
joint stock company, and any man 1 presume
in this body and in the country can buy just as
much of the stock as he wants at a very low
rate; and it was held perhaps by thousands
of persons. I am not so fortunate as to own
any of it; I never owned a cent of it, and
never expect to; but I know it is owned by
many persons. It is on the market, and has
its market value. So you do not benefit any
one in particular, or any particular associa-
tion. You benefit, if you benefit tb&company
at all, thousands of persons, all who choose to
invest in this stock. But the great benefit w,ll
be to the nation at large, to the whole people,
who will be enriched and strengthened by this
proposition.
Sir. President, you vote money to support
your Army and Navy, you use up the amount
asked here to encourage this commercial en-
terpris« in sustaining a single vessel of war
