1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
281
Pomeroy, Pool, Kamsey, Revels, Sawyer, Soott, Sher-
man, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, Willey, and Wii-
AliSEST—Messrs. Anthony, Boroman, Bucking-
ham. Cameron, Cattell, Davis, Penton, Perrv, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, llamiltonof Maryland. Harris, Howard,
Kellogs;, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Patterson,
Pratt, Rice. Robertson, Saulabury, Spencer, Sprague,
Trumbull, Yxekers, Wilson,Wmdom, and Yates—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHURZ. I offer tlie following amend-
ment as an additional section, to be inserted as
section two, coming in after the first section :
And be it further reiolved, That if tberebe any naval
force of the United States stationed in the waters of
the Dominican republic such naval force shall be
withdrawn; and if there be any protectorate exer-
cised over the Dominican republic, or any aid given
to the present Government of that republic in resist-
ing domestic or foreign enemies, such protectorate
or aid shall be immediately discontinued; and that
the said commissioners phall not commence their
investigations until three months after the said naval
force shall have been withdrawn or the said pro-
tectorate or aid shall have been discontinued.
Mr. President, in the course of this debate
it has been asserted, and I think not without
reason, that there was a naval force stationed
in Dominican waters for the purpose of giving
support to the Baez government and over-
awing the Dominican people. Of course that
naval force cannot march across the country
into the mountains to subdue insurrectionary
parties there, as the Senator from Indiana gave
us to understand, but it may exercise a very
powerful moral influence on the coast and
especially over the population of the towns.
And it is equally clear that as long as that
naval force is there, exercising such influence,
a free expression of public opinion in regard to
annexation cannot be had. The amendment
provides that that naval force shall be with-
drawn, that the protectorate or aid given to
the Dominican Government shall be discon-
tinued, and that only after a certain time, when
it may be presumed that the people of San
Domingo have full liberty in expressing their
opinions, the commissioners shall commence
their work in investigating the mental and
moral condition of those people, and whether
they are ready to be annexed to the United
States.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senator from
Missouri, who makes the charge that there are
any portions of our naval force in the Domini-
can waters?
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has informed us that he has invest-
igated the records of the Navy .Department
and that there are orders issued by the Navy
Department to that effect, and that they are
on record.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to have withdrawn all
charges against the President, and I supposed
that fell with the rest.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is a jester 
Mr.EDM.UNDS. No ; asuggester. [Laugh-
ter.] .
Mr. CONIvLING. Many a true word is
spoken in jest.
Mr. SUMNER, The Senator knows very
well that I have withdrawn nothing on the ques-
tion involved in the proposition now moved.
On the contrary, I insist upon it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was mistaken, then.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator was mistaken ;
I have withdrawn nothing that I have said.
The Senator from Vermont said that I had
withdrawn—he used another expression. I
have withdrawn nothing at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the President of the
United States has sent the Navy down to San
Domingo to hold up a government there while
he can treatwith it, and is overawing that peo-
ple for the purpose of getting their consent by
fraud, by violence—I take back "fraud" and
insist upon ''violence"—then I thitfk he is
doing something which goes to his character
and intention, ^understood all that charge
to be withdrawn by the Senator two or three
times over, or rather that he has asserted that
he never made any such charge.
Mr. SUMNER. I say again the Senator is
a jester. I will not treat him seriously until
he treats himself and the Senate seriously. I
have made no imputation upon the character
of the President. I have insisted that Baez
was maintained in power by the naval force of
the United States, and I further insist that the
evidence of that fact will be found on the files
of the State Department and the Navy Depart-
ment, and also in the conversations of officers
and of patriot citizens who have been there
during the last year.
In making that charge I confine myself to
the fact; I make no imputation on any man's
motives, but I insist on the fact. Let the Sen-,
ator show that it is wrong instead of making a
jest. The thing does not allow of a jest, per-
mit me to say to the Senator. It is a serious
thing; it is a serious act 
Mr. CARPENTER. And a criminal thing.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Again the Sen-
ator jests. I dismiss the Senator to his jests
and to his laugh. I am in earnest in this mat-
ter. I wish to save this Republic of ours from
an act of shame; I wish to save it from doing
what we all are troubled to think may be done
for France by setting up Louis Napoleon there
in order to betray his country. I have said
that before, but it is a pointed illustration which
brings home to the Senate precisely what, dur-
ing the past year, according to all the evidence j
accessible to me, we have been doing. On that
I insist.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am not
quite sure that this proposition for amendment
is not offered merely as a dilatory motion. I
do not wish to make an unjust imputation
against one of my associates in this Chamber,
nor to criticise any one's motives, and yet
the whole character of the discussion, I think,
would justify the conclusion that some mem-
bers of this body desire delay in reaching the
final vote on this subject. If 1 am right in this
conclusion, doubtless such Senators have what
they consider sufficient reasons to justify this
course. That leads me, however, to say a word
or two about this proposed amendment. J
Surely no member of this body as intelligent
as the honorable Senator from Missouri would
undertake iu this way to control the official
action of the Commander-in-Chief ofthe Army
and Navy of the United States to direct by
statute the movement of our squadrons atsea.
Such legislation, I think, would be new in any
enlightened country. The Constitution ofthe
United States confers on the President some
prerogatives; he is declared to be Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy—of all the
armed forces of the United States. They are
placed under his command to enable him to
enforce the laws; and Congress may doubt-
less make rules and regulations for the govern-
ment of the Navy as well as the Army. Is it
not at least questionable whether Congress has
the right to direct the movements of either?
But concede the right of Congress to command
the Navy: the information sought by this res-
olution would be none the less desirable, and
should be had in advance of action on the Sen-
ator's amendment. And to adopt this amend-
ment would imply irresistibly that the Presi-
dent has been or is about to be derelict in duty;
or is about to commit some wrong. This con-
clusion may bo fairly inferred from the tenor
of the debate. I believe Senators have asserted
it in terms. They say he has sent armed ves-
. sels to Samana bay to support the Dominican
! Government: that this Government could, not
j be maintained by the, people of the republic in
j the absence of tiiis ileetl Now, if this allega-
1 tion were literally true, it does not follow as a
I logical sequence t'nat the President has done
I wrong, and hence would not justity the ad op -
j tion of this amendment.
! Is it impossible that reasons may exist jus-
1 tifvine such support of a foreign Power? Are
there not precedents in our own history and
in that of foreign nations? The citizens of
the United States may have interests of great
value, which would be greatly endangered or
destroyed by the violent overthrow of that Gov-
ernment. In such a supposable case would it
not be the duty of the President to protect
those interests by the presence of an armed
fleet, to lend the existing Government, with
which we are in peaceful relations, the moral
support of the presence of our flag ? And do
those who thus condemn the President for coun-
tenancing the existence ofthe Government of
this republic equally condemn the United
States for supporting the provisional Govern-
ment in Mexico at the close of the war between
that republic and the United States? it.iswell
known to every reader of American history that
the Government recognized by General Scott
after the capture of the city of Mexico could
not have existed thirty days without the pres-
enceof the Army ofthe United States. And yet
it was with that Government thus morally sup-
ported by the presence of our flag, that the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was concluded.
It is even alleged that had it not been for the
presence of the Army of the United States in
the capital of Mexico, and the countenance and
support of the commander-in-chief of the forces
this provisional Government never could have
been organized, and consequently this treaty,
which ceded to the United States vast territo-
ries. could neverhaye been negotiated and rati-
fied by the Senate of the United States ; and
who now condemns President Polk for holding
up in this case the hands of a weak Power?
And did not the United States at the close
of the recent rebellion support the Mexican
Government again, in its lite and death strug-
gle, by throwing a large army on the Rio
Grande ? Have not other great Governments,
on occasions of great gravity, done the same
thing—supported a friendly Power by the pres-
ence of an armed force ? Was not this the
meaning of the presence of the Russian fleet
in American waters during the recent struggle
between the United States and rebel citizens?
And did we not hail the presence of this fleet
with delight? And has not the friendly act
tended to strengthen the friendly relations
existing between these two great peoples ?
If our own Government, was right in giving
moral support to other Governments in the
cases I have named, and if it was right for us
to receive similar support in the time ot great
need, in what consists the President's crime,
in the case now at bar, if he has sent a ship
of war to the waters ot' the Dominican repub-
lic for the purpose of preserving that ieehle
friendly Power from destruction?
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARLAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. I have great respect for
my friend, and also for his learning, and more
so as I understand that in times past he has
been a professor in an institution of learning.
I beg leave to ask him whether he considers a
man-of-war a moral force? [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Undoubtedly. 1 repeat the
! interrogatory, and inquire of the honorable
Senator from Ohio if he does not?
Mr. TIIURMAN. Certainly I do not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Iam perfectly willing that
the honorable Senator from Ohio shall stand
on the record that he has jusf made. If it is
not a mora! force, what kind of a force is it,
unless physical force shall be used ? The pres-
ence of an armed fleet, it is insisted by the
I opponents of this bili, does exert an influence,
i! They demand its removal. 'Ihese vesseis have
not fired a gun.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Serator from Jowa
will allow ine, I wish to call his attention to
the fact that there has been no allegation Here
, at all that these frigates or gun-boats, or what-
: ever they were, ever fired a gun, or iha„_tne
,1 marines ever landed, or that taey exercised
