1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
the bill for the repeal of the income lax ; and
pending that motion I move that all general
debate cease in one minute after the House
shall resolve itself into the Committee ef.the
Whole.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to make a parliamentary inquiry. If the House
should resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, would not the first business in
order be the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill?
The SPEAKER. When the House resolves
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
general Calendar before the morning hour the
rule is to take up the bills seriatim as they
stand ; but a proviso at the end of the rule
declares—
" That genera! appropriation bills, and, in time of
war, bills for r.iL-ing men or money, and bills con-
cerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to all
other bills, at the discretion of the committee; anil
when demanded by any member the question shall
first be put in regard to tbem."
The naval appropriation bill is very nearly
at the foot of the Calendar, but it will be in
order after the House goes into committee for
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] who lias charge of that bill, to move
that the committee proceed to its considera-
tion. It is then for a majority of the commit-
tee to determine, and it will be the duty of the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to recognize the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin for that motion. If
the House refuse that motion it will then be
the duty of the chairman to take up the Calen-
dar and go through with it seriatim.
The House divided : and there were—ayes
8P-. noes 42.
Mr. DAWE5. I ask my colleague whether
there cannot be some arrangement made about
this matter?
Mr. PLATT demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. DA^\ E3. My friend sees that he can-
not reach it in this way; and I hope he will
let the regular appropriation bills go on.
Mr. SARGENT. No, no. We want to get
at the income tax; and the only way is to lay
aside intervening bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will bear noth-
ing but a parliamer.taiy inquiry.
Mr. WOOD. 1 wi=h !o make a parliament-
ary inquiry: who-ther fhis limitation of general
df-bate does not apply to any bill the Com-
luittoc ol the \\ hole on the state of the Union
may take'up for consideration?
The SPEAKER. No matter what bill is up,
the limitation will apply to it. And the Chair
further advises the House that if it be the
intention of the committee to take tip a bill
and lay it-aside by title, that motion is not
debatable at all utider the practice of the
House.
Mr. KERR. When bills are taken up is the
five-minute debate cut off as well as the gen-
eral debate?
The SPEAKER. If the motion be made to
lay a bill aside the question is to be decided
without debate. Jf the House negatives the
motion to lay aside the bill will then be un-
der the five-minute debate. The five-minute
debate will be unrestricted.
Mr. NIBLACK. The motion to lay aside
is not debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not: for it is no dam-
age to a bill to be laid aside. If it affected a
bill, then, of course, debate would be admis-
sible. Uuder the rules it is not considered to
affect a bill to lay it aside, and therefore it is
not allowed to be debated.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the aliirmative—yeas lO'.i. nays SO, not voting
45; lis follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allium, Aines, Arch or, Arm-
strong, Arnali, Axtcll. Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beam an, Benjamin, Xioiiuett, Bothuno, Biggs,
bam George M. Brooks, Buck, Buflinton. Roderick
R. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, William T
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Conger, Cook!
CowIes.Cox, Cullom. Darrall, Dawes. Dickey," Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Farnsworth, Ferris*. Ferry
lishcr. Fitch, Garfield, Getz, (Jilfillun, Hays, Hill"
iloar, ilolmcs. Hooper, Hotehkiss. Jenckes. Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Keteham, Knaj>i>,
Lynch, McCrary, McKee, Je?se JI. Alnore,
A.U ..J0 ~ Morey. Morphi-3, Myer?, Kcgley,
0 Neill, Ortb, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perce. Peters,
Phelps, Poland, Sorter, Prosser, liainey, Randall,
Rogers, Sanford, Sarsent, Scofield, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S.Smith, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stone, Stoushton, Strickland,
Strong, Taffe, Tanner. Taylor, Twichell, Upson, Van
Horn. Van Wyck. Cadwalader C. Washburn, "William
B. Washburn, Wells. Wheeler, Whittnore, Wilkin-
son, and Witcher—lu9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Asper, Atwood, Beatty,
Beck, Benton. Blair, Booker, Boyd, Buckiev, Burch-
ard,Burdett,Burr,BenjaminF.Butler. AmasaCobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Crebs, Degener,
Dickinson, Dockery, Duke, Duval, Ela, Eldridge,
Fmkelnburs, Haight, Haldeiaan, Hale, Hamilton,
Hawley, Hay, Holraan, Ingersoll, Alexander H.
Jones, Thoma3 L. Jones, Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis,
Lons?, Loughridge, Manning, McCarthy, McCormick,
McCrew. McNeely, Eliakim II. Moore, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Niblaek, Halbcrt E,
Paine, William W. Paine, Piatt, Pomeroy, Potter,
Price, Reeves, Rice, Sawyer. Shanks, Sherrod, Slo-
cum, John A.Smith, Stevens.Stiles, Strader, Swann,
Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, Van Auken. Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wallace, Ward, Welker. Willard, Wil-
liams, EugeneM. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winches-
ter, Wood, Woodward, and Young—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Barnum, Bird,
Boles, Bowen, James Brooks, Cake, Corker. Donley,
Dox, Dyer, Fox. Gibson, Griswold, Hambleton, Ham-
ill, Harris, Hawkins, Heflin, Hoge, Johnson, Knott,
Laflin, Logan, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, Me-
Kenzie, Mercur, Milnes, Daniel J. Morrell, Mun-
gen, Newsham, Packard, Roots, Schumaker, Sho-
ber, William J. Smith. Worthington C. Smith,
Sweeney, Sypher, Trimble, Whiteley, Winans, and
Wolf—45.
So the House ordered general debate in tbe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to be limited to one minute.
The question next recurred on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the general Calendar.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
seventy-five, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Hooper, of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Ivelsey.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 88, noes 72.
Mr. WELKER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par- t
liamontary inquiry. I ask the Chair, if the j
ILmst- should refuse to go into Committee of :
the ^ hole, whether we can reach at this time '
the bill in relation to the repeal of the income
tax? !
The SPEAKER. Not 1-y any way that is
known to the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. Then, to reach the in-
come tax we must go into Committee of the
Whole.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 104, nays 105, not voting
ul; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, Asper,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Batiks, Benjamin, Bennett,
Bethase. Biggs, Bingham, Bowen. Boyd, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buffinton, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, William
X. OiarkjSidney Clarke,Cleveland, Cook,Cowles,Cox,
Cullom, Darrall, Dawes, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fitch, Garfield, Getz, GilfiUan,
Haight, Haldeman, Hamill, Hamilton. Hill, Hoge,
Holmes, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Judd, Julian, Kelley. Kellogg, ICotcham, Knapp,
Logan, Lynch, Mayham, Jesse H. Moore, Wilham
Moore, Morey, Morrissey, Myers, Niblaek, O'Neill,
Orth. Perce, Peters, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Price,
Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Joseph
S. Smith, Starkweather. Stevenson, Stiles, Stone,
Strode**, Strong, Swann, Sypher, Taylor, Trimble,
Twichell, Upson, Van Wyek, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William 11. Washburn,Wells,EugeneM,
Wilson, Wood.and Young—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell, Atwood,
Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Bock. Benton, Blair,
Booker, Buck, Buckley. Burchard, Burdett, Burr,
Cessna, Amasa C«*bb, Coburn, Conger, Connor,
Crebs, Dickey, Dickinson, Dox, Duke, Duval, Kla,
Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher, Gibson, Hale. Han Ivy,
Hay, Hays. Hoar, Holuian. Alexander II. Jones,
Thomas L, Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Lash, Lawrence,
Lewia, Long, Loughridge, Manning, Marshall, May-
nard. McCarthy, McCormick, MjCrary, MuGrew,
MoNeely, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Mor-,
I f>aDT Samuel P. Morrill. Neglcy. Packard,
, Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Piatt,
i Poland, Ponieroy, Prosser, Rainey, Iliee. Sawyer,
t behumaker, shanks,,Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, John
t A. ^mith, btevens, Stoker, Stouglitun, Strickland,
i Sweeney, laffe Tanner,Tillman, Townsend, Tyner,
I Van Aukon Van Horn, Van Tramp, Voorhees,
irni ?'vr^?■ Br* ? hitf,ey' Wilkinson,
! }ll!.lar'1- Jl>hn T.^v ilson.Winans.Witeher,
j Wolf, and Woodward—10-y,
. NOT \ OTING—Messrs. Ambler, Barnum, Bird,
f A>oies, Lake, Clinton L. Cobb, Corker. Defrener
Joseph Dixon, Honley, Dyer, Eldridge, Fox, Gris-
wold,Hambleton, Harris Hawkins, Heflin, Johnson,
Laflm. MeKes, MeKenzie. Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Mungen, IN ew=ham, William \T. Paine, William
A;.®11!1"1, ' wthmgton C. Smith, Whitmorc. and
Winchester—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
so-y, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
A. bill (S. No. 1086) to incorporate the
Dime Savings-Bank of Washington, District
of Columbia; and
A bill (S. No. 1126) to incorporate the Capi-
tol Hill Savings-Bank of Washington, District
of Columbia.
The message farther requested the Honse
of Representatives to return to the Senate the
joint resolution (S. K. No. 23-5) ceding to the
city of New York Oyster Island, in the harbor
of New York, which passed the Senate and
was sent to the House for concurrence on the
Cth of February.
Mr. ARNELL. I demand the regular order.
brooklyn navy-yard.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been demanded, the morning hour begins at
thirteen minutes past one o'clock, and the
. House resumes the consideration of the bill
^ (H. R. No. 1G03) to provide for the removal
| of the Brooklyn navy-yard, reported from the
f Committee ou Naval Affairs, on which the
i gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
is entitled to eighteen minutes remaining of
his hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield fifteen minutes
to my colleague on the committee from Marj--
land, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. 1 believe it is understood
that the gentleman from New York who is
on the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr.
Kxivham] is to otfer an amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No: it is not so under-
stood. I decline to admit the amendment.
Sir. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I appear as
representing a minority of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who are opposed to the sale of
the Brooklyn navy-yard. Those of us who
are in the minority think there are many and
very grave reasons why this bill should not
pass. The first, Mr. Speaker, that presents
itself, and one w^iieh the House ought to con-
sider, is the fact that in one of the deeds con-
veying a part of this navy-yard there is a clause
which causes a reversion of a large portion of
the yard to the city of New York in case it
should be sold by the Government. The deed
runs in the following words:
"To have and to hold, all and singular, tho said
promises hereby granted and released, with the
hereditaments and appurtcnanees, to the said Uni-
ted States forever, to and for the use and purposes
aforesaid: Provideit always. That whenever all or
any part of the said land and the premises hereby
granted shall be used for any purposes except those
of a navy-yard as aforesaid, or such other purposes
as the public may bo immediately interested in,
then and in such easo the said premises hereby
granted, or so much thereof as shall not be so used,
shall revet c to and revert in the said mayor, alder-
men, and commonalty of the eity of New York
and their successors."
Now, Mr. Speaker, that pari of the navy-
yard which is conveyed by this deed, and to
which this clause applies, is all the land be-
tween high and low water mark. All the land
that we possess between high and low water
mark has, at an enormous expense to the Gov-
ernment, been made high land. And in case
Congress shall resolve that these lands be sold,
