1038
iSS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
then all the title of the Government reverts to
the city of New York., Now, my friend from
New York, [Mr. Sjloci7M;J who is in favor of
this measure, prbpo'ses that the difficulty shall
be done away with by saying that these lands
shall not be sold ufitil the city of New York
executes a deed for these lands in fee. Sir)
what probability is there that the city of New
York will convey these lands without & ctin-
sido^tib'h,' and without a yeryldfge consider-
ation? . That is the first objection to this bill.
I do nijfc pause to elaborate it in detail, because
it ia a simple and easy matter ftir the House
to see how grave an objection it is to the sale,
if no other were urged.
The. noxt objection to a sale of this yard
is that a large part of that which is proposed
to be sold belongs to the marine hospital and
not to the Government of the United States.
The marine hospitals are not bought with the
money of the Government of the United States.
They were bought by the twenty cents per
week that has been contributed by every mah
belonging to the Navy of the United States for
every week of service that he has been in the
service. Whether he be fi seaman or an ad-
miral, for every week that he is in the service
he contributes, and has willingly contributed,
this twenty cents per week in order to build
up asylums for the poor o.f the Navy, and for
those who need them. The fee in these marine
hospital lots is in trustees, and yet the Govern-
ment, without recommendation on their part,
proposes to sell their land, and undet this bill
to place the money in the Treasury. I knbw
it is proposed, on the other hand, that the
Government shall repay it but of that fund ;
but, Mr. Speaker, jdst as well mi^lit the Gov-
ernment pass a bill to Sell the prbperty of
any man in the United States ftitliout any
assent On his part, and without any request
on his part, afid say that after we have sold it
and put the money iri the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States why he mftv draw it out. Then,
Mr. Speaker, independent of that, the question
comes up, even supposing we do pass that, act
to sell that part of this navy-yard, can we give
a title against the trustees, and would not the
land be sold with this cloud on the title, and
would not those people who are the owners of
it suffer by reason of such a clouded title being
sold ?
Let us turn for a moment, Mr. Speaker,
and look at what the navy-yard of the United
States at Brooklyn consists of. Within its
borders are three hundred and cjne acres of
land. It has, of those three hundred and one
acres of land, twenty-six hundred yards of
water front, making it the best navy-yard in
the United States. It has within its bounds
the only dry-dock in the United States that
is capable of taking a first-class armed ship
within it. There is only besides this dry dock
(excepting one or two little flaating ones) one
other dry-dock in the United States, and a small
one at tlie Norfolk navy-yard. I assert here,
and 1 think I assert what I know, that no such
dry-dock as the one at the New York navy-
yard can possibly be built in less than ten years
or can possibly be built at a less expense than
$3,000,000.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. THat b'iib cost five
million dollars.
Mr. .ARCHER. My friend says this one
cost $5,000,00$. I did not know what it cost,
but I knew that it was one which Could not be
built except at an enormous expanse. In
legislating with reference to this yard tfe must
consider where it is located. It stands as the
protection of the great metropolis of the coun-
try. If the yard be sold, if the views of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, be carried out, where cati any vessel
be repaired that should be in that harbor in
case that harbor should ever be blockaded by
any of the naval Powers of the world? The
great metropolis of the country would be with-
out a single place to which a vessel could be
taken in which she might be repaired, to say
nothing of fitting out and building vessels for
defense in case of a long blockade.
Mr. Speaker, this navy-yard, besides its dry-
dock, besides its enormous sheds, besides
its machinery of immense value, besides its
mabhine-shops, besides its immense store-
houses of lumber, besides the barracks which
have just been built at an enormous expense
to the Government, besides its lonjj dock,
is in every respect by far the best navy-yard in
the United States. If the riavy-yards are to
be reduced in number, let us not take that
which is the best to begin the work of reduc-
tion with.
My friend froiii New York, [Mr. SiA>ctJM,]
in arguing for the sale of this navy-yard, has
taketi the recommendation of Admiral PorteJ1
as one. reason why it should be sold, as one
ground why the yard should be sold, and that
no othfe'r navy-yatd should be built in its place.
Sir, what is the recommendation of Admiral
Porter? It is that the yard should he sold
because it Was too small; because the Govern-
ment, not having sufficient room in that yard,
should have a yard somewhere near the city
of New York containing a hundred acres of
land. That is the ground that has been taken.
Sell.the yard on the recommendation of Admi-
ral Porter, when the only reason why he asks
it to fee sold.is because one double the size
should be built 1 . **
Another ground takeu by my friehd from
Nete York, [Mr. Slocum,J who with his ability
seems to have the power of making the worse
appear the better cause, was that the Govern-
ment of the United States ought to do away
with the dock-yards and navy-yards of the
United States because England had adopted
that plan. It is true that England within the
last few years has had many of her large
armed vessels built in private yards. But
gentlemen should recollect that England has
within her borders six navy-yards, one of the
six with twenty times the capacity in it for
building vessels that the navy-yard at Brook-
lyn has; I speak of the dock-yard of Ports-
mouth. Then there are her dock-yards at
Chatham and Deptford. Then, besides that,
you can see the navy-yards of Great Britain at
Gibraltar, at Malta, in fact dotted all over her
colonies at convenient distances. She has
nine other yards besides the six within her
immediate borders. And then there is also
a reason why the building of her iron-clads
should be carried on in private yards. She
has been adding so immensely to her navy
that her dock-yards, her navy-yards, have
been entirely occupied in repairing vessels, so
that it was almost impossible to build the new
ones there.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Scofield]
to permit me to offer a substitute for this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will do so if the gentle-
man will strike out of his substitute as printed
the portion I have indicated to him; I mean
that portion which requires the commission he
proposes to have appointed to recommend a
certain thing to compel them to do so. I do
not like that part of his proposed amendment.
If we appoint a commission they ought to be
allowed some discretion. To appoint a com-
mission, and require them by law to report a
particular fact, I do not think would be very
wise. I will yield to my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ketcham,] to offer his sub-
stitute, if he will strike out the portion I have
indicated.
Mr. STEVENS. Aie any further amend-
ments now in order to this bill if objected to?
The SPEAKER. The pending bill has as
many amendments pending to it as can be
offered to it under the rules; but the Chair
understands that the amendment which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Ketcham]
desires to offer is in the form of a substitute
for the entire bill. That would be in order
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] yields for the purpose of allowing it to
be offered, and one amendment to that substi-
tute would be in order. That would exhaust
the parliamentary power to amend.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman will
modify his amendment as I have indicated I
will yield to him to offer it; otherwise, I will
decline tb yield.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot now. I will
yield a moment to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.],
Mr. POTTER. "Amoment!" AVhatdoes
the gentleman mean by "a moment?"
Mr. 'SCOFIELD. The Speaker has in-
formed me that I have but three minutes left
of my hour. I understood the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] to be willing to take
that time.
Mr. POTTER. I will take that and as
much more 5s I can get. How much time
hks the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has now
one minute left.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, not a single
member from the State of New York, except
that one of the two members from Brooklyn
[Mr. Sloccm] who favors the removal of this
navy-yard, has yet been permitted to speak
upon this most important question. It is pro-
posed by this bill to carry off this navy-yard
to New London, and to open the wny for a
great naval station at League Island, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has said. Yet those of us who represent the
interests of the greatest city in the United
States are to be allowed but one minute to
express our views upon this most dangerous
measure.
Mr. Speaker, there were presented yester-
day by the gentleman from Brooklyn [.Mr.
Slocum] communications from officers of the
Navy in regard to the necessity of removing
the navy-yard from Brooklyn. But every one
of those communications states that the navv-
yard should be removed because it is insuffi-
cient; and they generally assume that, if
removed, it should be removed to some place
contiguous to New York, where there could be
larger accommodations for the woik of the
yard; and where it might be more useful for
the pdrposes of the Navy and the protection
of the public. Every one of those communi-
cations, I believe, concedes that the Brooklyn
yard is " the main dependence " (such is the
language of Admiral Porter) of the Govern-
ment in time of war. Yet it is proposed to
abolish this dependence and substitute for it
nothing in.that locality. And when my col-
league, [Mr. Ketciiam,] a member of the
Naval Committee, endeavors to introduce an
amendment providing that if the removal .-.hall
take place a new site contiguous to the etty
of New York shall be selected, he is met by
objection to the introduction even, of that
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not lule
the amendment out of order.
Mr. POTTER. No; but the chairman of
the committee declined to yield the floor to
allow it to be offered.
The SPEAKER. The amendment would
be entirely in order if offered by any gentle-
man having the floor.
Mr. POTTER. And I hope my colleague
will have that opportunity to bring liis amend-
ment before the House. What, sir, until then,
is the position of this measure? Why, weave
throttled here and compelled to vote simply
as to whether the navy-yard at Brooklyn shall
be^ removed or not. But if removed under
this bill it is to be remembered that it will be
removed to New London or some other yard
now established, and New York will be left
without any provision for a navy-yard at all,
