1871.
THE COtfGHESSIOKTA.L GLOBS.
1701
Michigan to yield to a motion to adjourn. If
we are going into the business of .steamship
subsidies we might as well adjourn now and
take time to consider it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that an executive session
for five minutes or so is very much needed.
The VIOB PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to suggest to the Senate that during the
last three days very many executive messages
have been received and are now on the table,
which ought to be referred to the appropriate
committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let us have an
executive session. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. COLE. Is not that motion debatable?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. There
is now an express rule of the Senate which
says that a motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business shall betaken with-
out debate. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio.
executive session.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty minutes spent in ex-
ecutive session the doors were reopened ; and
upon motion of
Mr. DAVIS, that the Senate adjourn,
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered ; and being taken, result-
ed—yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Chandler, Davis, Fenton, Flana-
gan. Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, McCreery.
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Ramsey,
Kico, Scott, Spencer, Stearns, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers. and Yates—2*1.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Kellogg,
Nye, Osfeorn, Patterson,. Koss, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stewart, Thayer, Warner,Willey, and Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, .Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Howard, Howell,
Johnston, Lewis, Miller, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Pomeroy. Pool. Revels, Kobertson, Saulsbury,
Schurx, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, and
Wilson—28.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and fourteen minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 27,1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. w.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. b.
point op order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise,
Mr. Speaker, to a point of order. The rules
having been suspended for that purpose, I
make the point of order that nothing is in
order but the consideration of the appropri-
ation bills.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the Jour-
nal is always in order the first thing in the
# morning after the prayer, and the Chair would
not entertain a motion to suspend the rules to
dispense with its reading, as that can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that it will be dispensed with.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
cheapening of transportation.
Mr. DAWES. If the rules will permit me,
I am willing to yield for ten or fifteen minutes
to gentlemen for the purpose of taking up mat-
ters-wbich will not give rise to debate.
Mr. BENNETT. I submit the following
resolution :
Raalved, That the rules be suspended to report
from the Committee on Commeroo a bill largely
cheapening transportation and diminishing the cost
of exchanges between the States, and that said bill
be considered in the House on Thursday next, im-
mediately after thereading of the Journal, for thirty
minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. Let as hear what that
bill is.
The bill was read.
Several members objected.
TWO PER CENT. CLAIM.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, submitted a
report on the two per cent, claim of Illinois,
Indiana, and Ohio ; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
CHOCTAW NATION.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, sub-
mitted a report on the memorial of the Choc-
taw nation; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, moved
that the House take from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 2524, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, excutive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1872, that they be non-concurred in, and that
a committee of conference be asked for on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Appro-
priations the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 2615, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling so-
called treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 80, 1872, and
for other purposes, in order to move that they
be non-concurred in, and to ask a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
There was no objection, and the amendments
of the Senate were non concurred in, and a
committee of conference was requested on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
international exhibition.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1478) to provide for celebrating
the one hundredth anniversary of American
independence by holding an international ex-
hibition of arts, manufactures, and products of
the soil and mine, in the city of Philadelphia
and State of Pennsylvania, in the year 1870,
in order to move that they be non-concurred
in, and request a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
medical profession.
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. li. No. 3069) to
secure the medical profession equal rights in
the civil service of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
reports from the printing committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Mungek] desires to report sundry reso-
lutions from the Committee on Printing, which
is authorized to report at any time.
documents of forty-first conqiiess.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
concurrent resolution:
Resolved ly the Ilmiie of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That all documents ordered to be
printed by the two Houses of Congress or by law
during the term of the Forty-First Congress, lor dis-
tribution among members of Congress, which may
be printed prior to tho 1st day ot December, 1871. bo
distributed among the members of the Forty-First
Congress, and that the Congressional Printer and
the officers of each House make such distribution
in accordance with this resolution*
Mr. NIBLACIi. I would suggest to the
gentleman an amendment to the resolution,
which I hope he will agree to, to iusert after
the words "which may be printed" the words
"and ready for distribution."
Mr. MUNGEN. I am willing to accept the
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The resolution of the
Committee on Printing is just and right, and
the only question in my mind is whether a
similar resolution by the next Congress will
not abrogate it.
The SPEAKER. Of course it is subject to
repeal.
Mr. MAYNARD. By a simple resolution
of the House?
The SPEAKER. That is a question of par-
liamentary law which the Chair is not now
called upon to decide.
Mr. MUNGEN. Of course the resolution
is subject to repeal, i am simply reporting
under the instruction of the committee.
The amendment offered by Mr. Nsslack was
" to.
The concurrent resolution, as amended, was
adopted.
Mr. MUNGEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the concurrent resolution was adopt-
ed ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS OF THE WAR OF 1S12.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Printing to report the fol-
lowing resolution with the recommendation
that it be adopted:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the act
passed at this session ot Congress pensioning the
survivingsoldiers of the war of 1812, anda like num-
ber of the blank forms and instructions provided by
the Pensions Office, be printed for the use of this
House.
The resolution was agreed to;
Mr. MUNGEN moved to reconsider the vote'
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to recon8ider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am also instructed by
the same committee to make the following
report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Printing, having had under
consideration the following resolution referred to
them :
" Remlved. That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire whether the contract for printing
the Congressional Globe has been so construed as to
permit two insertions of the President's annual mes-
sage and other executive documents, and', if so, that
said committee be directed to give notice to the con-
tractors that but one such insertion will be paid for;"*
beg leave to report back the same and to say that
they find that under the contract referred to, the
publishers of the Globe were authorized' to publish
both inthe proceedings of the Senate and the House
the message above referred to; and they therefore"
beg leave to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the resolution.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of the resolution, and that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask that in connection
with the above resolution a letter from the
contractors for reporting and printing the de-
bates of Congress be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection. The letter is as
follows :
[No. 45024.]
Congressional Globe Office,
Washington, D. C., January 21,1871.
Sir : We have received your letter of the 18th in-
stant. eommunieatine: to us officially tbe notion of
the House of .Representatives on tho 6th day of
December last relative 'o printing the Presidents
annual message in the Globe, which action was ag
followsi ^ _ *
*4Mr. G-iRriELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous con-
