1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
was the Baez government. The Senator from
Vermont then asked the Senator from Missouri
what was the dejure Government, and the Sen-
ator from Missouri, as I understood and as the
Senator from Vermont understood him, an-
swered that the Baez government was the de
jure Government; and then the Senator from
Vermont, with something likea sarcasm, said,
"What a point this is, that we have a naval
force m the harbors of Dominica where the
Baez government is the de jure and th ede facto
Government!" I do not pretend to quote his
words. I submittothe Senatorthat that is not
the question at all. It is against the spirit of
this age for a Governmentto annex anypeople
without their consent. Even Louis Napoleon,
despot as he has been called, did not annex
Savoy and Nice to France until the people of
Savoy and Nice voted in favor of annexation.
Now the question is, do the people of Dominica
want to be annexed? The question is not what
is the Government of Dominica; but whether
the people there wish to be annexed; and the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri leads
to the inquirj' which you are to make, whether
they wish to be annexed.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. THURMAN. Let me finish my sen-
tence. And he does not wanttheir vote or the
opinion they may express to your commission-
ers in respect to their wishes to be influenced
by the 11 moral force !' of a fleet of war. That
is the whole thing.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to suggest to
the Senator from Ohio that it has been asserted,
and with some show of reason, that Baez could
not have sustained himself as president of the
Dominican republic but for the " moral force,"
so called, exercised by United States war ves-
sels. Now we propose to just try whether that
is so or not, and for that reason the amendment
provides that the commission shall not com-
mence their investigation until three months
after the ships of war have been withdrawn, so
that events shall have had time to develop
themselves.
Mr. THURMAN. Nobody will stand up
here and say that Dominica shall be annexed
to the United States unless the people of
Dominica are in favor of annexation. The
object of the pending amendment, as I under-
stand, is that they may have a free expression
of their opinion, uninfluenced by the "moral
force" of men-of-war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, Mr. President, I
am bound to say thatl think the Senator does
not understand it, which is saying a great deal,
because it is a rare thing that he does not un-
derstand anything before the Senate. Let me
tell my friend that he has totally misappre-
hended this question. Nobody has defended
or said anything about these ships being there
with a view to affect the judgment of that peo-
ple on the subject of annexation. The charge
was and has been ail the time that we were
upholding the. Baez government contrary to
T,faMr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot go into what
was said in secret session 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Neither can I, and I do
not intend to do so.
Mr. THURMAN. And I do not wish to do
that. But I can speak of what has been said
outside of secret session, and I can say to the
Senator that it has been said again anil again
and again that a pretended vote which they had
in Dominica in favor of annexation was under
the guns of American men-of-war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where was it said, and
by whom?
Mr. THURMAN. It has been said in a
dozen journals, in a hundred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Give us the name of one
man who has said so.
Mr. THURMAN. I would not pretend to
name them now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly it was prob-
ably said by that same thief, or some other,
who has been suitably characterized by the
Senator from Massachusetts as the stealer and
falsifier of his statements. But that is not the
point. The Senator from Ohio knows per-
fectly well that I agree with him entirety that
we ought not to annex the people of Dominica
without their consent; and I agree with him
still further, if he will agree with me, that on
my present information we ought not to annex
them with their consent.
Mr. THURMAN. I agree to that, too.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad to hear
that. Now, the Senator seems constantly to
misapprehend, and it astonishes me that he
does so, wliat this resolution is. We are fight-
ing the bugbear of annexation all the time;
and yet all that is proposed is, not to annex
anybody or to propose to annex anybody, but
to find out the physical and social condition of
a friendly people who now hold, de facto and
dejure, the reins of power in a tropical island.
That is the proposition. That is the proposi-
tion that I am for; not a proposition of annex-
ation. Now, if the Senator will keep in his
mind—and I have no doubt that he can at this
bright hour in the morning—the distinction
between these two cases, perhaps we shall not
disagree.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us read this resolu-
tion and see what these commissioners are to
report. They are to report on '1 the desire and
disposition of the people of the said republic
to become annexed to and to form part of the
people of the United States." That_ is the
mosi material thing in all this resolution. I
do not criticise the words here, "tobeannexed
to the people of the United States" instead
of being annexed to "the Government of the
United States." I never had any great love
of hypercriticism. That is the substance of
what is expressed by the Senator from Indiana
in his resolution; it is the most important
thing in the whole resolution; there is noth-
ing else in it that the Senate does not know,
substantially. Do we want to be taught by a
commission what the geography of the island
of San Domingo is?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. THURMAN. Yoa do? Then your
early education was much neglected. [Laugh-
ter.] Do we want to know what its history is,
when our library is full of it? Do we want to
sioners to inquire as to the desire and dispo-
sition of the people of Dominica on the subject
of annexation to the United States ; and I do
say that when you take that vote, however it
may be obtained, whether formally by the bal-
lot, whether viva voce, or whether by hunting
around for information in the best way the
commissioners can obtain it, it should be taken
without the "moral force" of American men-
of-war !
Mr. ED1IUNDS. I believe I can promise
that this is the last time I shall address the
Senate to-day or to-morrow on this subject,
and it shall be very briefly now.
I am inclined to the idea that it would be
well for us to obtain all the information we
can touching the island of San Domingo, its
resources, its climate, its geography, its lati-
tude and longitude, and its social position. It
may be that we are instructed about all these
things ; but if we are, we are much wiser than
we are about the Senator's own State. We
have thought it necessary within a year to pro-
vide for getting all this information about the
great State of Ohio. We wish to know how
many of its people can read and write. We
wish to know how many are black and how
many are white. We wish to know how many
cultivate farms, how many work in shops, how
many of them follow professions. We wish to
know how much corn they raise to the acre,
and how much whisky they drink a day for
aught I know. [Laughter.] We are desirous
of obtaining the statistics of our own country,
and of every State and of every county in it;
and no man, speaking seriously, is more de-
sirous of that information than the Senator.
Therefore, he will permit me to return to him
his polite epithet of leather and prunella "
when he talks with scoffs £bout obtaining in-
formation. He would almost make me believe
in those slanders, as I suppose they are, which
have been hurled against his party, that they
were the opponents of information; that they
thought the less one knew the better all the
world over; and that the true theory was, if
you were going to do a thing at all to "go it
blind." But I do not say so.
Now, as to the other part of the question,
. does the Senator suppose, or does any Senator
i suppose, that we can learn what the people of
I San Domingo wish without taking some means
j to ascertain it? Can we ascertain it without
I sending an inquiry among those people in some
! form? And if we are to be denied makingthe
wu. v - — -     ! inquiry ou the ground that if persons are sent
know what kind 0r people inhabit it, when I there it will have some influence on the result,
^ 4 it T .1 _  .1. ...A l\T. iUa  -v\ nnrtA
every Senator knows already as well as can
be ? Do we want to know whether it is a fruit-
ful island, when its productions and exports
are shown to us, and, as shown to us by the
Senator from Indiana, indicate its fruitfulness?
Do we want to know that it has minerals in it,
when nobody denies it? Do we know what its
latitude and longitude are? Do we want to
know what its climate is, when every reader
• on a tropical clime knows well enough what
i its climate is; when every officer in your Navy
j who has ever been on the West India station
I can tell you what its climate is? That is all
! "leather and prunella.''
I The whole substance of this resolution is in
! the lines thatl have read: what are the desire
and disposition of the people of Dominica on
the subject of annexation? That is all tnat is
worthy of the representatives of a free people |
considering the annexation of other people who
are free, that is all that amounts to anything.
How these commissioners are to find that out
I do not know. Whether they are to hold an
election, and whether that election is to be free
from the influences of the Baez government or
not, I do not know. Whether they are to in-
quire simply of the officials of the_ Baez gov-
s' eminent or those who are under its control,
jl or subject to its punishments, or subject to its
!j displeasure, I do not know; but the fact is
II that ihe resolution instructs these commis-
I do not see that we gain by the performance,
i It is very much like what a predecessor of
! mine, from my State, in this Chamber used to
! say about the Democratic party in the war:
i that they were very much in favor of the war,
' and equally opposed to any means for carry-
ing it on. . .
Mr. THURMAN. As to who is m favor of
obtaining information, let the votes that have
been taken voting down every amendment that
has been offered answer to the American peo-
ple. Tbat is my answer on that subject.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question, with his per-
mission.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WARNER. What amendment asking
for further information has been voted down?
Mr. THURMAN. What is the opposition
to this proposition?
Mr. SCHURZ. The first amendment that
I offered asked for further information.
Mr. THURMAN. The first amendment
that was offered asked for further information,
and it was voted down ; and I have a few that
I intend to offer, but which I expect will share
the same fate. I have not the slightest idea
of their adoption. I know that they aie
material, but I know they wili be voted own.
It is an illustration of the anecdote told by
my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,J
