1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1089
although, in the opinion of naval authorities,
we should have a yard even larger than the
Brooklyn yard close to New York. !
What, Sir. Speaker,, has been the experi- j
ence of late years as to attacks upon sea- j
ports? Is "it not that land fortifications are >
no adequate protection against the new spe- !
cies of war vessels which have been invented? j
The iron-clad vessels of our time can run by
almost any land fortifications, as was done by ;
Famigut at New Orleans even with wooden j
ships. In cass of war, how is New \ork to be j
defended 111 such an event except by gun- fj
boats, by obstructions to navigation, and the l;
like? How are these to be prepared and ji
fitted out and repaired and kept efficient with- j!
oat a nav^-yard? But it is proposed, as I un- ■!
olerstand it, that our protection at New York I
shall in that contingency be obtained from j
New London, over one hundred miles distant! ;
We might as well, sir, expect to obtain our pro- :
tection from Philadelphia or North Carolina. '
And what, Mr. Speaker, would be the result ;
of an attack upon New York by armed vessels |
that succeeded in passing the adjacent fortifi- !
cations? The result, of such an attack, sir, ;
would be to shake this country to its center, |
because there the financial interests of the >
country are concentrated. No man cares to |
contemplate the damage which would arise if
New York were subjected to the actual assaults
of an enemy's vessels along its wharves. That
this would happen in case of war is a not very
unlikely thing, as I have been assured by high
naval authority, should we be left without the
great base of supply, the great source of pro- ]
tectioa afforded by a navy-yard such as it is I
now proposed by this bill to remove to a point j
more than a hundred miles distant from New j
York, without provision being made for any
substitute. A proposition having in this re- |
spect, belt remembered, the recommendation j
of nobody connected wiih the Navy or with mil- '
itary affairs. For all the official recommenda-
tions I have seen are, as I have already stated,
in favor of the removal of this yard to some j
point in the immediate vicinuy where more ;
extensive accommodations than those now 1
afforded at Brooklyn could be had. In proof
of this statement I refer to the vaiious recom- ;
mendations embodied in the speech of my col- ;
league, [Mr. Slocuh,] as published in the j
Cxlobe of to-day.
[Here the hammet fell.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair,recognizes the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ketcham,]
a member of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that he may offer his amendment, which will
be considered as pending.
Mr. KETCH AM. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert the following:
That theSe'cretary of the Navy, Genera! William
T. Sherman, Admiral X). D. Porter, Brigadier Gen-
•gral A. A. Humphreys, chief of engineers United
Sip-tpi Army, and C.iptain C. P. Patterson, of the
Ooalst Survey service, be, and they are hereby, con-
st! tat ed a board to inquire whether it is desirable
aud for the best interests of the Government to sell
the navy-yard at Brooklyn, New York; and it in
their judgment, such saleshall bedeemed advisable,
the said board shall recommend ft suitable place in
the State and near the city of New York to which
the works in said yard shall be transferred; the action
ofs&id board to be reported.to Congress on or before
the 15th day of December, 1871.
Si-. DAWES. Is it not- rather strange to
name in our bill the members of this com-
mission?
Mr. KETCHAM. I am perfectly willing
that other names should be substituted.
Mr. DAWES. Is there anything in the
r'ti&cSr that there are gentlemen named in
this commission who have an interest in the
proposed new location ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield for a few
ifftroents to the chairman of the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say a word in reply to the gentleman from
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 69.
New York, [Mr. Potter,] who charges that we
are attempting to put this bill through without
allowing its opponents to be heard.
keturn of a bill to the senate.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a resolution of the Sen-
ale, directing its Secretary to request the House
of Representatives to return Senate joint res-
olution No. 235, ceding to the State of New
York Oyster Island, in the harbor of New
York, which passed the Senate and was sent
to the House of Representatives for concur-
rence on the 5th day of February.
There was no objection ; and the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be returned to the Senate.
removal op the brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, of the one
hour I was entitled to I took about five miu-
ates, not particularly to advocate the bill, but
to say to the House that it was one of great
importance and ought to command the atten-
tion of the House and ought to be discussed.
I yielded the remaining portion of my hour,
except about fifteen minutes, to the gentleman
from Brooklyn, [Mr. Slocum,] in whose dis-
trict this navy-yard is located. I yielded the
remaining poftioh of my hoar to the oppo-
nents of the bill; and after all that, halving but
three minutes, I yielded -to my friend from
New York, [Mr. Potter,] and Stilt he gets
up and compiiatris, as I utid'e¥ste«J, of me for
not allowing a fair debate. Before my time
expired I gave him all the time't had left. The
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] is recoguized, and now holds the
floor.
One word as to the amendment of my col-
league 011 the committee, [Mr. Ketcham.] I
have no objection to a commission being ap-
pointed to report to Congress on this subject,
and particularly as I have already said it is a
subject of great importance and requires the
utmost deliberation. But the concluding por-
tion of the amendment requires the commis-
sion to report a particular fact, no matter what
they may find : no.matter whether a suitable
place may be found near New York or not. I
think the amendment ought to be modified in
that regard.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man's time has expired, how doe's he now hold
the.floor?
The SPEAKER. He is sfSeaUingita th'etinre
of the ^entlenjan from Connectictit.
Sir. SCOFIELD. I think if the commission
be sent out it.s"ft<StiM be so constituted as to
inquire into all tlie'facts material, to the issu'e
and report them to Congress. We should not
confine it by law to report in reference to one
particular coucfusion. I thank the gentleman
from Conneclicut for his courtesy.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I wish to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.' Has my colleague [Mr.
Ketcham] the right to be heard on his amend-
ment? '
The SPEAKER. He only sought the floor
to offer it, and did not ask to debate the amend-
ment.
Mr. fiOTCHKIS'S. We want to be heard
on that amendment, and if we are to be cut
off by the previous question it is well for us
to know it. ,
The SPEAKER. The position of the bill
is this: it is in the rn#rning hour, and will
continue there for the entire session unless
disposed of.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker,
this is a very important question, but ,ft is'not a
new one. The removal of the Brooklyn navy-
yard has been discussed in the Committee on
NavalAffairs for more than a year. The atten-
tion of the country has beta directed to the
subject for two or three years. Three years
ago the Secretary of the Navy and the Bureau
of Construction called the attention of Congress
to this matter. In three subsequent annual
reports from the Secretary of the Navy the
attention of Congress has been called to the
matter. And contrary to what has been said
on the other side iff objection, that this was a
new question, and that there had not been time
t.o consider it, the public press of New York,
without exception, have discussed it during
the last year. I hold in my hand articles
taken from every prominent journal in the
city of New York—the Journal of Commerce,
the New York Times, the New York Evening
Post, the Army and Navy Journal, the New
York Tribune, the New York Sun, and the
Republic. Every one of these papers, not
once, but repeatedly, has called the attention
of the citizens of New York and of the coun-
try to it. And I may say that every one of
those papers, with one exception, has favored
the removal of that navy-yard. I refer to this
in order to show that this has not been done
in a corner. As I have stated, every promi-
nent journal of New York, with one excep-
tion, has from time to time declared that the
Brooklyn navy-yard was an incumbrance, that
the land there was too valuable to be used for
that purpose, that it had been laid out before
the city was developed, and that the navy-
yard ought to be removed to some more eligi-
ble situation.
In accordance with that view, on the motion
of the gentleman who represents the Brooklyn
district, [Mr. Slocum,] a resolution was re-
ferred more than a year ago to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. We had the subject under
discussion in at least a dozen sessions. Every
man. representing any interest in New York
or Brooklyn, or any other part of the country
that desired it, was heard. But no man from
New York or Brooklyn, with one single excep-
tion, appeared before the committee to make
objections. And, on the other hand, the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and every naval officer,'(he
different bureau officers. Admiral Godoh to
charge of the yard, Admiral Stringham iti
charge of the port, Commodore MeKinstry—
every officer who had had the matter under
consideration, stated that the yard ought to
be removed. And the evidence before the
committee was, that without regard to any
incumbrances, the property would sell for
$20,000,006. We therefore provide in our bill
that the property shall be sold on appraisal,
the appraisers to be appointed, two by the
Secretary of the Navy ahd t'wS' by thfe Secre-
tary of this in' pUJcdls, tiiat no lot
shall be' sold fo£"ll'SS' tfraft its .proportion* of
the ap'fSratsrfi' the T$H6te' v'alue, and that
the morfe^ o'btdirfeff sW&ll b&.dWve'red into the
Treas'ui-j. If I had bcin Solicitous, without
regard' to the interest o:t' the country, to liavS
p'rovidfe'd for ffew Loridoh, or if my friends,
Interested ifr L'eag'irfe Island, Without regard to
the interests of ttrt) country,"had been solicitous
to have it transferred and spirited away to
Philadelphia, we might pro )ably, by uniting
our forces, hive carried in the committee the
proposition that a portion of this $50,000,000
should be expended a't League Island ^n'd
New London. But *6 did 110 such thing. We
were willing thWt the proceeds of this prop-
erty, which Woiild' sMl'Ibr $26,p6r0,b00^-should
be covered into'tiaSTrWa's'ury, Slid fe r'eiyiipojl
the justice fttfd til®'nS&ri'W o'f ou'r c'd'se fsr,suci$
appropriation's aS m'ay K'e ngc^feiry uj5
those ySfdtl. If L*6h"dim haV fiferit's, as
it has, let it kt^nd'-'dA its m'srrt?. If League
Island h'as iWrits. 1ft its"c&se go to'tAi6 coun-
try on those merits. , Bat thVs gentleman from
New York [Mr. K1e&c1b£V] 1 1 as introduced his
amendment proposing"that t'ne navy-yard may
be removed t'o> point upth'eKorth river, lo'cked
up by th'6 ice thfee month's in the year and
located under the direction af a commission.
I do ask that this House shad not agree to ah
amendment of that character in opposition to
the views of the committee-
Mr. HAIGHT. Will the gentleman itllpw
me to ask him a question?
Mr. STARKWEATHER, i yield to the
gentleman for a question. ■ • :'
Mr. HAIGHT. Irtish to iMow if tWS Bill
