264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
that if the man who drew the resolution had
wanted it in he would have put it in. That is
the whole of it.
Now, the Senator from Vermont says we
have required cex-tain statistical information in
regard to the State of Ohio. Yes, sir, we have
required it. Does he require any such inform-
ation as that in regard to Dominica? Does he
require this commission to inform us how many
people can read and write in Dominica, as he
does in regard to Ohio by the census? Does
he require this commission to tell what are the
ages of the people; how many of them are
white; how many of them are black; how
many are yellow; and how many of them are
of shades of color that there is no language to
describe? Does he require this commission to
ask of the people of Dominica, as the Super-
intendent of the Census does of his assistant
marshals, to particularly distinguish between
cerebro-spinal meningitis and inflammation?
Does he tell these people, as the Superintend-
ent of the Census tells his assistant marshals,
that "death from intemperance is almost as
unsatisfactory aa death from cold water?"
[Laughter,] Does he do any such thing as
that? Does he require these commissioners
to report that living in a jail does not make a
man a householder? [Laughter.] No, sir,
nothing of the kind.
To treat the subject gravely, the whole mar-
row of this investigation is in the words I have
read, are the people of Dominica in favor of
annexation? If so, for God's sake, let them
have a free and unfettered vote ; do not give
them the "moral force" of ati American fleet.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 go back to the inquiry of
the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Abbott.] I have before me the statute
of February 25, 18G5, from which I read as
follows:
" That it> shall not bo lawful for any military or
naval officer of the United States, or other person
engaKod in tho civil, military, or naval service ot
tlio United Spates, to order, bring, keep, or have
under his authority or control any troops or armed
men at ttio place where any general or special elec-
tion is held in any State of tho United States of
America, unless it shall bo necessary to repol the
armed enemies of the United States or to keep the
peaoe at the polls."
The Senator will see that here is an act of
Congress regulating the disposal of the troops
of the United States to a certain extent, and
that the object of this act is to preserve the
purity of the elections. Now, all that is pro-
posed, as I understand, by the amendment
of my honorable friend from Missouri is to do
with regard to the humble people in Dominica
what thja act of Congress does for the people
of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. J desire to say one word about
this matter, which is that I do not raise here
any question upon the power of Congress to
order the withdrawal of a vessel from the bay
of Samana. I believe Congress can exert that
measure of authority. I shall vote against
this amendment, however, simply because I
do not want that vessel withdrawn from that
place, and 1 think, upon reflection, the Senator
from Missouri will conclude that he does not
wish to issue that command. 1 know the
goodness of his heart and the general sound-
ness of his principles. He does not believe
revolution to be the normal state of society.
He does not believe peace to be tho abnormal
slate of society.
But what does he say ? That a Government
exists in Dominica de facto and de jure. What
is his complaint? That one of our vessels is
stationed in a bay of that republic, with the
assent of that de facto and de jure Govern-
ment. And what is alleged to be the conse-
quence of tho abiding of that vessel there ?
That it is injurious to the naval service of the
United States? No one says that. That it
is a burden upon the Treasury of tho United
States? No one intimates that. The vessel
is in commission and must be stationed, and
for a great many national interests F can con-
ceive may well be placed there in the bay
of Samana, or in some other waters in that
latitude.
What, then, is the wrong done by that vessel
being there? It is said that it maintains the
government of Baez, and that without the
presence of that vessel there that government
must fall. What do Senators mean by that
declaration, and what, in view of that declara-
tion, does the Senator from Missouri expect to
accomplish by ordering the withdrawal of that
vessel but to precipitate the people of Dominica
upon the miseries of a new rebellion? It is
said it will be a successful rebellion; that is
to say, a rebellion which will dethrone, unseat,
the de facto and the de jure Government of
Dominica. Is that a blessing that the Sena-
tor from Missouri invokes upon the people of
that poor wretched island? And yet that is
the simple act, the maintenance of peace in
Dominica by sustaining a single vessel in those
waters without the burden of a dollar on the
Treasury of the United Stales—that is the act
which, if I understand the Senator from Mas- j
sachusetts, he lias more than once character- i
ized during this debate as the shame from
which he wished to save this Government.
Mr. SUMNER. In my judgment it is a
shame.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, my judgment
differs widely, broadly, from the judgment of
the Senator from Massachusetts on this point.
I do not think it is a shame. Nay, I think it
is the mildest step that can possibly be taken
toward that very protectorate which he has
avowed on the floor here to-night to be his
favorite policy with regard to these islands.
Mr. President, do we not give a wrong com-
plication to this whole matter ? I do not care
a fig for President Baez, nor a fig for Cabral ;
and I am afraid I do not care so much as I
ought even for the people of Dominica; but
what little care I have for any political or pub-
lic interest there is for the people. Will the
Senator from Massachusetts or will the Sen-
ator from Missouri stand up here and say that
the question whether Cabral, or Baez, or any
other individual shall be president of that re-
public is a matter of .sufficient moment to sac-
rifice a single life, I do not care how wretched
a one it may be, even of that people, much less
anything so terrible as would be a new revo-
lution in that already sufficiently distracted
country ? Sir, if by the maintenance of a sin-
gle vessel there peace is preserved, and at the
same time the supremacy of the rightful Gov-
ernment of Dominica, let the vessel stay there ;
we can afford it.
Since I have been provoked to get up, which
I obstinately did not mean to do, 1 am induced
to contribute one other remark to this debate,
and I know I do it at the peril of being counted
among those who assault the Senator from
Massachusetts. In one point of view the remark
I propose to make will seem like an assault
upon that Senator ; and yet I do not mean it
as a personal assault upon him, and I think he
will concede as much if he is as candid as he
usually is. The remark that I propose to make,
and I wish to call his especial attention to it,
is this: I did not hear the whole of the speech
of the Senator from Massachusetts, but, sir,
with more regret than I think I ever heard any-
thing asserted in the Senate, I did hear that
distinguished Senator declare and attempt to
prove that in the last official annual message
of the President of the United States, made to
the Congress of the United States, he had in-
serted no lessthan nine distinct menaces against
the independence of the republic of Hayti.
Ilayti is an independent Power, with which we
have diplomatic relations, and with which we
are on the most amicable terms. If the Pres-
ident made such threats against the independ-
ence of that Power, I do not hesitate to say that
it was a very grave offense in the President.
But if he has made those threats, I think every jj
Senator who loves his country will, noon the. Il
whole, conclude that it was the part of honest
patriotism and sound statesmanship to conceal
those threats, if concealment were possible ;
and if there be any man in this broad country
of ours who was especially, as it seems to me,
under obligations not to call attention to such
threats as those, it appears to me to be that
very distinguished Senator who occupies the
position of chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations in the Senate.
But, Mr. President, am I not justified by
what is the consciousness of every man within
the sound of my voice in saying that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, was not only
the first to call attention to these alleged threats
of the President, but is absolutely and without
exception the only man in all God's world
who has ever pointed them out to the public?
Mr. SUMNER. No, no.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says "no."
Then he has information that I have not.
Mr. SUMNER. I have.'
Mr. HOWE. I stand here most solemnly
to affirm that until I heard that charge made
by him on the floor of tho Senate I never had
heard it from any living being ; I never had
seen it in any organ; I never had conceived
that such an idea rested in the bosom of a
single liumau being. That was the state of my
mind and of my convictions when I heard him
make those declarations. If he has heard
them from other sources, I have only to repeat
that he has heard what I have not.
Sir, I said that I thought the Senator from
Massachusetts, occupying the relations he does
to this body and to the country, was the last
man who ought I o have called attention to those
threats, if the threats were in the paper. But,
sir, I canuot leave this point, there; for I am
bound to add my testimony to the testimony
of others who have spoken in this debate, when
I say that in my judgment, and upon my read-
ing of that message, there are not only not nine
threats, but there is not the ghost of one, not
a syllable of one, not a syllable in that portion
which the Senator read from that message w.hich
referred to Hayti; and in making this state-
ment I think I only assert what is the common
understanding of the whole Senate.
But, sir, if I hold that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would commit a great wrong against
the President and against the public welfare by
accusing the President of making these threats
when they were really made, by calling the
attention of the country and the attention of
the whole world to them when they were actu-
ally in the paper, what must be said, what must
be thought of that Senator, if it shall turn out
thathehas made that solemn accusation against
the Chief Magistrate of his own country in the
car of the whole world when the accusation
itself is without any foundation whatever ?
Of course the Senator may say that he believed
it to be there, whether it was there or not; but
if he believed it ever so firmly, when the rest
of the world was silent and dumb upon the
point, should he not have thought it his duty
as a prudent statesman to have gone to the
President, or to have gone to his Secretary
for foreign affairs, and inquired whether his
reading of the message were correct or not?
It seems to me I should have done as much as
that.
But, Mr. President, if I cannot hope that
the Senator from Massachusetts will withdraw
this declaration in the interests of peace, then
I did think it my privilege, if not my duty,
since I was induced to take the floor at all, to
add my testimony to the testimony of others,
that there is no threat in the message against
any Power in the world friendly with this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin has spoken, as he always does,
as becomes a Senator. I have no complaint
of his manner. He says that hs heard from
me for the first time that this message con-
