1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
sent to submit for action at this time a resolution
which I send to the Clerk.
"The resolution w<is real, as follows:
"liesolwJ, Tim the Committee on Printing be
instructed to inquire whether the contract for print-
ing the Congressional Ulobe has been so construed as
to permit two insertions of the President's annual
menage and oiher executive documents; and if so.
that said committee be directed to give notice to
the eonUuetors that but one such insertion will be
paid for. . ,
"Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, "hat resolution needs no
explanation, and I trust the House will pass it now.
"No objection boim: made, the resolution was
adopted." . 4, . .
In answer to your inquiry, we would say that m
the preamble and the lirsr nruole of the contract
(see lleport .No.ito, House of Representatives, Forty-
iJMrst Congress, second se.-sion)we find our authority
lor printing, and our obligation to print, the Presi-
dent's amnul message "in the proceedings of each
liou^e," in these words:
*■ The said parties of the first part, for and in con-
sideration ot the money hereinafter ugieed to be
p.tid unto them, do lieieby covenant and agree with
the said party at thesecond part as follows, namely:
To report promptly, by a corps ot compe-
tent repoito^sullicient lot that, pui pose, the debates
and pr.-eeedin<c>! ol e.ieh liousC of^Congre>s, lor and
during I he ses.-oona of the Forty-First Congress*."
Clearly ihe leading ot the President's annual mes-
sage in the House m ikes it a part oi the proceedings
ot the )ion>e, and the iending of the samepaperin
the Senate makes it, in UUe manner, a part of the
pioceed ngs ot Uic Senate. ^ i'o omit it from its
pioper plaee in the proceeding-, of either House
would be, we believe, a deieheiion of duty on our
part, jusily o.iltiug lor tiie censure, not only of the
ilou.-o t h a& slighted, but or boih Houses ot Congress.
To illustrate, it any illustration benecessaiy: let
it, be supposed tbat the llouae lias its contractor and
the Senate it- contractor, each separate fioui and
independent of the ot u>r,as was the case some years
ago, and .is may be the case agawt. Then, eertainly,
no question ^ucSi as that /.ivoived in the lesolution
could be laisscd. Surely, the mere laet that the two
llouse-o imly contract lor the reproduction ot their
debates ami proceeding-* cannot have any effect upon
what sh.ill eonsutute t hose pioceudmgs except in so
Jar ns it may b-> a matter ot jigiecinenr in the con-
tract it-elf. A ease precisely analogous to that
treated in (lie icsolution arises cveiy day when a
committee <4' eonlerence milker it^ report to the two
House-*. bur no one has ever questioned the propriety
of i neorporaimg sueb repot t into the proceedings ol
each House.
Whatever msiy have been the rule followed in the
past in leg.ird to punting the President's annual
message, it was doubMess in aecoidanee with the
am cement governing the execution ot the work at
the time. The ex i-iting eo'n tract, places upon u- manv
duties wliicn were never imposed upon ourjionoied
preUeecs-sor. ltalso injures to u^soino benefits which
lie never erjoyed; otherwise, we could not to-day
prosecute this work.
The resolution mentions executive documents
other than tiie President & annual message. As no
other exi'eu ive documents were lead in either
House, they did not become a part ot the proceed-
ings, and have not been printed by u^.
in answer to your request t hat we will " state what
extra amount lias been charged for pnniingiho mes-
sage of the President, December 6, separately in the
proceedings ol House and Senate," wo desito to say
that no " extra a nount has been charged " therefor.
Permit us to add, however, I,hat tiie dili'erence be-
tween what we have charged under the contractand
that winch it H prnpos -d by the resolution to pay is
irltlS 41. this is i he whole difference ot cost ot pub-
lication i:i the J) uiy Globe and in the en me number
of copies of the Congie^ional Globe taken by Con-
gress.
Th" position occupied by the annual message in
the Daily Globe of December 7 will, at a glance,
show io one <«f your iamiliauty with printing that
the t> pc w ed for it hat I lo be twice setup. But had
it been po-Mblc to print Ihemessage. twice from one
coiiipo.-ouon,\oo are aw.ire that the rules of the
Tyiivgraphie.il Union, to which every printing office
iii *ins eitv i^ more or less subject, would prevent ns
from thu> i^ing the tj pc a second tune without again
pa,\ lilt; the coinpo^uoi^ lor it.
lit view of the i iut th-it we are employed by Con-
gress, under a clearlj -defined contract, (a copy of
which io inclosed,) made by authority ol a law of
Congress*, we believe tn.it your committee and the
Hou<e ot llopresentativeswili agree with us that any
legislation m reference to said contract^must be by
both Houses oi Congress, and not by either House
separately.
In eonelu-ion, we desire to say that it is not on
account of the small amount ol money involved in
this question tbat we take exceptions to the resolu-
tion, but we contend for the integrity of the contract
to which we are a party; a contract which no one has
yet accused u> ot departing from in any particular.
We are, very respectfully,
y &■ J. RIVES & GEO. A. BAILEY,
Contractors Jor lirporting and Printing
the Debates of Congress.
Hon. A, II. Laflix, Chairman Committee on Print-
ing oj the House of ll"present(di.r,c<i.
A C, III (J (J i/i'U U A L UiH'O ill'.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Priming to report buck, with
tiie lecommeudaUon tbat it do puss, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 515) to print the agri-
cultural report for the year 1870.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, <S~c„ Thatthere be printed of the annual
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1870
two hundred and forty-five thousand extra copies,
two hundred thousand of which, includingten thou-
sand to be printed in the German language, shall be
for the use of the House, twenty thousand for the
use of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand for dis-
tribution by the Commissioner of Agriculturo.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Why does
not the committee recommend that the report
should also be printed in Welsh. Norwegian,
Scandinavian, and all tbe other languages ?
Mr. SAliGENT. I moveto amend the joint
resolution by striking oat the requirement that
a certain portion of the edition shall be in the
German language.
Mr. MUNGEN. Ihope thatwillnotbedone.
Mr. SARGENT, it unnecessarily increases
the expense.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If we once
begin this policy, I go for having the report
printed in all the languages.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we are
not going to have a polyglot publication of our
public documents, that we will not set about
printing them in all the languages of the peo-
ple who come among us. This is a national
Legislature; let us have a national language.
No petition has asked for this. German
Americans do not ask Cor it. The proposition
is gratuitous and unnecessary.
Sir. STEVENSON. I hopetheamendment
of the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar
gent] will not be agreed to. There are no bet-
ter farmers in this country than the Germans.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, it is but a simple
matter of justice that this report should be
printed in the German language.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that order
be preserved in the Hall.
The SPEAKKR. Unless better order is pre-
served, so that the business before the House
can be understood, the Chair had better enter-
tain a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to make one
remark. This will involve the cost of transla-
tion, and theii the cost of resetting all the type.
The cost of doing so will be nearly equal to
the cost of the regular edition. The ten thou-
sand copies will cost as much probably as the
two or three hundred thousand in English.
Mr. S I'E VENSON. Well, if the book is not
worth translating it is not worth printing.
Mr. SARGENT. Now, I think that the
immigrants who come here ought to learn our
language, and they do it very rapidly. Their
children attend our schools. We ought to have
a national language. We have a splendid lan-
guage, and it is accessible to all. Let us do
what we can to induce foreign immigrants to
learn it by printing our documents as hereto-
fore in the Enslish language.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There are hundreds
of thousands of Germans in this country who
are older than the gentleman and myself, and
soniei liing is due to that class of our population.
Mr. SARGENT. This will not furnish one
in a thousand with this book. I do not under-
value Germans. They are a steady, industrious
element of our population, and I wish we had
more of them. But it is no favor to them to
keep up distinctions, and it is a great injury to
the country. Let us consolidate our people,
erase distinctions, and promote by all.means
the adoption of our nervous and splendid lan-
guage among all comers.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. We ought at least
to give them ten thousand copies of this work
in their own language. They stand at the head
of agriculture in many sections of the country,
and I submit that something of this kind is due
to that valuable portion of our population.
There is not a State, so far as I know, but what
lias a large German population, many of whom
are engaged in agriculture.
The question was put upon Mr Satsgext's
amendment j and there were—ayes 79, noes 00.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for tellers.
Several members-called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DAWES. If the yeas and nays are to
be called I shall have to resume tbe floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yielded only for such matters as
could be disposed of by unanimous consent-
He gives notico that if the yeas and nays are
called lie must resume the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. No one asks for
the yens and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. Tellers aredemanded.
Wa cannot submit to this proposition.
Mr. DAWES. Then I must resume the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is nofc
before the House.
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 3064, making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1872.
and for other purposes.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
where it was suspended on Saturday last.
The following paragraph was read :
For naval station at New London, Connecticut:
care and protection of public property, $5,000.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
by striking out that paragraph and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
For necessary tools for construction of a navy-
yard, and for building wharf, preparing grounds,
commencing quay wall, and for permanent im-
provements for a navy-yard at the site accepted by
tho United States on Thames river, Connecticut,
$50,000.
I wish to be heard a moment in favor of
that amendment,.,
'Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise a point of
order on it.
The SPEAKER. AVhat is the point of
order?
Mr. FxVRNSWORTH. It is that this very
amendment has been voted down two or three
times.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This amend-
ment has not been offered. I offered an
amendment appropriating §100.000 for this
purpose, but I now offer it at $50,000, and this
is the appropriate place for it, as the gentle-
man said on .Saturday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is in
order.
Mr. STARKWFiATHER. I propose that
the amendment shall come in at this point,
where provision is made for a naval station at
Npw London. I tried it on Saturday wiih
$100,000. I now propose to try it at §50,000.
i said on Saturday that this naval station had
been accepted by the Government, that the
title had been accepted, and that we wore
entitled, as tbe Secretary of the Navy and his
predecessor both said, to an appropriation
from the Government. I hold in my hand,
and would like to read it if I had time, a re-
port of one of the most able boards of naval
officers ever organized in this country, consist-
ing of Admiral Stringham, Commodore Gard-
ner, Commodore Van Brunt, Engineer Sanger,
and others, who examined this question for
one year, who visited the various sites along
the Atlantic coast and Long Island sound, and
who reported to Congress, four or live years
since, in detail favorably upon this as a naval
station. I theref'oreask, without coming in con-
flict with the yard at Brooklyn, or at Charles-
town. or at League Island, or any other place,
for this appropriation. I place it simply upon
the report of that board and upon report of
one of the ablest committees ever organized
in this House, consisting of nine members, and
of which Hon. Mr. Rice-, of Massachusetts,
was chairman, who examined the matter fully
for one year, and all of whom but three
repotted in detail in favor of this site.
