1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-fcQBE.
February 27,
Mr. KELSEY. I feel constrained to de-
mand the yeas and nays. The House acted on
tlie same question a few days ago. If we mean
to do justice to this man we ought to make this
appropriation to pay him.
Mr. HOLMAN. The joint resolution passed
here under a misapprehension. It has not yet
passed the Senate.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was disagreed to; and the rules
were'not suspended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. KELSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
To enable the Clerk of the House to pay the labor-
ers on tho pay-roll of the Doorkeeper the same rate
of compensation as that received by the pages of the
House for the present session, $1,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
That explains itself. It is to give to the
laborers about the Capitol the same pay as you
give the pages upon this floor. 'They work
from ten to twelve hours.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
go back and insert t,he'amendment just adopted
sifter the following':
For the payment of pensions, under the act grant-
ing pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of tho
war of 1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers,
approved l'obrua ry 14,1871, $1,500,000.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The Clerk read as follows;
For custom-house, St. Paul, Minnesota, comple-
tion of tho building, $94,411.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
add the following:
Together with any unoxpended balances which are
or would otherwise b.o covered into the Treasury
under existing laws.
I will that state that is in accordance with
the view of the committee, and merely left oiit
by mistake.
Mr. DAWES. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For post officc and court-house. Now York, con-
tinuation of construction of the building upon plans
that shall limit tho ultimate cost of tho completion
of tho building above the sill course, to a sum not
excoedmg 000,000, and subject to no other limita-
tion, $1,304,897.
Mr. DAWES. I move after the word " lim-
itation" to insert the words "or restriction."
«The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ]?ARNSWORTH, I should like to have
from the gentleman from Massachusetts an
explanation of what is meant by " limitation
or restriction."
Mr. DAWES. There are two limitations
•which are modified by this provision. The
one which limited the whole cost of the build-
ing to $3,000,000 is so far modified as to limit
it to $3,000,000 for the work above the sill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object to
that.
Mr. DAWES. The other modification is
this: the original enactment also required that
not only should the amount be limited to
$3,000,000, but tliat.the work should not pro-
ceed at all until contracts had been made for
the entire completion of the building. It was
found to be impracticable to let all the con-
tracts for all the variety of work upon the
building beforehand, and for all the materials
before they were needed. For instance, no-
body would contract to furnish the iron work
required for the building to be delivered a
year or two hence, because nobody could tell
■what would be the market price of iron two
years, hence. The Department could get no
bids under such a rule as that.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Was it tried?
Mr. DA W ES. I understand it to have been
tried, and that the Department failed to get
bids ; that is the reason for this modification.
It is becau'fi it' the Department attempted to
contract im a building to be completed two or
three years hence, at an expense of $3,000,000,
part of the contract being for large iron work,
to be delivered two or three years hence, part
of it for other kinds of work to be delivered
two or three years hence, as nobody could
know what would be the effect of the fluctuation
of prices during that time, the result would be
that it would be necessary, if contracts were
taken at all, to have a very large margin to
cover that fluctuation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
argument very well. But there is another
limitation which was put upon the construc-
tion of these buildings by an act passed at the
instance of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] himself. It was, that the work
should be let to the lowest responsible bidder.
I understand that these words in the section
now under consideration repeal that limita-
tion—the words "subject to no other limita-
tion so that the Department may go on as
they have been going on and do this work just
as they please, giving it to the highest bidder
if the man s.uits them. I am sorry for this,
but I do not expect to remedy it, because I
suppose the gentleman from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, is omnipotent in this matter. I will
only express my sorrow that the gentleman's
back is so weakened that he now strikes out
modifications that he put into the acts passed
last year, which required the Government to
put up these buildings as a judicious, eco-
nomical private citizen would make up bis
plans beforehand, counting the cost and then
taking bids and letting his job to the lowest
bidder.
I see no reason why the Government canuot
ask proposals for furnishing iron in advance
for the construction of a public building, that
would not apply to a private citizen who was
completing a large block, and who issued pro-
posals under the direction of an architect for
every conceivable thing required in the con-
struction of the block. There is no reason for
it except this : to foster and keep afloat fraud-
ulent contractors who are not the lowest bid-
ders, but the highest bidders for this work.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the last
word, in order to say that when it was determ-
ined that we would not compel the contract for
the whole building to be entered into in advance,
of course it became necessary to modify the
other condition of letting the work to the lowest
bidder. I agree that I drew the amendment to
which the gentleman has referred, and I agree
that I have tried to enforce it. But, sir, two
things have occurred. I have found out that
it was necessary, in order that this building
might not be built on the sand, that we should
sink it thirty feet belo*y the surface. And, Mr.
Speaker, in doing that we got a very large addi-
tion to our room. But it added between eight
hundred thousand and one million dollars to
the expense. I became satisfied, therefore,
that the building could not be completed within
the original $3,000,000. But in order to keep
a limit on the expense, having that purpose
constantly in view, however weak the back
may be, we put the limitation in the language
in which it is now expressed; and because we
have been learning—although I do not know
but that we ought to have known better at the
first—the whole committee were unanimous
in the conviction, after having examined the
matter very thoroughly, that it was impracti-
cable, unless you gave a very large margin, to
contract for the whole building at once.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Farnswomh]
says that the purpose of this modification is to
foster fraudulent contractors. Now, my friend
does not mean that exactly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not mean that
my friend from Massachusetts intended it. I
will state what I mean. I mean that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has given way, and
I express my regret that he has given way to
the importunities of these persons, who have
already got contracts which are fraudulent-
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says the foundation is a sandy one.
I would ask the gentleman if he is not aware
that that is the best foundation we can have
except rock 1
Mr. DAWES. I think that rock is better
than quicksand.
Mr. BENTON. It is not quicksand ; and
sand is better than clay for a foundation.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I have here the testi-
mony of five of the best architects in the city
of New York, all of whom swear that they
cannot get so good a foundation anywhere,
that sand is better than clay; and I think that,
is the experience of all architects.
Mr. SARGENT. Large excavations bad to
be made, and in order to keep back the sand
the heaviest timbers that could be procured
had to be used. This building is at an angle
of two streets ; and the pressure from the sur-
rounding streets was so great that those tim-
bers have been broken, and the work has con-
stantly required strengthening with all sorts
of appliances to prevent the sand pressing in
on the building and filling up the excavation.
Now, they have had to dig down thirty-six
feet—twenty feet lower than they expected—
to get a foundation. They have been com-
pelled to carry the b.uilding down thirty-six
feet, and the space has had to be filled in with
heavy granite. It has made more room in the
basement of the building; but the result has
been that the large area from which the satid
has been removed has had to be surrounded
with heavy granite walls of immense strength
in order to stop the tendency of the sand to
flow into the opening which was made. It
will give us, instead of one story underground,
tw.o stories } it amplifies the accommodations
of the building; but, of course, a very large
amount of sand had to be removed and re-
placed by something of the most impenetrable
character, and that something has been great-
blocks of granite put in all round the excava-
tion with cross-walls, and the work has not
been carried to a greater extent than was abso-
lutely necessary under the exigencies of the
case. If the gentleman has visited the place,
as I have done, and seen the enormous excava-
tion required on account of the nature of the
sand, he must admit that some cost, a,t any
rate, beyond the original estimate was neces-
sary ; and that no greater cost than was abso-
lutely required has. resulted must be apparent
to every fair-minded man who. is without a
theory to sustain.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not been
arguing in regard to the cost of the building
at all, but as to the limitation with regard to
the contracts. I offered my amendment for
the purpose of getting some information as to
what this clause meant, and I said that it
appeared to be intended to remove the restric-
tion which required that the contracts should
be let to the lowest bidders. The gentlemen
immediately run off upon the question of the
sand foundation there. They run into the
ground about lhat matter; for it is the expe-
rience of all architects, as I have said before,
that a sand foundation is better than a clay
foundation. I have here the testimony of
five architects, Mr. Le Brun, Mr. Hunt, Mr.
Schulze, and two others, whose names will be
familiar to all gentlemen from the city of New
York, who all swear that this sand is a good
foundation for the buildings Why, sir, is it
that not one of the architects of that city ever
discovered-that it was a poor foundation, and
that it required an architect to come from
Washington to find it out? Sir, it is the i-heer-
est and shallowest pretense, all this gabb'e
about a sand foundation. It is well under-
stood by everybody there that the foundation
of this building is. a good foundation. But
that is not the point that I wish to debate.
My point is, that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has so modified the law that he him-
self made last winter as that contracts may be
continued which have been made in defiance
of the laws of the country and in defiance of
economy, contracts which have been made
with the highest and not with the lowest bid-
