266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
yet I should like to have that ghost laid. I
therefore propose this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. THURMAN. On that amendment I
must ask for the yeas and nays. ["No!"
"Ho!"] Oh yes, 1 will.
Several Senators. It will save time to let
it go.
Mr. THURMAN. I know it will, but I want
gentlemen to make their mark on this propo-
sition. You all want information. Now give
us this information.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am almost
sure that no final vote will be taken on this res-
olution until about breakfast-time, and hence
the intervening period might as well be con-
sumed in conversation as in calling the roll.
I understood my honorable friend from Ohio
to say that there was no necessity, for the pas-
sage of this bill on the grounds alleged by the
mover; that our Library was full of informa-
tion; that it was totally unnecessary to send oat
a board of commissioners ; and yet in less than
two hours' time from the delivery of that speech
the Senator seems to be more anxious than any
other member of the body for information—
every species of information, suggested by
every variety of amendment, relevant and irrel-
evant to the general subject of inquiry.
But, sir, is it true in point of (act that the
Senate may not need additional information ?
That leads mo to refer to the action of the
Committee 011 Foreign Relations, intrusted
with the examination of the treaty to which
allusion has been made, i feel warranted in
making this allusion by the example set me by
the honorable chairman of that committee. I
understood him to say that when this subject
first came up for consideration before that
committed, where it had beeu sent by order
of the Senate, every member except one was
opposed to its ratification.
Mr. SUMNER. No; my friend does not
state precisely what I said. I said there was
only one member of the committee who said
anything in its favor. That was my statement.
Mr. HARLAN. I am gratified to have the
exact words of the honorable Senator, for it
answers my purpose as well as my own im-
perfect quotation, and I desire to be correct.
Only one member \vho said auything in its
favor, because only one was prepared to utter a
distinct opinion on the subject. I will say for
myself why I was not at that time prepared to
utter any opinion pro or con. It was for the
want of information. No member of that com-
mittee, not excepting the chairman himself,
seemed to me to be well informed on the subject.
I freely admit I was not, and, as fur as 1 was
able to judge from the discussion, others were
in a similar condition. They did not seem to
me to beable to arrive readily at a conclusion
either for or against its ratification. And the
honorable chairman, for whom I entertain the
greatest respect, will pardon me for saying that
1 was notable to understand from him what his
judgment was for several weeks after that
treaty went to committee. He may have had
distinct opinions, a judgment fully made up
from the first; and he may have carefully con-
cealed this conclusion of his own mind, from a
sense of duty. He may not have deemed it
proper to make an early announcement, lest
this might have unduly influenced the judg-
ment of others. And I have no desire to
criticise his course.
It is a pleasure to me also to state that the
honorable Senator aided the members of that
committee in this investigation by bringing to
the subject all his great learning and ripe expe-
rience. And yet, it seemed tome—he will par-
don mo for this freedom—even that honorable
Senator did not appear always to be certain of
his facts, even after gleaning from the State
Department, the Congressional Library, fugi-
tive books, such as gazetteers, travels, maps,
and charts, and also the recollections of offi-
cers of the Army and Navy who had visited the
island or cruised in the adjacent waters. After
exhausting all available sources of knowledge,
as it seemed to me, the members of the com-
mittee were still in great doubt and came to
conclusions reluctantly.
That was the impression made on my mind
at the time, and I do not believe that the Sen-
ate was better informed than the committee.
I conclude that what was then true is still true.
If so, the resolution ought to be adopted and
I am at a loss to know why its adoption should
be opposed by any member of this body.
I am at equal loss to know why any member
of the Senate should feel it to be his duty to
criticize the action of the President in relation
to the treaty to which allusion has been made.
It has been intimated that the President pur-
sued an irregular line of action in negotiating
with the republic of Dominica; but anyone
who has taken the trouble to consult with the
President upon the subject, and who is not
opposed to annexation, cannot fail to justify his
course- or to .believe that the President acted
in the utmost good faith. I do not feel at
liberty to repeat anything that he has said to
me on that subject, but I may, perhaps, be
permitted to state what has since become noto-
rious, without regard to the original sources
of information.
What are the facts then, Mr. President, as
we all now know them to have existed ? The
Chief Magistrate of this nation was informed
by representatives from the Dominican repub-
lic that they desired annexation to the United
States. The President was not prepared to
act definitively ou the subject at once. He
knew, what cannot be unknown to the more
experienced members of this body, that this
Government has been striving fruitlessly from
its foundation to obtain a footing in the West
Indies. This is the tradition of the State
Department. It is in strict harmony with every
official paper that has come to the Senate in
any capacity. It is not unknown to some mem-
beis of this body that no foreign Government
has consented until within a very few years
even to entertain a proposition to cede to the
United States a foot of soil in the West In-
dies, not even enough ground for a coal-yard.
They have carefully excluded our flag from the
insular part of this continent. They seemed
to take offense even at the mention of the
subject.
Knowing this chapter of the secret history
of bis country; believing with the greatest of
his predecessors that our interests as a great
commercial nation required some such acqui-
sition ; knowing that they had all failed appar-
ently 011 account of the unjust jealousy of other
great Powers ; and now, having the unexpected
offer, on reasonable terms, of what ourcommer-
cial interests seemed to demand, wasit strange
that he should attempt to consummate the
arrangements, and that in doing this he should
have adopted means first to inform himself in
relation to the reliability of the information
that was submitted to him by the organs of
the Dominican Government, and of the desire
of the people to unite their destinies with the
people of this country ? Not wishing to attract
the attention of foreign Governments to the
subject by making a parade of officials, lest the
jealousy of other nations might be aroused,
he did adopt irregular means to secure such
results. He sent down gentlemen on whose
integrity and intelligence he relied to obtain
the desired information, with instructions, if
the facts should accord with the statements
made to him by the agents of that Govern-
ment, to enter formally into a contract, with a
view to its submission to the Senate for its
constitutional action.
The facts ascertained by these gentlemen did
accord with the representations made by the
agents of the Dominican Government; the con-
tract was entered into; and here the irregularity
ended ; for we are told that the President of
the United States then called on the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations of this
body. He put himself immediately in com-
munication with his constitutional advisers, the
American Senate, by waiving etiquette, and,
instead of sending a messenger for the honor-
able chairman of that committee, he left the
Executive Mansion and visited him at his own
parlors, for the purpose of having an uninter-
rupted, informal, and free conversation with
the Senator whom he understood to be the
organ of the Senate on that subject; and, as has
been further elicited by the debate and con-
firmed by the statements made by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, the Presi-
dent left his parlors impressed with the con-
viction that the proposition would meet his
hearty support. Acting on this conviction, he
submitted the proposition for- a treaty to the
Senate. Now, in this whole procedure, in what
does the President deserve censure, unless it
was for achieving by irregular means what the
greatest of his predecessors had tried in vain
to accomplish? If the President was misin-
formed as to the honorable Senator's views
when he left the parlors of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations it is clear,
I think, from the facts stated by the honorable
chairman himself, that it was not the Pres-
ident's fault. Then why should he bo criti-
cised for acting in the line of the policy of his
predecessors, lrom the very beginning of the
Government down to the present moment?
Why should he be so severely criticised for
what is alleged to have been the unusual char-
acter of the means adopted by him to secure
this consummation, when he knew that his pre-
decessors, adopting regular means, all failed?
He succeedcd, as he usually does, by the
adoption of direct means for the achievement
of his purpose.
I have it not in my heart to criticise the con-
duct of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts. I know that he always acts from the
purest motives, and sustained by the largest
intelligence and the most exalted patriotism.
But, sir, the truth of history requires that I
should assert the same for the President. He
might have withheld the treaty afterithad been
signed. He doubtless would have done so had
he believed that less than two thirds of the Sen-
ate would approve it. That the President was
misled on this point is due to the unfortunate
language used by the honorable Senator in this
grave consultation. Thatthe Senatorintended
to deceive the President I do not for a moment
believe ; that the President was misled by the
Senator's language is equally clear. Shall the
Chief Magistrate of the nation be censured
because the Senator from Massachusetts was
unfortunate in the uso of terms ?
It has been said that this proposition was
rejected by the Senate of the United States.
It is not unknown to every intelligent citizen
of this country that a minority of the members
of the Senate have the power, under the Con-
stitution, to defeat a treaty; and it has already
become patent that a majority of the members
of this body are in sympathy witlrthe views
of the President 011 this subject. That being
true, it is probable, I think, that his views are
in harmony with the views of a majority of the
people of the United States ; and this would
justify Congress, as it seems to me, in elicit-
ing the information which would have been so
useful to the Senate's Committee on Foreign
Relations, if it could have been obtained in
time to enlighten their judgment on the treaty
which was rejected.
There have been a few observations submit-
ted in this debate that I think, perhaps, were
dropped for political effect. If it be the pur-
pose, it is said on the other side of the Cham-
ber, to adopt this resolution without amend-
ments for the purpose of preventing a thorough
investigation, then the minority will submit
to the domination of the majoiity, and let
them take the responsibiliiv, I suppose ac-
cording to parliament..]} l.«vv th.- friends of a
