1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted on its amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1829)
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812, and the widows of
deceased soldiers, had agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the House on the disagreeing
v(otes of the two Houses, and had appointed
9,s conferees on the part of the Senate Mr.
Howell, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Davis.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted on its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2586)
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes, had agreed
to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed as conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate Mr. Cole, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Blair.
NAVAL APPEOPRI^TtOH BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session and continued
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2789)
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes.
The Clerk read as follows:
For musical instruments, and music for vessels of
war, $1,000.
Mr. CONNER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out tke paragraph just read. I cannot
understand the object of appropriating $1,000
for music for vessels of war. 1 would like to
hear from the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washburn,] who has charge of this bill, some
explanation of the object of this appropria-
tion. What particular vessel, or what partic-
ular officer, requires an appropriation of $1,000
for musical instruments ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This
music, as the gentleman is well aware, is made
use of on board of our naval vessels. This
appropriation is intended to keep up the sup-
ply of musical instruments.
Mr. CONNER. Pianos, guitars, and the
like of that?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Martial
music, of course. The gentleman, I believe,
has been in the Army, and ought to know what
kind of instruments are made use of.
Mr. CONNER. My experience has taught
me that the only music which an Army or
Navy officer needs when acting in the defense
of his country is the music attending the dis-
charge of cannon and small-arms. 1 ask for a
vote on my amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
l?or drawing, engraving, and printing charts, dec-
t retyping and correcting old plates, preparing and
publishing sailing directions, and other hydrographio
information, $10,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I think the Committee on Appropriations
ought to give u§ some reasons for making what
to be a very small appropriation for the
purposes named in this paragraph. An appro-
priation of §10,000 will give us very little
hydrographio information, such as is needed
for the use of our navigators traveling more or
less upon the various oceans of the globe. It
seems to me quite time that the Committee
on Appropriations should take hold of this
subject and investigate it, so that some means
may be devised whereby our Navy Depart-
ment may possess hydrographio chart3 inde-
pendently of Great Britain. At present we are
dependent on the British hydrographio bureau
for all our information of this kind. In time
of war we should have little or none if this
source of information were cut off. I think
if we make any appropriation for this object
it ought to be larger, and that some system
should be devised for a better mode of obtain-
ing the sea geography of the globe.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
^®PQ|gtbe amendment. The gentleman from
[Mr. B.aooxs] well knows that so
far as our own coast is conceraed it is pro-
vided for by the Coast Survey, and the eharts
are made by that branch of the service. The
question is whether we shall enter into a sys-
tem of making surveys and charts for the rest
of the globe, when sucb surveys have already
been made and charts prepared at the expense
of another poultry.
The Department asked for an appropriation
of f30,000 for this purpose. The committee
recommend a reduction to $10,000, believing
that there is no public necessity that our Gov-
ernment should embark upon the policy of
establishing a great hydrographio bureau. The
charts of the British admiralty are now used
by us. We have as much benefit from them
as if they were prepared by our ow  Govern-
ment: and if war should arise between this
country and Great Britain it is not likely that
we should be deprived of the charts we already
have, which are ample for all purposes.
Mr. BURDETf. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph so as to make the amount of the
appropriation $30,000. I wish to add a single
word to what has been said on this subject by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brook?.]
Since the Government, by the establishment
of the Hydrographio Office, has taken charge
of this matter, private enterprise, which pre-
viously supplied the ordinary commerce of the
country with maps, charts, and sailing direc-
tions, is no longer able to supply these requi-
sites for our commerce: and the Hydrographio
Office, which is so poorly provided for, is con-
tinually .called upon by the masters of our
merchant vessels for the charts and sailing
directions necessary.for use upon the ocean.
The present scanty appropriation is not suffi-
cient to keep the supply as full as it should be.
And in my judgment, Mr. Chairman, it is not
in accordance with the dignity of this great
country that we should let other nations fur-
nish the world with all the information neces-
sary for the navigation of the seas. . On the
contrary, we ought to step forward and will-
ingly do our share toward earrylr^j on success-
fully all those great enterprises which have
their homes upon the ocean. I hope we will
begin to do it in this plaee by making an
adequate appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Thegen-
tleman's proposition is that we shall go on
and make surveys in other parts of the world,
where already surveys have been made by
Great Britain.
Mr. BURDETT. I do not so propose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Does he
propose that we shall copy those maps'/ Is
that his proposition ?
Mr. BURuETT. I prefer to make my own
answer. My answer is that tke world has not
yet done with the survey of tke ocean. We
are constantly enlarging our borders, and our
commerce is going into seas heretofore never
surveyed. 'It becomes our duty, therefore, to
perform our share of these surveys in order
to supply our commerce with the necessary
charts.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment; and I will simply say
that there is not the slightest necessity tor this
appropriation at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose we had a chart
of the Ocean isles iu the Pacific, upon which
the Saginaw Tjias wrecked, does not the gentle-
man know that the money saved in preventing
the loss of that vessel would have paid all these
expenses for many years to come?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand we have a chart of these islands.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand we have no
chart of the island upon which the Saginaw
was lost. If it had been surveyed aud mapped
the vessel would not have been lost.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
is no necessity for this appropriation, aud I
hope it wilt be voted down.
The amendment of Mr. Burdbtt was dis-
agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment ot' Mr. Brooks, of New York,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will modify
my amendment by saying $5,000 instead of
$10,000. Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to
take any part in this discussion. I care little
whether the whole appropriation is stricken
oat; for if anything is to be done something
uiore than $K).0\K) should be appropriated. ■
I rise new merely to reply to some remarks
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
bpsn'] on the other side. He seems to feve
taken in the idea that it is out duty to be
wijollj submissive to Great Britain in the
matter of sea charts in the geography of the
globe, and that we ought to be content with
her surveys. It is not an American sentiment.
It is not worthy of the honorable gentleman
who has uttered it. He might as well tell us
that we should be content with British art and
British science as with matters of that sort.
Nor is it iu consonance with the precedents of
our Government. We have not acted on such
a policy. The officers of oar Navy traverse
the whole globe, more or less. Under acts
of Congress they have made surveys froia the
expedition under Commodore Wilkes to tk$
Antarctic ocean, down to Commodore Lynch,
who was even authorised by oar Government
to survey the inland Dead sea. The whole
policy of the Government hitherto has been
to be independent of all other nations, to have
our own charts, our own surveys, our own
comprehension of the globe, which our own
navigators are in the habit of following when
sailing upon the high seas. That is a suffi-
cient answer to that part of the gentleman's
remarks. If we .do anything at all let us do
something more worthy of our county- in the
survey of the globe. Our ignorance of the
Midway islands, midway between San Fran-
cisco and Japati, was the destruction of one
of our largest naval vessels. The loss was of
incalculable value to our couDtry in life, if
not in property. That loss was occasioned by
our utter ignorance of those islands} and who
will doubt that they ought to be surveyed and
mapped when they lie in the way of our steam-
ers traveling from San Francisco to Japan?
If we had had a proper bydrographic chart of
the Pacific ocean that loss of life would not
have occurred. Let us do something worthy
of this great country, independent of Great
Britain ; or let us abolish the whole thing and
strike out the item altogether, trusting our-
selves to the surveys of Great Britain in time
of war as welt as in time of peace.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York will piease indicate what is his
amendment, as it has not been sent to the
Clerk.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I proposed
to reduce the appropriation from $10,000 to
§6,000: but I would rather stand by the ori-
ginal proposition, and move to strike out the
paragraph.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object
to striking oat the entire paragraph, for I
believe it is very necessary and very proper to
have an appropriation sufficient to cover the
expenditure of making the changes in the
eharts and annotations which are constantly
becoming necessary. But as I understand
the remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,} he would have this Govern-
ment embark 111 a system of surveys over the
whole globe, notwithstanding that surveys have
already been made which are perfectly accu
rate and reliable. Am I to understand the
gentleman that for the purpose of maintain-
ing the charter of Americanism for himself
and the couutry he would have a harbor or an
inlet surveyed that has already been surveyed
accurately by Great Britain., and in regard to
which accurate charts already exist? Am I so
to understand the gentleman?
