1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
der. I wish he would pi^t iuto the law what
he did last year, requiring that the contracts
for this work shall be let after due advertise-
ment, and to the lowest bidder. That is all I
desire to say.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend this para-
graph so as to increase the appropriation $100,
for the purpose of saying a few words. This
is a matter in the discussion of which I would
prefer not to enter; but inasmuch as I am a
member of the committee that considered this
question, and one of a very small minority,
politically speaking, upon that committee, it
has been deemed proper, by some of my friends
at least, that I should say something in regard
to it.
I voted for this limitation confining the ex-
penditure upon this New York post office build-
ing to $3,000,000 at the time the limitation
was proposed, believing that a suitable build-
ing could be built for that amount of money,
including the foundation. At the time, how-
ever, this-limitation was proposed upon the
appropriation heretofore made it was sup-
posed that the building would need but an
ordinary basement story, which would prob-
ably not cost more than $200,000. If that
had proved to be practicable, then I presume
that the $3,000,000 proposed to be expended
for this purpose wpuld have been sufficient for
the construction of a very respectable building.
But, whether truthfully ov not, it has been
represented to the Committee on Appropria-
tions by persons entitled to credence, by. men
in whom the committee have every confidence
and in whom the committee have every reason
to have confidence, that it is not safe to put
such a building upon so shallow a foundation,
upon a single basement story merely. It has
been determined, therefore, to go down twenty-
six feet below the surface, as has already been
stated, and we are entirely satisfied, from all
that we have heard upon the subject, that that
is absolutely necessary in order to secure such
a foundation as a great structure like this
should rest upon in such a soil as this.
Mr. FAHNS WORTH. Had they not already
gone down that twenty-six feet last winter,
when the appropriation, was made to which I
have referred?
Mr. NIBLACK. Upon that point I have no
information ; I can only speak of the inform-
ation I had when 1 voted for this $3,000,000
limitation. But whether the soil required so
deep a foundation, to be laid or not, 1 for one
believe that it is but prudent to sink the found-
ation at that place to that extent, and for this
reason : there is much said now about build-
ing underground railroads in New York city
for street railway purposes. Now, I think we
ought to go deep enough there so that no un-
derground railway can run under or interfere
with this building, and thereby endanger its
safety hereafter. I think the foundation should
be put down below everything that can come
hereafter along that part of the city.
Besides, this is one of the buildings I am not
disposed to higgle about. In the great com-
mercial metropolis of this country, as is the
great city of New York, I think all will agree
that if we build a building there at all we
should erect such a structure as will not only
be in keeping with the city in which it is built,
but which will also be an honor to the country.
In other words, I am in. favor of constructing
such a building as will be fitting and proper
for this Government. Now, in the city of New
York not only are the largest .portions of our
revenues, collected, but a great portion of them
are expended there. And if there is any
place on this continent where we ought to put
up a safe, useful, capacious, a.nd attractive
public building that place is the city of New
York; and therefore I am not disposed to hig-
gle about a few hundred thousand dollars
when I think the safety, as well as the general
character of this building, is involved.
1 believe that the proposed amount is not an
extravagant one in addition to the $3,000,000
to which we propose to limit the expenditure
upon this building above the surface of the
ground. Therefore, after having given to this
subject much attention, I assented in the com-
mittee to the insertion of this paragraph. I
believe that under all th« circumstances it is
proper, and as such I voted for it in the com-
mittee, and I am prepared to vote for it here;
and I am willing to assume all the respons-
ibility of doing so. I now withdraw my
amendment.
The question was upon the motion af Mr.
Faunsworth, to. strike out the words "and
subject to no other limitation or restriction."
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I want to leave the
law as it was before.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. PAINE, of Georgia. I move to amend
by adding to the pending paragraph the fol-
lowing: •
For the erection of a Government building at
Savannah, Georgia, upon plans which will insure
its completion for the sum of $250,000, half of which
sum is hereby appropriated, to wit, $125,000; the
said building to be built and used as a post office
and United States court-rooms.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not m accordance
with existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Ghair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For post office and sub-Treasury, Boston, Massa-
chusetts: continuation of construction upon plans
that shall limit the ultimate cost of said building to
a sum not exceeding #1,500,000, and subject to no
other restriction, $942,574.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words "limitation or" before the word
"restriction" in the clause just read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
in the clause, as amended, the words " subject
to no other limitation or restriction." I wish
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that according to the restriction of the existing
law this building is not to cost more than
$1,500,000, a sum double the amount which
one of the commissioners estimated it should
cost. Mr. Hardy, a very large builder of the
city of Boston, who was one of the commis-
sioners in selecting the site for this building,
says, in a letter to the Secretary of the Treasury :
"As to the probable cost of the new post office in
Boston, I beg to state the city hall, in this city, fire-
proof, and in every respect as good a building as the
Government should erect for a post office, covers
13.927feot of land—squarefeet.
" It cost complete, to receive its furniture, with
steam-heating boilers, <&c., $440,000, or $31 70 per
square foot.
"Furnished with every conceivable convenience
it cost 8505.000, or $36 2.5 per square foot. Our most
costly dry-goods stores cost lroin fifteen to twenty
dollars per foot.
"I am now contracting for a building, fire-proof
up to the third floor, for banks and insurance com-
panies, with heavy vaults, a very superior building,
co v cling 11,500 feet, of land, at a cost of about twenty-
two dollars per foot.
"I am therefore clearly of the opinion that the
post office may be erected and meet every reasonable
want of the Government at a price not exceeding
8800,000."
It is now proposed that the cost of this build-
ing shall be limited to $1,500,000. How much
it may amount to no one can tell, when we
remember that limitation after limitation of
this kind has been disregarded by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the supervising archi-
tect. After this large builder in Boston,_ him-
self interested in havingerectedagood building
which should be a credit to the city as well as
to the Government, has estimated that this
building should not cost more than $800,000,
we now propose to limit the cost to $1,500,000.
That is the wav the money goes.
Mr. T WICllELL. I wish to say but a single
word ill reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth.] Mr. Hardy,
whose letter to Secretary McCulloch of March,
1868, and before any plans or estimates had
been prepared, has been read, is reliable and
responsible ; but he would not contract to con-
struct this building for anything like $800,000.
The city hall referred to in the letter is a good
building but not entirely fire-proof, the upper
part being in part wood, and was not con-
structed throughout of new material, a portion
being second-hand. Besides, it is a build-
ing of entirely different character and less
expensive.
The amendment of Mr. FarnswoKth was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For post office and court-hou.se, Omaha. Nebraska:
continuation of the construction, $25,00©, together
with any unexpended balance heretofore appropri-
ated.
Mr. TAFFE. I move to amend the clause
just read by making the amount of the appro-
priation $50,000. I wish to make a statement
in explanation of this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I reserve, till the gentleman
makes his remarks, the right of making a
point of order on the amendment.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, at the time this
improvement wascoramenced the Secretary of
the Treasury was called on to make a recom-
mendation as to the public buildings for ihe
purposes specified. He returned a list which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and which I believe the honorable chair-
man of that committee thought rather extrava-
gant an d asked the Secretary to revise. Accord-
ingly the Siecretary sent in another list of build-
ings, among which was the post office at Omaha.
After the first appropriation was made the citi-
zens of Omaha subscribed and paid $25,000
for the purchase ot the land on which this build-
ing was to be erected.
Now, I cheerfully ad'mit, and will not under-
take to disguise the fact, that we want a build-
ing which shall cost more.than one hundred
thousand dollars. After we have had an ap-
propriation of $25,000, after we have had the
implied promise of the Governmeat that the
building shall be prosecuted, after the citizens
of Omaha have themselves purchased the,
ground at a cost of $25,000, we think it not
unreasonable that t:he appropriation in this
bill should be increased to $50,090. I hope
the amendment will not be considered, as obi-
noxious to the objection raised by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. I will not urge thi 
appropriation on the ground that it is all the
S.tate gets ; but it is a fact that we do not hap-
pen to have large rivers running through the
State, or lakes which require to be excavated ;
hence we cannot ask immense appropriations
for rivers, and harbors; but we ask the con-
struction of this building as necessary for the
accommodation of the Government officers-
and on account of the commercial importance
of Omaha. I hope the amendment raising the
appropriation in this bill to $50,000 will be
agreed to. This is in accordance with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I will yield now to hear what is the point
of order indicated by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I dislike to.
raise a point of order oil my friend from. Ne-
braska. I will make a statement to the House
and leave it to the majority to decide. I am
one of those who believe if the Government
determines to putupabuildingit should be such,
as the wants of the locality demand. One hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars is- the
limit of the law for this building. If the House
believe that the necessities of the public ser*
vice require a building larger, for instance,
than the Agricultural Department building
over here, which cost $110,000$ a.t Omaha,
Nebraska, I will let the majority decide,
although, the law fixes the sum at $125,000,
I do not wish to struggle with the gentleman
from Nebraska on $2;j,000, if he can satisfy
the House it should be voted. I wish he
would modify the amendment- so as to pro-
vide that it shall be subject in all other re-
spects to the limitation of existing law.
Mr. TAFFE. I thought the gentleman rose
to a point of order.
