17,08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2t,
Mr. DAWES. No, sir, I do not. I wish
to make this statement to the House.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order had
been laised the Chair would have been com-
pelled to overrule it. As the question will
occur again, the Chair wishes to make this
statement: restrictions or limitations of a
former Congress have never been taken as
the slightest limitation or restriction upon the
action of the existing Congress. Such limita-
tions are merely monitions.
Mr. DAWES. When Congress enacted a
law that it should be unlawful to expend more
than $125,000, and that no more than $12-5,000
should be appropriated 1 Then, when we
appropriate the balance of the §125,000', does
the Chair rule that there is authority of law
for any additional sum?
The SPEAKER. No ; but the Chair rules
this: under the rules of the Iiouse appropri-
ations for public works in the process of con-
struction are within the judgment of the House
then considering the appropriation bill and
not that of any preceding House. No preced-
ing restriction can govern the House.
Mr. DAWES. There is a law that this shall
not cost over $125,000, and that any expendi-
ture beyond that shall be unlawful.
The SPEAKER. That is a restriction upon
the officers who have the expenditure of the
'money, and they should be punished for going
beyond the requirements of the law.
Mr. DAWES. I do not raise the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes the sug-
gestion, because it will arise again on other
appropriations.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, let me say
in that connection •that we have already done
the thing which the Chair has decided is in
order. The post office building at New York
city was limited to $3,000,000. Before this
bill was reported the cost of that building could
not exceed that sum by express provision of
law. Yetinthis appropriation hill as reported
from the committee that restriction upon the
cost of the New York city post office has been
repealed. Now another million will be added
to the cost of that building. The proposition
of the gentleinairfrom Nebraska is to add only
$25,000. It was limited by previous legisla-
tion to $125,000. Omaha is the only place in
Nebraska where any public buildings at pres-
ent are located, and it is only just to the Gov-
ernment, as well as to that growing city and
that growing State, that this building to be
erected there should be commensurate with
the wants of the people, a building of which
the Government shall be proud. I hope there
will be no objection to the appropriation.
Considerations of usefulness alone do not
control in the plans or architecture of public
buildings. They are constructed as well with
a view to be ample in style, and also grand in
architecture; otherwise, we could not be justi-
fied in expending over four million dollars
on a post office in New York and over two
million dollars for one in Boston. The Gov-
ernment should not construct a building
which will be inferior to any already built in
that distant city by private subscription or the
city authorities. The population of Omaha,
the growth of Nebraska, already justifies all
asked for by the gentleman from that State.
While we are lavish in our appropriations in
other localities, let us be just if not generous to
a people who have paid $25,000 for a location
for this building, just and generous to one of
the youngest in the sisterhood of States, which
has sprung up as by magic on the plains of the
West. 1 hope there will be no serious objec-
tion to this appropriation asked for.
Mr. DAWES. Is the gentleman willing to
limit it to $150,000?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I am willing to consent
to what is agreed to by the gentleman from
Nebraska.
Mr. DAWES. I ask you as an independ-
ent Representative.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will not object to it.
I only desire such legislation as will Secure a
building suitable to the wants of the people,
and somewhat in keeping with the surround-
ings of its location.
Mr. DAWES. That is all I have asked.
Let the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe]
subject his additional $25,000 to existing lim-
itations. and we will limit the amount to
$150,000. just as it was before.
Mr. TAFFE. As I said before, the city of
Omaha subscribed and paid for this ground
$25,000. The work is already commenced.
It is commenced on a scale different from what
seems to be understood by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations. I am will-
ing for the present that $150,000shall be sug-
gested as the limitation, although I do not see
how that will meet the views or wishes of the
Secretary of the Treasury or the present
dimensions of the work ; neither do I believe
it will be sufficient to complete the building
as contemplated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and according to the plan adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object then to the
gentleman's proposition with that limitation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to add to the
section as amended the words "subject in all
other respects to the conditions and limita-
tions in other existing appropriations for said
purpose.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to insert after line
forty-one, page 87, the following as an addi-
tional section:
For custom-house, post office, and United States
court-rooms, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, for repairs
and equipments, §10,000, the work to be executed
under ihe direction ot the supervising architect of
the Treasury.
I hope the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations will not object to this appro-
priation.
Mr. DAWES. I must raise the point of
order on it, that it is not authorized by exist-
ing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Treasury building, Washington, District of
Columbia: for annual repairs and improvements,
¥13,000.
ilr. MANNING. I move to insert after
line forty-six, page 37, as an additional para-
graph the following:
For the erection of a Government building at
Raleigh. North Carolina, upon the site now owned
by the United States, which shall be built of brick,
and upon plans which will insure its completion for
the sum of $100,000. the half of which is hereby
appropriated, §"50,000.
Mr. DAWES. I must raise the point of order
on that amendment, that it is not authorized
by existing legislation.
Mr. MANNING. I have the law here. In
chapter one hundred and eight, acts of 1857,
the following provision is made :
"For building a court-hou«e and post office at
ltalcigh, North Carolina, $50,000,"
There is at present, no public buildingexcept
that at Charlotte—-none whatever. The Gov-
ernment, previous to the war, purchased a
central lot at Raleigh, and made this appro-
priation. The war came on and nothing further
was done with it. I now wish to renew that
appropriation.
The SPEAKER. It would have to be re-
newed by a law and not by an appropriation.
The law requires continuous appropriation.
The lapse of the number of years which the
gentleman has indicated would conclusively
rule it out.
Mr. BIRD. I move to strike out the section
from between lines forty-four and forty-six,
inclusive, as follows:
For Treasury building, Washington, District of
Columbia: tor annual repairs and improvements,
$15,000.
I find on page 8, at line one- hundred and
sixty three, the following :
For repairs and preservation of all public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Department,
$200,000.
Now yon propose here another appropria-
tion of $15,000 for the Treasury building at
Washington.
Mr. BECK. Tho one appropriation is for
the Treasury building here in Washington.
The other is for the buildings under I he con-
trol of the Treasury Department all'over the
country, including all the custom-houses, post
offices, &c. The paragraph which has just
been read applies to the Treasury building
specially.
Mr. BIRD. My understanding was that the
description in the former paragraph includes
the Treasury building here.
Mr. BECK. Not at all. This appropria-
tion is specially for the Treasury building at
Washington, District of Columbia. The other
appropriation does not embrace that building
at all.
Mr. BIRD. But my point is this: is not
the Treasury building here under the control
of the Treasury Department?
Mr. BECK. Of course it is; but it is not
covered by the language of the appropriation
" for repairs and preservation of all public
buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department." That refers to buildings away
from the city of Washington, all over the
country.
The question being taken on Mr. Bird's
amendment, it was rejected.
ThefClerk read as follows :
For custom-house, New Orleans, Louisiana : con-
tinuing the completion of the building under the
last modified plans submitted by supeivising
architect ot the Treasury in his letter ot February
16,1871, or that portion thereof which substitutes a
cast-iron cornice, and reduces the total eslimate tor
the completion of the building to $620,0o0, ol which
estimate the sum ot $150,000 is hereby appropriated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order on that appropriation that it is not
authorized by any existing law.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, it is; and the build-
ing is in progress.
The SPEAKER. The' Chair is under the
impression that if continuity for a great num-
ber of years would make an appropriation in
order this is decidedly in order.
Mr. DAWTE3. Not only is the work in pro-
gress, but it has been in progress from a " time
whereof the memory ot man runneth not to
the contrary." I will tell the gentleman fiom
Illinois that this building is one of the most
massive character in the United States, and
was commenced some ten years ago.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. _ More than that.
Mr. DAWES. Well, it was commenced
before I can remember. There has been
expended upon it upward of four million
dollars, upon a plan which, if completed
according to the original plan, would cost
$1,500,000 more. It has been built upon
the kind of soil that the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Fajinswortii] and the gentleman
fiom New Hampshire [Mr. Benton*] com-
mend for the New York post office, so that
it had been settling and settling for eight or
ten years before the war, and they had an
officer there, new and unknown to the law,
called an " inspector of settlement," [laugh-
ter,] who reported quarterly to the Govern-
ment here the amount of settlement of the
building. That was before the war. He got
into a good safe place during the war, out
of danger, and he lived through the war; but
just as soon as-the war was over he applied
to be reappointed, and proposed to show just
how much the settlement had been during'the
war. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Would it. not be well
to postpone further work on the building, under
these circumstances, until it has done settling ?
Mr. DAWES. The settlement is all dis-
posed of; the work has reached a solid founda-
tion. The architect has been down there, and
so changed and modified the plan that would
otherwise cost $1,600,000, that he stipulates
