1870.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
Senators known to bear peculiar relations to
the President in this controversy, would have
been adopted unanimously in this body, and
would havp brought here all the information
in the President's control.
Nothing was simpler or easier. Why was
no such resolution offered by either oi those
Senators ? Offered by either of them it would
doubtless have experienced from the majority
here different treatment from that given to the
resolution of inquiry on the same general sub-
ject offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. SnjisEK.] Why was not that resolution
adopted ? It is a fair inquiry; it is in the reg-
ular course of business hese; respectful in its
language, neither by expression nor implica-
tion casting the slightest reflection upon the
President. Why, in the absence of a reso-
lution of inquiry on the part of either of the
Senators who are understood peculiarly to
represent the Administration—why was the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
treated as we have seen it treated? Why was
it not adopted ? Why was it not even con-
sidered ?
Why, on the other hand, the extraordinary
proceedings to force through this body in such
hot haste the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Moktox,] even by an all-night
session, in which we are now at an advanced
hour of the morning? Yet we have but to com-
pare the two resolutions to see how much better
is the resolution of the Senator from Massachu-
setts than is the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana. The resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts is to reach information in the
Departments of this Government, facts from
our records there, therefore incapable of being
mistaken or misstated, incapable of being per-
verted by accident or design : facts from the
most authentic source of information which we
know, and which we are all accustomed to
accept as such, those of us who belong to the
party of the Administration as well as those
who belong to the party of the Opposition to
the Administration.
Sir, there was 110 danger that the inquiry of
the Senator from Massachusetts would have
brought to this body anything but the facts as
they exist in the archives of the Government.
There was no danger of any perversion of the
facts from any cause; no danger of the falsifi-
cation of facts, or of the exaggeration of them ;
none of the substitution of fancies or of the-
ories or of fiction for facts. How far short of
this does your joint resolution fall? Against
which of these dangers does it guaranty you ?
For the complete accuracy of a report from
the President, in response to the resolution of
inquiry for the information in his control, the
joint resolution now before us, and soon to
pass this body, gives you a much less reliable
body of information on the same subject. It
substitutes the opinion of these men as to what
they have seen or heard in a distant island,
where the means of making observations and
collecting intelligence are exceptionally diffi-
cult and deceptive.
I care not who your three commissioners
maybe. Let them be all " honorable men,"
as the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds]
so many times reiterated yesterday, until it
seemed as if there was a lurking sarcasm in his
words. Be they never so "honorable," will
any man pretend that the report which they
will bring you back from a limited tour in San
Domingo will, for one moment compare, iu
respect of accuracy, fidelity, and all elements
of perfect verity, with the report which the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
would have obtained from the Departments ot
this Government? Those Departments are
not unfriendly Deportments to the President.
They are his own Executive Departments.
There is no temptation, and there is 110 power
anywhere in those Departments to give us, in
response to our inquiry, anything bull he facts.
Not only would the inquiry have given us the
truth, and all the truth, but the answer would
have been prompt; there would have been no
delay beyond a few days.
But for the opposition of a majority of Sen-
ators in this Chamber all the important inqui-
ries embraced in that resolution would have
been solved for us by a printed report on our
desks before to-day. If that resolution was
not wholly acceptable to the special friends
of the President and of his San Domingo
policy it would have been amended. Why
not? Why was this familiar, prompt, reliable
mode of obtaining the full information in the
President's hands put aside? In order to adopt
the mode of this joint resolution, a made which
is obviously roundabout, dilatory, and unreli-
able ; and is, besides, from all I can gather,
quite unprecedented. Why do the majority
here pass by the whole body of information in
the President's hands in order to seud three
commissioners to huut up what they can in the
island of San Domingo?
It comes back to this, sir, I repeat. I cannot
I assume, and shall not assume, that the Presi-
■ dent acted without full information in the whole
i| matter of Dominican annexation. I desire
always to treat the Chief Magistrate of the Uni-
ted States with becoming respect. So desiring,
I must assume that the President throughout
acted upon the fullest information, and was
sustained by it. Why have we not that informa-
tion ? Why have the majority here repelled
and defeated the effort of the Senator from
Massachusetts to obtain a part of it? "Why
does not the President send it now? Why
adopt the scheme of this joint resolution,
which every man must feel is far less satisfac-
tory, whicli sets us afloat 011 the sea of an
inquiry which may be made in good faith,
which may be made in bad faith, which may
at all events be made negligently and imper-
fectly, which may result in little or nothing,
oa which any mail upon his conscience and
upon his obligation here as a Senator can act
with safety ?
At this very late hour of this wearisome night
session, now drawing toward daybreak, I shall
not further detain the Senate. I think the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurmax] should be adopted. The informa-
tion aimed at should be in the executive de-
partment of the Government,. Bat there is no
objection to in eluding it in the inquiry embraced
in the joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, MeCreery, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Patterson, Rors, Sehurz, Scott,
Stockton, Sumner, Timrman, and Tipton—12.
NAYS— Messis. Ames, Erownlow, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cole, Oonklms, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Ilanilin, Harlan,
Howe, Howell. Lewis, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pouie-
roy. Pool, Ramsey, Revels, Sawyer, Sherman, Stew-
art, Thaver, Warner, Willey, andWilliams—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Boreman.
Buckingham, Cameron, Cattell, Davis, Fcnlon,
Ferry, Kowler, Gilbert, Hamilton ot Maryland,
Han is, Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill ot Maine, Pratt, Kice. Robertson, Sauls-
bury Spenecr, Sprague, Trumbull, Yiekers, \Yil-
I son, "Wmdoin, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer an amendment to
come in after the words '"United States," in
the tenth line of section one. j
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
And whether there is any establishedUovernmer.t
! in said ici'ublie vrith eumnetent authority to make
! fl treaty mill tile United States for the annexation
' of the said republic; and if so, what Government.
1 Mr. CASSERLY. The object of the amend-
1 ment is to supply information upon a point of
; very great importance ; and a point, too, as to
I which, of course, the state of facts changes from
i day to day. We know very well what is the con- 1
dition of the Dominican republic. Indeed, ithas
been admitted constantly on this floor, during
the debate, by gentlemen on both sides, that
it shares the general revolutionary condition
of so many of the States and republics in that
part of the world, in the West indies and in
Central America. There is no doubt in nay
mind, from all the information I have been able
to obtain, that while Baez has probably suc-
ceeded in maintaining himself in the possession
of the Government over the greater part of
the territory, and perhaps of the population of
San Domingo for some time, yet his possession
is an extremely uncertain one, menaced con-
stantly, and i 11 fact almost a mere scrambling
possession. He lias, as is well known, aa inde-
fatigable and formidable enemy in the republic
of Dominica in the person ot' the Dominican
chief, Cabral. The Senator from Indiana iu
his spcech assailed with marked bitterness the
character of Cabral. I think the Senator from
Indiana could hardly have understood as I
understand the history of the two men, Cabral
and Baez, in connection with that island.
At the time of the Spanish invasion in 1861
the people of Dominica, who, whatever they
are, have a strong pride in their native soil,
a strong attachment to it, and a very great dis-
inclination to surrender their country to any
foreign Government, v/ere so much overawed
by the formidable demonstration of Spain that
for a long time they were extremely apathetic,
disorganized, and apparently unwilling to take
up arms to resist the invader. The first battle
which turned the scale, and turned it decis-
ively for the whole conflict, wasabattlo fought
by Cabral against the Spaniards, known as the
battle of La Canela. It was for that war and
for those people what the battle of Bunker Hill
was in our revolutionary annals. It was not
so much for the actual victory obtained as for
the circumstance that the battle showed to the
natives of Dominica that they could fight, that
they could meet the Spaniards on equal terms
and could overthrow them. It filled the whole
country with patriotic ardor; men, arms, and
even money, were forthcoming at once; and
from that day until the final overthrow of the
Spaniards, whether by arms or by the diseases
which are so fatal in that island, the arms of
the young republic were, if not uniformly suc-
cessful, at least distinguished by valor and by
energy. Cabral was the successful chief to
whom that great victory was owing.
If Baez to-day is maintained, as has been
chai'ged by the Senator from Massachusetts
with undoubted truth, by the arms of the Uni-
ted States, not now for the first time lias he
been put over an unwilling people by foreign
power. He was thrust upon the people of San
Domingo by the French and Spanish many
years ago over the head, I believe, of Santana.
Cabral has fought for his country. All that
Baez ever did lor her, so far as I know, is that
he is willing to sell his country. That is the
distinction between these two men; and Cabral
is the chief, with such memories about him,
who has proved his capacity to carry on a war
for years against far greater odds than he would
be compelled to meet from Baez uuaided. He
is the enemy with whom Baez has had to con-
tend. I do not doubt myself for one moment,
from what I have been able to gather from
books and otherwise, that but for the pres-
ence of our vessels in the waters of Dominica
and the overwhelming support which they give
to Baez, be would long ago have been expelled
from the Government and long ago Cabral
would have gained aud retained possession of
the Government, with the general hearty con-
currence of the people.
Htnce, sir, it becomesamostimportantthing
for us to inquire with whom we are to deal.
Is the got eminent of Baez a real Government?
Is it a permanent Government? I will nob say
a Government permanent in the sense in which
Governments in other parts of the world are
permanent, where change is the exception; but
