1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
other candidate on the State or local ticket of
his pariy. At the next senatorial election he
was again nominated, and such was his per-
sonal popularity that though both counties gave
large Democratic majorities for the general
ticket, he came within fifty votes of election.
In 1854 he was nominated for Congress by the
Whigs of the nineteenth district, consisting of
Westmoreland, Indiana, and Armstrong coun-
ties. His competitor had been returned at the
preceding election by a large majority, but
Mr. Covode led him 2,757 votes, and was
returned. This was the Thirty Fourth Con-
gress, and he was reelected to the Thirty-Fifth,
Thirty-Sixth, and Thirty-Seventh.
On the 5th of March, I860, he introduced a
resolution providing for a committee of five
members of the Ilouse " for the purpose of
investigating whether the President of the Uni-
ted States or any other officer of the Govern-
ment has, by money, patronage, or other im-
proper meaus, sought to influence the action
of Congress, or any committees thereof, for or
against the passage of any law appertaining to
the rights of any State or Territory," &c.
Few who were engaged in the political strug-
gles of those days will forget the industry,
energy, and ability with which Mr. Cotode
conducted the investigation ordered by this
resolution, or the influence his elaborate report
had upon the public mind. The report was a
thorough exposure of the corrupt appliances
by which the Kansas-Nebraska legislation had
been secured, and was soon in the hands of
every Republican speaker or writer in the
country.
Mr. Covode was twice married, and had
three sons by his first marriage, all of whom
he gave to the country upon the breaking out
of the war. George, the eldest, rose by gradual jj
and well- won promotion to the rank of colonel,
and was killed while leading his regiment at
the battle of St. Mary's Church, in 1864. The
youngest, Jacob, pined for more than eighteen
months in the loathsome and pestilential pen
provided for Union prisoners at Anderson-
ville. He still lives a broken and prematurely
old man. Mr. Covode's industry and enter-
prise had meanwhile secured him an ample
competence, and with his sons he was ready
to devote this, too, to his country; and while
bankers and capitalists were doubting the
propriety of investing in the war loan about
to be issued, the telegraph informed the people
that John' Covode had apprised the Secretary
of the Treasury of his purpose to take $50,000
of the forthcoming bonds.
• He was a member of the joint Committee
on the Conduct, of the War. To the labors of
this committee he devoted himself with untir-
ing zeal until the 4th of March, 1863, when,
having declined a nomination, he retired from
Congress. Availing himself of the knowledge
Mr. Covode had thus acquired, and ot his
quick perception of the motives ot men, Presi-
dent Johnson requested him to make a tour
of observation through the unreconstructed
States and report his conclusions and the gen-
eral facts upon which they were based. But
observing the change that had taken place in
the views and purposes of the President, he
soon returned and submitted a report, which
was never made public, though the House
called upon the President for a copy thereof.
Mr. Covode having refused to be a candidate,
the district was represented by a Democrat,
Hon. JolinL. DawscSn, in the Thirty-Eighth
and Thirty Ninth Congresses. Yielding to the
demands of his party, he however accepted a
nomination for the Fortieth and was returned
by a handsome majority, and was, after a con-
test by Hon. Henry D. Foster, also awarded
a seat in the Forty First Congress. His influ-
ence was not confined to his county or con-
gressional district. It was felt throughout the
State, not only in politics, but in all measures
projected for the development of its boundless
material resources. Having been appointed
to lb© position in 1869, and conducted the
campaign that resulted in the reelection of
Governor Geary, he was at the time of his
death chairman of the Republican State cen-
tral committee.
In comparatively early manhood he became
the owner of the woolen mill in which he had
been employed when a boy. He watched with
interest our progress in the manufacture of
textiles and labored to promote their diversi-
fication and perfection. But his mill did not
offer an adequate field for his activity. He
took a zealous part in promoting the construc-
tion of internal improvements by which the
sea-board should be connected with the then
opening West, and on the completion of the
Pennsylvania canal engaged largely in the
business of transportation. He was also a
liberal and energetic promoter of the construc-
tion of the Pennsylvania Central railroad. On
the completion of this road to Lockport, where
he lived and superintended his mill, he con-
centrated his stock upon the western sections
of the canal and engaged in forwarding to and
from Pittsburg the rapidly increasing freight
moved by the railroad. About this time he
also organized the Westmoreland Coal Com-
pany, which has developed the immense de-
posits of gas coal that underlie in such affluence
his native hills. By this operation he added
to the wealth of every farmer in the county,
for the army of stalwart men now earning
liberal wages by mining and handling this coal
is so numerous that it gives' them a steady
home market, not only for the cereals, but the
minor productions of the farm which will not
bear extended transportation.
Mr. Speaker, what I have said is sufficient
to show that Mr. Covode was a man of power
and a useful citizen. He had long been a
member of the Methodist Episcopal Church,
was faithful in all the relations of life, and
his story may be read with profit by the youth
of the country. Born subject to those '■ twin
jailers of the daring heart, low birth and iron
fortune/' and receiving the benefits of but the
smallest opportunities for early culture, he
mastered fortune, commanded the confidence
of his neighbors and fellow-citizens, and se-
cured for his name an honorable place in his
country's history, and, by originating and pro-
moting beneficent enterprises, wrote it endur-
ingly on the hills and in the homes of his native
county. He left a wife and seven children
to mourn liis sudden death. The results of
his provident care surround them, and their
sorrow is alleviated by the confident assurance
that he who was so fondly devoted to them
has entered upon the rewards that are earned
by a well-spent life.
Mr. Speaker, I submit the following resolu-
tions:
llesolved. That the House has heard with deep
regret of the death of Hon. John Covode, a mem-
ber of this House from the State of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That as a testimony of;#espect to the
memory of the deceased the officers and members
of this House will wear the usual badge of mourn-
ing lor the space of thirty days.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be trans-
mitted to the family of the deceased by the Clerk.
Jlesolveti, That the House, as a further mark of
respect to the deceased, do now adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. It is a common event, Mr.
Speaker, that interrupts the regular course of
legislative business, and calls upon us to reflect
upon the loss we have sustained by the death
of the late honorable member of the House
from Pennsylvania, to consider our relations
to each other aud to the great Author of our
being. No occurrence is more frequent. There
is not a day, not an hour, scarcely a minute i
passes over us that some recruit or veteran in
the great army of life does not drop by our
side or within onr sight.
It is not violence or crime, disease or excess
alone that gives death its victory. It has other
means of conquest than the shot and shock of
battle, the murderous affray, the indulgence of
the passions, or storm and tempest in the phys-
ical "world. Though human passions were ex-
tinct and men as guileless as the flowers of the
field, still the carnage would go on. Death
would still reap its regular and prolific harvest.
There are seeds as well as instruments of death.
They are sown everywhere—in hills, in drills,
and broadcast. No clime so rugged, no 8(Sil
so barren, that it will not bear this fruit. That
which falls even by the wayside or upon stony
ground is not lost.
This is the harvest that never fails. No class
of men escapes. Oar predecessors in these
classic Halls have been swept away by battal-
ions. The paths of granite and marble that
lead to the Capitol have been worn away by
the unceasing and heavy tread of anxious and
solemn men that from every part of the Union
have come here to meditate upon the necessi-
ties and to labor for the improvement and
preservation of the Government. Where are
they now? Death has spared but few. Of
a score and a half of Congresses, perhaps
more, even now, in the in&ncy of oar Grovero-
ment, not one luring voice is heard, no repre-
sentative remains. The best, the bravest, the
noblest of our land, all are gone. Madison,
Monroe, Adams, Polk, Clay, Benton, Web-
ster, Calhoun, Macon, Douglas, Broderick,
Giddings, Davis, Wilmot, Stevens, Bnrlin-
game, are bnt types of the host that have pre-
ceded us to the only haven of rest for wearied,
exhausted, betrayed human nature.
It is a common event, therefore, that sum-
mons us to suspend deliberation upon the af-
fairs of life that we may consider for a moment
those of eternity. That which makes it seem
particular with us is that it stole upon us with-
out our knowledge; swept from our side the
stalwart form of active aud vigorous life upon
which we relied for help in committee, in ses-
sion, and in society; broke np the quorum of
associates and friends; and left us stunned,
standing in helpless silence, knowing only
what shadows we are and what shadows we
pursue. Like time, the angel of death hides
its wings as it approaches. It is when they
are upon us and cover us that we comprehend
the depth of that shadowless valley through
which it takes its flight.
How difficult it is to comprehend, in this fall
blaze of light and life, that the broad-shoui- *
dered and stalwart man who stood beside us, his
voice still ringing in our ears, unceasing in his
activity, doing no wrong, seeking only the good
of others, should, even while we turned to Took
upon him, disappear from our sight forever, and
his spirit by translation pass to another world!
The death of Mr. Covode reminds me how
much we depend upon others for the selection
and acquaintance with our most intimate asso-
ciates. I knew him chiefly through my late
lamented friend, Mr. Burlingame. He was
the earliest among many active and sagacious
men of the Thirty-Fourth Congress to aualyze
his character and accord due honor the sepa-
rate elements of which it was composed.
Mr. Burlingame was a harmonizer. ft was
his ambition to bring those who should act
together to understand and know each other.
No man was ever endowed with m«re of this
divine power. He appeared to feel instinct-
ively, not merely the presence of good or evil
spirits, but to measure with unerriug justice
the exact degree with which innocent and
baneful qualities were mixed in human char-
acter. He looked upon the world with the eye
of childhood, but he judged it with almost
more than mortal wisdom. Without effort and
without resistance he allowed its varied char-
acters to be photographed upon bis mindj and
thus he read, as by an unseen light, the secret
natures of men by whom he was surrounded
and with whom he was associated. He knew
all qualities eertainly with a most learned spirit.
It was this purpose and this power which gave
him in speech, and still more in social inter-
course, the great influence which he wielded
here, and enabled him in another sphere to
bring together'unknown and hostile sections
of the world with mutual satisfaction and
advantage.
