1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
that he will complete it for this sum which we
propose to appropriate here of six hundred
thousand-odd dollars.
Mr. FARN8 WORTH. This building was
actually commenced as early as 184ij. More
than twenty-two years ago the Government
commenced appropriating money for this build-
ing at New Orleans.
Mr. DAWES. There has been an awful
interregnum.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the Government
appropriated money, the building -sunk. As
we sent money down there, the money settled
the building. I do not know whether we ap-
propriated any money last year or the year
before for this building, if we did, it was only
to repair it and keep it from going to waste.
Now it is proposed to commence again upon
this building, as it is suggested in this clause,
upon plans which are going to secure its com-
pletion for a certain amount. These are the
plans of the supervising architect of theTreas-
ury ; but what that limitation will amount to
the House can judge when I refer them to the
case of the marine hospital at Chicago, where
Congress passed a law that the old building
should be sold and a new one built, and that
the new one should not cost more than the old
one sold for. They sold the old building for
$125,000, and the supervising architect put all
of that, money into the basement. The amount
was sufficient to build a good enough building
for that purpose there, because the building for
the Department of Agriculture in this city,
which was not built under the direction of the
supervising architect of the Treasury, cost
only $100,000; itis a cheap building, an eco-
nomical building, and worth the money. But
in the case of the Chicago marine hospital,
as I have said, they put the $125,000 into
the basement, and then came to Congress to
get- appropriations to rear the superstructure.
We have already put $250,000 into the build-
ing, and they are here this year asking for fifty
or seventy live thousand dollars more, or some
amount, to complete the building. Last year
an appropriation was made to complete the
building, and next year another appropriation
will be asked to complete the building, and so
we go on from year to year making appropria-
tions for that purpose, while the supervising
architect, and the Secretary of the Treasury,
who ought to be held responsible for keeping
such a man in otfice, pay no sort of regard
to the act ot' Congress atid the limitation on
the appropriations and the character of the
building.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I can give the exact
condition of this building at New Orleans if
the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. J ODD. I desire to sa}' to my colleague,
who avails himself of every occasion to attack
the marine hospital at Chicago 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no; not at all.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say to him that he
is mistaken. He has never risen to aitack the
Boston post office without illustrating his re-
inaiks by a reference to the marine hospital
at Chicago. Let me say to him now that there
is no appropriation in any of the appropria-
tion bills to continue this work. He is mis-
taken hi that allegation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We passed a bill
last week containing an appropriation for it.
Does not my colleague know it?
Mr. JUDD. Simply an appropriation of
$10,000 to pay a debtincurred before the work
was stopped. Now, let me tellray colleague one
thing further. A restriction was placed on the
cost, ot' that building in the appropriation bill
at the same time the restriction was placed
upon the cost of the New York and Boston
post ofiices, and it has been observed to the
letter. There has been no request to remove
that restriction; and as a consequence an
appropriation of over $100,000 is now stand-
ing to the credit of that, work in the Treasury
Department; and yet the work is not, going
on because a contract cannot be made, as the
architect says, within the restriction. Hence
there is no appropriation.
Mr. FAIiNSWORTH. Will my colleague
[Mr. Judd] allow me to correct him?
Mr. JUDD. Certainly.
Mr. FAHNSWORTH. Here is the report
of the supervising architect of the marine hos-
pital in Chicago, by which it appears that the
whole cost of this building has been so far
$100,856 19, and he concludes with the state-
ment that it is now "in course of erection."
Mr. JUDD. Allow me to reply again to
my colleague [Mr. Fabnswortii] that in this
last appropriation bill the same restriction was
placed upon that work that was placed upon
the New York and Boston post office build-
ings. The architect has not expended this
appropriation, S110,000, now standing to the
credit of that work, because he says it cannot
be finished for that money; and I assure my
colleague that that work is not going on and
no expenditure is being made, because the
restriction is being carried out in good faith.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague mis-
takes me altogether.
Mr. JUDD. I am not mistaken in this
statement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman gets
into too much heat upon the supposition that
I am attacking the marine hospital at Chicago ;
I am not attacking it at all. I am attacking
this entire disregard of the law of the land;
that is what I am attacking, and nothing else.
Mr. JUDD. I say to my colleague that when
he passes that censure upon these other at-
tempts, as he calls them, to repeal the restric-'
tion in relation to what those* buildings shall
cost, I would be very much obliged to him if,
instead of characterizing the marine hospital
at Chicago as an instance, he would say that
it is the only work that has been stopped,
because it cannot he finished within the re-
striction, and that there has been no legisla-
tion attempted to repeal that restriction. Give
us credit for at least some good faith in this
matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that this
entire paragraph be stricken out.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask that the Clerk be
allowed to read what I send to his desk in
regard to the New Orleans custom house.
The Clerk read as follows:
"This building is unfinished. There has been ex-
pended to date $2,984.827 85. An examination of the
building and the preparation of modified plans and
estimates for the completion of the bnihling are in
progress. It is believed that all liabilities can be
discharged and the building completed for about
eight hundred thousand dollars. To complete it
according to the original plans would cost not less
than €2,078 926 0.5. The coal of this building is not
limited by law."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say 
Mr. DAWES. The committee called the
architect before them, and he futiher reduced
this limitation of $800,000 by substituting iron
cornices for the stone work.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I understand that.
I desire to say, in reply to my colleague, [Mr.
Judd,] as I said before, that he is mistaken in
supposing that I am attacking the marinehos-
pital at Chicago ; not at all. A marine hos-
pital is needed there and ought to be com-
pleted, I am using it simply as an illustration
of the manner in which the law is disregarded
in this matter of public buildings. I used it
because it is a very notable case, for the lan-
guage of the law is very explicit, limiting the
amount. The language used was that " in no
event should it cost more than " so much.
Now, in titter disregard of the law, they have
expended the full amount, as I said before,
withonteven commencing the walls, of course
making their plans in the first place in refer-
ence to this great expenditure, and then com-
ing to Congress and asking for more. And
as has been shown, although the amount au-
thorized to be expended for the building was
only $125,000, they have already expended
$160,000. and the building is unfinished.
And then we appropriated last week I do
not know how large a sum for the present,
fiscal year in a deficiency bill, and the building
does not yet go on. My colleague says that
it is the only instance where they have come
to a full,stop because of the limitation in the
law. 1 had not supposed they had stopped
any building because of the limitation in the
law. If they have stopped the one in Chicago,
then it gives us a little bit of assurance of some
returning regard for the law up there at the
Treasury Department, for I never knew an
instance before where they stopped expend-
ing money beeause'the law told them to stop;
never, in all the other cases they have gone
on, and are still going on, expending money
withoutregard to the law; and then they come
here and demand that, we shall giye them more
and more, from year to year.
And 1 find in this bill, I do not know how
many, but a great many new buildings to be
erected, some in towns of only from ten thou-
sand to twelve thousand inhabitants, some in
towns where they have no courts, and only
want a post office buiiding. We have presented
to us projects for erecting all over the country
public buildings, the expenditures to be made
under the existing regime, by such officers as
we now have. Why, sir, in the old times, when
we had no public debt, when the taxes raised
from the people were sufficient to meet all the
expenses of the Government and leave us a
plethoric Treasury, the Government did not
engage in this extensive business of erecting
public buildings as'it does now; but because
the Government is in debt, because our people
•are groaning under taxes from year to year,
we are to commence this extravagant system.
The amendment was not agreed to,
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the pending paragraph the following:
For custom-house, post office, and United States
court-rooms, Pittsburg. Pennsylvania, for repairs
and equipment, $10,000, the work to be executed
under the direction of the supervising architect of
the Treasury.
Mr. DAWES. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
Mr. NEGLEY. If the gentleman insists on
his point of order, I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of adopting the amendment.
I appeal to the House for common justice to
my district. I?or other districts millions of
dollars are appropriated. I ask for my district
the small sum of $10,000 for necessary repairs
of an existing public building.
On agreeing to the motion to suspend the
rules there were—ayes 35, noes 36; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Nf.gley and'
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—-ayes 03, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I will not oppose the amend- ,
ment if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Negi.ey] will modify it, so as to state specific-
ally that the appropriation is for repairs only,
Mr. NEGLEY. That was the intention of
the amendment as originally drawn; but to
make it more specific I modify it to read as
follows:
For repairs of the custom-house, post office, and
United Stales court-rooms at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, 810,000, to be expended under tbe direction of
the supervising architect of the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment as modified will be considered
as agreed to.
There was no objection ; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of a Government building at
Trenton. .New Jersey, upon plans that shall limit
the ultimate cost of the building, exclusive of site,
to the amount herein appropriated, $100,000: Pro-
vided, That no money hereby appropriated shall be
used or applied for the purpose until a valid title to
the land tor thesite of such building shall be vested
in the United States, and until the State shall also
duly release and relinquish to the United btates the
right to tax or in any way assess said site, or the
property of the United States that may be thereon
during the time that the United States shall be or
reuiaiu the owner thereof.
