270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
permanent so that it can be relied upon as rep-
resenting the country, representing the people
of the country in a transaction so important
as the annexation of its territory to a foreign
Power? I say that is a very important ques-
tion for us, one most fit to be inquired into.
If we were to deal with Baez to morrow, and it
should tarn out that we were misled as to the
nature of his government or the nature of his
hold upon the people, what would be the result?
The history of the Dominican republic is full
of instruction for us on that point.
As I said, whatever they are, they are a peo-
ple of strong patriotic impulses, of great pride
iu their own country—a feature, as is well
known, peculiarly developed in the Spanish-
American and mixed races of this continent
and of the West Indies. They will not will-
ingly be handed over by any chief or any presi-
dent to a foreign Power. They have fought
more than once upon precisely that issue. It
was upon that issue that the great Spanish
expedition during tho early period of our civil
war was overthrown in that island with such
utter disaster, resulting in the almost total
destruction of the entire army, men and muni-
tions of war, at a cost in money which was
simply enormous, considering the nature of the
war, the apparent unimportance of the task
undertaken, and the small scope of territory
within whieh the operations were confined. I
cannot now speak with exactness, but it seems
to me that the total cost of that most disastrous
war to the Spanish Crown was forty million
dollars.
Mr. SUMNER. It was forty millions.
Mr. CASSERLY. Besides, as I said, the
utter destruction of that great expedition. The
same people are there to-day who were there
then. They are ready to fight rather than be
transferred to any foreign Power against their
will, and it behooves us to look well into the
authority, the responsibility, the permanence of
the government of Baez or any other Govern-
ment with whieh we undertake to deal for the
annexation of that country and its people.
In that point of view, the importance of whieh
must be conceded, I have offered this amend-
ment. I trust it will meet the acceptance of
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Jlr. CASSERLY. I have a duty to discharge
about this matter, as all members of the minor-
ity have in a case like this. We believe that
this whole proceeding is very objectionable, and
that instead of being a proceeding for inform-
ation it is a proceeding to stitle information;
and the consequence is that I shall have to ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, those
rising to support the call not being one fifth of
the Senators present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is rejected.
Sir. CASSERLY. I suppose there is always
a way ot getting the votes on a question like
this before the country, and if we cannot get
them upon divisions we shall have to get them
in some other way. Of course, however, if the
Senate refuses to show its hand upon this vote
I cannot compel it.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be proposed the joint resolution
will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 have an amendment to
offer. Alter I he word "thereof," in the twenty-
sixth line o! the first, section, I move to insert
tin: words "and whether lite constitution of
Dominica forbids her Government to cede her
t n'itorv, or yny part thereof, to a foreign
Power.''
The whole of this investigation, everything
connected with if. it seems to me, wi'J be use-
less if the fact be that there is such a provision
in the constitution of Dominica. I think there
has been evidence before this body of that fact;
at all events there can be no possible harm, it
seems to me, in inserting this clause if this is
a resolution intended for inquiry. This is a
fundamental inquiry at the bottom of the whole
business. It is possible I may be answered that
the commissioners would naturally inquire into
that, but I desire to have this clause inserted
with a view of calling the attention of any gen-
tlemen who may be appointed commissioners
to this particular point before they go further
with the investigation.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I had some
occasion to examine that question formerly,
and I think 1 can say with great confidence
that the constitution of Dominica is as is sug-
gested by the amendment. It is so in terms.
A Senator near me says " it is no use to inquire
into that." How do we know that it will be
of nouse? Suppose your commissioners should
return here without any information on that
subject, the whole thing would be open; it
would be contested ; there would be nothing
settled in regard to it.
Mr. NYE. The constitution of Dominica
is here.
Mr. CASSERLY. Why, sir, everything is
disputed. The Senator from Indiana to-day
in my hearing disputed the reading of what is
called a private protocol; a thing that I find
a great deal of difficulty in understanding, as
to how a protocol can be a private thing. He
disputed the reading of it; and with the pro-
tocol before my eyes it seemed to me that the
reading of it was just as the Senator from
Massachusetts contended for. I say every-
thing is open to be debated, and particularly
in reference to this subject. If that is the con-
stitution of Dominica, is there any objection to
having it presented, with other information,
for the use of Congress and of the Executive,
if the Executive desires the information?
It seems to me that to say that a thing is
perfectly plain, that it is in print, that it is
here, and therefore there is no use in obtain-
ing the information, would be an answer to a
great part of the inquiries that are really im-
portant contained in this resolution ; because a
great deal of the information which this resolu-
tion seeks to get, it seems to me, should be, and
I have no doubt is, in the proper Departments
and in our library in this city. I hope, sir, that
on the ground that it is useless this amendment
will not be rejected.
Mr. THUHMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment. I am a friend of
constitutional government. I believe that
constitutions are necessary. We can only make
a treaty with the Government of Dominica ;
we cannot make a treaty with the people in
their aggregate capacity, we can only make a
treaty with the Government; and if the con-
stitution of Dominica forbids a cession by the
Government of the territory of that republic
or any part of it to a foreign Power, no treaty
we can form nor any act of that Government
can, without a violation of the fundamental law
of that republic, annex it to the United States.
Until that constitution shall be amended so as
to invest its Government with power to assent
to annexation to the United States, either by
treaty or in some other mode, there can be
no annexation without a violation of that con-
stitution. I do not want to acquire any terri-
tory over the prostrated constitution of the
people of that territory.
Now, sir, as has been said by the Senator
from California, that is the constitutional pro-
vision in Dominica, if I read it aright. And
does it become the people of the United
States; does it become the Congress of the
United States; does it become a people who
have never lived without a written constitu-
tion—for written constitutions are older than
1770 in America; does it become a people
v.ho believe that written constitutions are es-
sential to liberty; that they are essential to
protect minorities against despotism, and to
protect the liberties and promote the happiness
of all; does it become the great Republic, the
great exemplar of written constitutions, to set
the example of overriding the constitution of
a poor, humble, inferior State? If you think,
Senators, that this is consistent with repub-
lican institutions; if you think that this is
consistent with constitutional liberty; if you
think that this is setting up the great Repub-
lic as au exemplar to the world, then be it so.
I do not believe there is one Senator who thus
thinks. I have too good an opinion of my
fellow-Senators to believe it, aiul therefore I
ask them in all sincerity to let this inquiry be
made and to let it be answered.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear tho
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will bo
again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to ask my honor-
able friend from Ohio if that constitution can
be found in the Congressional Library?
Mr. TilURMAN. I do not know whether
it can or not; but I do know that answers to
one half, three fourths, in my judgment, of the
inquiries that are made here can be found in
the Congressional Library. But as we are to
have what the French call a proces verbal on
this subject of Dominica, as we are to have
what the lawyers call a master-commissioner's
report upon it, which is to investigate all the
facts, as the Congressional Library has been
repudiated by the advocates of this resolution,
I would refer my friend from Iowa to that
interesting collection of books.
Mr. HARLAN. I agree with the honorable
Senator iu his solicitude to secure the facts;
but I suppose this inquiry is iu relation to a
question of law, whether under certain law
certain powers exist, and that, I think, is not
contemplated in the appointment of this com-
mission.
Mr. THURMAN. Who knows what the con-
stitution of Dominica is?
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
himself says the commission is appointed to
elicit facts and not to consider questions of
law. That would be a very proper question
to refer to the Committee on the Judiei ivy,
which is honored by the honorable Senator
from Ohio being a member.
Mr. THURMAN. One word fn rcspect to
that, and I beg pardon of tho Senate for occu-
pying so much time. Anybody who will look
into the Congressional Library (and he will
have to look into the newspapers in that, I can
tell him,) will find that revolutions in Domin-
ica have been as frequent as the equinox. I
do not think the sun has ever crossed the
line without seeing a revolution in Domin-
ica since tho year of 1848; and what is the
constitution of Dominica for any given month
or day of the year is a question for investi-
gation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this
question the yeas and nays are called for.
Senators who second the demand will rise.
Only seven Senators rising to support the
call, less than one fifth of the Senators pres-
ent, the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. "Will tho
Senate concur in the amendments made as iu
Committee of the Whole?''
Mr. CASSERLY. After those amendments
are adopted will it still be in time to address
the Senate on the joint resolution?
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that it will.
The amendments were concurred in.
I'hePRESIDINGOFFICER. If no further
amendmentbe proposedthequestionis, "Shall
the joint resolution be engrossed for a third
reading?"
