1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
JJv. BURCHARD. I raise a point of order
on the clause just read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWES. There is no doubt that the
ruling of the Chair is correct; but I would
like the privilege of making a statement to
the House, and then it may be prepared to vote
upon the matter. There are eight of these
buildings provided for in the bill   
Mr. WELKER. Are there not sixteen of
these new buildings,involving an expenditure
of $1,500,000.
Mr. DAWES. There is no doubt that the
point of order raised is a good one. The com-
mittee anticipated it; but the; desire through
me to make a statement of the grounds 
Mr. BURCHARD. I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES,. I supposed that the House
might indulge me in making a statement.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds of the House
can give the gentleman leave to make an
explanation.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in this bill
there are ten of these buildings appropriated
for, all tb^ appropriations resting upou a com-
mon ground.
Mr. BURCHARD. 1 object to debate.
Mr. SAKGENT. I move to suspend the
rules, so as to allow the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to make bis explan-
ation.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. The House wilt recollect
that last yeav the Committee on Appropri-
ations stienuously opposed the commence-
ment of any new public works, and on the
suggestion of the committee the House at that
time adopted a resolution of inquiry in, the
following terms:
"Revolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to, report to this House which, it'any, of the
public buddings uot yet commenced, for winch, esti-
mates have been submitted at the present session
to either House of Congress trom his Departmeut, ia
liis opinion the public exigencies require to be com-
tqenced during the nextfiscalyear; and on which,
ifany, ot the publicbuildings now in processof con-
struction, tor which estimates have so been mado,
the public exigencies require the work to bo con-
tinued during the said year."
He communicated the fact, as he supposed,
that public necessity required the buildings
which are now in this bill—all the build-
ings now in this bill, and two more covered
by amendments to be proposed by the com-
mittee if these are adopted. The committee,
however^ although the supervising architect
recommended some twenty in all, and the
Secretary of the Treasury had reduced that
number to six or eight. The Committee on
Appropriations reported against them all' last
year, and were sustained by the House. How-
ever, this year the supervising architect has
renewed the recommendations for all of them.
The Secretary of the Treasury has written a
letter to the committee, bearing date the 10th
of February, 1871, in answer to the resolution
ol the committee, in which he reaffirms his
opinion of the public necessity as to these.
The committee adopted it resolution that they
would postpone the further consideration, in
each,case of proposed appropriations for pub-
lic buildings, until after plans of the building
in such cijse, with detailed specifications and
statement of cost, shall be laid before the
committee, showing the size, character, and
plan of said building, and the amount within
which, the cost of the building can be limited,
based upon the most economical estimates pos-
sible consistent with the wants of the service
in each particular case, said specifications to
be prepared by the proper officers of the
Treasury Department.
Thus the committee sent to all, the parties
interested in the public buildings, and the
result was that the Secretary of the Treasury
submitted his estimates, under this resolution,
in refereace to the buildings now inserted in
this bill. Under these circumstances the com-
mittee have put them into this bili for the pur-
pose of submitting them to the consideration
of the House. If the House believe the pub-
lic service can get along another year without
the commencement of these public buildings,
they will, of course, vote them out of the bill.
I say, in behalf of the committee that they
have gone over each one of these specifications
by itself and put upon each one a limitation by
Congress, an affirmation of law that it shall be
unlawful to expend any money beyond that
limitation. Several have been cut down fifty
per cent, on the estimates of the supervising
architect; and we required him, as in the
Agricultural Department building here, to
build them of brick instead of stone, as they
were estimated for by the architect.
Mr. WELKER. Let me ask the chairman
some questions, so that I may understand this
proposition,
Mr. STRONG. I object.
Mi\ DAWES. I desire the House shall be
in possession of all the facts, hecause the first
vote will settle the whole of them.
Mr. STRONG. I submit the following
motion: I move to suspend the rules as to
all .points of order which can be made with
regard to the paragraphs relating to the erec-
tion of buildings at Trgnton, New Jersey; St.
Louis, Missouri; San Francisco, California;
Hartford, Connecticut^ Albany, New York;
Nashville, Tennessee; Port Huron and Grand
Rapids, Michigan; La Crosse, Wisconsin;
Quincy, Illinois; Macbias, Maine; Montgom-
ery, Alabama; Little Rock, Arkansas; and
Paducah, Kentucky; assay office at Helena,
Montana, and pavilion hospital at San Fran-
cisco ; and also the paragraph relating to the
extension of the building at Indianapolis, In-
diana, for the purpose of permitting all of said
paragraphs to be considered by the House.
Mr. DAWES. I protest against this meas-
ure.
Mr. MANNING. I ask that Raleigh, North
Carolina, be included.
Mr. STRONG. I put m,all those in the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. It is not proposed to pass
these, but to bring them before the House for
action.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It'simply allows
them to be considered and does uot pass
them.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. MANNING. I wish to move to amend
to include Raleigh, North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not amendable.
The question being taken on Mr. Strong's
motion, to suspend the rules, there were—ayes
fifty-two.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. CONGER. I do.not propose to debate
the question. I know the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. What does the gentleman
propose to do ?
Mr. CONGER. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I desire to know whether,
if this resolution passes, these paragraphs will
' be submitted to theconsideration ofthe House?
The SPEAKER. The House was dividing,
and the gentleman had no right to interrupt
tl)e division, by an.inquiry-. The Chair had. dis-
tinctly stated that the motion was to suspend
the rules in order that these paragraphs might
be considered in order as reached. The motion
to suspend the rules having been submitted to
a.division, fifty-two have voted "ay." Those
opposed to suspending the rules will rise.
The noes were seventy-one.
Mr. STRONG. I ask for the yeas andnays.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that it would be better to take the sense of the
House on suspending the rules in regard to
these appropriations separately, so that each
may be fairly considered oil its merits.
Mr. STRONG. I withdraw my request for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to suspend the
rules, in order that the first of these j
making an appropriation for the erection of
a Government building at Trenton, New Jer-
sey, may be considered in order.
The question was put on suspending the
rules, and there were—ayes 81, noes 47 ; two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. HAIGHT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. HaiOHT and
Mr. FarkSworth were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 107, noes 36.
Mr. JUDD and Mr. WELKER called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 142, nays 52, not voting 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong, At-
wood.Axtcli, Ayer, Banks, jjarnum, Barry, jieaman,
Beck, Bennett, Bethune, Biggs, Bingham, Biid,
Boles, Booker. George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buck,Buffinton, iJurriett. Burr, Benjamin P. Butler,
Calkin, Churchill, William 'X. Clark, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cox. Crebs, Darrall,
Dawes. Dickey, Dickinson. Joseph Dixon, Dockerv,
Dox, Dyer. Kldridge. Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gilfitian, (jiiswuld, Haight, Hal-
deman, Hale, Hambleton. Hamill,Hamilton, Harris,
Hawley, Hays, Ileflin.Hill, Hogc, Jenckes, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones,. Julian, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey,
Kerr, Laah, Lewis, Manning, Marshall, Mayham,
Maynard, McCormick. McKee, McKenzie, McNeely.
Miines, William Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Mor-
reil, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Negley, Niblack,
Halbert K Pains, William W. Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Peree, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Price, Pros-
ser, Rainey, Randall, Rice, Roots, San ford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Shober, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stoughton, Stra-
der, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Sypber,Taffe, Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tillman, Tawnsend, Trimble, TwichelJ,
VanAuken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Wallaee, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Wells, Williams, EugeneM.
Wilson. Winchester, Wood, and Young—142.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Beatty, Benton, Blair, Burcbard, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Donley, Duval,
Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fisher, Hawkins, Hay,
Hoar, Holmaa, Hotchkiss, Judd. Knapp. Laflin,
Lawrence,Loughridge,MeCarthy,McCrary,MeGrew,
Eliakim II. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill,
Orfch, Packard, Packer, Pomeroy, Porter, Reeves,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith. Stevens,
Upson, Van Wyck, Wa.rd, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Willard, John T. Wilson, and Wolf—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Allison.Benjamin,Bowen,
Boyd, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Cleveland, Corker, Cowles, Degener, Nathan F.
Dixon, Duke, Gibson, Holmes, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Alexander!!. Jones, Keteham, Knott, Logan, Long,
Lynch, Mercur, Jesse H. Moore,.Morey, Newsham,
O'Neill, Phelps, Rogers, Scofield, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon Slocum, Stone, Sweeney, Tyner, Voorhees,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Winans.
Witcher, and Woodward—46.
So (two thirds-having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The rules having been
suspended, the appropriation is in order. If
no amendment to the paragraph is offered the
Clerk will read the next paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
To purchase a lot in the city of St. Louis, on which
to erect a public building for the use of the custom-
house. post office, and other Government offices,
$100,000; Provided, That said lot shall be purchased
by th® Seoretary of the Treasury within nine months
from and after the approval of this act: Andpro-
virfed further, That the total cost of said lot and
building shall not exceed SI,000,000, and any expend-
iture on any plan involving greater expense shall
be deemed unlawful.
Mr. WELKER. I raise the point of order
on that paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
that paragraph is considered I desire to amend
the text.of the paragraph which has just been
agreed to with reference to the Government
building at Trenton, New Jersey. In the sixty-
first line I propose to- strike out the word
"valid" before the word "title," and to insert
after the word " title" the words " in fee sim-
ple."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first have
to decide upon the point of order submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker.J
Mr. DAWES. My colleague desires simply
to go back to the previous paragraph for the
purpose of perfecting the text.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to state a fact in
regard to.this St. Louis building.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
