1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
Mr. C ASSEKLY. I have often had occasion
to express myself, sometimes, perhaps, more
strongly than 1 should have done, of the use-
lessness of these midnight sitting-out sessions.
We never have had one that seemed to me more
useless than that in which we are now engaged.
Had the Senate adjourned at midnight, or
earlier, we should probably have avoided a
rambling and dilatory debate. We undoubt-
edly should have avoided a repetition of some
of the unpleasant scenes of the previous part
of the day. Now, sir, for at least six hours
the Senate has been in no condition to give its
connected attention for any considerable period
of time to any subject relating to the joint
resolution before it. I do not say this in any
spirit of criticism ; I have no right to criticise
the Senate ; but merely as 'an illustration of
what I regard as the uselessness of these all
night sessions. The result is that it would be
the merest mockery and farce in the world for
sne, at least—perhaps for anybody, to under-
take to address the Senate at any length on the
merits of this measure. Yet. undoubtedly, it
is a measure of such importance, and pressed
here in such a temper and under such cir-
cumstances, as to deserve considerable dis-
cussion.
i have seen some exhibitions of the temper
and the power of a majority since I came into
this body. I think I never have seen any exhi-
bition that seemed to me so utterly without
cause or reasonable motive as the exhibition
of the mere physical power of a majority of
thirty or thirty-three men to keep from fifteen
to twenty men here during an all-night session.
It must be apparent to everybody now that every
rational good purpose would have been equally
subserved by an adjournment at or before mid-
night and a resumption of this business at noon
to-day at the regular hour of meeting.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
- Mr. MORTON. It has been apparent, no
doubt, to 'our friends in the minority that it was
the intention to dispose of this resolution be-
fore adjournment. 1 do not think that purpose
is to be frustrated. Our friends in the minority
can subject us to pretty severe punishment in
the way of staying here, especially two or three
of us, but I do not think our purpose can be
defeated. My friend from California presents
a formidable array of books ; it looks rather
terrifying at this hour in the morning; but still
if it is his will that we must'stay here, I for
one shall submit to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President——
Mr. SCOTi'. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to address the Chair
upon a parliamentary question. I have felt it
my duty to attend upon the sessions of the
Senate on every occasion when the public ex-
igencies seemed so important as to keep the
Senate here during the night. I find upon
looking at the rules that no Senator shall be
absent without leave. I have been as much
punished by remaining, whether I be counted
in the minority or the majority, as the Senator
from Indiana has been. I have desired that
this business should be disposed of, and have
certainly interposed no factious action. I
intend, however, to be punished no longer
unless it is the intention of the Senate to coin-
pel all the members of the body to do their
duty. I begin, sir, by asking leave of absence
until twelve o'clock to-morrow, the regular
time for meeting.
The PRESIDI N G- OP PI CER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania desires leave of absence
from the Senate. The question will be on
granting leave
Mr. CARPENTER. For how long?
Mr. SCOTT. I stated specifically until
twelve o'clock to-morrow, the regular time
of meeting.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks leave of absence until
twelve o'clock to-morrow, (or to-day.)
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that in order? There
is another matter pending before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that this motion is in order. It
relates to the personal convenience of Senators, .
and any Senator has a right to ask it. Sen-
ators in favor of granting this leave will say
"ay;" Senators opposed will say "no."
[Putting the question.] The noes have it.
Leave is not granted.
Mr. SCOTT. Then, Mr. President, what-
ever less than a quorum of the Senate can do
a quorum can do. I move for a call of the
Senate, for the purpose of sending the Ser-
geant-at-Arms for the absentees.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course the Senate has
the power to do this ; but I wish to suggest to
my honorable friend that I think I never knew
an order of this kind made by the Senate unless
there was less than a quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that if the call had developed the want
of a quorum the Senator from Pennsylvania
would have the right to make this motion.
Mr. HARLAN. If he doubts the pr-esence
of a quorum the motion is a proper one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. While a quo-
rum is present the Senate is present. The
Chair thinks the motion is out of order.
Mr. SCOTT. I made the motion for the
purpose of raising the question of order to
ascertain whether it is possible for a majority
of a quorum of the Senate to keep unwilling
members here and not send for those who ab-
sent themselves without leave. It is a tyranny
which certainly no majority of a quorum ought
to exercise.
Mr. CONKLING. May I be allowed to
make a suggestion to my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania? His bodily discomfort and mine
would be none the less if other persons had
been subjected to the same discomfort, and yet
that seems to be the ruling idea in his mind.
Now, I submit to the Chair that the last vote
and every vote having disclosed the presence
of a quorum, it is not in order for the Seuator
to make a motion to ascertain a fact the reverse
of which is matter of record.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Chair has decided that
question.
Mr. CONKLING. Not that question.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps, if I may be
allowed to say a few words, I may solve this
difficulty.
The Senator from Indiana, I hope, knows—
I hope every other Senator knows—that I have
no purpose at any time ever to inflict annoy-
ance upon any member of this body. But I
must confess that I do not precisely understand
the logic by which, in rather a recriminating
spirit, he suggests to me that I am punishing
him by keeping him here; because he does that
when he says I can punish him if I choose by
detaining him here for several hours longer.
That honorable gentleman and his associates
are my jailors; they are keeping me here.
It is they who are punishing me, keeping me
here, and thus punishing themselves also. I
was willing to release them and to be released
myself at twelve o'clock midnight, or any hour
previously, and to come to an understanding
for taking the vote at any hour to day—I
suppose it is to-day now, legislatively and
otherwise considered—that would be agree-
able to the majority. I made no factious tight.
I have never yet spoken and I hope I never
shall speak against time. Whenever I have
spoken at length, when to the majority it
seemed that I was talking out of season, it
was in order to assert my right of debating
fully an important, question; that was all.
Now, sir, under the circumstances, I do not
feel disposed to detain the Senate any longer.
When this matter comes again before the Sen-
ate, as doubtless it will, either upon the report
made by these ^commissioners or in some other
shape, I will have an opportunity, of course, to
present my views as fully, and perhaps more
agreeably to myself and to those who may listen
to me, than I can do it now.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the resolution pass.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I will not
detain the Senate over three minutes.
When this debate commenced I had the
purpose of stating briefly a few facts which
would influence me to vote for this resolution.
When the resolution was introduced into the
Senate I was absentfrom Washington, and my
attention was first called to it in the public
newspapers. My judgment, upon reading it
carefully and considering it, was that it was a
fair, judicious proposition. Being opposed to
the annexation of Dominica, and expecting to
be opposed to it, I could not bring myself to
vote against a resolution which simply pro-
posed an inquiry into certain facts. I did not
see that by voting for this resolution I in any
way committed myself to adopt the conclusions
of the commission ; and I wish to state now
that in voting for this resolution I hold myself
at perfect liberty to vote, as I expect to do,
against annexation under any circumstances
whatever, although I say that if the facts pre-
sented shall be sufficient to convince me that
it is right, I of course, in the exercise of my
judgment, shall vote accordingly; but I do
not expect that any facts can be presented
which will induce me so to vote.
Mr. BAYARD. On this vote I am paired
with the honorable Senator from Michigan,
Mr. Howard. If he were here he would vote
"yea" and I should vote "nay."
Mr. LEWIS. I will say that my colleague
[Mr. Johxston] has been compelled to leave.
i the Chamber, and I have paired with him. I
| did it very reluctantly.
i The question being taken by yeas and nays,
: resulted—yeas 32, nays 9; as follows:
j YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Carpen-
! ter, Chandler, Cole, Oonlding, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
; mund?, Flanagan. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
i lan, ilowe, Howell, Morton, Nye,Osborn, Pomeroy,
1 Pool, Itainpcy, llevels, Ross, Sawyer, Scott., Sherman,
! Stewart, Thayer, Warner, Willey, and "Williams—3i
j IS AYS—Messrs.Casserly.MeCreery, Morrill of Ver-
i mont, Patterson, Schurz, Stockton, tiumner, Thur-
I man. and Tipton—9.
I ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Boreman,
j Buckingham.Caraeron.Cattell, Davis, Fenton, Ferry,
I Fowler.Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris,How-
! ard, Johnston. Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill
| of Maine, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury. Spen-
1 cor, Sprague, Trumbull, Tickers, Wilson, Wirulom,
J and Yates—3D.
I So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. OONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; [six o'clock aud
and thirty-seven minutes a. m,, Thursday, De-
cember 22 ;] and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
I Wednesday, December 21, 1870.
| The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
' by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
The Journal of yesterday was read aud
j approved.
; * OCEAN TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, reported
: from the Committee on Foreign Affairs a bill
i (H. It. No. 2591) relating to telegraph com-
munication between the United States and for-
i eign countries ; which was read a first and sec-
■ ond time, and, with the accompanying report,
! ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
: Committee on Foreign Affairs.
1 FLACERVrU,!! AND SAC1UMKNTO KAILBOAD.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for consideration at this time, a
bill to forfeit to the United States certain lands
granted to the Placerville and Sacramento \ al-
