31710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. YOUNG. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Young, to suspend
the rules, was not agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 878) to amend an act enti-
tled i4 An act to establish and declare the rail-
road and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile,
and Chattanooga Railroad Company, as here-
after constructed, a post road, and for other
purposes," approved March 2, 1868, asked a
conference with the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the said bill, and
had appointed as conferees on the part of the
Senate Mr. Spencer, Mr. McDonald, and
Mr. Fowler.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House joint
resolution and bill of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 510) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal; and
An act (II. R. No. 2936) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Han-
negan.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of a Government building in Hart-
ford, Connecticut, upon plans which will iu?ure its
•completion for the sum ot #300,000, the half of which
is hereby appropriated. $150,000: Provided, That
within nine months from iho passage of this act a
lot of land .subject to the acceptance of the Secretary
of the Treasury he conveycd tor that purpose, and
the jurisdiction thereof ceded to the United States.
Mr. AMBLER. 1 raise the point of order
that there is no law authorizing the appropri-
ation contained in the paragraph just read.
Mr. STRONG. In answer to a resolution
passed by this House at the last session, on
the motion of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury named Hartford at the head of the list of
places where buildings of this character were
in his'opinion most necessary. The appro-
priation has also been recommended m a report
from a special agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment. Does not this bring the appropriation
•within the rules?
The SPEAKER. It does not; the Chair
must rule out the paragraph.
Mr. STRONG. I move to suspend tho rules,
so that the paragraph may be considered in
order.
On the motion there were—ayes 08, noes 48 5
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ambler and
Mr. Strong were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes 53.
Mr. STRONG asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 115, nays G7, not voting 58 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Aspev, Atwood,
Ayer. Bailey, Banks, Barnutn. Beatnan, Beck, Ben-
nett, Benton, .Bethune, Bird. Boles, Booker, George
M. Brooks,Buck, Buckley, Biiliinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill. William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cowles, l>awes,
Ihekey, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, Ferrias, Ferry,
Fin keln burg. Fisher, Firch. Gil fill an, Griswoid. Hale,
Hamilton, ilawley, linys, Hill, Hoar, iioge. Holmes,
llotchkis^, Jenckcs, Johnsou, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg. ICelsev. Knapp, Linflin, Lo>r; n, Long, Lynch,
Maytiam, Maynard, McCarthy, Mclvce, Mercur,
Milnes, Je^e ii. Moore, Morey, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Palmer, Peek, Peroo, Peters, Poland, Porter,
Potter,Price, Proper, llamey, Kendall, Roots, San-
ford, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon,William J.
Smith, Wurtiiington C Smith, Starkweather, Stoke^
Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tnylor. Tillman,
Townsend,Trimble, Twicbell, Up-son, Van Horn, Van
"Wyck, ice, VViird, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
"William B. Washburn. Weils, Whiteley, Wilkinson,
"Williams, and Wolf—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Arebcr,
Arnell, Beatty, Blair, Burciiard, Burr, AmasaCobb,
Cook, Cox, Crebs, Darrall, Dickinson, Dox, Duke,
Duval, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox. Getz, Ilal-
deman, Hainbleton, llainill. Hawkins, Hay, Thomas
h. Jones. Judd, Kerr, Lash. Lawrence, Lewis. Lough-
ridge, Manning, Marshall, McCormick, McCrary,
McGrew, McNeely, Elinkim H. Moore, Morphis,
Morrissey, Mungcn, Packard, Packer. Piatt, Pomc-
roy. Reeves. Schumaker, Shanks, Sherrod, Shober,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Stevens. Stiles, Strader,
Swanu, Van Auken, Welker, Willard, Winchester,
Wood. Woodwnrd, nnd Young—(57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Barry, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bingham.Bowcn, Boyd. James Brooks. Cake,
Calkin, Cleveland, Corker, Cullom. Degener, Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Garfield, Gibson, Ilaight,
Harris, Hefhn, Holman, Hooper, Ingersoll, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Ketch am, Knott, McKenzie, Wil-
liam Moore. Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley,
Newshain. Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,Haibert E. Paine,
William W. Paine, Phelps, liice, Rogers, Scofield,
Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stone,
Sroughton. Sweeney, Sypher. Tyner, Van Trump,
Voorhees. Wheeler, Whitinorc, Eugene M. "Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Wmans, and Witcher—53.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the House refused to suspend the rules
for the purpose indicated.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the purpose of erecting a Government build-
ing in Albany, New York, upon plans which will
insure itscompletion, togetherwith thesum allowed
for purchase ot the site, ($50,000) at a total cost ot
^•350,000, of which the sum of $200,000 is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make the point of
order on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of having that amend-
ment considered arid passed.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
76, noes 45.
Mr. MAYHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mayham and
Mr. Lawrence were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—aves 110, noes 30.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 127, nays 59, not
voting 54 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Ayer, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Beck, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Boles. Booker. James Brooks, Buck, Buckley.
Burr. Roderick It. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Wil-
hamT. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Conner, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Dawes, Dickinson,
Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Dox. Duke, Dyer, Eld-
ridge, Fcrriss, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Getz, Griswold, ilaight. Hale, Hambleton, Hainill,
Hamilton, Ilawley, Hays, Ilotchkiss, Jenckes, John-
son, ThomasL. Jones, Kelley. Kellogg, Kelscy. Kerr,
Keteham, Knapp.Lallin, Lash, Lewis, Long, Lynch,
Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, MeCor-
mick, McKee, McKenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Milnes,
Morey, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, William
W. Paine, Peck, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Pi ice. Pros-
per, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strader, Strickland. Strong,
■Swann, Sypher, Tanner, Trimble, Twichell, Van
Auken, Van Horn, Wallace, Weils, Wilkinson, Eu-
gene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Asper,
Bailey, Beatty, Benton, Bethune, Blair, George M.
Brooks, Bullinton, Burchaid, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cessna, Ainasa Cobb, Cook, Cullom, DarraU, Don-
ley, Duval, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Giltillan,
Hawkins, Uay, Holman, Judd, Julian, Lawrence,
Loughridge, McCrary, McGrew, Eliakini H. Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell. Orth, Packard, Packer,
Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Shanks. John A.
Smith, Stevens, Tafie. Taylor, Tillman, Townsend,
Tvner, Upson, William -B. Washburn, Welker,
Whiteley, Whumore, Willard, Williams, and John
T. Wilson—59.
NOT VOTING—Mepsrs, Armstrong, Arnell. At-
wood, Axtell, Beaman, Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd,
Burdett, Cake, Sidney Olaike, Cleveland, Corker,
Degener, Dickey, Nathan F. Dixon, Ela, Gibf-on,
Haldeman, Hams, ILefhn, Ilill, Hoar,Hogc, Holmes,
Hooper, Ingeraoll, Alexander 11. Jones, Knott, Lo-
gan, Mayisard, Jc^se 11. Moore, William Moore,
Morgan, JSamuei P. Morr'll, Negley. Newsham,
Niblack, llaibertE. Paine, Palmer, Peters, Rainey,
Rogei?-, Porter Sheldon, Steven.-on, Stoughton,
Mveenoy, Van Trump. V;iu Wyck, Voorliee-s, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler, Winans. and
Woll—ol.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the lules were suspended, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the paragraph by inserting after the
word 4' appropriated" the words '"provided
that the title in fee-simple shall be made to the
United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS. I move the following amend-
ment:
For the erection of a public building in t^e town
ot Dover,Delaware,fortheuse ofa postoffice, $-5,000:'
Provided, That no uiopiey hereby nppropriatedfh.ill
be used or .applied for the purpose until a valid title
to the land for the site of. such building shall be
vested in the United States, without cost to the
Government.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order
on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order,
Mr. BIGGS. I move the rules be suspended
for the purpose of considering and passing the
amendment.
Th.e House divided: and there were—ayes
86, noes 80.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
enrolled kill and joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
nnd found truly enrolled the following bill and
joint resolution j when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (Ii. R. No. 2936) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Han-
negan ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 519) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship canal.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. STRONG. I movethefollowingamend-
aient:
For the erection of a Government building in Hart-
ford, Connecticut, upon plans which will ins-uru its
completion for the sum ol $300,000, the third ot which
is. hereby appropriated, $100,000: Provided, That
within nine months fiom the passage of this act a lot
of land subject to the acceptance ot the Secretary of
the Trea.-ury be conveyed for that purpose, and the
jurisdiction thereof ceded to the United States.
Mr. BUKCHAED. I raise the point of order
on that.
"Mr. STRONG I move that the rules be
supended that the amendment may be con-
sidered in order.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 92, noes 81.
Mr. AMBLER called for the yeas and riays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. AMBLER called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to amend the amendment by inserting after
the word "land" the words "which may be
used for such building."
Mr. STRONG. I accept that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. McGREW. I desire to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "pur-
poses" the words "in fee-simple, without cost
to the Government."
Mr. STRONG. I accept that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the ereetion of a Government building in
Niislivilie, Tennessee, upon plans which will in-ure
its completion for the sum of S^fiOUOO, the liuit of
which is hereby appiopriated, $100*000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make the point of
order upon that clause.
Mr. PllOSSEU. 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this appro-
priation is made under existing law. At the
last session of this Congress a joint resolution
