1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
many of his compeers enjoyed in their youth,
he achieved both fortune'and fame by his own
inherent force of character. Untiring industry,
indomitable energy, frugality without parsi-
mony, an intellect quick to apprehend and a
judgmentremarkably acute to apply the knowl-
edge he acquired in his intercourse with men,
were the elements that combined to make his
life, in a worldly point of view, a success. The
secret of his popularity at home consisted in
the fact that after he had risen to affluence and
attained to honorable public station he did
ntit, as many have done under similar circum-
stances, turn his "back upon the scene of his
early,and humble toil and take up his abode
amid the splendors of fashionable life, where
his wealth and position would have drawn
toward him that society which is so much
coveted by man's vain ambition, but remained
at the old secluded homestead, in the romantic
but rugged and wild mountains of Westmore-
land, and employed his time and means in
developing and improving not only his imme-
diate neighborhood, but the whole of western
Pennsylvania.
John Covode had his faults, as who of us
has not? But whatever may be recorded
against him in the great book of God's remem-
brance, there will also be entered to his credit
many an act of kindness, many a generous
deed, many a work of charity, many a token
of pure friendship. His death was sudden ;
so sudden and startling that when the intelli-
gence first reached this city it was hardly
credited. It was a surprise to all; and may
I not say that none who knew him heard it
confirmed without a pang of sorrow? Like
the great statesman of Kentucky, no man had
warmer friends and none more bitter enemies.
Now that he has gone to "the undiscovered
country from whose bourn no traveler re-
turns," the latter may properly imitate the
magnanimity of Henry Clay, who, when it
was expected that he would rejoice at the
death of his life long foe, bowed his head in
sorrow and feelingly exclaimed, " When God
lays His hand upou my enemy I take miue
off."
For myself, burying all partisan animosity
in the grave that has but lately closed over
John Covode's remains, I shall henceforth
bear him in the same kindly remembrance
that I know he would have borne for me had
death summoned me hence before him.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Speaker, those of
us from Pennsylvania who have been some-
what engaged in public affairs have long known
John Covode by general repute ; and in the
brief period during which 1 was personally
acquainted with him i found him to corre-
spond to the general conception 1 lfad pre-
viously formed. He had a kind heart, but an
unyielding will. Wish marked intellectual and
physical energy, the circumstances of his life
were such as todevelopall the strong elements
of his character. The substratum of John
Covode was true grit: the elements of his
nature were granitic. Under any circumstances
and in any of the spheres of life he would have
been successful. But it was his good fortune
to early feel that he was dependent on his own
efforts and his unaided energies. Life was for
him a battle, and in that, battle he emerged from
each successful struggle with a more clearly
defined and more self-reliant character. The
granite of his character was exposed to the
blows of fortune; but each blow was like the
sculptor's chisel, developing more clearly the
well-defined lineaments and torm and mind and
heart of John Covode—the man—whom we
all so familiarly knew. Adversity is necessary
to the development of true manhood. Nations
and individuals who are possessed of inherent
vigor and strength emerge from great trials
more complete and admirable.
Mr. Covode was not educated as the schools
understand education. The soji of a " re-
demptioner," and thrown chiefly upon his own
resources, he obtained a better education and
more complete development from victorious
contact with the world than he who, born to
ease and with all the facilities of technical
education, emerges from the university with
the idea that his education is ended, when
truly he has merely acquired the educational
tools with which he is to work out such fortune
and accomplish such duty as Heaven sets him
to do. The man who, like a Gladstone or a
Disraeli, is born to comparative fortune and is
crammed with all the learning of the schools,
who has tasted of the delights, of sttidy and
mental acquisition, who has luxuriated amid
philosophical and scientific investigation, who
has been tempted to pass his life in the serene
enjoyment of his taste for art and science and
research, far removed from the deceptions and
trials and disappointments and uncongenial
associations of public life, such a man who yet
wrests himself away fromlaborious yet delight-
ful days, to become a leader of men and take
active part in the battle of life, deserves per-
haps as much credit as one who, like Mr.
Covode, is compelled to strive, and striving,
win the prize. The one rises superior to his
crushing mass of knowledge, whether profit-
able or unprofitable ; he becomes the master
of his acquirements, and is not mastered by
them, as is too often the case. He shows his
true grit by overcoming the natural tendency
to ease and luxury, and bravely assumes his
share of the burden of those who believe that
each of us owe our best endeavors to the
amelioration of the nation'sand the race's con-
dition. The other is so fortunate as to feel the
constant goad—to be developed by necessity
and adversity, but which he, too, overcomes.
Each plays well his part, each fulfills the
duties Providence has set him to do, and
thereby gains true honor and esteem. Success
is in the man, in the unyielding determination
to overcome obstacles, whether those obstacles
arise out of comfort and luxury, or out of
adversity and want.
Each of these typical men would probably
succeed in either sphere. But it is the great
merit of our institutions and civil polity that
eminent success is here possible and facilitated
for nature's strong men, no matter whether
fortuitously placed high or low, with or with-
out the so-called advantages of fortune. There-
fore, John Covode's career is eminently typi-
cal. Such lives as his are the vindication and
the glory of the Republic. They are numerous;
they are on all sides of us. They point the true
moral of free government, which is founded to
cultivate and develop individual man in all
those talents and gifts and yearnings which he
has received from nature and nature's God ;
to give full scope for the exercise of his facul
ties and secure to him his just share of reward.
The question was taken on the resolutions:
and they were unanimously agreed to; and
thereupon the House (at four o'clock and
fifteen minutes p. m.} adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLEVELAND : A remonstrance of
citizensof Hudsoncounty, New Jersey, against
granting the public lauds to railroad or other
monopolies. ,
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of W. S. Towle
and,others, asking the establishment of a light-
house at the mouth of Au Sable river, Lake
Huron.
Also, the petition of E. F. Lawrence and
others, for the same.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The memorial
of Betsy P. Walker, of Belpre, Ohio,'for the
restoration of five-twenty United States bonds
destroyed by fire.
By Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin: The petition
of It. C. Spencer, for the incorporation business
colleges.
By Mr. SARGENT: Papers and adverse
brief in the case of Elizabeth Lafitte, of Louis-
iana.
By Mr. STEVENS: A petition of assistant
marshals of New Hampshire, for additional
compensation in taking: the ninth census.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The memorial of
George H: Satterlee and 74 others, citizens
of Eagle Harbor, Michigan, praying for an
appropriation of $20,000 to complete, a chan-
nel through the rock to the "harbor sixty feet
wide, $65,000 having been expended in this
work; and the sum asked for will complete
said channel, and if not appropriated the ex-
penditure already made will be of but little
value.
By Mr. WARD: A petition of 8 homeo-
pathic physicians of Westchester county, New
York, 12 of Dutchess county, 4 physicians and
2i others, citizens of Brooklyn, New York, 53
citizens of Schoharie county, and 115 citizens
of Steuben county, New York, in favor of the
incorporation of a national homeopathic uni-
versity at Washington, District of Columbia.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin : The
petition of Moses B. Bliss, ofEau Claire, Wis-
consin, asking the adoption of a metrical sys-
tem of weights and measures.
Also, the petition of Isaac J. Moore and
others, citizens of Superior, Wisconsin, asking
an appropriation to complete the harbor of
Superior. -
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 10,1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
executive communication.
The VJCE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with the resolution
of the Senate of December 14, 1870, the report
of the Engineer Bureau on the proposed ship-
canal from Fort St. Philip to Breton Island;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
steamship llne to mexico.
Mr. POMEliOY. According to the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from' Louisiana
[Mr. Kellogg] yesterday in reference to some
bills reported by the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, of which I am a member,
relating to steamship subsidies, I ask, having
looked over the business that has been assigned
for next week, that an order be made for an
evening session on Monday for the purpose of
considering those bills. I think the Senator
from Louisiana will be gratified, and we all
shall, to know exactly when these bills will be
taken up, and the public business is in such a
condition that we must have particular days
assigned for particular business.
The VICE PRES1DEN T. TheSenatorfrom
Kansas asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate have an evening session on Monday for
the consideration of the bills indicated by him.
Is there objection?
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand that the
business to be transacted at that evening ses-
sion will be confined to the measure relating
to steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico?
Mr. POMEROY. These measures- There
are one or two ot' them reponed by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and R)st ltoads; two
■bills, I think.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to making those bills
a special order.
Mr. POMEliOY. Then I move 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to entertain the motion at this
time. Petitions and memorials are now in
order. Resolutions have not been reached.
committee on disorders in the soctu.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Nye a member of the select committee to
