272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
ley Ilailroad Company, to aid in constructing a
railroad from the town of Folsom to the town
of Plaeerville, in the State of California. It
makes no grant, but simply forfeits lands
already granted.
Mr. JULIAN. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It provides that all lands
which were granted by Congress in the year 1866
to the Piacerville and Sacramento Yalley Hail-
road Company to aid in constructing a railroad
from the town of Folsom to the town of Pia-
cerville, in the State of California, which have
not been patented by the United States to said
company under said grant, which has expired
by limitation, shall be hereby declared for-
feited to the United States; and those lands
shall hereafter be disposed of as other public
lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is right.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No.
2592) was received, read a first and second
time, and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAKGENTmoved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. STILES. I ask the Clerk to read a com-
munication which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Philadelphia, December 20,1870.
Wo have electod Deckert (Democrat) for senator
by 1,3-iO majority.
SAMUEL J. HAND ALL.
Hon. John D. Stiles, M. G., Metropolitan Hotel.
CHEROKEE NISUTItAL LANDS.
Mr. IIOLMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition signed by Colonel Amos San-
ford and two hundred and sixty-nine others,
settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in the
State of Kansas; which was ordered to be
printed in the Globe, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian AO'aiis.
The petition is as follows :
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives
uf the Unitud States of Atnei tea in Cony reus UHbe/ii-
bfed:
We, Lho undersigned settlers on tho Cherokee neu-
tral lands in Kansas, do hereby petition your hon-
orable bodies to pass the bill (II. It. No. 1074) now
ponding in tho lower House of Congress for our relief.
iror full particulars respecting our rights as actual
bona/tde settlers upon these lands,wc bes leave to re-
spectfully refer to the report of Hon. J. P. C. Shanks,
of Indiana, at your last session. As American citi-
zens, devoted to the cause of liberty and freedom;
as ox-Umtod Statesholdicis, who stood by tho flag
of our Union in the darkest hour of its peril; as a
portion of tho people of this nation, and in thename
of (rod, justice, and humanity, we oncc more appeal
to Congicsd for simple justieo and a recognition of
our rights upon said tract under the homestead and
preemption laws of tho United States. For your
speedy action in the premises we earnestly and
respectfully pray, &e.
HEPOKT OF COMMISSIONER OF EDUCATION.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and, under the law, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
/j>*ofoetf/rhat twenty thousand copies of the report
of tho Commissioner of Education bo printed; ten
thousand for tlieuseof the Bureau of Kducation, five
thousand for tho use of the Senate, and live thousand
for the use of the House of Representatives.
PENSIONS TO MISSOURI MILITIA.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. B, No. 2o93) granting pensions
to the widows and children of certain officers
and men of the enrolled Missouri militia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
LOUrSYILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from General Weitzell on the
Louisville and Portland canal j which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
present at this time, and have printed in the
Globe, the memorial of Victoria C. Woodhuil,
claiming the right of suffrage under the four-
teenth and fifteenth articles of amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, and
asking for the enactment of the necessary and
appropriate legislation to guaranty that right
to the women of the United States. I also ask
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
No objection was made j and it was ordered
accordingly.
The petition is as follows :
The memorial of Victoria G. Woodhuil, to the hon-
orable the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, respect-
fully showeth:
That she was born in tho State of Ohio, and is
above the age of twenty-one years; that she has re-
sided in the State of New York during the past three
years; that she is still a resident thereof, and that
ah© is a citizen of the United States as declared by
the fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; that since the adop-
tion of the fifteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution neither theState of New York, nor any
other State, nor any Territory, has passed any law
to deny or abridge the right of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States to vote, ad established by the said article,
neither on account of sex or otherwise; that never-
theless the right to vote is denied to women citizens
of tho United States by the operation of election
laws in the several States and Territories which
were cnaeted prior to the adoption of the said four-
teenth and fifteenth articles, and which are incon-
sistent with the Constitution, ai amended by them,
and therefore the said laws are void and of no eii'e.ct,
but which, being still enforced by the said States
and Territories, render the Constitution inoperative
as regards the right of women citizens to vote ; and
wheieas article six, section two, declares "that
this Constitution and the laws of the United States
which fchall bo made in pursuance thereof, and all
treaties made and which shall be made under the
authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
law of the land; and the judges in every State shall
bo bound thereby, anything m the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing-;" and whereas no distinction between citizens
is made m the Constitution ot the United States on
account of sex. but as the fourteenth article of
amendments to it provides that "no Stale shall
make or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the United
States;" " nor deny to any person within its jurisdic-
tiontheeciual protection of the laws;" and whereas
Congress has power "to make laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution all
powers vested by the Constitution in the Govern-
ment of tho United States," and to make or alter
all regulations in regard to the times and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Representatives,
and especially to enforce by appropriate legislation
the provisions of the said fourteenth article; and
whereas the continuance of tho enforcement of said
local election laws denying and abridging the right
of citizens to vote on account of sex is a grievance to
your memorialist and to various other citizens uf the
United States being women: therefore, your me-
morialist wouid.respectfully petition your honorable
bodies to make such law as in the wisdom of Con-
gress shall bo necessary and proper lor carrying into
execution the right vested by the Constitution in
the citizens of the United States to vote without
icgard to sex.
And your memoralist will ever pray.
VICTORIA C. WOOHDULL.
New York City, December 19,1870.
R. R. IIEATIE.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. II. No. 2504) to
relieve K. R. Heath, of Tennessee, from polit-
ical disabilities 5 which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
JOSEPH FIEDLER.
Mr, PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. H. No. 2595) grauting a pen-
sion to Joseph Fiedler, of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC EXPANSES.
The SPEAKER, by urn uiimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States :
I transmit herewith a report from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in compliance with section two of an
act approved July 7,1870, making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1871, and for
other purposes. TJ_ g_ GBANT.
Executive AIaxsion, December 19,1S70.
The message, with the accompanying doc-
uments, was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
SEIZURE OF SCHOONER GRANADA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, in reply
to a resolution adopted by the House Decem-
ber 7,1870, directing him to communicate any
and all information that may be in the pos-
session of the Department of State relative to
an alleged seizure, of the schooner Granada,
of Provincetown, Massachusetts, a regularly
licensed vessel, by the British cutter Ida F.,
Captain Torry, while lying peacefully at anchor
in the harbor of Port Hood, Nova Scotia, on
the pretext that said schooner had on hoard
too much provision for a two months' fishing
voyage, and was without.clearance papers; and
to state whether in his opinion, in view of the
facts, any legislation is required for the better
security of the rights of American citizens when
engaged in a legitimate fishing voyage.
The communication was, on motion of Mr.
Buffixton, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SCOTLAND LIGHT-SHIP.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid beforeiheHouseacommunicationfrom the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of December 18, 1870, in
relation to the wreck of the Scotland light-ship ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
INCIDENTAL TREASURY EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury,-transmitting- to
the House a detailed statement of the expend-
itures from the appropriation for incidental
and contingent expenses of the Treasury De-
partment for the fiscal year ending June 30.
1870 ; which was referred to the Committee ou
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
STAMPED ENVELOPES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Post-
master General, in answer to a resolution of
the House adopted December 10,1870, in rela-
tion to the actual cost to the Government by the
thousand of the stamped envelopes furnished
underexistingcontracts, and the price at which
the same are sold by the Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF DES MOINES RAPIDS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting to the House,
in answerto a resolution adopted December 12,
1870, a report upon the present condition of
the Des Moines rapids improvement; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN ORPHAN ACCOUNTS,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting esti-
mates of appropriations for expenses of settle-
ment of Indian orphan accounts ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
NA\ AJO INDIANS,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, submitting a draft
ot a joint resolution to render an appropriation
of $75,000 available for feeding the Navajo
Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
