1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
investigate allege} outrages in the southern
States, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
declination of Mr. Stewart.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Parsonsfield, Maine, and a petition of
citizens of Cornish, Maine, praying for the pas-
sage of the bill to secure cheap transportation
of breadstuffs from the West to the sea-board
at uniform rates throughout the year; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying for the
appointment of a commission to an^it and
determine the claims arising out- of damages
done by the Alabama and other British cruis-
ers ; which Was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of the
International Steamship Company, submitting
proposals to revive American commerce and
establish a trail sal lan tic line of American steam-
ships; whioh was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 present a petition from
(lie National Reform League, signed by their
chairman, in which they ask for the appoint-
ment of a commission of inquiry invested with
official authority to visit the southern States,
to summon and examine witnesses, to record
testimony, and report, upon the actual condi-
tion and needs of the freed people there. I
move-ita reference to the special committee on
alleged outrages in the southern Slates.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of John
Shaler, of company 1, seventh Missouri volun-
teer cavalry, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. STEWART presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Nevada, asking
for a repeal of the duly now imposed on quick-
silver; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Samuel Humphreys, of Russell county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, and a petition of citizens
of Iowa, soldiers in the late war, praying an
amendment to the homestead law for their
benefit; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lunds.
Mr. REVELS presented the petition of M.
C. Dowd, of Philadelphia, Neshoba county,
Mississippi, prayingthe removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
William H. Hill, of Bellevue, Bossier parish,
Louisiana, praying to be relieved from the
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution; which
was referred 10 the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Sarali S.
Stafford, of Trenton, New Jersey, daughter of
James Bayard Siofford, a soldier of the revolu-
tionary war, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
John J. Glasson, commodore .United States
Navy, praying for arrears of pay withheld
under the sixth section of the act of January
10, 1857; which was referred to the Commit-
tee an Naval Affairs.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of sol
diers in the late war, praying for an amend-
ment of tha homestead law for their benefit;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands.
Mr. HILL presented the petition of H. W.
Riley, of Lumpkin county, Georgia, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of George P. Fisher, A. Ross Ray & Brothers,
Esau Pickrell, F. Wheatley & Sons, James A.
Magruder, A. H. Pickrell, and one hundred
other tax-payers at the seat of Government,
asking the passage of the bill to provide a
government for the District of Colombia in
the form recommended by the committee of
conference; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
PETITION RECOMMITTED.
Mr. PRATT. I move to reconsider the
vote of the Senate yesterday indefinitely post-
poning the petition of Mrs. Phebe Sofield, a
widow of a revolutionary soldier, and that her
petition, with the accompanying papers, be
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] yesterday reported Senate
bill No. 1301, in relation to railroad bridges
across the Mississippi river. It was reported
by mistake, and with his permission I move
that it be recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
DEATH or HON. JOHN COVODE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
desired by the Senators from Pennsylvania to
announce that at half past three o'clock to day
they expect to announce the death of their late
colleague in the House of Representatives, Mr.
Covtde.
CONTINGENT FUND OP THE IIOCSE.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropria-
tions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2914} making an appropriation for the
contingent fund of the House of Representa-
tives, have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment and to ask for its present
consideration. It is only three or four lines,
and it will take but a few moments.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It appropriates the sum of
$15,000 for miscellaneous items under the
head of contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BALANCES OF LIBBARr APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HOWE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to report a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 815) relating to balances of
appropriations for the Library of Congress and
the Botanic Garden, and I ask that it may be
considered at the present time if there is no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be report -
ed, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
It provides that all balances of appropriations
under the control of the joint Committee on
the Library and unexpended at the expiration
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, may
be expended under the direction of the com-
mittee, and not carried to the surplus fund,
as provided by sections five and six of the
act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1871,
approved July 12, 1870.
The joint resolution was read three times,
and passed.
RED RIVER VALLEY AND SANTA FE RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1287) to incorporate the Red
River Valley, Oklahoma, and Santa F6 Rail-
road Company, have had the same under con-
sideration, and directed me to report it with
an amendment. I beg to say in reference to
this bill that it asks for no subsidy in money
or lands at all, but simply for the right of way
through the Indian territory and other Terri-
tories of the United States.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I rise to ask the Senate
to consider that bill now. I have not here-
tofore during this session asked the Senate
to take up any bill, and I hope they will now
grant me this favor. The bill just reported
asks for no subsidy in money or lands. It is
plain and simple, and I shall be very thankful
for immediate'action upon it. It will take but
a few minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it takes no time I will
oonsent,
Mr. FLANAGAN. None at all. If it does
I will withdraw the demand instantly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th<= Senator from
Texas asks for the present consideration of the
bill reported by the Senator from Michigan,
subject to objection if it gives-rise to debate.
Mr. POMEROY. Does it provide for the
extinction of the Indian title, and give a grant
of land after the Indian title is extinguished?
Mr. FLANAGAN. No, sir; they do not
ask any grant of land except two hundred feet
for the right of way. The road is to run through
the Indian territory, Arkansas, Louisiana, a«d
Mr. HARLAN. Let the bill be read.
The VI CE PRESID ENT. 11 wil 1 be reported,
subject to objection if it gives rise to debate.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
but was interrupted by
Mr. COLE. I regret very much to do so,
but I am under a sort of obligation to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to object to this sort
of business. This bill will take the whole of
the morning hour, and I understand we are to
go into executive session in a short time. This
bill, which is evidently a very long one, can be
read at some evening session, and we can then
dispose of it. I shall be very glad to assist
its passage when the proper time comes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that there are ten pages more of the bill
to read.
Mr. COLE. How many have already been
read ? I am afraid this bill will take the whole
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Seven pages
have been read.
Mr. COLE. I object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered to.-day.
reports of committees.
Mr. CIIAG1N, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1832) to regulate rank in the Navy of the
United States, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2921) to repeal an act entitled "An
act for the survey of grants orclaims ot land,"
approved June 2, 1802, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2520) to amend section twenty-five
of the act of July 15, 1870, providing home-
steads for officers, soldiers, seamen, marines,
and other persons who served'in the Army of
the United States during the rebellion, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. MOR TON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion,
like the motion to adjourn, is in order during
the morning hour.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to make a report froni a committee. I hope
the Senator will allow me to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
