1712
THE OONGHEBSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Grosste, Wisconsin, Upon plans which tfril! insure its
completion for th6 sum of 8100.000, the half of which
is hereby appropriated, $50j000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order on that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr; WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin. I move
that the rules be suspended, so that the para-
graph may be considered in order, and X call
for tellers.
Tellers Were not ordered, only fourteen
members voting therefor.
The question was put 5 and there were—ayes
thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favOr thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
The following paragraph was read:
For purchase of a site and the ereotion of a build-
ing for a custom-house and post office at Machias,
Maine, the unexpended balance of $20,000 heretofore
appropriated.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I fnake the point of
order 011 that amendment.
The SPEAKER. . What point of order?
Mr, LAWRENCE. Thai there is no law
for this purpose.
The SPEAKER. The very words of the
appropriation show that it is in order. It is
an appropriation of an unexpended balance.
Mr. PETERS. It is a continuation of a
work.
The SPEAKER. The wording of the par-
agraph brings it within the rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the paragraph by inserting after the
word * * site7' the words "in fee-simple."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For erection of Government building at Oshkosh,
Wisconsin, upon plans which will secure its comple-
tion for the sum of $100,000, half of which is hereby
appropriated, $50,000.
Mr, DAWES. I make the point of order
on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to suspend the
rules, so as to admit the amendment.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
thirty-nine, noes not counted.
, So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of" a Government building at
Quiney, Illinois, upon plans which will insure its
completion for the sum of $150,000, the half of which
is hereby appropriated, $75,000.
1 raise the point of order
The Chair sustains the
Mr. AMBLER.
on this paragraph.
The SPEAKER.
point of order.
Mr. HAWLEY This was one of the six
buildings recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury at the last session of Congress,
and he again recommends 1t this year. 1 move
that the rules be suspended, so that this para-
graph may be considered in order.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules 5 and upon a division there were—ayes
60, noes 5(3; two thirds not voting in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HAWLEY called for tellers.
The question was taken u-pon ordering tell-
ers; and there were twenty-seven in theaffirm-
ative.
^ So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of a quorum) tellers were ordered ; and
Mr. Allison and Mr. Ambler, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 80, noes 46 ;
not two thirds in the affirmative.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. HAWLEY called for theyeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays j and there were thirty-three in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 123, nays 50, not voting 67 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Aspeh
Atwood, Axtell, #anks. Barnum, Beck, Bennett,
Bingham, Bird, JSoles, Booker, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick H. Butler, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Coburn. Conger, Con-
ner, Coolc, Oowles. Crebs,. Cullom, Dickey, Dickin-
son, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitcb, Fox, Gar-
field, Getz, GilfiUan, Haight, Harris, Hawloy, Hays,
Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kclsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Lafiin, Lewis, Logan, Long, Lynch, Marshall. May-
ham, McCarthy, McCormick, McKee, McKenzie,
McNeely, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan. Daniel J, Mor-
rell, Muncren, O'Neill, Packard, HalbfertE. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Por-
ter, Price, Prosser, llainey. Roots. Sanford,Sargent,
Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stoughton. Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Swann, Tillman, 'lownsend, Twichell, Tyner, Up-
son, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Wells, Wilkinson, Williams, Witcher.
Wood, and Young—123,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arabler, Archer, Bailey,
Beatty, Benton, Bcthune, Blair, Burchard, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, l)arrall, Degener, Donley,
Duke, Duval, Ela, Haldeman, Hambleton.Hamill,
llay, Ilolman, Lash, Lawrence, Lougftridge, Man-
ning, McCrary, McGrew, Eliakim II. Moore, Mor-
phis, Orth, Packer, Pomeroy, Reeves, Rice, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Stevens, Tanner,
Taylor. Van Trump, Van Wyok, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whitmorc. Wiilard, Wolf, andWood-
ward—50.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Ayer, Barry, Sea-
man, Benjamin, Biggs, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks,
Cake, Sidney Clarke. Cleveland, Corker, Cox,
Dawes, Joseph Dixon,Kldridge, Farnsworth.Gibson,
Griswold, Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hefiin, Hill,
Holmes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander 11. Jones,
Thomas L.Jones, Iverr, Knott, Maynard, Mercur,
Milnes, William Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morripsey, Myers, Negley, Newsham, Niblack, Wil-
liam W. raine, Piatt, Potter, Randall, Rogers, Schu-
maker, Scofield, Sherrod, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, Stokes, Stone, Sweeney, Sypher, Taffe,
Trimblo, Van Auken, Voorhees, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, and
Winchester—67.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. DAWES. Under instructions from
Ihe Committee on Appropriations, I offer the
amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The two paragraphs of that amendment rest
upon the same ground as the clauses or para-
graphs which have been adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of a Government building in Jef-
ferson City, Missouri, upon plans which will insure
its completion for the sum of $100,000, the half of
which is hereby appropriated, $50,000: Provided,
That within nine months irom the passage of this
act a lot of land in fee-simple, without cOst to the
Government, subject to the acceptance of th6 Secre-
tary of the Treasury, be conveyed for that purpose,
and the jurisdiction thereof ceded to the United
States.
For the erection of a Government building in
Kaiisas City, Missouri, upon plans which will insure
its completion for the sum of $"50,000, the half of
which is hereby appropriated, $25,000: Provided,
That within nine months from the passage of this
act a lot of land in lee-simple, without cost to the
Government, subject to the acceptanceof the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, be conveyed tor that puipose,
and the jurisdiction thereof ceded to the United
States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I raise the point of
order on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
and adopt the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Ipropose
to amend the amendment by adding to it what
has been unanimously agreed to and reported
by the Committee on Appropriations, but
stricken out here.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It certainly cannot be
in order to move what the House has rejected.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules.
Mr. VAN HORN. The land offered for the
site of this building at Kansas City, Missouri,
is alone worth $40,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend by adding 
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not amendable; it may be modified
with the consent of the gentleman making it.
Mr. DAWES. I modify my motion by add-
ing the following:
For the erection of a Government building at La
Crosse, Wisconsin, upon plans which will insure its
completion for the sum of §110,000, the half of which
is hereby appropriated, $55,000.
Let one vote decide these three propositions.
On the motion, there were—ayes 07, noes
42 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr._LAWREXCE were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 81, noes 45.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there Were—
yeas 118, nays 56, not voting 66 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Armstrong, As-
per, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Beaman,
Beck, Bennett, Bethune, Bingham, Bird, Boles,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
dett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick 11. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, William rJ\ Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cowles,
Crebs, Darrall, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dox, Dyer, Fernss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Giifillan. Griswold,
Haight, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, liawley, Hays,
Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Long, Lynch,
May ham. Maynard, McCarthy, McCortniek, McKee,
Jesse H.Moore. Morgan,Daniel J. Morrell, Mungen,
Negley, Orth, Packard, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Phelps, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Rice,
Roots. Sargent, Sa-wyer, Lionel A.Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Slocum, Josephs. Smith, William J.Smith,
Worthington C. Smith. Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Strader. Strickland, Strong. Swann,
Taffe,Tillman,Townsend, Trimble,Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Wallace. Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn, Wells, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wil-
son, and Witcher—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bailey, Beatty,
Burchard, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Dickinson, Dockery,
Duke, Ela, Eklridge. Farnsworth, Fox.Getz. Halde-
man, Hambleton, Hamill. Hawkins, Hay, Ilolman,
Hotchkiss, Julian, Kerr, Knapp, Lallin, Lash, Law-
rence, Lewis, Loughridge. Manning, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, MfiNoely. Mercur, Eliakim H.Moore, William
Moore, Morphis, Packer, Pomeroy, Price, Reeves,
Scofield, Shanks, Sherrod, Stiles, Tanner, Taylor,
Van Trump, Van "Wyck, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wiilard, Wolf. Wood, and Young—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Barnum,
Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Blair, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, James Brooks. Cake, Calkin. Cleveland,
Corker, Cox, Cullom, Donley, Duval, Fitch, Gibson,
Heflm, Hill, Holmes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Knott, Logan, Marshall, McKenzie,
Milnes, Morey. Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissey, Myers,
Newsham, Niblack, O'Neill, William W. Paine,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter. Randall, Rogers, San-
ford, Sehumaker, Shober, John A. Smith, Stevens,
Stokes. Stone, Sweeney, Sypher, Van Auken, Voor-
hees, ^ Ward. Wheeler. Whiteley, Whitmore, John
T.Wilson, Winans, Winchester,and Woodward—60.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Syjipson',
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
bad agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on bill of the following title:
An act (H. II. No. 3033) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL
The House resumed the consideration of the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Cterk read as follows:
To complete the construction of the custom-house
building in Portland, Maine, $42,833 99.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by adding
to the clause just read the words "which
amount is hereby made available immediately
upon the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I move to amend by
inserting the following paragraph:
For the preparation and furnishing of an addi-
tional court-room in the court-house at Williams-
Port, l ennsyiviniia, for the accommodation of the
United States courts, 83.0U0.
Mr. LAWfiBNCE. I make the point of
order that the amendment is not in order.
