274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman should not judge me by himself.
Mr. WOOD. There can be no object in this
postponement except delay, and delay, as gen-
tlemen well know, is a defeat of this measure
for this Congress; for when we resume our ses-
sion after the holidays the pressure of business
will he sueh as to defeat this measure entirely,
at least for this Congress, and to throw it over
to the next Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
my colleague if it is his design to merely bring
this matter to a vote on the day named by him,
or will he permit its consideration to occupy
some considerable time?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
simply to occupy the forty-odd minutes which
areieftof my hour, and then to bring the matter
to a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire of
the Chair if the time consumed this morning
on this subject will not come out of the time
of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I take it
that the time lost by interruptions will not be
counted against me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want an honest
answer from an honest man.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no doubt that an honest man has been the great
want of the gentleman all his life.
The SPEAKER. Five minutes of the gen-
tleman's time has been consumed this morning.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Does not the time
consumed in voting come out of the time of the
gentleman?
The SPEAKER. That has not been the
usual practice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man if it is his purpose, when this subject
again comes up, to call the previous question
on the amendments only, as he did yesterday,
or does he intend to call the previous question
on the bill as well as on the amendments ? And
should any of the amendments be adopted,
does he propose, as he said yesterday, to move
to recommit, the bill to the select Committee
on Reconstruction?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
that it shall cotne up then in exactly the same
condition in which it came up this morning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is not an answer to
my question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, it is.
This morning the bill stood with the previous
question ordered on the amendments, and after
they had been disposed of the House would
have had the privilege of recommitting the bill,
if it had so desired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then it is evident that
there will necessarily, or at least probably, be
another postponement of this measure, because
there is every indication that some one or more
of the pending amendments will be adopted
by "this House, and if they shall be the gentle-
man proposes to recommit the bill, and to keep
it in the committee, I suppose, until the end
of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ihaveno
doubt the majority of the House will do what
they like with this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, 1 desire to make
another inquiry of the Chair. Does not the
record of the vote just taken by yeas and nays
disclose the fact that there are now present
the same number of members who were re-
corded 011 a vote by yeas and nays taken yes-
teiday, to wit, one hundred jand seventy-five?
That shows that no members have gone home
since yesterday, and the statement that any
have gone is only a dodge.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I answer that I can name members who have
gone.
jit*. COA". The msjniity of the members
are willing i" vote on tliis measure now. The
question of amnesty is involved in the amend-
ments now pending to this bill. I ask the
gentlemen from Massachusetts [Mr. BcjtlerJ
to allow us to vote 011 this Christian principle
of amnesty before Christmas, and then we can
go home and get further instructions from our
constituents. How does that proposition strike
the gentleman?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask for
a vote on my motion to postpone.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the question be
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] a
single question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Whatisit?
Mr. MUNGEN. Has the election in Geor-
gia anything to do with this question of post-
ponement?
Mr. STILES; Or the election in Pennsyl-
vania yesterday ?
Mr. MUNGEN. Yes; or the election in
Pennsylvania?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It has
nothing to do with my vote, for 1 have not
myself heard from the election in Georgia.
The SPEAKER. What time of the day does
the gentleman from Massachusetts wish to des-
ignate?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Immedi-
ately after the morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the bill be now
postponed will it be a special order?
The SPEAKER. It will be a special order,
because it now holds that position.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 raise the point that
we cannot make a special order to-day, as it
requires a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The bill is already a
special order, and postponement does not alter
its status. Itisaprivilegedreportfromacom-
mittee authorized to report at any time, and
the House now has it under consideration. A
postponement will not change its status.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If an hour be named
for its consideration, that makes it a special
order. It is now a privileged report.
The SPEAKER. If an hour be not named
the bill will go over as unfinished business
and come up immediately after the reading of
the Journal. If an hour be named after the
morning hour, the bill must of course take its
chances of being delayed by other unfinished
business orby the House going into Committee
of the Whole. The question is on the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill and
amendments till Wednesday, the 11th of Jan-
uary, after the morning hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 84, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
ncll, Asper, Atwood, lien man, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bennett, Benton, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buifin-
ton, Burdctt, Benjamin If.Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
Sidne3' Clarko, AmasaCobb, Clinton L. Cobb,Coburn,
Conger, Cowles, Cullom, l)ickey.Joseph Dixon, Don-
ley, Duval, Ela, Perriss, Kerry, Either, Gilfilian,
Ilaie, Hamilton, Hariis, Hawking, Hawley, Hoge,
Holmes, Hooper. Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Ivelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Lawrence, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, Mercur,
Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J, Mor-
rell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Sanford, Sawyer,
Scoficld, Shanks. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tay-
lor, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Wolf—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axteli Ayer, Bailey, Bar-
num, Barry, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Booker,
Boyd, Buckley, Burchard, Burr, Caikm, William T.
Clark, Cleveland, Cook, Cox, Crcbs, Degenur, Dick-
inson, Dockery, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Farnswort'n,
tfinkelnburg, ifttch, Getz, Uriswoid. Haldeman,
Hamill, Hay, Heliin, Holuian, Jenckcs, Johnson,
Thomas L. J ones, Knott,, Latiiii, Lewis, Lynch, Man-
ning, Marshall, Mayhani, McCormu.k, McKec, Mc-
Kenzic, McNeely, Milne?, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan,
Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Peters, Piatt, Potter,
Beeves, Hice, Rogers, Sargent, Schumaker, Lionel
.A. Sheldon, Sherrod,Shober, Josephs.Smith,Stiles,
Stone, Strader, Swaun, Till man,Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump,Voorhees,Wells, Whitmore, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—84.
NOT "VOTING—Messrs. Adams," Ames, Banks,
Blair, Boles, JamesBrooks, Buck, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cake, Conner, Covode, Darrall, Dawes, Nathan
F. Dixon, Dyer, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Haight, liam-
bleton, Hays, Hill, Hoar, Hotchkiss, Kellogg, Kerr,
Lash, Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, Morey, Mor-
phis, Newsham, Perce, Poland, Randall, Roots,
Schenck, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Steven-
son, Sweeney, Sypher. Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Witcher, and Woodward—49.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land graxt to soldiers.
Mr. PERRY, by unanimous consent:, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on the Public Lands
be directed to inquire into the expediency of allow-
ing every soldier who served ninety days and upward
in the Army of the United States during the late war
of the rebellion, and received an honorable discharge
therefrom, to select one hundred and sixty acres of
the public lands subject to sale,including the alter-
nate reserved sections along the lines of railroads to
which grants have been or may hereafter bo made,
and which may be unoccupied by preemption or
homestead claims, and to reccivo a patent therefor,
at the expiration of live years from the date of such
selection, without requiring an occupancy of the same,
and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. NEGLEY. I think that this resolution
should be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to
see this resolution offered as a resolution of
inquiry. I only wish to say that my colleague
[Mr. VooiuiEEs] introduced the other day a
resolution on this subject which was mandatory
on the committee, and which, for that reason,
would have been objected to if it had been
understood at the time.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ASPER. I wish to state to the gentle-
man who offerer] the resolution just adopted
that the Committee on Military Affairs have
agreed to report such a bill, and that they will
do so whenever the opportunity is afforded
them to do so.
improper classification of goods.
Mr, KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2596) to prevent frauds
on the revenue by improper classification of
goods ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
METERS.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved^ That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing ail laws authorizing or allowing the compul-
sory use of meters in the distillation of alcoholic
spirits; also, into the propriety and justicc of pro-
viding in some form for refunding to distillers tho
amounts they have heretofore been required to pay
in the purchase of such meters, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
GUSTAYUS A. PCKOGGS.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 4CC) for
the relief of Gustavus A. Scroggs, of Buffalo,
New York ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
contested election.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of privilege;
and call up the report of the Committee "ot
Elections in the contested-election case of Ben-
jamin Eggleston vs. Peter W. Strader, from
the first congressional district of Ohio. There
is no contest on the report, and I demand the
previous question on the adoption of the reso-
lutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Hie Clerk read as follows :
Jlesohied, That Benjamin Eggleston is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
jjorty-jjirst Congress trom the first district in Ohio,
Jiesofved, ihat Peter AY, ^trader is entitled to a
seat m this House as a Representative in tho Forty-
* irst Congress from the first district in Ohio.
