1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
have risen with reports. Does the Senator
from Indiana yield for that, purpose ?
Mr. MORTON". -Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, from the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of Asa 0. Butman, administrator,
for the renewal of letters-patent of James A.
Caging for an improvement in composition
for making photographic pictures, submitted
an adverse report: which w^s ordered to be
printed.
;Mn DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of M. Clara
-Morris, praying compensation for services ren-
dered and for losses sustained in ministering
to sick and wounded soldiers during the war
of the rebellion, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration: which was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the jpipjt
resolution (S. R, No. 263) to amend an act
entitled "An act to limit the liability of ship-
owners, and for other purposes," approved
March 3,1851, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; whiich was
agreed to.
report os commissioner ob education.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by t|ie
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
the House concurrent resolution for printing
additional eopies of the report of thp Commis-
sioner of Education, to report it back without
amendment; and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
The Chief Clerk read the resplutjpq as fol-
lows: " ■'
liegolved by the Souse of Representatives, (.the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the'report
oi the Commissioner of Education for t'he year 187®
twenty thousand extra copies, of whioh eight thou-
sand shall be for the use of the Depa'rtmeritof Edu-
cation, eight thousand for the use of the House, and
four thousaud for the use of the Senate'.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have nothing to say on
this question except that it ought to be dis-
posed of now, because it will cost much more
(.0 piint the report by and by than to print it
now. Perhaps I ought to say that when I
asked leave yesterday to withdraw the report,
so as to present it to-day if I could get the floor,
I did not moan any imputation on the Chair.
I referred only to my own diffidence, forwhich
the Chair is in no respect responsible.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer an amendment to
the resolution, which I ask to have read.
Mr. POMEROY. If this matter is to be
debated during the morning hour I shall object
to its consideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit to the Chair
that it is too late to object to its consideration.
It is under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrotn
Delaware desires the amendment offered by
him to be reported.
Mr. COLE. I feel bound also to object to
the consideration of this resolution if it is tp
lead to any debate whatever or any waste of
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Sepatpr
will suspend until the amendment is read, the
Chair will then recognize his objection, as the
Senator from Delaware desires the amendment
to be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to add at the end of the resolution the
following proviso:
Provvled, That that portion of the contents of page
103entitled "Opinions of education*in the StateS"
be first expunged:
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects to the consideration of the
resolution, and it will go ever.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 submit that its consid-
eration lias been agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Several Senators have risen to
debate it, and I must object to its considera-
te!).
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
was reported tp-day, and if objection is maae
psxer.
Mr. CONKLIN&. As a compromise, may
I present a petition?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not with my consent,
until this question is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Rhode Island that
yesterday he reported this resolution and then
withdrew it. He lias now reported it this
morning, and it is subject to objection, and
will gp on the Calendar of resolutions, being
objected to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let me say to Senators
that it nfill mjike p. difference of perhaps thirty
or forty per cent, in the cost of the publica-
tion whether ft be printed now or by and by.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution cannot be considered
to-day. - •
papers withdrawn.
Mx. SPlJiAQUE. I desire to en.ter a motion
to recp.nsijlejr' tlie cjtse of Mrs. M. A. Ripley,
which was reported adversely by the Committee
on Claims and ordgret} tp be indefinitely post-
poned. I have the consent of the committee
to move a reconsideration, and that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw her petition and
papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If (here be no
objection the mqtip.n to. reconsider will be
regarded agreed tp, and the petitioner have
leave to withdraw her papers. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
bills introduced.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leftve to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 316} in relatipn tp the
PM Pf pivil engineers in the Nayy; which was
refji t^y-ice by its' title, referred tp the Com-
mittee on }Java! Affairs, and ordered tf> be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1333) to establish the diplomatic mission
at Berlin upon the'same grade and emolument
with those" at Paris and London ; .which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
bo printed.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. SPRAGUE submitted
amendments intended to be'proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. '2524} making appropriations I
fqr the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses pf the government for the year ending
June 80, 1872; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FENTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2615) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, lg72, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriation?, and ordered to be printed.
postal laws.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now call up the, resolu-
tion that I offered yesterday setting apa?t this
evening for the consideration of the postal code
bill.
Mr. MORTON. I must new insist on the
motion fo,r an executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. Ther'j are twenty minutes
yet left of the morning hour. Why not let us
complete the morning business in that time?
Mr. MORTON. There are certain consid-
erations which make it important that we
should iipw proceed tp th.e consideration of
executive business.
Mr. RAMSEY. This Ijttlq isolation can
be disposed of in a moment. It simply pro-
poses to assign this evening for the considera-
tion of the postal code bill. f
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
Minnesota calls up the resolutipn offered
w htw yesterday, if there be no objection, to
assign this evening for the consideration of the
postal code bill.
Mr. COLE and Mr. VICKERS. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. Supppse a Senator does
pbject; I call fpr a vote of the Senate on my
mptipn-
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be bp
further morning business, the Senator from
Minnesota moves to proceed to the considera-
tion of the resplution mentioned by him, if the
Senator frpm Indiana does not insist on his
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have already been
informed that at half past three o'clock to-day
there is to be an announcement of the death
of a late member of the House of Represent-
atives, and then, by the uuiform custom of the
Senate, we shall adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. But this resolution pro-
vides that when we adjourn this afternoon we
adjourn to meet this evening.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask for the consideration
of the resolution, and then 1 shall move an
amendment to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I do n t precisely under-
stand the question. Will the Chair please to
state it 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to take up the resolution
offered by him yesterday, assigning this even-
ing for the consideration ef the postal code
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. That is, to commence the
practice of holding evening sessions now ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly. We must have
evening sessions at this period of the session.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust the Senate will not
agree to that.
Mr-. SCOTT. I wish to call the attention
of my friend from Miunesota to the fact that
mention has been made of the intentipn to
announce the death of my late colleague in
the House of Representatives this afternoon.
Mr. RAMSEY. After the resolution shall
be taken up I shall move to amend it.
Mr. MORTON. I must now insist, on my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive busiuess, which has
priority over all other motions except amotion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Th.e Senate accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of executive business ; and after
one hour and twenty minutes spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened.
executive communication".
Th.e VICE PRESIDENT laid before iTie
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating the second an-
nual report of the board of Indian commission-
ers;^ which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
rigut to testify in state courts.
Mr. MORION. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask to have it acted upon now; if
it leads to auy debate I will not press action
npon it to-day :
iicsolvcd, That the Judiciary Committee bo re-
quested to inquire what further legislation is upccs-
an,5\t,° 8eS'Jre 10 V™. °',iored people of Ken-
tucks and other btates their right to testify in tb 
btate eourts in eases to which white persons are
parties, and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. THURMAN. Let that resolution lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
madgj the rGsoIution will lig over.
message fko.m tub house.
A message from the House of Represents
tives, by Mr. McPuerson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Seuate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2997) to authorise tk©
