1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing
officers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 462) for the
relief of Mrs. Harriet H. Pendleton, widow
of George H. Pendleton, late of the United
States Navy.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 472) for the relief of
Mary A. Elliot; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill (H. R. No. 2524) is the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2524) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the yeas ending June 30, 1872,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations, which
was in line forty-four, at'ter the word "mes-
sengers," to strike out the words "to be
appointed and removed .by the Sergeant-at-
Arins. with the approval of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. I wish to submit a motion that
when the Senate adjourns this afternoon it
adjourn to meet at half past seven o'clock this
evening for the purpose of considering the
appropriation bill.
Mr. V1CKERS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that when the Senate adjourns
this afternoon it adjourn to meet at half past
seven o'clock this evening for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not an adjourn-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The" Senator
makes the motion in this shapes in conse-
quence of a' resolution which will aeeompany
the! notification of the death of & late ihetaber
of the House of Representatives, "that the
Senate do now adjourn." The Senator from
California proposes to adjourn from that time
until half past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it advisable for us to
come here this evening?
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts asks if it is advisable to.come here this
evening. I think it is really very desirable,
and 1 think he will coucurin that opinion if he
will look over the extent of the appropriation
bills. The evening session will be devoted to
that business alone, I presume; at least I shall
interpose objection to any other business com-
ing in to-niglit.
Mt. MORRILL, of Vertfront. I suggest
to the Senator from California to change it
to Monday next. Unquestionably Senators
have not expected to come here to-night, and
many will be unable to come in consequence
of not having any notice that there was to be
a meeting.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a resolution
pending for a meeting on Monday evening..
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a reso-
lution pending for a meeting on Monday even-
ing, and alsoou Tuesday evening for other busi-
ness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
should attend to the appropriation bills first.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better have a
session to night. The bill can be read through
then, and Senators who cannot be present and
have amendments or modifications to offer can
offer them afterward. I think there will be no
objection, on the part of the committee^ at all
events, to having such propositions considered
sffferward; but we can go through "with the
reading of the bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the bill
might be considered in committee to-night,
so that all the amendments will be open in
the Senate for further consideration and other
amendments then offered.
Mr. COLE. I agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California suggests that the bill be not taken'
out of committee finally, but be acted upon in
committee. Is there objection?
Mr. VICKERS and Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I make no objection;
but it seems to me it is fi. very bad economy
of time for us to adjourn in the afternoon and
come back here at seven o'clock. I think the
time is now coming when we must have longer
sessions than we have had, and that the best
use we can make of our time is to stay here
until six or seven o'clock, and then adjourn.
We can get a very good dinner here, going out
a few at a time, at the restaurant; at least tem-
perance men like my friend from Kansas [Mr.
Pomero?] and myself can. We shall do more
business by staying here until Six or ggv'e'n
o'clock, and be here no more hoars ftaii We
would if we were to adjourn at four (V clock1
and come back at seven o'clock. We have
then to take a long journey t6 ouf lodgings
and a long journey back again, which con-
sumes a great deal of time. I hope that now
in the beginning iustead of having evening
sessions we shall agree to stand by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations and
stay here as long as he Says #e ought to stay.
I am willing to do it, for ofte.
Mr. COLE. The remarks of tie Sfetlatoi'
from Rhode fsliand are very much in favor of
a night session to-night. He knows that the
Senate will adjourn at a very early hour this
afternoon, and we cannot be here until five
or six o'clock to day. After the' obituary
addresses are delivered the Senate will of
course adjourn, and that will be at an early
hour, and We shall have plenty of time to get
our dinner and make all necessary prepara-
tions for coming back this evening. If the
Senator haa any other engagements' the ar-
rangement that is proposed, to' kefep this bill
in committee until after to-night, will eertaittly
enable bid So nreet any such contingency as
that. P therefore ask for a session to-night".
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question;is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to express the hope
that this motion1 for a night session will not pre-
vail. I agree entirely With the Senator from
Rhode Island that one hour's labor before
dinner is worth three afterward. Every man
who' is in the habit of working, especially with
his braiu, will admit that fact to be true. There
is the long ride from here to the place of resi-
dence of most members of the Senate, oecu-
pying probably more than an hour to come
and go, and after that the necessary delays
incurred to his discomfort. I think the Senate
will save time and there will be more useful
labor bestowed upon public business by length-
ening the sessions of the Senate an hour, or
even more than an hour beyond the usual
period of adjournment in the afternoon, than
to come here in the night.
Then there is another fact about it. These
night sessions do not seem to produce a very
full attendance of the Senate. On the con-
trary, a very large portion of the Senate absent
themselves, so that you, sir, will recollect that
calls of the Senate were proposed last year
several times during these attempted night
sessions for the purpose of passing special
bills. I trust that practice will not be begun.
1 think the business of the Senate will be much
more satisfactorily performed by sitting here
continuously for an hour perhaps later than
we are accustomed to sit in the afternoon
than by going home and then returning.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one suggestion
I desire to make to the Senator from Dela-
ware. If he will look at this bill he will see
that there are fifty-six pages of formal matter.
I have looked through the bill and I find no
amendment of any considerable importunes
until you come to the last two sections of the
bill; indeed there is not a single thing theft I
suppose there will be any debate about. I
have looked through the bill carefully, and I
find that the Committee on Appropriations
have reported very few and very trifling amend-
ments. This is a mere formal bill, and can
be proceeded with probably just as well with-
out our having a full attendance. I suggest
to the Senator from California that he do not
attempt to act on the second and third sec-
tions of the bill to-night, and that the formal
reading of the bill be gone through until the
last page is reached, and then let an adjourn-
ment take place.
Mr. COLE. Ve'ry well, I will agree to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that can be done.
Mr. BAYARD. Why not dispense With the
reading if the bill is of this character?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
Mr. BAYARD. I now ask whether the
session to-night is to be confined to the con-
sideration of this bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks that the session this evening
shall be confined exclusively to this bill, so
that other business shall not come in by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Was not that the under-
standing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed it was; but it was not announced from
the Chair, and therefore the Chair repeated
to the Senate the inquiry of the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. CONKLING. I voted with that under-
standing.
Mr. POMEROY. There is another appro-
priation bill that can be rend through without
getting ou® of committee. Itsreading is merely
formal. ,
Mr. BAYARD. The understanding was
cHsfciuci  •*
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Chair if it is
understood that- nothing else is to be taken up
this evening by unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is so under-
stood, and this bill is not to. be taken out of
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. The understanding is
that nothing else is to be taken up except an-
other appropriation bill, and that neither shall
be taken out of committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware objects to any other appropriation
bill being taken up, as the Ghair understands.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair" under-
stands that the Senator from Delaware does
not object to another appropriation bill being
taken up this evening and read through, so
that it shall not. go out of committee.
Mr. BAYARD. So that there is no action.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the other appro-
priation bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian ap-
propriation bill has been reported.
Mr. COLE. The only other one pending is
the Indian appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in linesixty-three to strike
out the word " two " and insert "three so as
to increase the number of assistant engineers
in the service of the Senate from two to three.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-seven
to change the amount appropriated for sala-
ries of persons in the service of the Senate
from $118,872 80 to $133.480 80.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
