1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ins
Mr. DICKEY. This is for repairs of a build-
ing already existing.
The SPEAKER. Is the appropriation for
repairs included in the estimates?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. It has not been esti-
mated for; but the amount is very small. The
United States courts are now held iu the county
building. There is but one room to accommo-
date the circuit and district courts, which are
now compelled to sit in joint session, though
their business would be facilitated and a large
saving of expense to the Government effected
if there could be a small room appropriated to
the use of the circuit court. This can be ac-
complished by the trifling expenditure named
in my amendment. I think there ought to be
110 objection to this proposition. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of consider-
ing and passing the amendment.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the erection of a pavilion hospital on Angel
Island, in the harbor of San Francisco, California,
or on some other Government reservation near that
city, the total cost of which when completed shall
not exceed the sum hereby appropriated, 850,030.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make a point of order
oil that paragraph.
Mr. AXTELL. Before the Chair decides
on the question of order I wish to say that this
is for a marine hospital for our sailors. The
old building was destroyed, and they have no
building there now.
Mr. DA"WE3. I hope the point of order
will not be raised on this paragraph.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I withdraw the point
of order.
Mr. ASPER. I wish to amend by adding
the following:
For post office, custom-house and court-house at
St. Joseph, Missouri, $50,000: Provided, That the city
will donate to the Government of the Dnited States
by title in fee. within six months from the passage
of this act, a suitable lot upon which to erect the
same.
Mr. DAWES. There is no estimate for
this at all.
The SPEAKER. ^The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ASPER. It has been recommended by
the Department. I move to suspend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
28, noes 72.
Mr. ASPER demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move the fol-
lowing:
Porthe erection of a court-house, custom-house,
and post office at the city of .Memphis, Tennessee,
upon plans which will insure its completion for the
sum of $300,000, $100,000 of which is hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will not spend our
time by acting upon the same-amendments over
and over again. I make the point of order on
the amendment,.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COX. I hope we may suspend the rules
in order to receive the amendment. I never
before saw such legislation as this.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
sixteen, noes not counted.
So (two-thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move the following
amendment:
Per tho erection of a Government building at
Ilarrisburp, Pennsylvania, and upon plans which
will insure its completion, inclusive of site, for tho
sum ot $200,000, tlic half of which is hereby appro-
priated, $100,000: Provided. That no money hereby
nppiopriated shall bo used for tho purpose men-
tioned until a fee-simplo title to the laud lor the
site shall be vested in the United States, and until
the Stale shall duly relinquish to the United fetates
the riftht to tax said site or the property of tho
United States tlieieou.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order,
that the amendment is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of an assay office in Helena, Mon-
tana, upon plans which will insure its completion
for the sum hereby appropriated, $75,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to strike out
$75,000 and insert $25,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I hope not, but that
the appropriation will bo passed as it came
from the committee.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I offer
this amendment for the purpose of enabling
me to make a few remarks. I submit that we
ought to cut down our expenditures of public
buildings. During ten years preceding the
80th of June last the total amount expended
for public buildings under the Treasury De-
partment was $12,050,710 55. Here is the
statement as I have it from official sources:
Statement of cost of construction and repairs of public
buildings under control of the Treomrjr Department
during the ten years ending Jane 30,1870.
Date. Cost.
1860-01 $1,138,768 60
1831-62  306,919 92
1802-63  930,341 11
1863-6 4  928.515 86
1864-6 5  1,701,651 98
1865-66   520,046 70
1866-6 7  1,410,679 76
1867-68   1,515.256 64
1868-6 9  1,508,308 33
i 1869-70   2,039,229 65
TotaL.._  
..$12,059,716 55
This bill and other bills pending before Con-
gress appropriate in all, if I am not mistaken,
about six million dollars. Now, sir, the average
for the ten years preceeding the 80th of June
last was less than one million and a quarter.
Mr. BURCHARD. I rise to a question of
order on this paragraph.
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Three or four new build-
ings have been recommended ; but, instead,
we have incorporated in this bill appropria-
tions for some fifteen or sixteen new build-
ings. The appropriations made by this bill for
the commencement of new buildings reaches
$1,500,000, and it will take ten or fifteen mil-
lions of dollars, I have no doubt, to finish
them. I am opposed to all these buildings
except the building of the custom-house, post
office, &c., in the city of San Francisco. It
| will be seen by the report of the Committee
on Retrenchment, which visited San Fran-
cisco last year, that we will save $68,000 a
year in rent by putting up that building. We
will save by the erection of that building
$68,000. And this is the only building pro-
posed by this bill where we will save anything
like the amount of interest on the cost of the
building, except only one other building, for
which I have voted, that is a building in this city
near the Treasury Department for the printing
of national bank notes and fractional currency.
I was in favor of that as a matter of safety and
as a matter of economy: for we would save
more in the single item of express charges in
two or three years than would put up the entire
building. I have some documents which I
desire to have printed with my remarks in the
Globe.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no. We would rather
hear them read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks leave
to print certain documents in the Globe. Is
there objection?
There was no objection.
[The papers are as follows:
Tkeasuky Department,
Office of the Secretary,
January IT, lh7i.
Sib: Referring to my conversation with you upon
tho subject of the erection of a building .lor the
accommodation of the Bureau of Kngravmg and
Printing in the Treasury Department, and also to
your letter of the 80th ultimo, I have the honor to
say that, in my opinion, tho public interests would
bo promoted by such a step on tne part of the Gov-
ernment.
The upper rooms now occupied by the Btfreau of
Engraving and Printing, immediately under the iron
roof, are extremely hot in summer, and consequently
unfit for continuous occupation by clerks or labor-
ers. These rooms are needed for the files and records
of the Department, which have increased beyond the
capacity of the apartments which can afc present be
assigned for storage.
I believe it is a received opinion by those who
have given the matter special attention that at least
one imprint upon all the public securities should be
made at the Treasury Department; and during the
continuance of the internal revenue system a por-
tion or all of the business of printing stamps could
be performed by the Treasury Department with bet-
ter security than the work can be done elsewhere.
At present the accommodations which would be
furnished by the transfer of the Printing Bureau are
not sufficient for the Seefond Auditor's office; but it
is possible that when the new building is completed
the business of that bureau will have been so" much
reduced that its transfer to the Treasury building
can be made. In that case the useof Winder's build-
ing could be assigned entirely to the War Depart-
ment, and buildings now rented by that Department
could be given up.
The supervising architect of the Treasury esti-
mates the costot a building suitable for the Bureau
of Engraving and Printing at §288,157 11. I mcio3e
herewith his letter, statiug the mam features of tho
building, accompanied by a ground plan.
I am satisfied that the size of the building is not
larger than the wants of the bureau will require,
and that the estimates are not greater than will ue
the actual cost if the work is undertaken.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. W. Lawrence, House of Representatives. •
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
January 18, 185*1.
Sir: I have the honor to submit herewith an esti-
mate for a building to accommodate the Note Print-
ing Bureau, proposed to be erected on the White lot
adjoining the ink-mill and workshops built last
summer. George 33. McCartee, esq., chief of the
bureau, has been consulted regarding the location
and arrangement of the proposed structure, which
arrangement is illustrated by the accompanying
diagram, and will consist of one range of buildings
eighty feet long and eighty feet deep, fronting the
north, and built at right angles to and adjoining
the workshops above referred to. The building
will be three stories high, ot brick, of fire-proof con-
struction. For the purpose of securing abundance
ot light the walls will consist of a series of piers,
built fifteen feet apart, the space between being
filled in.with double windows, each divided by brick
mullions which will connect with panels below and
arches above each window, and thus form a curtain
between the piers. To secure ample working spacc
and enable the construction of temporary partitions,
which Mr. McCartee desires for separating the sev-
eral divisions of the bureau, the entire floors of the
building will be carried on cast-iron columns, con-
nected by girders bearing the joists and fire-proof
arches, the only brick walls in the interior of tho
building being those around stair-ways, &c., inclos-
ing the business offices, and one division wall, which
is necessary to strengthen the building.
The several floors will be connected by two iron
stair-ways and two elevators. Tne fire-proof arches
will be of corrugated iron, having concrete over them,
and the floors will be covered with flooring nailed to
sleepers bedded in the concrete. ^ The ceiling ot the
upper fetory will be fire-prootcd in the same manner
as the floors, thus admitting of the construction of a
timber roof, which will be covered with tin. The
cornice will be of brick, covered with a coping of
blue stone. The piers will have binding stones of
the same material placed every three feet apart. A
water-table of cut stone will surmount the founda-
tion walls, which will be of brick resting on concrete,
and a cut stone sill will be put to each window.
All the windows will have iron shutters.
The cost of the building constructed as above indi-
cated will be §288,157 11. _ . -Tr,TV
Very respectfully, ^ J. C. RANKIN,
Acting Supervising Archiitct,
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department.
Washington", D. C., January 23,1871.
Sir : In reply to your request of to-day, I inclose
herewith letter from the chief of the Bureau ot En-
graving and Printing, and also a copy^ot his report
for the fiscal year ending Jun«e 30,18(0, which will
furnish you all the information in our possession, or
which we can obtain, in relation to tho cost ot print-
iner and preparingTreasury notes, bonds, stamps, &c.
Very respectfully, ^ ^ Chie/Clerh
Hon. William Lawrence, M. C.
Treasury Department,
Bureau of Engraving and Printing*
January 23,1871.
Sir : Tn answer to the inquiries contained in the
letter of Hon. Mr. Lawrence, X bes to state that
when I took charge of the Bureau of Engraving and
Printing there was no separate account kept of the
cost of each class of bonds or stamps. The cost oi
the work for previous years I cannot give accurately.
My report for the last fiscal year gives tho amount
of work done under me, the cost thereof, and also
