276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
I am charged with being a secessionist and
of "intractable disloyalty," and_ I have been
very much surprised at the opinions which
Ijave been expressed by several gentlemen of
this House on both sides in reference to the
preamble and resolution which I offered here
a few days ago. I state distinctly that in that
preamble, as well as in the resolution, there is
no recognition of the right of secession, and,
so far as I am concerned, although a southern
man with southern sympathies, 1 was from the
beginning opposed to secession. I never have
recognized the constitutional right of a State
to secede from the Union. In the preamble
to the resolution which I offered I merely made
what X considered a statement of fact accord-
ing to history.
I stated that the question of secession had
been a debatable one from the beginning. I still
so contend. It certainly was debatable, and
debated from the foundation ofthe Government,
up to the beginning of the war, and held to be a
reserved right by many of the wisest men in the
land. 1 might go on, if I were disposed to take
up the time of the House, and show that in the
Convention which framed the Constitution of
the Uni(.-'(] States the question of secession was
not repudiated, but might be at least indirectly
inferred. I believe 1 can show from Elliot's
Debates that in that Convention, on two differ-
ent, occasiors, the attempt was made to confer
po'./er upon (ho Federal Government—on one
occasion upon the President, on the other upon
Congi ess—!o coerce States in case they refused
to obey Federal laws ; and on both occasions the
proposition was voted down by the Convention.
1 asserted, and I now reassert, that the ques-
tion of secession was never decided by any
tribunal of tlrht Government; and in making
the statement of these facts I supposed I was
rather otiering an inducement to both Dem-
ounts and Republicans to grant amnesty to
the South. Not to admit honest couvictious
to otlieis ',,'ould be to deny them to ourselves.
That I should bo accused of doing an injury
to tin; South and of preventing amnesty is cer-
tainly a yruat suryuso to mo and to all who
really know me.
No uu.il lives in whose bosom beats a heart
more true ami affectionate and devoted to the
South than my own. Audi also say that no
man lives who is truer, more loyal to the
Union under tbo Constitution than myself. I
opposed secession from the beginning ; 1 went
so far in opposition to it as to invoke upon
my head tile rebukes of my own kith and kin
of the South, those to whom I am this day
attached by tho most tender and inviolable
ties.
1 have deemed it proper to say this much.
If, unfortunately, by the offering of that pre-
amble and resolution I shall have caused any
man m tins House to vote against amnesty in
any shape or form, I humbly beg his pardon,
and would withdraw them instantly if I could.
1 am for general and perfect amnesty, and I
do hope, and I expect, that it will be granted.
As to my Democratic friends, some of them
seemed very much embarrassed at my pream-
ble and resolution. 1 thought every one would
have voted for them. I offered them upon my
own responsibility. I consulted nobody in
reterenco to them. If I have done wrong,
it [ have injmedtne cause of amnesty in the
slightest, degree, I beg pardon of the House
and of mo country. Having said thus much,
I have only to add that I thank tho House for
its indulgence.
SECURITY CL~ LIFE ON STEAM vessels.
."Jr. COXGr:;.. I ask unanimous consent
back. Km the Committee on Com-
mere;. Striate bill Xo. 710, to provide for the
beit' r se;r.;ri:y cf life on board of vessels pro-
pelled in v.'holo or in part by steam, and for
other purposes. Tho committee have agreed
cn a substitute for the bill, and would like to
have the subject made a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
it to be the desire of the gentleman that the bill
shall now be reported and made a special order
for Tuesday, January 10.
Mr. ARNELL. 1 object.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the House will in-
dulge me for a moment. This bill embraces a
revision of all the laws which have been passed
in regard to the security of the lives of passen-
gers on steamboats. It has been prepared at
the Treasury Department, and has the assent,
so far as I know, of all interested in the matter,
with some few exceptions. The board of steam-
boat inspectors will hold their annual meet-
ing on the 10th of Januarj', and it is very desir-
able that this bill should be considered, and
if proper passed, so that the board may take
action under its provisions at that meeting. I
hope there will be no objection to the report-
ing of the bill at this time.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
Mr. CONGER. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is in order only on Monday after the
morning hour.
Several Members. Let the bill be printed.
Mr. CONGER. It has been printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill(H. R. No. 2597) for the relief of
George W. Didlake, Richard B. George, and
John Blaine, of Kentucky, from political dis-
abilities ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction,
naturalization of alien sailors.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2098) to extend to
aliens serving as sailors in the United States
Navy the same right to naturalization as is
provided by law for aliens serving in the Army
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that any alien
of the age of twenty-one years and upward,
who has served or shall servo in the Navy of
the United States, and has been or shall be
hereafter honorably discharged, may be ad-
mitted to become a citizen of the United States
upon the same terms and conditions as are
provided by the twenty-first section of an act
entitled "An act to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes," approved July 17, 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
newport and cincinnati bridge.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report of the board of engi-
neers on the Newport and Cincinnati bridge,
&c., to accompany the letter of the chief of
engineers to the Secretary of War dated De-
cember 21, 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
ninth census.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a report of the acting
Secretary of the Interior, in reply to House
resolution of the 15th instant, in relation to the
census; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Ninth Census, and ordered to
be printed.
appointment of appraisers.
The SPExVKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
the draft of a bill to secure uniformity in the
mode of appointing appraisers, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his
secretaries.
american fishing vessels.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President, with the
accompanying letter from the Secretary of
State:
To the House of Representatives ofthe United States:
In answer to their resolution of tho 1st of July,
1S70, I transmit to the House of Representatives a
report from tho Secretary of State.
U. S. GRAXT.
Washington, Deecniber 8,1870.
To the Presirlent:
The Secretary of State, to whom was reforred the
resolution of the 1st of July, 1870, relating to the
arrest and detention of American fishing vessels in
the straits of Canso by armed vessels flying the Brit-
ish flag, has the honor to report that all the corre-
spondence on the subj ect referred to by said resolution
was communicated to Congress, with the President's
annual message, on the 5th instant.
Respectfully submitted,
HAMILTON FISH.
Department of State,
Washington, December 8,1870.
The message and accompanying letter were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
national bureau of immigration.
Mr. MOREY. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce be
instructed to oxamine into the propriety and policy
of establishing a national bureau of immigration,
and that said committee be authorized to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. COX. I object.
order ob business.
The SPEAKER announced that the session
to-morrow, by order of the House, would be as
in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for general debate only, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted, and that Mr.
Stevenson would occupy the chair.
death of william smyth.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, it becomes
my painful duty to announce to the House the
death of my late colleague, Hon. William
Smyth, of the second district of Iowa. Ho
died on the 30tli day of September last, at
his home in Iowa, after an iilness of several
weeks. Mr. Smyth was comparatively a new
member in the House, having been first elected
to the present Congress, and therefore not so
well known here as in the State he represented
in part. His name is largely identified with
the growth and prosperity of that State. At
the early age of twenty he became a citizen of
what was then the Territory of Iowa. Choos-
ing the law as a profession, he commenced tho
practice at the town of Marion in 1847. He
was appointed the following year prosecuting
attorney, and was subsequently elected and
reelected continuously to the same office until
1853, when he was appointed district judge
for the fourth district of Iowa, a position in
the State of high honor and great responsi-
bility. This position he held until the spring
of 1857, when he resigned, and resumed the
practice of his chosen profession, which he
continued successfully until the summer of
18G2, when he entered the military service of
the United States as colonel of the thirty-first
regiment of Iowa volunteer infantry. In tho
mean time, in 1858, he was selected by the
Legislature of our State as chairman of a
commission to codify and revise the laws of
Iowa, this commission being the result of tho
adoption of a new constitution in 1857. In
conjunction with two other eminent lawyers,
he labored diligently on this work, making
a report to the Legislature, which, with a few
modifications in the shape oflegislative p.meml-
rnents, Js the revision of 18G0. At the extra ses-
sion ot the Legislature of 18G1 he was selected
as one of four to act in conjunction with Gov-
ernor Kirkwood in the management and direc-
