1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
From the inauguration of the rebellion until
the 4th day of March, 1863, when Mr. Covode
voluntarily retired from Congress, after having
served four successive terms, he was recog
nized as the enthusiastic defender of his coun-
try's weal and safety, serving during that time
with vigor as a memberof the joint Committee
os the Conduct of the War. But he gave even
stronger proof of his loyal devotion than by his
individual efforts as a member of Congress.
He gave to his country three of his sons to
do battle in the field, one of whom, Colonel
George Covode, was killed in battle near Rich-
tnond ; another returned from the prison-house
at Andersonville broken in health, and now
remains a lingering evidence of the cruelty
there inflicted upon the unfortunate Union
prisoners; a third completed his terra of
enlistment and was honorably discharged.
At the close of the Thirty-Seventh Congress
Mr. Covode retired temporarily from public
life. Though in no official position, he did not
remain an inactive spectator of the continued
Struggle of parlies. In 1862 and in 1864 his
district was carried by the Democrats. To
effect a change in the representation he again
became a candidate in 1866. His personal and
political popularity, backed by his greatenergy,
secured an election. In 1868 he was again
chosen to represent his district in the House
of Representatives, and in 1869 he couducted
the political campaign as chairman of the
Republican State central committee. Such is
a brief sketch of the leading incidents of his
business and public life, and they to a great
extend indicate his character.
He was not a man of learning; he was a
man of intellect. It was not that cultivated
intellect which often leads men to be mere
thinkers, whose, thoughts end in dieams and
are sometimes afterward caught up and made
practical by the earnest workers of the world.
His was that busy, practical brain which made
him a man of action, a type of the untiring
working men who are making their mark upon
this active century, who study their fellow-men
more than books, and who are indispensable
to the earnest thinkers of the age. Earnest
thinkers and earnest workers need each other.
Earnest thought is earnest work in one sense,
but not in all senses. The earnest thought
of the commander who plans a campaigu or
maps out a battle field may be earnest work
for him ; but it is not that kind of earnest
work which carries forts and routs opposing
armies. The men who do this kind of earnest
work should live in history, as well as those
who plan it and direct it to be done.
1 saw recently a large painting of the battle
of Gettysburg, ordered by the State of Penn-
sylvania. It represents the pinch of the fight,
the repulse of Pickett's charge. Its central
figure is a private Union soldier—tall, mus-
cular, with all the energy of determined action
apparent in every feature and in every limb—
with a musket clenchtd frantically in his hands,
and drawn to strike an assailant. He seems to
be the real leader of all who are behind him.
The commanding generals are in the dim dis-
tance. I thought, as I looked upon it, that the
men of action are in our day coming to the
front.
Such a man was Johx Covode. His speeches
do not fill many columns of the Globe. His
actions have influenced events which will em-
ploy the pens of many historians; and if the
thoughts and the reasonings during our years
of trial, of such men as Stevens and Fesseu-
den among the dead, of others whom I may
not in good taste here name among the living,
shall afford food for the students who shall
come alter us, the deeds of John* Covode, as
they stand upon the same record, in the same
years, will command the gratitude of the
patriot's heart. In the word painting of his-
tory his name will not be left out.
He was bold, energetic, self-reliant, and
persevering. He investigated for himself, he
decided for himself, aud when he decided the
next step was to act. Some friends were pro-
posing to him to examine into the practicability
of a railroad up the valley of the Platte, and
wished to submit the opinion of an engineer.
"Let us go and see for ourselves," said Mr.
Covode, and he went, takingsomeof his friends
with him. His own examination decided his
course upon that question.
But although energetic and self reliant, he
was not repellant nor selfish. Warm as a parti-
san, he was genial and generous in social life
and as a personal friend. I will not say of
liitn that he had no enemies; for if I did it
would imply, in myielief, that he had failed
in some of life's duties. He had the nerve to
do right as he saw the right; and the man who
does that, either in private or public life, will
have enemies.
He was the friend and trusted counselor of
the poor and dependent. Having himself come
up from the vale of poverty, he sympathized
with the sorrows of those in want. He cer-
tainly had never read in the original Dido's
address to _<33neas, and it may be he could
not have quoted Dryden's translation of her
sentiment—
" I learn to pity woes so like my own,"
but he did what was better than scanning Latin
or quoting English verse. When the needy
came to him he did not exhaust his sympathy
for the poor in sentiment for their class. He
ministered to the needy man or woman before
him asking aid.
I cannot refrain from expressing here the
thoughts that were prompted by the scene at
his funeral, which I attended upon the invi-
tation of the committee appointed by the
House. His residence was in a deep and nar-
row valley. As we neared it, Hendricks creek,
named by the ancestors of Senator Hendricks,
came in sight, winding its way along the foot
of a high hill. Steep hills were on every side
of us, and it seemed that there was no outlet
for the struggling stream. But it finds its way
after many windings, and passing through the
tributaries of the Alleghany flows on to the
Gulf, mingling its waters with that stream
which, by its genial warmth, breaks up the
frozen regions of the North. Was it this sur-
rounding that impelled John" Covode to ac-
tion? Did he look out over the high hills
which on every side shut him from the busy
world beyond, and resolve that lie, too, with
his strong German common sense, keeping him
ever on the plane of right, with his warm
Quaker heart throbbing in unison with the aspi-
rations of the oppressed for freedom and the
equal rights of man, would go out and cast his
influence into that great gulf stream of enlight-
ened and advancing public sentiment which
was breaking up the polar sea of human bond
age? This he had done, and he had lived to
see liberty proclaimed "through all the land
to all the inhabitants thereof."
But his race was run ; and there he was
dead, his sorrowing friends and stricken wife
and children, his sympathizing neighbors, all
shocked by the suddenness and severity of the
affliction. The loss sustained by that bereaved
family is one which no earthly hand can tem-
per, no human sympathy can lessen. The loss
sustained by the community in which he lived
was attested by the presence of the people of
all ranks and conditions of life to pay the last
tribute of respect to his memory. High and
low, rich and poor, were there. On foot, on
horseback, in the road wagon, in the carriage,
in every way that men and women could travel,
did the long funeral procession wend its way
to the little village church yard in the county
of his birth, to lay him in his last resting place
by the side of his gallant son, and surrounded
by the tablets which tell the " short and simple
' annals of the poor."
if a man's life has not impressed his fellow-
men, bis futieral will not. But his funeral
may tell how his life has impressed them; and,
standing there, no man could doubt the sincer-
ity of the sorrow which his death had occa-
sioned among those who knew him best. A
bad man could not be so mourned. Taken as
he was, without warning, away from the busy
scenes of lifeTs activities, when looking for-
ward to new and important enterprises, his
death admonishes us who are engaged, as he
was, in public cares aud duties, of the uncer-
tainty of life and of the value of our tiuie,
that we should—
"Part withit as with.money, sparing; pay
No moment but in purchase of its worth;
Audwhatitsworih, ask death-beds; they can tell."
Mr. President, I offer the following resolu-
tions :
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcementof the death of tbelate
Hon. Jobs Covode. lato a member of the House of.
Kepresentatives from the State of Pennsylvania.
Renvlved. Tbatus a markof re.-pec*, j'or the memory
of Mr. Covode, the members of the >enate will wear
the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That as a further murk of respect for the
memory of the deceased, theSenate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNEB. Mr. President, I venture
to interpose a brief .word of sincere homage
to the late John Covode. I call him Johx
Covode, for so I heard him called always.
Others are known by some title of honor or
office, but he was known only by the simple
name he bore. This familiar designation har-
monized with his unassuming life and char-
acter.
During his long service in Congress I was in
the Senate, so that I have been his contem-
porary. And now that he has gone belore
me 1 owe my testimony to the simplicity,
integrity, and patriotism of his public life.
Always simple, always honest, always patri-
otic, he leaves a name which must be preserved
in the history of Congress. In the long list
of its members he will stand forth with an
individuality not to be forgotten. How con-
stantly and indefatigably he toiled the rec-
ords of the other House declare. He was it
doer rather than a speaker; but is not doing
more than speech, unless in those rare cases
where a speech is an act? But his speech had
a plainness which was not without effect, espe-
cially before the people, where the facts and
figures which he presented with honest voice
were eloquent.
The Bebellion found this faithful Represent-
ative in his place, and from the first moment
to the last he gave to its suppression time, in-
exhaustible energy, and that infinite treasure,
the life of a son. He was for the most vigor-
ous measures, whether in the field or in states-
manship. Slavery had no sanctity for hi:n,
and he insisted upon striking it. In the same
spirit, when the Bebellion was suppressed, he
insisted always upon those Equal Rights for
All, without which the Declaration of Inde-
pendence is an unperformed promise, and our
nation a political bankrupt. In all these things
he showed character and became a practical
leader. There is heroism elsewhere than on
fields of battle, and he displayed it. lie was
a civic hero. And here the bitterness which
he encountered was the tribute to his virtue.
In doing honor to this much deserving ser-
vant, I cannot err if I add that nobody had
more at heart the welfare of the Republican
party, with which, in his judgment, were asso-
ciated the best interests of the nation. He felt
that, giving to his party, he gave to his coun-
try and to mankind. His strong sense and the
completeness of his devotion to party made
him strenuous always for those commanding
principles by which Humanity is advanced.
Therefore was he for the unity of the party,
that it might be directed with all its force for
the good cause. Therefore was he against
outside and disturbing questions, calculated to
distract and divide. He saw the wrong they
did to to the party, and, in the relation of cause
and effect, to the country. And here that frank-
ness, which was part of his nature, became a
power. He was always frank, whether with
the people, with Congress, or with the Presi-
dent. I cannot forget his frankness with Abra-
