1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tion of the war and defense fund bonds of
the State, an important and responsible trust.
He entered the Army in the fall of 18G2, at the
most perilous period of our struggle with the
great rebellion, and served with distinction and
honor until the 15t.h of December, 1864, when,
by reason of impaired health and the consolida-
tion of Iowa regiments, he resigned, and again,
in the spring of 1865, resumed the practice of his
profession, and thus continued until elected to
the Forty-First Congress. Although his term
of service here was brief, he faithfully and intel-
ligently represented the sentiments of his con-
stituency, and in an eminent degree enjoyed
the confidence of his colleagues and associates
on this floor. He was nominated by acclama-
tion in hisdistrietforreelection, and would have
been reelected had not death barred the way.
Colonel Smyth was born in Ireland, ofScotch
parents, and at the early age of fifteen immi-
grated to this country to seek his fortune, with-
out means and without friends, except an elder
brother who had preceded him by a few years.
He was thus educated in the school of adversity,
and early learned to be self-reliant. By nature
endowed with a strong and clear intellect, his
early training, acting on these natural gifts,
admirably fitted him for the various positions
of honor and responsibility to which he was
chosen, and enabled him to bring to the dis-
charge of these varied trusts superior intelli-
gence, fidelity, industry, and zeal.
This brief notice of the many positions he
held, beginning with his early youth and con-
tinued almost without interruption throughout
his whole life, indicates the high estimate the
people of Iowa placed upon his ability and
worth. This confidence, so worthily bestowed,
continued to the day of his death.
He was struck down in the vigor of manhood
and at the period of his greatest usefulness, he
being only forty six years of age at the time of
his death. Choosing Iowa as his home, at the
beginning of his manhood life, when it con-
tained a population of only a few thousand,
he lived to see an intelligent Commonwealth
of nearly twelve hundred thousand people;
and this people will remember him as one of
the distinguished men within her borders who
contributed largely to this growth and great-
ness. He was firm, strong, and ardent in his
opinions upon any subject in which he took
an interest. A descendant of the old Scotch
Covenanters, he inherited the firmness and
obstinacy of the heroes of Bothwell Bridge in
the faith that seemed to him the true faith.
In early life ho allied himself to the Dem-
ocratic party, believing it to represent more
nearly than any other the liberty of the citizen,
as conti-asted with the tyranny from which he
had fled in his boyhood. But when that great
party drifted, as heconecived, from its ancient
moorings into other waters he abandoned it,
and united with what was then the new Repub-
lican party, to which he faithfully adhered,
always advocating the most advanced opinions
and radical views vmhin that organization.
In his manners and bearing with his fellows
he was always amiable, mild, and courteous,
seeming to remember even to his enemies that
a "soft answer turneth away wrath." In his
dealings with men, as with parties, he was hon-
est and earnest, thinking more of a good name
than great riches. Faithful to friends, he was
most beloved at his own home, where best
known. In his death Iowa has lost a faithful
public servant and one of its safest and best
counselors.
It was my fortune to know him intimately,
and although on one or two occasions we dif-
i'eied seriously about matters of local concern,
our pleasant personal relations were never dis-
turbed, and the more.I knew of him the more
I learned to esteem him. I visited him a week
before his death. Although at the time very
feeble, ho expressed a confident hope of meet-
ing his friends here at the beginning of the
present session. The next day 1 heard his dis-
ease had taken a fresh hold on him, and (hen
came the sad news of his death. He retained
up to the last moment, m full vigor, his mental
faculties, and when the last summons came he
departed, having full hope of fruition in the
world to come. In his last moments he called
about him his little children, soon to become
orphans, and in substance admonished them
to deal justly with all men ; to "seek first the
kingdom of heaven and all other things would
be added unto themand then, bidding friends
and neighbors farewell, his soul departed in
peace. May our last end be like his.
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the House hears with profound
regret of the death of William Smyth, member from
the second district of Iowa.
lietolved, That, as a testimony of respect for tho
memory of the deceased,themembers and officers of
this House will wear the usual badge of mourning
lor thii ty days.
lle-iohfd. That as a further mark of respect for the
deceased the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WOLF. Mr. Speaker, having been
well acquainted with the deceased, and being
his successor in position here, it would seem
prop.er that I should say a few words in response
to the resolution now before the House. Yet
in making such remarks, involving the higher
aspirations of the mind and addressed to the
finer feelings of the heart, I am very forcibly
reminded of the poverty and inaccuracy of
human language when applied to such a subject.
A few simple words, however, sometimes speak
volumes. How often have I heard members
of this body, on learning of the death of Colonel
Smyth, say, " 1 am sorry. He was a good man;
he was an honest man." This, sir, tells the
story of his whole life, for through all the busi-
ness relations of life, and in the execution of
all the many trusts conferred on him by the
suffrage of the people, he has borne the same
unwavering love for honesty of purpose and
integrity of character. And it must be con-
fessed that his life was truly the life of a great
man, when we reflect that it v/as filled with
evcry-day acts of kindness and deeds of useful-
ness, and that each good deed adds to the
great sea of life a wave of progress that shall
go forward through all the varied years of the
future and break at la3t in the beauty of holi-
ness on the shores of eternity. Truo greatness
does not consist in the ability to attract atten-
tion. any more than true statesmanship is indi-
cated by the ability to declaim. Hence, when
fault-finders disparagingly said, u He made very
few speeches," his fiiends have referred to
the long record of his integrity, and then sug-
gestively pointed to the many rhetorical patriots
who fell by the wayside, or were carried by their
own impetuosity into the ranks of the enemy.
Colonel Smyth was not only a pioneer in the
westward march of civilisation and empire,
but he was also a pioneer in the cause of lib-
erty and reform. On political questions he
was not a follower, but a leader ; and w'hen a
new question arose he did not stop to weigh
and estimate the probabilities as to which side
would be immediately in the majority, but his
only inqniry v/r^, Which is l'.ght?'1 And
having determined which was righi, he pursued
it unflinchingly through prosperity and through
adversity, believing what has been uttered by
the poet—
"Though tho causc of evil prosper, yet 'tis Truth j
alone is strong,
And albeit she wander outcast now, I seo around
ht r throng
Troops of beautiful tall angels to enshiel^l her from
the wrong." _
"Though Truth be on the scaffold and Error on tho
throne,
Yet that scaffold sways the future, and behind the
dim unknown t
Standeili (-rod within tho shadow keeping watch
above ills own."
When, in a dark hour, the spirit of wrong and
oppression, assuming the diabolical form and
the black flagof treason, aimed its weapons of
destruction at the life of the nation, and opened
on the theater of the western continent, behind
the foot-lights of burning cities, before the
audience of nations, and aroand the very cradle
of liberty, that grand contest between right
and wrong which should determine the ques-
tion whether the American flag should stand
in its redeemed glory the bright emblem, of
freedom, or whether it should sink with the
dying hope of republican liberty amid the
smoke and din and carnage of war, then did
Colonel William Smyth put on the crowning
glory of his integrity and patriotism by draw-
ing his sword and risking his life in the cause
of truth, justice, and his country. He stood
firm amid the harrowing scenes and trying cir-
cumstances of deadly conflict; and when at last
the glad cry of victory went up from the war-
scathed ranks of the Union, he revered the
sacrifices of the widow and orphan, and with
them dropped tearsof sympathy overthe graves
of the fallen. But having come out of thecon-
flict suffering under relentless disease, he has
at last fallen a sacrifice to the cause of his
country, and has gone beyond the valley to
muster on fairer fields those of his command
who preceded him at the transfiguration on
Lookout mountain and Missionary ridge. May
the peace of the righteous be his, and his sac-
rifice be hallowed in the memories of the good
and the true as long as sacrifices are needed
for the redemption of man.
Mr. LOTJGrHRIDGB. Mr. Speaker, it is,
I believe, the first time in the history of the
State of Iowa that its delegation in this House
has been called upon to announce the death of
one of their number. And, sir, it is with feel-
ings of peculiar sadness that I now join with my
colleagues in this last tribute to our deceased
colleague. I am not here, sir, to utter an em pty,
formal, soulless panegyric. That were mock-
ery, for I know lull well that flattery from the
mouth of the living cannot " soothe the dull,
cold ear of death/' But 1 rise to speak the
words of truth concerning a departed fiiend,
whose example lvalue and-whose memory!
cherish and revere. ,
Sir, in the death of Judge Smyth this House
has lost one of its most valuable members.
The State he so well represented has lost one
of its truest and best men, and some of ns
have lost a warm-hearted personal friend. 5Iy
personal acquaintance with Judge Smyth
extended over a period of some fifteen years.
When I first met him he was a judge upon the
bench iu the State of Iowa, and 1 a lawyer at
the bar. From that time till his death my
acquaintance with him was continuous and
intimate. I knew him well in different rela-
tions of public life, and I think lean truly say
that I have seldom known a public man of so
few faults and so many virtues. Modest and
unassuming, as true worth often is, he was not
taken by the world for all that his merits and
his ability deserved, and none appreciated liiin
so highly as those who knew him best.
The leading factsin his biography hare been,
alluded to in the eloquent remarks of my col-
leagues ; yet there are a few traits oi'nis char-
acter to which I cannot refrain from alluding.
One was his untiring and indomitable per-
severance and tenacity of purpose—a trait of
character which he possessed in a remarkable
degree, and which was doubtless one leading
cause of his success in life. When lie farmed
a purpose to accomplish any given end, while
other men may have had more power, yet no
mortal man could pursue that end with more
tenacity than he : and although he could not
always succced, yet it was certainly a hopeless
case when he abandoned the elicit.
Another trait of character which distin-
guished the deceased—and a nobis one it is—
was the fidelity of his irietidshifS. £ do not
indorse the misanthropic sentiment of Gold-
smith, wherein I think he does great injustice
to human nature when he says:
" And what is friendship but a name,
A charm that lulls 10 stcop,
A shade that follows wealth or fame,
But leaves the wretch to weep
No, sir, there is a true irieo-""-hi; : a i'liend-
