1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ing out in Iowa.. They transported the men to
d-o the work all the way from the city of Wash-
ington ; they hired them by the day, paid their
wages all the time, and their transportation
and board. Then the Government paid for
all the materials, the cost for the overseer of
the work, and then fifteen per cent, added upon
the entire cost for the responsibility of the
overseer. That is the way our buildings are
being erected.
This bill in another respect is a novelty, for
the reason that included in it, as a part of the
aggregate upon which fifteen per cent, is
allowed, is payment at the rate of ten cents
per square foot as royalty for the patent. This
patent is one in which the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury formerly held an interest.
He sold out to this company for $6,000. Then
he hires the company to transport their men
ail the way from Washington to Iowa to put
that patent roofing on a public building; he
gives them a royalty often cents a foot, and he
gives them fifteen per cent, in addition upon
the whole cost..
_Mr. DAWES. All thathasbeeu done away
with.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, it is
not done away with. The same kind of roof-
ing is to-day being put on Government build-
ings ; the same method of having repairs done
on public buildings is resorted to in different
parts of the country.
Mr. LAWRENtiE. Is not this roofing the
best that can be used?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] asks me whether this
is not the best roofing that there is. All I can
say about that is that you cannot find in New
York, or Boston, or ChicagOjOr any other city
of the United States, any private individual
who has ever used it. It is used by the Gov-
ernment only. The supervising architect of
the Treasury, after acquiring an interest in the
patent, sells it to a company in Washington
and engages that company to put this roofing
on the public buildings. This is the way in
which our buildings are being erected.
Let me give another illustration of the way
in w.hich this matter is managed. Your super-
vising architect of the Treasury gets out a lit-
tle, insignificant, good-for-nothing patent for
an improved lock. He goes to New York and
sells that patent to a lock company, composed
of Weed, Tweed, and some olher gentlemen.
He gets $1,000 for his interest in that patent,
and then turns right around and orders these
Jocks to be put upon every door in the Treasury
Department to which they can bo applied. This
is the way our money goes for Government
buildings. The supervising architect takes
out a little patent, sells it to somebody, and at
once orders the patented article to be used on
the public buildings, though no private citizen
will use it.
In order to put on a building in Iowa this
roofing, which is no belter than any other roof-
ing, and for which the Government pays a
royalty, men are transported from Washing-
ton at the expense of'tlio Government. Why?
I suppose workmen cannot be obtained in
Iowa ! There are no mechanics in the more
remote parts of the country to do this work!
Mechanics must go from Washington city to
do this common kind of copper-work upon a
roof! You pay them by the day for all the time
they work ; you also pay for their transporta-
tion and provisions ; and then fifteen per cent.
.0 allowed on the whole expense as royalty
for the patent.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know anything as to
this matter of locks, which thegentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faiinswortii] speaks about; and
it does not pertain to public buildings. Ilence
I do not discuss it. As to the contract which
existed between the surpervising architectand
the owner of the patent for roofing, I am in-
formed by the Secretary of the Treasury that
it has been annulled and is no longer in force,
the items which the gentleman has read hav-
ing been charged some two years ago. -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This roofing has
been used within the last six months on the
Post Office building in this city.
Mr. DAWES. Not under such an arrange-
ment as the gentleman has stated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe the arrange-
ment is the same.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman know
that fact?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
precisely the same royalty is paid.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know about that;
I state what I have learned from the Secretary
of the Treasury. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois to require the expendi-
ture of all this money upon contracts that shall
cover the completion of the whole building
would, as I have already had occasion to state,
put an end to the construction of the post
office building at New York. That building
cannot be completed in less than three or four
years; and if a contract should now be made
for the completion of the building, no man
would take, for instance, the contract for fur-
nishing next year $100,000 of iron beams,
incurring the chances of fluctuation in price,
unless you allowed him a margin that would
result in a very extravagant price to the Gov-
ernment. The gentleman in chaige of the build-
ing is known to the members of this House.
Hon. Calvin T. Hulburd is as honest and true
a man as there is in the world, and he makes
every dollar of the Government go as far as it
is possible for a dollar to go.
After we have done av/ay with tEe system
of constructing these buildings by one entire
contract, I submit that it is not worth our while
now to adopt this amendment. I wish to say
that in reference to every one of these build-
ings appropriated for in this bill there is a
limitation upon the cost and a provision that
the plans must conform to this limitation ;
and that it shall be unlawful to expend a dol-
lar of money except in conformity to those
plans.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to correct the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and I there-
tore move an amendment, to strike out the last
word.
Mr. PLATT. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois having spoken, the Chair is compelled to
recognize the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. This Hall is engaged for this
evening, and unless we hurry to get through
with this bill it will not get into the other
branch until day after to-morrow.
Mr. PLATT. I move to strike out the last
word. I do not rise, Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of attempting a defense on the part of
the supervising architect of the Treasury De-
partment here and now. I do beg this House,
however, to take any statements made in
regard to that gentleman by the gentleman from
Illinois with large grains of allowance. The
mention of the name of the supervising archi-
tect seems to have the same effect upon him
as the shaking of a red blanket in the face of
a rampant bull. It always seems to excite his
ire. 1 have not the data by me to defend him
irom the specific charges made here now. I
do believe, however, that he can successfully
defend himself from them, as he has heretofore
done against charges emanating from the same
source.
In regard to the old contract system in exist-
ence years ago for the construction of our pub-
lic buildings, I can only say that experience
has abundantly demonstrated the fact that
under the present system our public buildings
are erected at a less expense than formerly,
and in a much better style. Under the old
contract system bids were advertised for under
certain plans and specifications, andthen, after
the bids were received, some new plan was
adopted, and a contract made costing two or I
three times as much as under the present system.
Experience is entirely against the old system
and in favor of the new system. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois will not be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I hope now debate will be
closed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to take the
floor to oppose the amendment to the amend-
ment. I am not at all surprised at the speech
of the member from Virginia in indorsement
of the supervising architect- of the Treasury
Department. No doubt it is a fit and proper
one, coming from that quarter. It seems to be
the habit in this House if you catch a man
stealing and attempt to pull him away to char-
acterize it as persecution. If I rise and oppose
the squandering of the public money, some one,
like the gentleman from Virginia, immediately
gets up and thinks it is personal. I do not
care for Mr. Mullett. I would do the same
thing if the supervising architect was Smith,
or Jones, or any other man. I do not care who
the man is. I only care to guard the Treasury.
I was sent here by my constituents for that pur-
pose. But, sir, what I have stated here about
Mr. Mullett, the supervising architect of the
Treasury Department, is all true. It cannot be
gainsaid. I have given the subjectsome atten-
tion. My amendment requires that whatever
money is expended shall be expended on con-
tract. It does not require that the whole shall
be let or that the plans of the buildings shall
be changed.
Mr. DAWES. Without a limitation on the
cost, how can you let one contract without the
whole goes?
Mr. STEVENSON. Iriseto a question of
order, that debate must be confined to the
motion to strike out the last word.
The SPEAKER. The last word is "bid-
der. "
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the very
thing I am talking about. If the argumsit of
the gentleman from Massachusetts is goc d for
anything it will equally apply whether contract
is madefor the whole work or the building is
constructed by day's work. He says you can-
not give a contract, for a part until you know
what the whole will cost. Now, as Paddy
would say, " by the same token," his argument
would apply to day's work, and you can-
not do any part of the work until you know
what the whole will cost. Then you know
whether the contract is within the estimate or
not. But when they go on working by the
day, and first complete the foundation by the
day, and then the first floor by the day, this
continues until they find the appropriation
exhausted.
The question being taken on Mr. Fabns-
worth's amendment, it was agreed to—ayes
75, noes 54.
Mr. DAW ES. I move to amend by striking
out the last word, for the purpose of making
a statement to the House.
The remainder of the hill consists of appro-
priations for light-houses, which have been first
estimated by the Light-House Board and then
revised and cut down to the lowest possible
point, every one being cut out which it was
thought could possibly be spared, and of two
other sections, the one providing for the re-
payment of duties under that provision of the
tariff law which requires that duties should be
refunded on goods that were in bond when the
new tariff act took effect, and another raising
the German mission to a full mission. Those
two items, with the appropriations for light-
houses, are all thatremain ofthe bill. O^eitem
lias been left out of the print of the appro-
priations for light-houses. I move this as
an amendment, and shall move to suspend the
rules and adopt the remainder, of the bill with
an amendment.
Ihe SPEAKER. Before that motion is
entertained the Chair will recognize the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Jones] and the
