280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
the Senate the resolutions announcing the
death of his colleague in the House of Repre-
sentatives, the presentation of which will con-
clude this session. The bill for the relief of
Dr. J. Milton Best having been informally
passed over with the consent of the Senator
from Kentucky, the Senate must resume its
consideration if he demands it. It was inform-
ally passed, over to allow this bill to be passed,
if it could be done.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the
present bill being acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ It cannot be.
The Senator from Iowa has risen to speak on
the death of one of his colleagues in the House
of Representatives, which will end the session
of the Senate previous to the holidays.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I must claim the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (S. No. 6C7)
for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa is recognized.
Mr. HARLAN., I ask that the message from
the House be read.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to appeal to my friend
from Iowa to give way for a moment for the
consideration of a bill which I reported yester-
day. One reason, among others, which induces
me to ask for its consideration at this time is
that I am liable to be called away during the
recess and shall necessarily be absent oil the
reassembling of the Senate on the 4th of Jan-
uary, and I desire very much to secure the
passage of this bill before that time. I ask my
friend frem Iowa to give way for a moment to
allow this bill to be considered now.
Mr. HARLAN. I would do it under any
other imaginable circumstances that I could
think of, but I cannot yield now.
DEATH OF IION. WILLIAM SMYTH.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the proceedings of the House of Repre-
sentatives on the announcement of the death
of Hon. William Smyth, late a member of
the House of Representatives from the State
of Iowa.
The resolutions of the House of Representa-
tives were read.
Mr, HARLAN. Mr. President, by this mes-
sage we are again reminded of our mortality;
that the sentence of death has been passed on
all men ; that this common destroyer is 110
respecter of persons ; that he enters the high
places of the earth as well as the most humble ;
that the prince arid the beggar are alike before
him. How often he has entered this Chamber
and carricd hence the greatest an I mostbeloved
of our associates! This lime the seat made
vacant by his ruthless hand is in the other
Chamber. The House of Representatives has
sent its messenger to inform the Senate that
Hon. William Smyth, of the second congres-
sional district of Iowa, has departed this life,
and that out of respect to his memory the
House has suspended business and adjourned.
He was with us at the close of the last session
in the enjoyment of usual health and spirits.
At the beginning of this session he answered
not at the roll-call. During the brief recess,
which to others was a period of rest and relax-
ation, he encountered_ the last great enemy,
and has fallen. His lips are now sealed, his
body is sleeping its last long sleep, and his
immortal spirit has gone to Him who gave it.
Shall we not pause a moment at this sad an-
nouncement and join the House in the pro-
posed tribute of respeet to the memory of our
late associate, that we, too, may profit by this
sad lesson thus taught by the Supreme Ruler
of the universe?
During this solemn pause, it may not be
amiss to glance at the history of this fallen
statesman, so recently with us in these high
eouiieil chambers of the nation, whose benefi-
cent institutions were illustrated by his life.
The late Hon. Wii.liam Smyth was born
January 3, A. D. 1824, of Scotch parents, in
•Tyrone county, Ireland. When about fifteen
years of age he emigrated with his parents to
the United States; resided a few years in Penn-
sylvania, but ultimately settled in Linn county.
Iowa, where he spent some time in agricultural
pursuits. In 1845 he commenced the study of
law in the office of Judge James P. Carlton,
in Iowa City, the, capital of the State. Three
years afterward ho was admitted to the bar,
and commenced the practice of his profession
in Marion, Linn county, where he continued
to reside until the day of his death.
He soon took rank with the ablest members
of the profession, and was almost immediately
designated as attorney for the State in his
judicial circuit, in which office he was con-
tinued by the suffrages of the people for about
five years, when a vacancy having occurred
in the office of judge of the district court,
by the death of his old law preceptor, Judge
Carlton, he was first appointed by the Gov-
ernor and afterward elected by the people,
without opposition, to fill this high office. He
served, with great acceptability to the bar and
people, about three years, when, in 1857, he
resigned and resumed the practice of his pro-
fession. In 1858 he was chosen by the Legis-
lature chairman of a commission to revise and
codify the laws of the State, which resulted in
what is known in Iowa as the code of 1800.
At the end of this service he was appointed
chairman of "the commission of legal in-
quiry," a position requiring the highest order
of practical legal learning.
In 1SG1, immediately after the commence-
ment of the rebellion, he was selected by the
Legislature as a member of a commission to
negotiate the Iowa war loan, to be used in put-
ting the State in a condition to repel a threat-
ened rebel attack on the southern border, and
to^ equip the first regiments of Iowa troops
raised for the national defense. On August 10,
18G2, he was appointed colonel of the thirty-
first Iowa infantry, with which he marched to
the front, encountering, with his comrades in
arms, the perils and toils of the field until De-
cember 15, 1864, when, on account of what
proved to be permanent loss of health, he re-
signed his command, and again returned to the
practice of the law. In 18G8 he was elected to
a seat in the Forty-First Congress, and in the
autumn of 1870, a short time before his death,
was nominated by the Republican convention
of his district without opposition for reelection.
These almost continuous employments in judi-
cial, legislative, financial, and military posi-
tions, commencing with the office of prosecut-
ing attorney and culminating in his elevation
to a seat in the national councils, will afford an
intimation of the estimation in which he was
held by the people among whom he lived, and
by the Legislature and Executive of the State
of his adoption.
It is not my purpose to pronounce a eulogy
on his life or to present a critical analysis of
bis mental and moral character. But his rapid
advancement in his profession, and his early
elevation to the highest positions of honor and
trust in the various departments enumerated,
notwithstanding the severe competition and
earnest rivalry which must always be encoun-
tered by a young man without wealth or family
influence, in a new and vigorous community,
in a frontier State, sufficiently attest his capa-
city and sterling qualities of head and heart.
These qualities did not attract attention so
much on account of striking brilliancy as for
the harmonious blending of superior mental
capacity, moral force, and purity of character,
resulting in a high order of practical ability,
which crowned his efforts with almost uniform
success. His great qualities and marked suc-
cess seemed to be more the fruits of correct
early training, honest industry, severe study,
careful reflection, and persistent effort than of
extraordinary native endowment. Hence, the
contemplation of his career may be more use-
ful to iho youth of the country than that of men
of unequaled geniusand native brilliancy. The
former are self-made, the latter God-created;
the former invite, the latter forbid, imitation.
His parents were Reformed Presbyterian in
religious belief. He was, of course, brought
up in that faith, receiving in his childhood the
somewhat severe but thorough scriptural train-
ing peculiar to that Christian denomination,
which laid the foundation of a purity of life
which challenged the approval of the most cir-
cumspect. Nor was the culture of his mind
neglected. He enjoyed the advantages of the
primary schools and academical instruction in
his native country. This mental discipline
was supplemented by a three years' course of
legal reading, under the direction of one of
Iowa's ablest jurists, before his admission to
the bar. It was thus he acquired the studious
habits and that capacity for sustained laborious
research which secured professional eminence
and crowned his public career with marvel-
ous success.
He was modest and retiring almost to a fault;
he did not think of himself more highly than
he ought; and yet he had that self-respect and
confidence in his own capacity which prompted
him to undertake to do whatever was necessary
to be done without much regard for the char-
acter of the obstacles in his pathway. But
this confidence seemed to be the outgrowth of
an abiding faith in the capacity of humanity,
as a common endowment of the individuals of
the race, rather than self-esteem. He seemed
to expect a large degree of personal success
as the legitimate reward of persistent and well-
directed effort and the confidence and approval
of mankind as the just reward of merit.
He was not inordinately ambitious, nor yet
was he insensible to the good opinion of liis
fellow-men and the public honors which marked
his career. It is said that he expressed in his
boyhood an earnest desire one day to obtain
a seat in Congress. He however seemed
rather to accept than to seek preferment, and
more on account of the wider field for useful-
ness which it afforded than on account of a
desire for personal distinction. We have no
evidence that unchaste desire for preferment
among his fellow-men ever illured him from
the pathway of virtue or caused him to swerve
a hair-breadth from the line of duty. He
reached the goal of his youthful ambition in
the meridian of life; his neighbors had freshly
crowned him with honors more desirable to an
American than a royal diadem, when lie was cut
down in the midst of his years and usefulness.
I knew him in his boyhood ; I watched his
upward career during his manhood, and re-
joiced in witnessing his every triumph. He
was my friend and neighbor. It was my priv-
ilege to sit by his bedside and converse with
iiim when the icy fingers of death were feeling
for his vitals. I knew him to be a faithful
friend, a generous neighbor, a confiding hus-
band, a tender parent, an upright citizen, au
able advocate, a just judge, a brave soldier, a
learned counselor, a wise legislator, and a de-
voted Christian. God has called him to a higher
life. While we drop a tear at bis grave, may
we cherish his memory, imitate his virtues, and
be able to meet the great conqueror with the
Christian fortitude which marked his closing
hours when the Supreme Ruler shall call us
hence.
_ Mr. President, I offer the following resolu-
tions :
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of lion.
William Smyth, late a member of the House of
Representatives from the State of Iowa.
Itesolved, That as amark of respect for the memory
of Mr. S.myth the members of the Senate will wear
the usual badge of mourning for the space of thirty
days.
Uetolsed, That as a further mark of respeet for the
memory ot the deceased the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In accordance
with the concurrent resolution of the two
Houses, I declare the Senate adjourned until
Wednesday, the 4th day of January, at uoou.
