1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
281
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 22, 1870.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Or. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was in part read,
■when
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, the further
reading was, by unanimous consent, dispensed
with.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, _
its Secretary, informed the House that the'
Senate had passed joint resolutions and bills
of the following titles; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2G2) authoriz-
ing the appointment of commissioners in rela-
tion to the republic of Dominica;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 238) for the
relief of Lieutenant Commander John X.
Quackenbush ;
A bill (S. No. 1061) for the relief of W. B.
Carpenter; and
A bill (S. No. 901) for the relief of Sarah
N. Engleton, executrix of the last will and
testament of J. Joseph Engleton, deceased.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bills
of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 771) for the relief of
Zaehariah Pettijohn; and
A bill (FI. R. No. 2530) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July li, 1870.
enrolled bill signed.
The SPEAKER. In the absence of any
members of the Committee on Enrolled Bills,
the Chair temporarily appoints, as a member
of that committee, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to report a bill from
that committee, and to convey the same to the
President.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title; when the
Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 2530) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
the session of to-day is for debate only as in
Committee of the Whole, no business to be
transacted. The gentleman from Ohio, Mr.
Stevessoit, will take the chair as Speaker pro
tempore.
Mr. PORTER obtained the floor.
AMNESTY.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Porter] who has obtained
the floor has kindly yielded to me for about
fifteen minutes, and I propose to occupy that-
time in addressing the House upon the amnesty
bill reported from the Committee on Beeon-
struciion.
Mr. Speaker, it was reported in the daily
press of this city that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts who presents this bill to the House
said, in a Republican caucus a few evenings
ago, that the leaders of the rebellion should
have been hanged, and I am not prepared to
say. sir, whether if such a judgment had been
meted out to those unfortunate individuals it
would not have been more magnanimous in
the conquerors, more creditable to this Gov-
ernment, and more merciful to the offenders
than the provisions of this measure. It is
drawn and fashioned after the amnesty statute
of George II, in the barbarous days of Old
England, and does credit to its great original.
The imitative and creative genius of the gen-
tleman has certainly here been stimulated to
its highest, effort ; his offspring has transcended
the statute of royal George; for in circumlo-
cution. \ ariely of feature, and inexplicable
ramification, the world has never seen its like
before. The gentleman's imagination would
seem to have been tortured into an attempt to
contrive a bill of pains andpenalties to further
oppress a certain class of mankind who have
never sinned, or sinned but little, and to
exempt another class from the fines and pun-
ishments justly due their willful and flagrant
violation of the laws of God and man.
It is a Pandora's box, from which will flow
innumerable evils to afflict ou," people. It is
an .anomaly in modem history, and reverses
and astounds ancient history. It is the intro-
duction of the Grecian horse after Troy has
been taken, the enemy subdued, and the war
ended. If, unfortunately, it should pass the
House and become a law, the gentleman should
be awarded a patent for having invented a
machine so wonderfully complex, working ill
every direction under impalpable and false |
powers, without beginning or end, head or tail,
upturning all legal forms, rights, and laws under
our present form of government, understood
by none, confusing and perplexing judges, law-
yers, clients, and people ; that will remain a
puzzle, sliatn, and shame as long as it shall
incumber our statute-books. This bill may be
called a "chowder" of rare and varied ingre-
dients, and of the purest water of the New Eng-
land kitchen. The euisinier seems to have
snatched inspiration from the cave of old
Hecate and snuffed the fumes of her boiling
caldron. Indeed, we might suppose he had
borrowed from the pot itself—
"Fillet of a fenny snake,
In the caldron boil and bake:
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat. and tongue of dog,
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,
Lizard's leg, and owlet's wing.
For a charm of powerful trouble.
Like a hell-broth boil and bubble."
And if this feast should be accepted, the
gentleman, with true Hecate commendation,
may exclaim to his fellows, "black spirits"
and all:
" Oh. well done 1 I commend your pains;
And every one shall share i' the gams.
And now about the caldron sing,
Like olves and fairies in a ring,
Enchanting all that you put in."
Time is not allowed me, Mr. Speaker, to even
sum up the provisions and conditions of this
bill. It seems to give general license to all
criminals and evil-doers in time of war, both
friends and enemies, to deny the right and ad-
mit the wrong to all. It annihilates constitu-
tional provisions in regard to the jurisdiction
of our courts, State anil Federal. It removes
suits from the State courts to the Federalcourts,
against the express restrictions of the Federal
Constitution. It imposes penalties upon all
men who attempt to enforce their rights accord-
ing to the Constitution and laws of the United
States and of the States. It punishes the clerks
and recording officers of the State courts in cer-
tain contingencies for doing their sworn duty
under existing laws, and tends and contributes
to consolidated government, which was the fear
of our fathers, and which we are already too
nearly approaching. It sets aside all the usual
forms, qualifications, and^ legal restrictions
known to our tribunals of justice. It excepts
from its grace those who have in many instances
least offended and simply did the bidding of
their constituents, Legislatures, and people,
and among other wrongs and iniquities it gives
to the Government of the United States title,
" inalienable forever" to property not. its own
by any law or right human or divine, but which
has been wrongfully confiscated or arbitrarily
seized or filched from women and children.
Such are the more prominent features_of this
measure ostentatiously termed "a bill for full
and general grace, amnesty, and oblivion of
all wrongful acts,p doings, or omissions of all
persons engaged in the war of the late rebel-
lion ;" a bill comprising about three thousand
words and many meaningless sentences, llow
much letter and more appropriate for  U pur-
poses' of amnesty is the amendment ci tue
gentleman from Illinois, £Mr. Faenswokth ;J
that"all political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution ofthe United States are h,ereby
removedjust twenty-two words. That is all
we want, Mr. Speaker; totum. in parvO, plain,
easily comprehended, and perfectly compre-
hensive.
,1 have been pained, sir, to hear many opin-
ions and expressions of gentlemen during this
debate. They seem still to be nursing the slum-
bering fires of the late unhappy war, which I
had hoped were quenched forever. They seem
to forget that the foes with whom they fought
descended from a common ancestry, and in
many instances were " bone of their bone and
flesh of their flesh," the children and followers
of Washington, Marion, and Sumter; of Han-
cock, Putnam, and Warren; all contending for
what they were taught and honestly believed to
be their rights. It was a conflict long dreaded,
but inevitable at last, between the disciples of
Jefferson, Madison, and Calhoun, and Hamil-
ton, Adams, and Webster, names all illustrious
in our history, and should be, as they will be
in spite of ourselves, the common heritage of
our children and theirs forever.
Have you been opposed in this great internal
strife for supremacy by craven wretches whom
you can denominate by no better names than
traitors, rebels, and outlaws ? Can it be that
the sons of the Puritans and Pilgrim Fathers
shall feel and speak thus to the descendants of
the Cavaliers and the Huguenots? Have they
not simply differed from you upon a question:
of political power always before in dispute and
never directly adjudicated by any authoritative
tribunal? Does your Constitution prohibit ia
direct terms a State to secede from the Union,
although it does not admit the right? Was the
power delegated to the Federal Government to
coerce States? What means the tenth amend-
ment of the Constitution:
" The powers notdelegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people?"
And whence emanated that proclamation of
State rights? I beg leave to inform you, gen-
tlemen from Massachusetts, that it was froai
the State you represent. When your fathers
sent their delegates to the Convention to ratify
the Constitution they instructed them not ta
ratify until that clause should be incorporated—
their own affirmation of reserved rights. Were
the States forced into a Union ? Could they not
have come in or stayed out at their pleasure?
And if Rhode Island and North Carolina, which
did not ratify the Constitution for two years
after it was adopted and the Union formed,
had chosen to remain out, could they not have
done so and been separate sovereignties to the
present time for aught of right the Union had
to coerce them? The Union was one of con-
sent and affection, not of force. But where in
course of events were heard the first whispers
of disaffection and rebellion? Where was
secession first publicly talked of and threat-
ened? It was in your own now truly loyal
but uncharitable and merciless New England.
Your predecessors threatened to quit the
Union under the administration of W asking-
ton if their State debts were not assumed by
the General Government. They did it again
when the embargo act was passed in 18U7,
and again when Louisiana was purchased, and
still more signally under the administration of
Madison. Who has not heard ofthe celebrated
Hartford convention, where State rights were
loudly affirmed, secession almost proclaimed^,
and the standard of revolt about to be raised ?
Then it was that the southern States were the
great supports of the Union, and their people
i almost ready to denounce the Hartford convea-
j tion as an assembly of traitors.
i I recur to these facts, Mr, Speaker, not m
' advocacy of secession or rebellion, but to show
that these firft lessons of State rights were not
: taught by the men ofthe South, although they
