1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
jng a reconsideration I change my vote from
" no" to " ay."
The result of the vote -was announced a3
above stated.
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and pending that motion I
move that the House adjourn.
leave to print.
Mr. C (JLL£)M obtained leave to have printed
in the Globe remarks on the bill just laid on
the table. [See Appendix.]
Mr. MUNGEN obtained leave to have
printed remarks on the foreign policy of the
Government with reference to Russia, Spain,
and Turkey. [See Appendix.]
Mr. LOUGHR1DGU obtained leave to have
printed remarks on the joint resolution relative
to the claim of William MeGarraban. [See
Appendix.]
The motion of Mr. Dawes, that the House
adjourn, was agieed to—ayes 95, noes 22; and
accordingly (at five o'clock and fifty-five min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
13y Mr. ARNELL: The petitions of W. P.
Carter and 88 others, citizens of Sparta, Ten-
nessee ; of J. W. C. Bryant and 55 others, cit-
izens of Winchester, Tennessee; of William
Walker and 11G others, citizens of Springfield,
Tennessee; of 33 citizens of Benton comity,
Tennessee; of 58 citizens of Murfreesborough,
Tennessee; of 257 citizens of Maury county,
Tennessee ; of 02 citizens of Decherd, Tennes-
see ; of Joseph Hudson and 38 others, citizens
of Syracuse Mills, Tennessee ; of W. B. Ran-
kin and 81 others, citizens of Greenville, Ten-
nessee : and of B. A. Halliday, of Gaines-
ville, Florida, asking aid from Congress to
establish common schools.
Also, a petition of 33 women and 55 men of
Vinton county, Ohio, asking for an amend-
ment to the Constitution which shall secure to
all citizens the right of suffrage without regard
to sex.
By Mr. BECK: A memorial of a number
of citizens of Boyle county, Kentucky, praying
Congress to grant a chatter to the Cincinnati
Southern railroad.
Also, a memorial of a large number of the
citizens of Lincoln county, Kentucky, praying
Congress to giant a charter to the Cincinnati
Southern railroad.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of John
A. Wood, a citizen of Abbeville, Henry county,
Alabama, asking the removal of his political
disabilities, imposed by the fourteenth article
of amendments of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
By Mr. COX: The petition of C. P. Sulli-'
van, jr., of South Carolina, recounting out-
rages upon whites and the consequent outrages
on blacks, and urging a better government ot
separation of the races in South Carolina.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 125 citi-
zens of the State of Kentucky, praying the
charter for a State university.
By Mr. SAUGENT: A petition of miners
of lil Dorado county, California, praying for
amendments to the law for the sale of mining
claims.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: A joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michi-
gan, asking an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Eagle Harbor; also, for
an extension of the time tor const ruction of the
Flint and Pere Marquette railroad ; also, for
extension of exhadition treaty between the
United States and Great Britain ; also, tor an
appropriation for Marquette harbor; also, for
an appropriation for mouth of the river liaisin : j
also, for pensions to soldiers of the war ot 1812: i'
also, memorial for commission to settle Ala- i
baina claims: also, memorial for grant of land i|
to Deer Creek and Marble Quarry railroad. il
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 27, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Bev. J. P. New-
max. D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
was read and approved.
portage lake canal.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the joint resolution (H. 11. No. 519)
extending the time for the completion of the
Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal.
Mr. CHANDLEli. I ask for action upon
that joint resolution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
in full, subject to objection. The chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands desired it to
be passed the other day, but the Senator from
Michigan was absent, and it was laid over.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which proposes to extend the time for the
completion of the Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-caual to the 3d day of March,
1872.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, a3 in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
The joint resolution wa3 reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
credentials.
Mr. POMEROY presented the credentials
of Hon. Alexander Caldwell, chosen by the
Legislature of the State of Kansas a Senator
from that State for the term commencing March
4, 1871; which were read, and ordered to be
placed on file.
petitions axd memorials.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying the passage
of the bill extending the time for presenting
applications for pensions; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of J. M. Marin, of Brenham, Texas, and of
B. 8. Harrison, of Washington county, Texas,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented three petitions of
citizens of New York, praying the continuance
of the publication of the illustrated report
of the Commissioner of Patents ; which were
referred to the Committee on Printing.
lie also presented the memorial of the coun-
cil of the Seneca nation of Indians, remon-
strating against, the sale of any portion of the
Alleghany reservation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, aud ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of E.istport, Maine, praying the passage
of the bill to secure cheap transportation of
breadstuff's from the West to the sea-board at
uniform rates throughout the year ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post-Offices aud
Post Roads.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
petition of Mary A. Bickerdyke, praying the
intervention of Congress in obtaining redress
from the Union Pacific Railroad Company
eastern division, for alleged wrongful ejection
from an eating-house constructed and kept by
her oil the line of their road, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agieed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private L.ind-Claims, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H.. It. No. 20'2! directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to'issue apatentto Applet.011 Stevens, of Ports-
mouth, Bay county, and State of Michigan,
conveying to the said Stevens the land de-
scribed in said resolution, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
263) directing the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to issue a patent to Joseph R.
Hitchcock and Benjamin F. Beckwith, of Bay
city, Bay county, and State of Michigan, con-
veying to said Hitchcock and Beckwith the
land described in said resolution, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
264) directingtheCommissionerof the General
Land Office to issue a patent to Albert Miller,
of Portsmouth, Bay county, and State of Mich-
igan, conveying to the said Miller the land
described in said resolution, reported it without
amendmen t.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
285) directing the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to issue a patent to Alexander
C. Rorison and David B. Rorison, of Ports-
mouth, Bay county, State of Michigan, con-
veying to the said Alexander C. Rorison and
David B. Rorison the land described in said
resolution, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1153) to relinquish
the title of the United States to certain land
occupied by the city of Baton Rouge, in Louis-
iana, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the. same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of miners and set-
tlers in Colfax county, New Mexico, praying
that the patentto certain lands upon which they
are located maybe withheld from the Maxwell
Land Grant and Railway Company until the
title to the same may be thoroughly investi-
gated, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 123!)) for the
adjudication of title to lands claimed by Jose
Apis and Pablo Apis ifi the State of California,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1290) for the relief
of the heirs of Rosario Aguilar, deceased,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 718) to authorize
the district court of the United States for the
district of California to hear and determine
upon its merits the claim of Luis Mesa to a cer-
tain tract of land in California, called " Corral
de Tierra," asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Let that bill go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar with the adverse report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that these
reports are made, not because the committee
have examined these cases and made an ad-
verse decision upon them, but because there
is no time to consider them, and they are re-
ported back to the Senate with a view of having
them recommitted at the next sessiou if the
parties so desire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
placed on the Calendar without recommenda-
tion by the committee, so as not to prejudice
them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish that course taken
on all these measures that I have repotted with-
out action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the biil (S. No. 182,1 for the relief of the heirs
of William A. Hiues, deceased, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was acieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 97i>) to confirm
