1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
seven, in regard to the compensation of the
librarian of the Patent Office ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He yielded that,
and it was disagreed to. The clause remains
in the bill as it came from the House.
Mr'. WILLEY. I wish also to inquire as to
the amendment in line eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
agreed to, reducing the number of third-class
clerks from eight to six.
Mr. WILLEY. I beg to inquire upon what
principle or information that reduction is made.
Mr. COLE. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Patents will find in looking at
the bill that the reduction here is made up in
other force provided, and I believe it is in
accordance with the wishes of the head of
that Department. I have heard no complaint
011 the part of the Department.
Mr. WILLEY. I have a letter before me
addressed, I think, by the Secretary of the
Interior to the chairman "of the Committee
on Appropriations, in which he thinks that
that reduction ought not to be made, and he
assigns his reasons, and they seem to me to
be very patent.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator give us the
date of the lettpr?
Mr. WILLEY. It is dated the 7th of Feb-
ruary, and was sent to me yesterday.
Mr. COLE. I intend to move some amend-
ments, which I think will accord with the
wishes and views of the head of that Depart-
ment.
Mr. WILLEY. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior says in reference to that amendment:
"The increasing business of the Patent Office in
certain directions renders it very desirable to have
at least two third-class clerks more than were ap-
propriated for in the current fiscal year. They are
needed to perform work now thrown upon the Com-
missioner and chief clerk, detaining those officers
long after office hours. As those officers are largely
overburdened, they should have at least this meas-
ure of relief."
The measure of relief proposed is to give
the office eight third-class clerks instead of
six, as provided by the amendment of the
committee. I, of course, am not aware of
the necessity for this force; but as the recom-
mendation comes from the Secretary of the
Interior, my general knowledge of the increas-
ing business of that Department disposes me
to give very great consideration to any recom-
mendation of that character. I suggest to the
Senator that perhaps he ought to allow that
clause to stand as it came from the House.
Mr. COLE. I have a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior of a later date than the
one to which the Senator from West Virginia
refers, and in addition to this communication
the committee have had the benefit of a con-
sultation with the Secretary himself, and I
think the bill is made nearly to accord with
his views. But if upon going through the
appropriations for this Department the Sen-
ator from West Virginia should still be of opin-
ion that there would be any want of force, of
course I shall make no objection on my part
to his moving the change that he suggests.
Mr. WILLEY. That is very fair, and with
that understanding I am willing that the
amendment should stand. I had a conference
yesterday with the acting Commissioner of
Patents, and I am influenced in my view of
the case by what he said to me on that occa-
sion and my confidence in any recommend-
ation that he may make. The matter can lie
over under the suggestion of the acting chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senato from
■ West Virginia can reserve this amendment
when it comes into the Senate if he desires
to do so.
Mr. COLE. Now I move to amend 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from West Virginia desire to reserve this
amendment when the bill comes into the
Mr. WILLEY. I am satisfied with the
explanation of the chairman. He has had a
conference, I" understand, with the Depart-
ment on the subject.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the bill on
page 38, line nine hundred and nine, in the
appropriations for the Patent Office, by strik-
ing out "twenty" and inserting "thirty-five,"
and after the word "at" inserting the words
"the rate of;" in line nine hundred and ten,
after the word " dollars," inserting the words
"per annum," and striking out "twenty"
and inserting " thirty-five ;" so that the clause
will read :
For thirty-five copyists of drawings, at the rate of
§1,000 per annum each, $35,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I suppose that change obvi-
ates the necessity of the amendment to which
I referred awhile ago, and it may stand as
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call the
attention, of the chairman to the fact that the
words "per annum" are not inserted any-
where else. The bill reads, "for forty per-
manent clerks at §900each; one messenger,"
and so on.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to those
words being stricken out if the Senator so
desires.
Mr. SAWYER. The object of the inser-
tion of the words " per annum" was to meet
this case: some of these copyists are only em-
ployed a portion of the year, and it was on
that account that those words were inserted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well;
I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the amend-
ment will stand.
Mr. SAWYER. We say "at the rate of
$1,000 per annum each,"' because these copy-
ists may not be employed during the whole
year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then they would
not need the whole $35,000 for the thirty-five
copyists.
Mr. SAWYER. That is true; but they
might.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The'Secretary
will resume the reading of the amendments
reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
The next amendment of the committee was |
in line nine hundred and thirty, to reduce the :
amount appropriated for the " contingent and !
miscellaneous expenses of the Patent Office "
from §90,000 to §70,000.
Mr. WILLEY. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior thinks that that amendment also should
not be made. Doubtless the chairman of the
committee, however, is aware of the reasons he
assigns, inasmuch as those reasons have been
placed in his hands. He states that—■
"An examination of the accounts of the Patent
Office shows that the appropriation for contingent
and miscellaneous expenses for the current fiscal
year will not prove to be in cxcess of the actual |
needs ofthe office, and lam satisfied that any reduc- h
tionof the amount for the ensuing year would prove
a source of serious embarrassment. The fact that
tlie receipts of the Patent Office show a large excess
over expenditures, amounting annually to between
one and two hundred thousand dollars, is of itsell a
sufficient reason why tho operations of the bureau
should not be crippled by an insufficient appropria-
tion."
This excess in the last two years amounted
to about three hundred and eighteen thou-
sand dollars; and inasmuch as this is a self-
sustaining establishment, and as the business
of the office is constantly increasing, I think
we should be at least liberal—certainly not
extravagant, but at least liberal—in affording
that office all the aid that may be necessary
to make it efficient and to enable it to meet
the public demands upon it. This is the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of the Interior him-
self. The present acting Commissioner of
Patents concurs decidedly with the Secretary
of the Interior in that opinion.
I make these suggestions for the consider-
ation of the acting chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, I doubt whether we ought
to make the reduction which the committee
propose in this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SAWYER. The chairman asks me to
explain what I remember about this amend-
ment. In looking over this paragraph we saw
a great many items, such as stationery, fur-
niture, repairing, papering, painting, carpets,
advertisements, and a dozen more separate
heads included, and we thought they were
exactly those kind of things in which a good
deal of discretion might be exercised in regard
to the expenditure; and I think I recollect
that $70,000 was the appropriation for last
year ; and we thought it best to keep it at that
figure. I have not the book of estimates with
me, by which I can verify that statement; but.
my impression is that $70,000 was the old
appropriation, and as a general thing it was
thought desirable Xo avoid making large appro-
priations of this sort for miscellaneous objects,
where the exercise of sound discretion might
perhaps lessen the expense very materially.
Mr. WILLEY. I trust the exercise of that
discretion by the Department will be judicious.
I think there is no reason to suppose that it
will not be. I desire the attention of the
chairman of the Gommittee on Appropria-
tions, and of the Senator from South Carolina,
to the fact stated in this letter by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, that the business of the
Patent Office is constantly increasing. It is
rapidly increasing, and of course must neces-
sarily require a greater expenditure and more
of the articles specified in these items. If
there should be more than enough appropri-
ated I think it fair to assume that no more
would be expended by that Department than
would be absolutely necessary. I, myself,
from some knowledge of the manner in which
the business of that office has been discharged
for some time, am disposed to have very great
confidence in it; and I think we ought to pay
very great regard to the deliberate recom-
mendation, not only of the Secretary of the
Interior, but of General Duncan, the acting
Commissioner of Patents, in whose judgment
and integrity I have great confidence.
Mr. SAWYER. It is very often urged with
regard to appropriations for the Patent Office
that it is a' self-sustaining institution. I do not
think that point is worth much, because I do
not suppose that we should expend the money
which comes to us in that way any more liber-
ally than we should the money that comes in
any other way. Of course we all know that
the Patent Office brings more money into the
Treasury than it costs us to sustain it; but I
do not know that that is any special reason
why we should appropriate any money unne-
cessarily to carry on that office. At the same
time I have no disposition, and I presume the
chairman of the committee has no disposition
to cut down this appropriation to a point that
will embarrass the office. I have as much con-
fidence as the Senator from West Virginia has
in the administration of the office under the
present head of the Patent Office or of the
Interior Department, and I am not at all par-
! ticular about the committee's amendment
: being rejected if it is thought best to reject it.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
| ator from California insist on the amendment?
i Mr. COLE. I find that in the appropriation
i bill for last year the appropriation for this pur-
| pose was §90,000. The book of estimates did
| not show what the appropriation for last year
i was. The appropriation last year was accom-
i panied by this proviso :
" That no moneys shall be paid to thechief justico
j or associate justices of the supreme court of the
I District of Columbia upon any appeal before cither
1 of them from the decision of the Commissioner of
! Patents; and section two of tho act of August 30,
18d2, is hereby repealed."
I think everything specified in this para-
graph is included in the law of last year, just
preceding the appropriation of $90,000; and
