110.8
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
if the chairman of the Committee on Patents
thinks there is any danger of embarrassment
to the office by this redaction I shall not resist
disagreeing to the amendment.'
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line nine hnn'dre'4 and'
thirty-four,' after the word '' sale'' to strike out
" and for femporary'draughtsmen, $60,"006,''
and insert "$30,000so ^'s to make the clause
read:
Ito photolithographing, or otherwise producing
copies t>! drawmjs 'ofeurreii't anil back issues, for
use of the oftie'e and for &ale, 830,000. " 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that
the Committee on Appropriations will not
insist on'that amendment to the Patent Office
appropriations for the reasons already sug
.gested bythe Senator from West Virginia, and
also for the plain reason that these copies will
not be made unless wanted,'and when wanted
they will be paid for by the parties who desire
them for their own use. If you strike out the
temporary draughtsmen you strike down some
that are employed for this purpose, and not
employed all the time. I hope that this
amendment will not be insisted upon by the
Committee on Appropriations.
'l'he VICE PRIiSIUENT. Unless insisted
upon, this amendment will also be regarded as
disagreed to.
Mr. COLE. I should not like to consent
to that-
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. It will be seen that the objects
had in view in this appropriation are provided
for hi part on page 10, preceding; for instance,
for photolithographing, &e., where the appro-
priation is increased above that of last year,
and an appropriation of $97,000 made this
year,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will inform
my friend that it is a very different object.
Mr. COLE. It is somewhat different, I am
aware; but it is to provide for printing and
photolithographing, &c., done under the bill
passed on the llih of January by this Con-
gress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is a
very different, object.
Mr. COLE, i have an amendment to offer
to come in alter line nine hundred and thirty-
five, and perhaps that had better be read before
this oilier question is put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
now proposed by the Senator from California
will be read, coming in at the end of this par-
agraph.
The Chief Cletk read the amendment, which
was to insert alter line nine hundred and thirty -
five ''to be used only for purposes not embraced
in the joint resolution providing for publish-
ing specifications and drawings of the Patent
Oilice, approved January 11, 1871.''
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
objection to that, amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment will be regarded as added to the para-
graph, and the question then will recur upon
striking out ''and for temporary draughts-
men," and reducing the sum appropriated
fiom $50,000 to $30,000.
Mr. W1LLEY. In reference to that amend-
ment the Secretary says:
"If the clause for temporary draughtsmen in line
nine hundred and thirty-four, page 39 of the appro-
pi lation bill, as reported to tile Senate, is to be
stricken out, the number of permanent copyists of
drawings in line nine hundred and nine, page 38,
should be increased by fifteen, the amount expended
for temporary draughtsmen during the first six
lnontns ot the present fiscal year being §7,419. 1
would therefore recommend that the number of copy-
ists of drawings be increased by fifteen."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The "twenty"
copyists in line nine hundred and nine have
bsen increased to "thiity five."
Mr. COLE. I have in my hands a recom-
mendation from the Department, which I am
willing to acquiesce in if it meets the view of
the Senate. In line nine hundred and thirty-
four we proposed to erase all after the word
"sale" and insert "thirty." The original
text provided for $50,000. The amendment
of the Senate committee was $30,000. I have
now a recommendation for $40,000. I think
we can a^ree to that. I wi)! compromise on
that if tfie Senator from Vermont is willing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That will be
satisfactory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as agreed to in that shape.
It is agreed to. The Secretary will report
the next amendment-
Mr. SAWYER. Do I understand that the
amendment offered by the chairman to come
in after the'word " dollars" was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was agreed
to before the conversation in regard to the
amountof $40,000 in the item just passed upon.
The riext amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after line nine hundred
and sevepty-pine, to strike out the following
clause:
Slap of the United States and Territories:
_ For constructing the connected map of the pub-
lic land States and Territories, and procuring an
engraved copper-plate thereof, to be perfected by
adding from year to year the further surveys that
may be made, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
■ The next amendment was under the head
of "Department of Agriculture," ;n line one
thousand, to insert " assistant superintendent
of the seed-room, $1,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. That involves the necessity of
a change in line ten hundred and nine, so as
to read " $75,171."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made. The next amendment reported
will be read.
The next amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for the purchase and
distribution of new and valuable seeds and
plants, in line ten hundred and fifteen, to strike
out "$40,000" and insert " $30,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hardly think
it is worth while to waste any time in reducing
the appropriation at this point. I do not sup-
pose it will be possible to get a vote in favor
of it either in the House or Senate. I believe
that the present Commissioner of Agriculture
is doing faithful service, and is not spending
anything extravagantly ; but I may say that
some of the seeds he has distributed the
past year have been of exceeding value to the
agriculturist. It is probably known to most
of us that his Department is managed with
extreme economy, showing more work for the
amount of money appropriated to his Depart-
ment than any other Department under the
Government can show.
Mr. COLE. We have proposed to insert the
amount that was appropriated last year, and
we thought that would be about enough, inas-
much as a sufficient amount of these valuable
seeds was furnished last year. Probably they
have not increased in value since. The value
of currency has increased, and that will, of
course, afford a little greater quantity of seeds
than were furnished last year. We think
$30,000 is sufficient.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from California that one single
article of oats introduced last year and the
year before, called the Excelsior oats I think,
has been of more vaiue than the entire appro-
priation. I have known of parties who have
raised them, and they were forty-eight pounds
to the bushel instead of the ordinary weight
of thirty-two pounds.
Mr. POMEROY. I am glad to hear the
Senator from Vermont make that statement,
because I have noticed that the seeds sent out
several years ago were often of a very poor
quality, and did not commend themselves very
much to farmers in my section of country; but
for the last two or three years there has been
a very decided improvement. This Commis-
sioner has imported, in addition to the article
that the Senator from Vermont alluded to,
another kind of oats, which I wantto commend,
and that is winter oats. The Senator from
Vermont, perhaps, has not had his attention
called to them; but in. the section of country
from which 1 come the Scotch winter oats,
sowed in the fall when we sow our wheat,
are worth double, to say the least, as we
think—for I am a farmer at home—any of
the oats you can sow in the spring, for two
or three reasons. The first is, that they are
sowed at a season of the year when the farmers
have time to sow, in the fall, at a season of
the year when the ground is in a good state,
easily cultivated. If you delay this crop till
spring, when the corn crop and all the other
crops are pressing upon you, it costs a third
more to put it into the ground. Then finally,
when we come to harvest, the Scotch winter
oats, imported into tlie country latterly, are
worth more even than your Excelsior, as we
think. They are a large oat; they can be
ground ^tid bolted like any other grain; and
that one article is invaluable.
So I might go through the whole list; we
have seven or eight new varieties in the grain-
growing sections of the country where 1 live,
and have got them all from the Agricul-
tural Department in little quantities to begin
with. In no instance that I know of has more
than a peck ever been sent to any one address,
and yet there are farmers now who have their
thousands of bushels of grain husbanded and
saved from these small beginnings.
Then go to the Agricultural Department
itself and look at its grounds. There is a
building in the first place, I was about to say
of magnificence, the cost of which was kept
inside of the appropriation. I believe it is
about the only public building that ever was
erected in Washington inside of the appro-
priation that was first made for it. Then,
iook at their green-house and those grounds 1
They show that wherever you make an appro-
priation for the Agricultural Department you
can go and see where it has been placed. If
now you merely make a small appropriation
to keep up the incidental expenses of the
establishment you accomplish nothing. If you
make the appropriation large enough so that
its effect can be seen outside of and bejond
the mere appropriation for incidental expenses
and clerical force, then you can see the result
achieved.
Now, let me tell the Senator from Califor-
nia that this striking off of $10,000 is taking
$10,000 out ot that appropriation where it is
most needed. It is $10,000 over and above
what is necessary ordinarily for their expenses
to keep up the establishment and to do what
they have been in the habit of doing. This
will add that much more over and above as
clear gain to what would be expended in the
incidental expenses. Now, do not strike out
that $10,000. 1 was going to move to add
$10,000 more; but I will compromise with
the Senator from California and the committee
if they will let it stand as the House put it.
Let us non-concur in their amendment; and
I will neither prolong my remarks nor make
a motion. [To Mr. Cole ] Will you do it?
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator hear me for
a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. It seems from the statement
made by the Senators who have just spoken
that we have the oats; so there is no use of
making an appropriation for the oats again.
We can gain no oats bv any additional appro-
priation, and we have no information that
there is any other variety of oats or any other
grain that would be obtained by this large
appropriation.
1 will add one word further: the next par-
agraph appropriates $5,000, making, together
with this paragraph, $35,000 for objects for
which last year but $30,000 were appropri-
