1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
on tlie contract price to secure the perform-
ance of the contract. The Government had
that percentage in its hands, amounting to
about twenty-five thousand dollars, unpaid to
the contractors, when the contract was de-
clared forfeited by the officers of the Govern-
ment. The Government, out of the $25,000
which it retained as security for the porform-
anee of the contract, paid $10,000 to certain
hands of the contractors, their laborers, and
then sued these sureties to recover back the
$10,000 paid out of the moneys which, by the
contract, would have been payable to the con-
tractors had the work been completed. This
bill relieves the sureties from the payment of
that $10,000 upon several grounds, which are
stated in the report made by the committee of
the House of Representatives, and particularly
because the Government has §15,000 already,
and under the circumstances all the com-
mittees to whom this bill has been referred
think that is ample to indemnify the Govern-
ment for the failure to complete the contract,
and they therefore think it would be very un-
just to make these sureties pay that $10,000,
the Government already having in its hands
$15,000 of theirs, quite sufficient to cover the
amount.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed. Frederick tikcbxt.
Mr. POOL. I appeal to the Senate to con-
sider some bills which have been reported from
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
especially one in favor of Mr. Vincent, which I
desire to have passed this morning. I think
we ought to have the bills reported by that
committee considered. We have not asked
for any time hitherto at this session. There
are three or four bills reported from that com-
mittee which ought to be disposed of. I first
move to take up Senate bill No. 966.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have a resolution of
inquiry which I wish to offer.
The" VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from North Carolina yields, the Chair will
receive it.
Mr. POOL. I prefer to go on with this bill.
I have made so many efforts to obtain the floor
that I must insist now on getting it before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is mi the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. POMEROY. We ought to have time
to offer resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
called for resolutions and called through all
the morning business, which was closed. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 960) for the relief of Frederick Vincent,
administrator of James Le Caze, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to settle and adjust the claim of
Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le
Caze, surviving partner of Le Case & Mallet,
adopting as a basis the sum of $4,890 8.2, the
balance which appeared to be due upon the
books of the Treasury of the United States to
Le Caze & Mallet of the date of the 1st of
July, 1784; that is to say, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized and required to adjust
and settle the balance of the date aforemen-
tioned upon the principles and practice which
would have been adopted and pursued if the
parties entitled thereto had subscribed the
same to the loan authorized by the act of the
4th of August, 1790, entitled "An act making
provisions for the payment of the debt of the
United States." Upon ascertaining the amount
due, the Secretary of the Treasury is to cause it
to be paid to Frederick Vincent, administrator,
with interest therefor, accruing at the rate of
six per cent, per annum, from the year 1844,
when demand was first made for the same,
until paid, deducting therefrom the sum of
$4,890 82 paid under the provisions of the act
of the 31st of January, 1855, chapter two hun-
dred and five.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see that that claim is
hot remarkably young, and I should like to hear
the report of the committee who reported the
bill read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Fowler onthe 3d of June, 1870:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
was referred the petition of Frederick Vincent,
administrator of James lie Caze, surviving partner
of Le Case & Mallet, having had the same under
consideration, report:
It appears that the sum of $4,893 82 was due the
firm of Le Caze & Mallet on tbe 1st day of July,
1781, for advances madeandsupplies furnished to the
United States during the revolutionary war, under
an adjustment by the Superintendent of Finance.
This balance wasduly stated on the books of the Con-
federation, under that date, and was reported to Con-
gress, with a view to provide for its payment. The
Government being then unable to pay tb esedemands.
Congress, on the 3d'of July, 1784, enacted " that an
interest of six per cent, per annum shall be allowed
to ail creditors of the United States for sup plies fur-
nished or services done from the timeithat payment
became due."
In 1790, the Government being still unable to pay
these claims, Congress passed an act (August 4,1790)
authorizing the funding of these debts by a subscrip-
tion to a loan, as therein provided. By act of May
30,1794, these debts being still unsettled. Congress
extended the provisions of the act to 1790, declared
that interest shall be allowed upon alt registered
claims, whether subscribed or not, and these pro-
visions were continued to December 31,1797.
It appears from the papers in this case that Mr.
Mallet died in 1781. and Mr. Le Caze, who survived
him, having large possessions in the island of San
Domingo, went there, and is supposed to have per-
ished in the insurrection of 1789.
This firm had made large advances to tbe Gov-
ernment during the war, and upon the final adjust-
ment of their accounts, on the 1st ot July, 1781, a
balance of $4,890 82 was found in their favor. This
balance was duly registered on the books of the
Treasury Department at thp time. In the year 1794
the account was reexamined, and the same balance
reregistered as due by the Government of the Uni-
ted States. # ,. ,, .
Tbe committee, having indubitable evidence of the
justiceofthisclaim.and being satisfied thatitshould
beliquidated aceordingto theprineiple of the actof
1790, providing for a registered loan, h ive reported a
bill upon the provisions then made. The act of 1790,
after providiug for the registered loan, provides
"that such creditors as may not subscribe shall
nevertheless receive a rate per cent, equal to the
interest payable to subscribing creditors."
The committee have therefore directed a settle-
ment to be made under the positive provisions of
the act of 1790 above referred to, with an allowance
of interest from December, 1814.
On the 31st of January, 1855, Congress passed an
act providing for the payment of the original debt,
but omitting the interest, and the committee, being
satisfied that the claim is justly entitled to interest
under the demand of 18-14, report a bill accordingly,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dislike very much to
oppose this claim, because, as it is a pretty old
one, it has got old enough to be respectable by
this time, and the reverence that is due to age
ought to belong to it; but I find that the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims has omitted
one slight circumstance in the act of 1855,
which is perhaps worthy of attention, and that
is. that after directing the payment to this Mr.
Vincent of the sum.of $4,890 82 as balance
due to him, it has the following proviso:
" Provided, That the same shall be received in full
of all demands against the Government on this
account."
Thereupon this man took that money in full
of all demands, and now comes back here with
a claim forsome old interest that he thinks ought
to have been computed in some way. Why,
Mr. President, it is totally intolerable. As
between private parties everybody knows that
when a claim is once settled any interest that
is not obtained then the party is not entitled to
afterward, either upon legal or moral grounds.
I understand from the Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Ramsey] that this same claim has been
here and has been rejected since the passage of
the act of 1855. Now, the Committee mi Rev-
olutionary Claims propose to reopen it and to
allow some interest that is supposed to have
been due when the man once, in order to get
what he claimed and what there seems to have
been somedoubt about, accepted the sum Con-
gress then allowed in full of all demands.
Mr. FOWLER. It is true that there was a
bili passed granting to Mr. Vincent tbe amount
of money stated, that is, tbe principal, with-
out paying interest, which the Government
had promised to pay according to the princi-
ples adopted in the law of 1790. Mr. Vincent
accepted that sum of money, at the same time
protesting against it under the authority of a
decision of the Court of Claims, which stated
positively that the proviso was not obligatory
upon him. It was only under those circum-
stances that he received the money at all,
because under that decision of the Court of
Claims he was satisfied that he still had a right
to come before Congress and receive the in-
terest upon this sum of money which was cer-
tainly due according to the act of 1790, because
the act of 1790 is positive in regard to this
matter. Now, we are informed, and of course
I believe it to be true, that the Senator from
Minnesota, while a member of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, did reject thisclaim,
but I have understood also that there were
certain facts not presented to him which have
subsequently been presented.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He does not seem to
understand that there were any new facts.
Mr. FOWLER. I understood the statement
was made to other parties.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no'recollection, I
will say to the Senator from Tennessee, of anv
such new facts ever being presented to me. 1
recollect that we investigated the case very
carefully four or five years ago, and it appeared
to the committee that the party was fully paid,
and whatever he received was a full discharge
of the indebtedness.
Mr. FOWLER. That Mr. Vincent is clearly
entitled to the original principal has never
been disputed here or anywhere else, and I
believe every person except the Senator from
Minnesota who has reported upon this claim
has reported that he was entitled to the inter-
est. Now, the fact that he was cut off from
the interest by this proviso in 1855 should not
preclude him from receiving what isjustly
due him, which the Government was bound
to pay him according to an express law on the
subject. By the authority of that law this debt
was paid, and that samel iw provides distinctly
that interest shall be paid, because, according
to that law, it was payable in three several
installments, in 1818, in 1824, and 1832. The
interest from 1784 up to 1790 was made a sep-
arate debt, which was paid in the third install-
ment and adjusted in 1832.
Mr. CHANDLER. _ I served, I think, ten
years on the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and I had occasion to investigate this
very case. It is a pretty old affair. It has been
under investigation a good while, and-I think
it has been reported against often. I certainly
could not vote for it after the investigation I
have made of it. I hope it will not pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be considered as en-
grossed and read the third time, and the ques-
tion put on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
question taken on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill, because if it should ^be
ordered to be read the third time I should wish
to send for the old papers and have it looked
up a little more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
then is on ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read the third lime.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President 
Mr. McCREER Y. Have I a right to proceed
with the regular order of business—reports of
committees? _ ,,
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is the
regular order of business. It h&s been taken
up by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. POOL. By the act of 1<90 this claim-
ant was entitled to the interest. In 1855, I
think it was, there was a bill passed granting
