1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
ated ; and so we have actually added $5,000
to the appropriation of last year.
That is all I have to say. If the Senate
desire to change it, of course we are not tena-
cious, but I think what we have agreed to
appropriate is sufficient. As the Senator from
Kansas asked for a compromise, we offer him
one; we have made it.
Mr. PpMEROY. Do I understand that the
Committee on Appropriations will riot insist
on their amendment?
Mr. COLE. No; I did not say that.
Mr. POMEROY. That is just what I want,
to have vou say.
Mr. COLE. I did not say that.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me tell the Senator
from California that this is one of the greatest
interests of the country; that this agricultural
interest permeates the entire continent, and
we have only one establishment in Washing-
ton that we are supporting at the expense of
the Government. It is an interest of untold
millions; and to put off this agricultural
interest witli an appropriation of $50,000 a
year is doing nothing for it. If we should
neglect the commercial interest of the country,
and the manufacturing interest of the country,
and all the other interests of the country, as
we are neglecting the agricultural interest, we
might as well not have a Government to pro-
tect the interests of the people at all. The
great fact is that the agricultural interest of
lhe country has supported itself, and kept on
its way rejoicing, without the thanks.of Con-
gress hitherto; but now we have, commenced
aiding it. Here it is proposed that the poor
pittance of $30,000, from the untold millions
of wealth added to the country by the agri-
cultural interest, shall be doled o.ut to this
Department. I want to se.e a vote .taken on
that question to-night, even if we thereby
break up the Senate. I want to have a vote
on this.
The VICE PRESIDENT., .Does the Sena-
tor propose to have this amendment reserved?
Mr. POMEROY. ( N,o,. Sir-. I understand
she committee will withdraw this amendment;
if hot, I insist, upon a vote on it.
Mr. SAWYER. I want, to say just one word
before the Senator insists upon having a call
of the Senate upon this Question. He says this
is a poor pittance. That may or may not be.
It is S5,000 more for these two items than was
given la«t year; and tliis bill appropriates for
this Department ten times as much, yes, fifteen
times as much, as we appropriated for the
Bureau of Education lastyear. You will find
spmething like two hundred thousand dollars
in this bill for this very Department.
Mr. POMEROY. But last year you gave
the Bureau of Education all there was left of
the 1'Yeedmeu's Bureau appropriations, some
hundreds of thousands of dollars. , That, how-
ever, is neither here nor there on this ques-
tion. Here is an .interest of untold millions
extending across the entire country, and you
are proposing to give it $80,000 to keep up
an establishment for that sum which would not
keep an ordinary farmer going..
Mr. SAWYlSit. If the Senator has the bill
before him, he will see that there are a great
many other appropriations for this Depart-
ment. , .
Mr. POMEROY. I am talking of what
this Department is Eilloiy^d to distribute among
the farmers. You are,cutting off $10,000 from
that distribution. - Will you withdraw that
amendment?
Mr. COLE.. Oh, no. : ,
Mr. POMEROY. Let-as vote, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on agreeing to the amendment repotted by the
Committeeon Appropriations. The Chair sug-
gests that it be reserved as other .amendments
have been reserved, unless the Senator from
Kansas insists npon a vote on it.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Sen-
ator from California is willing to takethe vote,
and vote in the negative himself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from California will consent to allow
the .question to be determined in the negative.
Mr. COLE. Gentlemen present the alter-
native of breaking up the Senate. That is an
argument, we cannot resist.
Mr. POME ROY. I am not threatening that.
If the committee will consent to withdraw the
amendment we will go on.
Mr. COLE. We shall have to content our-
selves with withdrawing It, I suppose.
Mr. POMEROY. It is withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the amend-
ment is withdrawn it is not before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I overlooked on the preceding
page, page 41, at the end of line nine hundred
and eighty-eight, a little addition that should
have been made. The line should read,
"chemist, $2,500," instead of $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the reported amend-
ments on page 43.
The next ^amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for repairs of buildings,
&c., in lineien hundred and twenty eight, to
insert the words "pipes" after "water."
The amendment was agreed to..
The next amendment was after line ten
hundred and thirty-one, in the appropriations
for the Agricultural Department, to insert
"for paper, twine, and gum for folding-room,
$300."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wqs in line ten hun-
dred and forty-one in the appropriations for in-
cidental and miscellaneous items of Agricul-
tural Department, to strike out "$5,000" and
insert "$2,500."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will not insist upon this amendment. Any
Senator who has been to the Agricultural De-
partment and has seen the different branches
that are carried on there, entomology, chem-
istry, botany, statistics, and the vast amount
of correspondence of that Department through-
out the whole country and abroad, will see that
$5,000 for its contingent expenses is smaller
than the contingent fund of any Department
of the Government. The work cannot be done
for the insignificant sum of $2,500. Therefore
I hope the amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and fifty-one to insert the words •• Page's
or," so as to read :
For Page's or Ruhmkorff's coil aiid other electrical
npparatus for experiments upon giuwing vegetation,
SpngU's mercury pump ami double-acting air pump,
Mr. SAWYER. The object of making that
change is this: the coil is the same thing, but
we have by act of Conyess.declared that Dr.
Page was the inventor of that coil long before
lluhmkorfFs time; and we do not want in our
own statutes to disavow our own scientific
men.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer an amendment to come in at the end
of line ten hundred and sixty-two.
The VICE.PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made, the amendment will be received,
though the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations have not, yet been disposed of.
The amendment was read, being to insert:
For deficiencies arising from unexpended balances
having been covered into the Treasury for the year
ending June 3J, 1870, $3,0J0.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should apol-
ogize for offering this amendment; but the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture is
absent through illness, as is well known to the
Senate, and I see no other member of the
Committee on Agriculture present, and this
amendment is necessary in consequence of
unexpended balances having been covered into
the Treasury to the extent of between five and
six thousand dollars. The expenditures have
been made, and therefore the appropriation
should be made. It is not as much as comes
out, of the appropriations last year, that has
already been covered into the Treasurv, in con-
sequence of the law we passed last year, that
any balances remaining on the 30th of June
should all be covered into the Treasury, By
that provision many of the Departments have
been caught, and among them this one. I
believe 1 wear about as strait a jacket on
economy as anybody ; but in relation to this
Agricultural Department I do feel an unusual
degree of kindness, because I believe that it is
now pseful; and I trust there will be no objec-
tion to this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this amend-
ment proposed with the concurrence of the
Committee on Agriculture?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont- It is, and it
was submitted to the Committee on Appro-
priations in a somewhat different shape. I
have put it in a different form from that ori-
ginally submitted, because I understand the
Committeeon Appropriations are not disposed
usually to make appropriations to rectify any
of these deficiencies in relation to sums that
have been covered into the Treasury. I there-
fore put it into this form, so that it might not
meet with any objection.
Mr. COLE. Before the Senator takes his
seat I should like to ask him if he stated for
what purpose this money is to be used. I did
not understand him to so.state.
Mr. MORRlLL, of Vermont. It is for
deficiencies.
Mr. COLE. Deficiencies for what use?
How is the money to be used V
Mr. MORRILL, of V ermont. In contingen-
cies, $915 01: experimental garden, §845 52;
Department grounds, $1,408 81. There was
covered into the Treasury of the appropria-
tion for compensation of the Commissioner,
$709 54 : for collecting statistics, $105 29 ; fur
investigations on the cattle disease. $2,§84 40;
and for the purchase of seeds, $2,302 42. So
it will be seen that I have not asked for quite
as much as has been covered into the Treasury
for this Department.
Mr. COLE. Now, as I understand, this is
a deficiency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I think it is not proper on this
bill; it ought to be on the deficiency bill. We
are appropriating in this bill money for the
next fiscal year, commencing on the 1st of
July next. I think we have avoided all defi-
ciencies on this bill, and 1 appeal to the Sena-
tor to consider whetherthis amendment would
not be more proper on the deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is the Sen-
ator going to bring forward a deficiency bill?
Mr. COLE. Certainly; there is one already
on our tables, reported in the House, and laid
on our tallies this morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
this, then. I will say, however, to the Sena-
tor from California that this money should be
appropriated at an early day,
Mr. "CQLB. Of course if the deficiency bill
passes, it will have to pass at an early day.
There are but a few more days of the session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 withdraw
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ,Th(?. Secretary
will read the next amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriatipns. ,
The next i}mendmer!t.of the, Cojpmittee on
Appropriations was under,.the head of " Po.st
Office Department," in line ten hundred and
eighty-eight,to strikeout "twelve" and insert
"fourteen" before the words "clerks of,class
four;" to strike out " fifty one" and insert
"fifty eight" before the words "clerksofclass
three;" m line ten hundred and ninety to
strike out "forty-five" before "clerks of
class two" and insert, "forty eight;" to strike
out '-'fifty" before the words " clerks of class
