1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mm $4,890 82, with the proviso referred to by
the Senator from Vermont, that it was to be
in full of all claims. The question then arose
■whether this claimant-should receive that sum
thus appropriated in lieu of all claim that he
hadagaiust the Government under that proviso.
He received the amount, but did so under pro-
test as to the proviso. He was informed that
'the Court of Claims had held that such a pro-
viso did not bind or preclude him from coining
before Congress, as he has done now; and
when he received the amount it was with the
distinct understanding that he intended to pre-
fer this claim just as he is doing at this time.
When the Senator from Minnesota was on the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims this fact
in reference to his protest, 1 suppose, did not
appear. This claim has been reported upon
in the other House, and reported upon here,
time and again, passing first one House and
then the other, but never passing both during
the same Congress.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
whether this claim ever did pass with an inter-
est provision in either House?
Mr. POOL. I understand that before I was
a member of the Senate it did. The Senator
f'-om Tennessee is more conversant with that
matter than mvsell'.
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, it has.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see the
evidence of that.
Mr. POOL. I will state that the committee
were entirely satisfied that under the act of
1790 this claimant was justly entitled to the
amount now claimed, and the only thing that
could be urged against, it was the proviso to
the act refeired to by the Senator from Ver-
mont; but he leceived the sum allowed uuder
that act with a distinct protest, and upon dis-
tinct information that it was not a bar to his
settling up this claim. If the Senate now vote
against this bill, they do it notwithstanding
such protest, notwithstanding the information,
and against the clear, legal, and equitable
rights of this claimant, in my judgment.
Mr. EDM ITNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Noith Carolina if he knows of
an open claim against the Government ever
being allowed with interest? Even if it were
an open question now, and we had the original
claim before us, is it not the practice of the
Government in all open accounts in a claim
of this kind never to allow interest?
Mr. POOL. My experience here, perhaps,
would not authorize or enable me to state par-
ticular instances ; but here was the act of 1790
expressly allowing interest, and all the cases
embraced in that act of 1790 would be an an-
swer to the Senator from Vermont. I am
informed by the Senator from Tennessee that
there are innumerable instances. I am riot
able to name any particular one. The point
is that under that act this claimant was entitled
to the interest by virtue of the act, and is
entitled to it now unless he has forfeited it by
receiving the appropriation in 1855 ; and his
answer to that is such as the Senator from
Tennessee has made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not desire to occupy
time, because I think this claim is now pretty
wellunderstood, but I merely wish to state the
opinion—T have sent for the Globe, but have
it not at this moment—'that this bill when it
was urged in 18£>5 did contain a provision to
allow this very interest that is now claimed,
and both Houses refused to pass it in that form
and struck out the provision for interest, and
told this man. if he had any claim at all, he
must consent to take his principal in full, and
thereupon be did take it under that proviso,
which must have required him to sign a dis-
charge beloie he could get his money, and I
have no doubt there is a discharge in the
Department now.
Mr. RAMSBT. There is ; I saw it.
The ViCK PRESIDENT. A division has
been demanded on ordi-iiug this bill to be
engrossed and read the third time.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 80.
So the bill was rejected.
jackson7, lansing, and saginaw railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 3035) to enable the Jackson, Lan-
sing, and Saginaw Railroad Company to change
the northern terminus of its road from Traverse
bay to the straits of Mackinaw, and for other
purposes. The bill was taken up and read the
other day, and it will occupy no time.
Mr. HILL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate, under very peculiar circumstances,
to introduce 
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot yield my motion.
Mr. HILL. It will take but a moment to
make an explanation.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question "is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill has been once
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had belter be
read for information now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
if any Senator desires it, although it has been
once reported.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. There is an amendment
pending to that bill, offered by the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] which I appeal
to him to withdraw. It is to protect the rights
of settlers ; but there are no settlers at all upon
that portion of the lands affected by the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chief Clerk
will report the pending amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 offered the amendment
to protect the rights of any settlers whose
rights might have accrued since making of that
grant; but I am assured now by the Senators
lrom Michigan and the members of the House
from the district that there are no settlers
Mr! HOWARD. None at all.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not know the fact.
I offered the amendment simply to guard their
rights, if there were any settlers there. If there
are no settlers there I do not want to embar-
rass the bill by sending it back to the House,
and am willing to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I renew it, in order to
see what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert after the word "location," in
the thirteenth line of the second section, the
following words:
But tills shall not bo held or construed to deprive
any iiiiun. jile settlor upon the land herein desig-
nated of any rights they have acquired under the
laws of the ITuited States or of the >5tate at the time
ot the passage of this act.
Mr. HOWARD. Were it not for the fact
that if that amendment is made the bill will
have to go back to the House, I should have
no objection to it at all; but in point of fact
there are no settlers' claims to be affected by
this hill. I made a very careful inquiry, and
have satisfied myself that the claims of settlers
will not be affected at all. The bill grants no
land more than was granted by the original
act of 18-36, and I hope it will pass.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will ask whether this
bill is reported from any committee?
Mr. POMEROY. It is reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, of which the
Senator is a member.
Mr. CASSERLY. I never heard of it there.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill allows the com-
pany to change their route inside of their
grant, but it does not allow them to change j
the gram at all, nor does it increase or dimin-
ish the same. Then, in addition to that, it
allows them to go north from their grant to the
straits ofMackinaw and have the right of way
without any land grant.. We thought in com-
mittee that the rights of the settlers ought to
be protected, and so we proposed an amend-
ment that this should not affect any rights that
settlers might have on any of these lauds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
the Senator from California, 1 should like to
ask the chairman of the committee one other
question before the subject is opened ; and that
is, whether the committee report to us that
this is now a valid, existing, active grant, or
whether it is a lapsed grant; without this bill
I mean ?
Mr. POMEROY. The understanding 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor. Does he
yield to the Senator from Kansas to reply to
the Senator from Vermont?
Mr. CASSERLY. Y'es, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. My understanding is that
this is an old grant revived some years ago,
and that it is still a valid grant; but it would
not have been valid if Congress had not revived
the grant some years ago. It is now a valid
grant. The company propose to change the
line of the road inside of the grant, to make it
shorter and cheaper. Then they propose to
go beyond the terminus, some twenty miles, I
suppose, from their land grant, to the straits
of Mackinaw, where they get nothing but the
right of way.
Mr. CASSERLY. I really think this bill
should be considered by some committee.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill has been report-
ed from the committee. I thmk I am right in
that.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly it was reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state, if the Sen-
ator will allow me, that this bill was considered
by the Committee on Public Lands, and this
amendment was put into the bill at my sugges-
tion so as to protect, the rights of settlers on
these lands ; so that no harm could be worked
to anybody by the passage of the bill. I thmk
there is no objection to the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one question I
should like to ask.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I yield to the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. When this bill was called
up the other day I inquired whether it would
not give the company the land granted by the
old bill, and yet relieve them from building
some twenty or thirty miles of the terminus of
that road, allowing them to diverge northward
to the point of change to Mackinaw, instead
of going westward to Traverse bay. My objec-
tion to this bill was that it gave them lanton
the route to Traverse bay, while itrelieved them
from building the road to Traverse bay, so that
the people who live in the neighborhood of
Traverse bay might have their lands exhausted
to build a road running to a rival town. That
is the whole of it. It seemed to me a pretty
hard case. However, I do not feel disposed
to interfere with the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill has never been
to any committee, according to the Calendar,
and has not been reported by any committee.
Mr. POMEROY. lean inform the Senator
how that was. 'There were two bills precisely
alike, one introduced into the House and one
into the Senate. The bill introduced in the
House passed the House and came here. In
the mean time the Senate Committee mi Pub-
lic Lauds had reported a precisely similar bill,
vyith the exception that we inserted a protec-
tion for the settler. The House did not insert
such a provision in their hill. When this bill
came here lrom the House and was presented
by the Chair I moved to proceed to its con-
sideration, as it was precisely like the bill that
we had reported. While this particular bill has
not been before the committee, a bill precisely
