1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
it shall be his duty to make application to the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia; which court
is hereby authorized and required, upon such appli-
cation, in such mode and undersueh rules and regu-
lations as it may adopt, to make a just and equitable
appraisement of the cash value of the several inter-
ests of each and every owner of the real estate and
improvements thereon necessary, to be taken for the
public use in accordance with the provisions of this
act, and to which the Secretary has been unable to
obtain the title bymutual agreement with the owner
or owners thereof.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the fee-
simple of all premises so appropriated for public
use, of which an appraisement shall have been made
under the order and direction of said court, shall,
upon payment to the owner or owners, respectively,
of the appraised value, or in case the said owner or
owners refuse or neglect for fifteen days after the
appraisement of the cash value of said lands and
improvements by said court to demand the same
from the Secretary of the Interior, upon depositing
the said appraised value in the said court to the
credit of such owner or owners, respectively, be
vested in the United States. And the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized and required to
pay to the several owner or owners, respectively,
the appraised value of the several premises as spe-
cified in the appraisement of said court, or pay into
court by deposit, as hereinbefore provided, the said
appraised values; and the sum necessary for such
purpose is hereby appropriated out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That said court
may direct the time and manner in which possession
of the pioperty condemned shall be taken or de-
livered, and may, if necessary, enforce any order or
issue any process for giving possession. The costs
occasioned by the inquiry and assessment shall be
paid by the United States; and as to other costs
which may arise, they shall be charged or taxed as
the court may direct.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That ho delay in
making an assessment of compensation or in taking
possession shall be occasioned by any doubt which
may arise as to the ownership of the property or any
part thereof, or as to the interests of the respective
owners, but in such cases the court shall require a
deposit of the money allowed as compensation for
the whole property or the part in dispute. In all
cases as soon as the United States shall have paid
the compensation assessed or secured its payment by
a deposit of money under the order of the court,
possession of the property may be taken.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the "Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company and the
Metropolitan llailroad Company be, and they are
hereby, required to remove their tracks, respectively,
from the Capitol grounds, as hereby established, and
to run the same as they may be directed from time
to time by the officer hi charge of the public buildings
and grounds, as the grading and filling up of said
grounds may render necessary.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of $50,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended by the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, under the supervision of the architect of
the Capitol extension, in grading, fillingup, removing
buildings, and improving the public grounds and
streets afound the Capitol as herein enlarged; and
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
sell, at public auction, such materials in the build-
ings in squares Nos. 687 and (5B8 as are not neces-
sary for the public works in this District; and fur-
ther, that the moneys realized by such sales shall
be applied to the improvement and extension of the
Capitol grounds.
Mr. POMEROY. This I understand to be
wliat we agreed to last year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Precisely; and
it is agreed on by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds unanimously.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not feel much inter-
est in it last year, because I had not thought
of it; but I think we ought to pass it.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Vermont. I not only
hope we shall pass it, but stick to it after we
have passed it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senate will
stick, and let the bill fail if we cannot get it.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill will go to a com-
mittee of conference. Last year we put this
on for the sake of seeing it knocked otf. I
hope we shall insist on it now,
Mr. STEWART. We have the unanimous
consent of the Senate to put it on, and to stand
by it notwithstanding the result may be the loss
of the bill.
Mr. COLE. From the very belligerent dis-
position manifested on the part of Senators
present in regard to this amendment. I find
that it will be of no use whatever to resist it.
Mr. STEWART. No; it goes on by unan-
imous consent. . •
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Especially
rs the Senator from California has already
assented to it very cordially in tlie Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. It is understood that that
amendment is passed by unanimous consent,
with the understanding that no Senator shall
object to it and that the Senate shall stand by
it to the end. Under the rule that those who
are absent consent to all that is done, we have
unanimous consent now that there shall be no
more caviling about this question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to propose the following amendment,
of which notice has been given to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It is to come in
as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enaetcd, That, for the
purpose of connecting the grounds already owned
and belonging to the United States in the city of
Washington lor the establishment of a public park,
the officer in charge of public buildings and grounds
is hereby authorized to exercise such control as may
be strictly necessary for this object over the public
reservations herein enumerated, namely: reserva-
tion No. 1, south of the President's House; reserva-
tion No. 3, whereon stands the Washington monu-
ment; reservation No. 2, including the grounds oc-
cupied by the AgriculturalDepartment and around
the Smithsonian Institution; Armory Square, upon
which is located the armory building; the grounds
bounded by Missouri and Maine avenues, between
Third and Sixth streets; and the Botanical Garden
and Capitol grounds; and he is hereby authorized
to offer premiums, not exceeding in all the sum of
$1,000, for the best plans for laying outand improv-
ing said park, to be submitted to the decision of acom-
mittee of three suitable persons to be appointed by
the Vice President of the United States and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the
Commissioner may adopt, with the approval of the
Presidentof the United States, any plan or combina-
tion of parts of the plans thus submitted which, at the
leas t expense shall appear to offer the greatest advan-
tages: Provided, Thattheproceedsoft'hesaleof such
lots belonging to the United States as may not be
needed for public purposes, not exceeding ten in num-
ber. to be selected with the approval of theCommit-
ees on Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate
and House of Representatives, shall be applied to the
improvement and laying out of said park: And pro-
vided also. That that portion of Judieiary square
laying north of E street, the streets leading toward
it having been first properly extended, shall be sold
by the officer in charge of public buildings and
grounds, in suitable building lots, at public or pri-
vate sale, a mimimum rate at which such sale shall
be authorized to be previously fixed by the Secretary
of the Interior, and the funds arising therefrom shall
be paid into the Treasury of the United States, as a
special fund to be set apart for defraying the eost of
opening roadways and walks, bridging streets, and
other work attending the improvement of the public
park; and that the officer aforesaid is hereby author-
ized to borrow and receive from the Treasury of the
United States, to be used for the purposes herein in-
dicated, and no other, any sum or sums not exceed-
ing £100,OW), out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, and which shall be refunded
and paid to the Treasury of the United States outof
any funds hereafter realized from the sale of the lots
or squares of land hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. STEWART. 1 should like a little ex-
planation of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 will give
any brief explanation that is necessary to-night.
To-morrow I will make a full explanation, when
the Senate is fuller, showing that it is prac-
ticable and economical and a very desirable
thing to do. It is connecting all the grounds
around the Capitol, to begin with; then the
Botanic Garden ; then the grounds aronnd the
Smithsonian Institution and those about the
Agricultural Department; those occupied by
the Washington Monument, and those on the
south front of the President's House. Of the
lots that are proposed to be sold there are
about twenty in number owned by the United
States in the city, part of which may at some
time be desirable for public parks, and part
of them not.
We do not propose to take any that will
ever be wanted for public squares or that will
be needed for public buildings, but merely to
sell such as we have ou hand. Of Judiciary
square, now occupied by the City Hall and
the jail, we merely propose to take about
two thirds on the north and dispose of it for
building lots. It has been kept as it is for
! Go
nany years under the expectation that the
Government would need it to put on it some
jl buildings lor some Department of the Govern-
ment. That having been determined other-
wise, that is to say it having been determined
to occupy the square west of the President's
House for that purpose, Judiciary square will
no longer be required for any public building
of the Government, and therefore should be
sold; and it will net a very large amount,
probably not less than $500,000. I ask merely
that this shall be voted on to-night, and to-
morrow I will give a fuller explanation of the
whole subject.
Mr. COLE. I approve of the object of this
measure, and would be very glad to support it
as a separate and independent proposition, or
possibly upon some other appropriation bill;
but it seems to me that the Senator from Ver-
mont does not consult the best interests of his
own committee by moving two such monster
measures upon this one bill. It may result in
defeating both. The one that has already been
attached to the bill seems to be somewhat kin
dred to it. It makes an appropriation of
§500,000. This does not make any appropri-
ation, or at most it only authorizes the bor-
rowing of some money temporarily from the
Treasury, and hardly has a proper place on
this bill. I hope the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds will
not insist on patting it on here, but will let it
come in as an independent proposition. I
must protest against its being attached to
this appropriation bill. I hardly think it is
proper.
Mr. POMEROY. It will strengthen the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will inform
my friend from California that I have not re-
ported this amendment out of any vain purpose
of having it defeated. My intention is to carry
it through, and therefore I desire to attach it
to something that will go through ; and I have
yet to hear the first Senator on this floor who
objects to the plan.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this will aid the
other appropriations. The other, which the
Senator from California and the Senate did
agree to so unanimously, is something of a
weight to carry ; but here is a project to reim-
burse the Treasury. This project, I think, will
help carry the other and the whole bill.
Mr. COLE. I do not see much strength in
it, I am sure, as attached to this bill. Ithink
this bill will be very apt to go through without
any such support as that, inasmuch as the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropri-
ations are embodied in this, and I believe such
a bill never did fail. It does not, therefore,
probably need the aid of any such extraneous
measure as this.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggestto the Senatorfrom
Vermont, if this measure is so strong as to
secure any bill on which it may be placed,
that he retain it and put it on the postal code
bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the question
on the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I did not follow the read-
ing of the bill very closely, but I should like
to ask the Senator from California whether it
contains provisions for the public surveys?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In accordance
with the understanding this afternoon this bill
will be laid aside, the sections having been
reached which involve questions to be decided
by a full Senate, and the Indian appropriation
bill will be taken up, which is also to remain
in committee, as this bill is to remain in com-
mittee, for further amendment.
Mr COLE. I will suggest an amendment
or two which are merely pro forma, that may
be acted upon before the bill is laid aside. I
suppose there will be no objection to the
amendment in lines twelve, hundred and
ninety-nine and thirteen hundred, inasmuch
as it is to correct the phraseology of an appro-
