1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
this indeed, sir, since the returns from West
Virginia and Missouri, I can have no doubt.
I trust fiulher, sir, that this thought is also
paramount in the minds of a majority of the
Republican members of this House ; for after
what has been accomplished by the Republican
party during the nine years it has had the con-
trol of the Government, it is manifest to my
mind that the granting of universal amnesty
to the leaders of the southern rebellion would
be one of the greatest acts in their history as
a party. In my judgmentnothingwould accom-
plish more toward securing not only prosperity,
but that peace throughout the South which is
the basis of all real progress, a3 this conclu-
sion. Jf accomplished by the Republicans it
will be, because without arms or blood-shed-
ding, a glorious triumph.
It is insisted that this question is unneces-
sarily agitated at this time. Why, sir, this sen-
timent, which touches the heart of the Ameri-
can people, will continue to agitate the public
mind and will continue the discussion of this
question here in these Halls and elsewhere in
the country until these burdens are uplifted
and until these disabilities are wholly removed.
As a people we cannot consent that the appear-
ance of injustice shall be shown to any individ-
ual. Mr. Greeley so understood it in the begin-
ning. The time is not far distant when the
chiefest of the rebels will be by the Repub-
licans themselves, if they continue in power,
relieved from all disabilities. If the leaders
do not now see fit to- accomplish this result
by law, the people, who are in sympathy with
every individual who suffers the appearance
of wrong or injustice, will by their votes com-
pel it to be done.
I say, therefore, Air, Speaker, this is not a
useless or a needless agitation. It is not one
which can be quieted by any argument in these
Halls, or elsewhere in the country. It then
becomes us to consider it with all earnestness,
to give it due attention at this time, and to
determine whether this is not the time and occa-
sion to vote for the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] I
say all, with a few exceptions, mast desire it.
Although the President has not mado partic-
ular mention of this great subject in his annual
message, yet who will say that be is opposed
to amnesty? Is he less philanthropic than he
was at Appomattox? Will he be less generous
as President than he was as General-in-Chief?
Because he is now in the White House will he
have less consideration for the people of the
South, who are now in a condition to do no
harm, with their hands tied, without the imple-
ments of warfare? It seems to me it cannot
be but the President is ready and willing to
cat-t, the whole weight of his influence in behalf
of this great measure.
Is the Republican party opposed to am-
nesty? I must certainly believe not. from the
demonstrations upon this floor. Some have
been discouraged by votes taken recently; but
I apprehend it was only to gain time, and not
for the purpose of overthrowing a cause mani-
festing so much benevolence, so much magna-
nimity as this does. 1 trust, sir, it was for
the purpose of marshaling those forces neces-
sary at all times to secure a victory glorious
and triumphant.
Every sentiment, Jlr. Speaker, of philan-
thropy as well as of Christianity prompts us
to pass this measure. I am sure if we con-
sult not a spirit of bitterness and of hate, if we
are prompted by those affections which be-
come us in peace and prosperity, you and I
and all will say this measure should become
the law.
But it is gravely insisted on this floor that
wrongs and outrages have been committed
throughout the South. Now, Mr. Speaker, if
this lie true, if loyal men have been assailed
and deprived of their rights, if the.v are op-
pressed in their homes and many of them mur-
dered, who, let me inquire, committed these
wrongs and outrages? Are they the individ-
uals proposed to be relieved by the substitute
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Air. Fakxs-
worth ?] Has it been made apparent to your
mind, sir, that a single member of Congress
in 1860 or 1861, that a single individual who
enjoyed the benefits of an education at West
Point or Annapolis and afterward took the
oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States—I say has it been made appar-
ent to this House or the country that any of
those men have been guilty of the wrongs and
outrages which it is alleged have been perpe-
trated in the South ?
Now, if I understand the argument of gentle-
men who oppose universal amnesty, they do so
only because of these wrongs and outrages.
Let me ask them, therefore, in all sincerity,
whether or not these outrages have been com-
mitted by any of the men whom we propose to
relieve? Did General Lee, in hi3 lifetime,
after his surrender at Appomattox, commit any
wrong against any individual? Has Long-
street, has Beauregard, has Johnston, has
Smith done so? If none of these gentlemen,
have any others who had taken the oath to
support the Constitution and afterward drew
their swords m the attempt to dissolve the
Union ?
Now, if these men are not engaged in revolt,
if these men have not lifted up the hand of
rebellion again and again, if they do not coun-
tenance and encourage these wrongs and out-
rages alleged to have been committed through-
out the South, why do we hear these arguments
against their enjoying the benefits of this meas-
ure? Why can we not vote for the substitute
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fabsswohth?] If it is apparent that these
men are still resisting the law, that their hearts
are still rebellious, that they still secretly en-
courage the Ivuklux e.ud the'Camelms, then,
indeed, these arguments have force in my mind.
Rut, as I understand it, none of the men who
were either in Congress or educated at the
Military or Naval Academy are now engaged
in those midnight assassinations and in this
wholesale destruction of life and property
throughout the South of which we are told,
nor do they encourage it. For aught we know,
the persons engaged in this unlawful, high-
handed, and most wicked business are ail of
very inferior character. Their names are not
presented to us. Their position in society is
not made known. But we are only treated to
the general declaration of wrong, of suffering,
of devastation, of arson.
Now, in all probability these gentlemen will
vote for that particular bill which will set at
liberty, which will admit to office the very men
who are thus committing outrages, according
to their own declarations. Well, Air. Speaker,
if I understand this question properly, if it be
true that those men, formerly enjoying exalted
positions under the Federal Government, hav-
ing taken oaths to support the Constitution of
the United States, are not engaged in revolt
and do not secretly encourage it. then the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] has
fully conceived the true spirit of this measure;
and' every other position taken bv the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Air. Butler] and
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixuha.m,]
as well as the gentleman from Kentucky, [Air.
Beck.] comesshoit of accomplishing that which
is so desirable to be done. I say desirable,
because I take it for granted that all who love
the peace of their country are anxious, as far
as it can bo done by the forms of law. to have
all traces of the rebellion removed. When the
law has done its work, innumerable most sad
and heart-rending events will throng the mem-
ory b ill. Oar favorable action on this ques-
tion vill not lot-.-ien tbe crime of rebellion; it
wil&iot render h:; pwtect the work of recon-
struction ; nor will it give any the less force to
whatever public virtue may exist in the South
at this lime.
Now, I appeal to the members from the
South upon this floor for the trath of what I
have suggested. They know who these men
are who are committing wrongs and outrages.
They know whether such men as Lee. Beau-
regard, and Johnston, and other chiefs of the
late rebellion, are going from one portion of the
southern States to the other inciting men to
deeds of hostility, inciting men to violations
of law and to the formation of Kuklux Klans
for the purpose of committing depredations.
I understand from what I have been enabled
to learn, and my inquiries have been careful,
that these men are not those who perpetrate
these wrongs; and if so, I cannot but say again
that the true spirit of amnesty has been con-
ceived by the gentleman from Illinois, [Air.
FabnswohtH;] and that the measure he has
proposed is the one which will be held by the
country as accomplishing the thing most desir-
able to be done.
Therefore, I say, let us cast the responsi-
bility of this measure upon the people of the
South. Here we have men of intelligence
from Alabama, from Louisiana, from Texas,
from Missouri, intelligent men, who are urging
the passage of a bill favoring universal amnesty.
They tell us that they made this issue prom-
inent in their recent canvasses by inserting it
in their party platforms. This we have heard
from Republicans from the South. They believe
that it will accomplish great good: hence I
am willing to cast the responsibility upon the
people of the South. Remove the disabilities,
and none will ever have any cause of complaint;
none can say that we are hostile to them. Who
knows but this bitterness, this hostility, and this
hate which are spoken of as existing in the
southern States may be prompted in the minds
of the people by the belief that there is a like
degree of bitterness, hostility, and hate in the
minds of t'nepeople of theNorih? Indeed, they
allege that we are not willing to trust and con-
fide in them. Now, let us give them to under-
stand that we not only welcome them into the
Federal Union, butthatwe trust them. Let us
show to them'that, notwithstanding the blood
which has been shed and the treasure expended
in consequence of their rebellion, we are willing
to place them on an equality with their former
slaves before the law. In the very nature of
things this must bring them to a better frame of
mind. No principle in human action brings a
falien foe to your feet so soon as generosity.
This sentiment, I apprehend, prompts all who
favor amnesty in the most limited sense. Hence,
I maintain that we cannot go astray in favoring
amnesty without limitation. The sentiment
that governs is without limitation : it operates
on the minds and hearts of all men alike.
"Let us have peace.''
The men who are under disabilities can ac-
complish nothing by continued resistance ; all
opposition to the Government is utterly hope-
less and vain. None will deny that this per-
sistent course which it is alleged they con-
tinue in will work for them only ruin ; that, it
will only postpone the day of peace and pros-
perity. If it be, then, that tbev are hostile be-
cause they are dissatisfied, that they continue
to create disturbances because they arc not
contented with the relation they sustain to the
Government.then, I say, let usremoveall cause
of discontent, let us show to them that in our
minds there is no longer any spirit of hostility
or distrust. Who knows but the time may soon
come when all of us will wish that this measure
I think so desirable were an accomplished
fact? In the commotions that are now shaking
the political world to its center the time may
soon be upon us when we will need all that
internal peace and quiet which is necessary
for our own security and protection from for-
eign foes. It will then be far better for us
that there are no enemies in our own land ; it
will be far better for us, indeed, to have every
individual desiring not only the peace and
prosperity of the Republic, but that its arms,
wherever they may be carried, shall prove
triumphant.
The public mind clearly is drifting in favor
