1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ture without a division, and I believe it is the
umiversal wish of the bar and people of the
State of Ohio that the bill should pass. _ I
have no disposition to discuss it. I am willing
it may be put to a vote without a word farther
than I have now said. I hope the Senate will
agree to take it up and take the vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Post Office appropriation
bill and all other orders be postponed, for the
purpose of considering the House bill divid-
ing the State of Ohio into three judicial dis-
tricts.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 82.
COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN OUTRAGES.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to a publication in the New York
Tribune of Thursday last. I think it is a priv-
ileged question. I rise to have a paragraph
from that paper read.
The VICE PPvESIDENT. It has always
been held that it required the consent of the
Senate to enable a Seuator to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. BLAIR. I will put it in that shape.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri desires consent to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. EDMONDS. How long will it take?
Mr. BLAIR. I shall take but a very short
time after the reading of the paragraph which
I desire to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, anil the paragraph will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following para-
graph from the New York Tribune of Febru-
ary 23.
"A conference of Itepubiican Senators was held
this morning for the purpose of consulting on meas-
ures necessary to protect the lives and property of
loyal citnens against the outrages of tbeKukluxand
other organised rebel movements. Senator Scott,
chairman of tho special investigating comunttoe,
marie some statements in relation to the results of
tho inquiry into affairs in Nori,h Carolina. Much-
of the testimony to which he referred was of a start-
ling character, bearing, as it did. on the nature, ex-
tent, nml evident designs of the Kuklux organization
in t hat State. lie said that it was .shown that, there
were about forty thousand men in tho rebel "Klan,'
or regularly organized and acting under tho direc-
tion of somo contral authority unknown to any but
tho officers of tho local 'Klan.' It was in evidenoo
tiia.t similar organizations existed in nearly every
pouthem State, though the investigation had not
been carried far enough to warrant indefinite judg-
ment as to their number, &e. In North Carolina
there was no doubt that they designed to obtain con-
trol of tho Stato at all hazards and by every possible
means. Xhe discussion was quite general, and Sen-
ators expressed a common opinion that some strong
measures were necessary to prevent more serious
mischief*, as well as to insuro t he safety of tho loyal
people. Genoral Butler's bill was criticised as being
inadequate for tho put pose designed, 'i'ho conference
adjourned tomeetagam and consider tho legislation
tlia t should bo adopted. It is thought that an effort
will be made to pass some bill before the Forty-First
Congress closes, but at any rate this will bo one of
tho earliest measures to be brought forward iu tho
next Congress."
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to this matter
going further. This is not personal to the
Senator from Missouri; it is nothing referring
to the Senator.
Mr. BLAIR. I trust the Senator from Ohio
will indulge me a moment. I desire to call
the attention of the chairman of the committee
to investigate alleged outrages in the South to
this matter, in the presence of the Senate.
There are statements here in regard to the evi-
dence before the committee, of which I am a
member, and proceedings of which were in-
tended to be kept secret; and I think it is a
violation of the privileges of the Senate that
they should be stated even in a Republican
caucus for the purpose of procuring hostile
legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If allthe reports or tele-
grams sent off by newspaper men in regard to
the proceedings of our committee were read as
privileged questions we should have to sus-
pend ail other business. 1 see no point that
is proper to be brought before the Senate. I
insist on the objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
before the Senate is the Post Office appropria-
tion bill; and objection being made, the Sen-
ator from Missouri can only reach the matter he
proposes to speak on by postponing the Post
Office appropriation bill for the purpose of
considering that subject.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope I may be permitted to
say before the objection is interposed 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Missouri is not entitled to proceed the
Senator from Pennsylvania cannot.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wish to be permitted
to say that I have no objection to the Senator
from Missouri bringing this subject before the
Senate, but I would desire to reply to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless a motion
is made to postpone the appropriation bill for
the purpose of bringing this question before
the Senate, discussion of it is not in order.
Mr. BLAIR. T make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Missouri moves to postpone the Post Office
appropriation bill for the purpose of bringing
to the attention of the Senate the matter dis-
closed by the paragraph which has been read.
The motion was not agreed to.
NAVAL RANK.
Mr. CRAGIN. I rise to make a very brief
personal explanation and to makearequest of
the Senate 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it a personal explan-
ation ?
Mr. CRAGIN. It certainly is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire asks consent to make
a personal explanation. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. CRAGIN. In Saturday's New York
Tribune I find the following paragraph:
"Does Senator Ckagin purpose making any effort
to call up the bill regulating rank in the Navy?" 
Mr. WILSON. I do not think that is a per-
sonal explanation, and I think we ought not
to have our time occupied with such matters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects, and the Senator
from New Hampshire must make the usual
motion if he desires to bring it to theattention
of the Senate. A bill being before the Senate,
it cannot be set aside except by unanimous
consent or on motion.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I move that the Post
Office appropriation bill and all other pending
orders be postponed for the purpose of taking
up House bill No. 1832, which is a bill to
regulate rank in theNivy of the United States
and for other purposes; andon thatmotion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New Hampshire moves to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of considering the bill
regulating rank in the Navy.
Mr. CRAGIN. On that motion I desire to
make my statement. As I was saying, the
New York Tribune of Saturday last has this
paragraph:
" Does Senator Ckagin purposo making any effort
to call up the bill regulating rank in the Navy ? Tho
House has done its part toward abating the long-
standing scandal of the service, and it is now reported
that tho Senate Committee on Naval Affairs intends
to smother the bill."
Mr. President, I do not complain particu-
larly of this article, but this is only a specimen
article of many in various newspapers, and I
rise to call attention to the fact that I have
twice asked the Senate for a day to consider
business from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which has been refused ; and since that time,
firtding that the Committee on Military Affairs,
and the Committee on Territories, and the
Committee on Foreign Relations, who had
days assigned them, were unable to get their
business considered on those days, being
crowded aside by the appropriation bills, 1
have not made any further effort to get a day
for this bill. And I appeal to the members
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, each one
of them, to bear me testimony that we earn-
estly desired the Senate to consider this bill,
and if the Senate shall refuse to adopt the
motion which I have now made, I wish to give
notice that I shall move the provisions of the
bill, as amended by the Senate Committee on
Naval Affairs, as an amendment to the naval
appropriation bill. I am well aware of the
efforts which are being made in this direction.
I wish to say that my sympathies have been,
from the beginning, strongly with the staff
officers of the Navy 
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from New Hampshire that
debate on the merits of the bill proposed to be
considered is prohibited by the eleventh rule.
The Chair thinks what the Senator is now say-
ing involves the merits of the proposed bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will only add that I do
not approve of the many scandalous articles
which they have written and procured to be
published.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the Senate
will be saved from a great deal of trouble and
Senators from much personal inconvenience
if they will only adopt the suggestion which I
rise now to make, and that is that they do not
read the New York Tribune at all. [Laugh-
ter.] If they will not read it they will know
nothing about these things. [Laughter.] I
think its reputation is sufficiently well estab-
lished already for truthfulness, or rather un-
truthfulness; and I make this suggestion now
to the Senate, not to read the Tribune.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will withdraw the motion
I have made if the Senate will unanimously
agree to give me one hour this evening to act
upon this bill. ["No!" "Nol"] Then I
give notice that I will move it on the naval
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, to postpone the Post Office appropriation
bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. I withdraw the motion.
SEA ISLANDS, SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to postpone the
pending and all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up Senate bill No. 1131, providing
for the sale of certain lots and lands in South
Carolina belonging to the United States, and
I wish to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question to the Senate. The Senator
from South Carolina moves to postpone the
present and all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up Senate bill No. 1131, providing
for the sale of certain lots and lands in South
Carolina belonging to the United States, and
for other purposes. The merits of that bill
cannot be debated on a motion to proceed to
its consideration.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not propose to discuss
the merits of the bill. I only wish to say that
this is a subject which has been pressed upon
the attention of Congress from the first day I
came into this body; that I never haye been
able to secure a hearing upon it for above half
an hour, though the bills have been reported
here by two committees of this body, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands and the Committee
on the Judiciary. The bill reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary has been carefully
prepared, and it is believed will close up this
business.
The population of the part of the country
which this bill affects is in great anxiety, and
has been for the last two years, in reference to
the title to the lands which have been sold to
them by the United States. Some of our best
citizens are leaving that section of the coun-
try, and leaving the State, simply because the
United States does -not fulfill its obligations to
them to make their titles what they believed
they were purchasing when they paid their
money. '
