1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
and as regards rape the instances are very
rare. By the laws everywhere, at least where
ever the common law prevails, I presume that
murder in the first degree is punishable with
death. There may be some exceptions in some
of the States, but if there are I am not aware
of it.
Now, sir, my colleague [Mr. Porter] seems
to think that white loyal men are not safe in
Virginia. I beg ieave most, respectfully to
differ in opinion with my colleague.
Mr. McKENZIE. They are not thought to
be respectable, however.
Air. BOOKER. That may be the case in
some localities; because, although I have been
all over the State of Virginia, I cannot say I
am acquainted in every community and know
the sentiment of everybody in every part of
the State. But I do know that where I reside
and wherever I go I have never yet seen any
man assaulted ou account of his political opin-
ions or on account of his having been a Union
man. And I can say to my colleague on my
left, [Mr. McKexzie,] though he, perhaps,
may think differently, there is no man in the
State of Virginia who has more warm personal
inends than he has. The people of our State
regard him as a high minded, honorable man,
al>Hough he is known all over the country as
having been a Union man during the war.
Now. sir, I beg the pardon of my colleague
[Mr. Poiitjjii] tor alluding to a little matter
with which we all are familiar, and to which
he was a party, which happened in the city of
Richmond. There was a dastardly outrage
committed upon him by a man on the street,
and I fay. sir, that the citizens of Richmond,
without distinction of party, all of the men
who are leaders of public opinion in that city,
denounced it as a dastardly outrage ; and had
the party been arraigned and tried in the city
of Richmond, I am satisfied he would have
met with exemplary punishment at, the hands
of the authorities of the State of Virginia.
I have yet to know, Mr. Speaker, the first
instance in my State in which a colored man
lias been tried and convicted wrongfully: that
is, 1 mean to say. where the evidence did not
m the opinion of the judge warrant, the jury in
finding him guilty. And it has been the rale
uati 1 very recent ly in all criminal trials, when
a colored man was the party accused, for the
judge to ask every man who had been sum-
moned whether or not he could give the pris-
oner at the bar as fair a trial as if he were a
white man. And if any man after that has sat
on the jury, in the case of a black man. who had
prejudices against him on account of his color
or previous condition, that man committed a
willful and deliberate perjury.
My colleague [Mr. Porter] has referred to
an election which took place recently in the
city of Richmond. I know nothing about the j
fails in the case. He says that some four hun- |
drcd legal voters who were disqualified were j
not permitted to cast, their votes. I do not i
know anything about the facts in that case; J
bill, iff am not mistaken, according to the re- ;
cent election law of the State the judges of t
eiection are not permitted to carry the election j
over more than one day. 1' ormerly under the ;
taw of Virginia, where there were any number I
of voters at the poll afier sundown who wished
to vote, the polls were keptopen until the next
day in older that ail might have a iair oppor-
tunity to vote. Well, tir. all i can say in refer-
ence to the ail eg ;.t ion of my colleague, in addi-
tion to what I have said, is that if any- men or
ret of men have been deprived of office by such
proceeding a,s tii.it. all they have to do is to
\nd 1 think there would
contest the i lecth
he 'iood ground, it' thaf
iesl. lor selling
hp; a new one.
Xow". mv col
as.ue tn
act were mano mam-
1 election and order-
ly has alfndod to the pre-
judice wh.eh he thinks exists in Virginia in
regai d to men who are members of the Repub-
lican party. Sir, in regard to that I wish to
call the attention of this House to the fact that
the convention which framed the present con-
stitution of the State of Virginia imposed dis-
franchisement in regard to the holding of State
offices on the great mass of the people, for it
required every man to take what is known
among us as "the iron-clad oath" before he
could be a voter or hold any office under the
authority of the State, or before he could be
entitled to serve on a jury.
Not only did the constitution framed by
that convention impose that disability, but it
contained another provision which practically
made those disabilities perpetual, for it author-
ized the Legislature to remove political dis-
abilities only by a three-fifthsvote, and required
the Legislature to act separately on each case.
Had that constitution been adopted in the
form in which it came from the convention
the Legislature might have remained in per-
petual session, and then not have been able to
remove the disabilities from all the people of
Virginia.
So objectionable was that constitution in
that respect, that General Schofield, then com-
manding the department of Virginia, would
not permit it to be submitted to the people
for ratification. Afterward Congress, I believe
without any opposition being made, at least
without any serious opposition in either House,
passed an act authorizing the people of Vir-
ginia to vote separately upon the disfranchis-
ing clauses of their new constitution. And by
an almost unanimous vote—-I do not now re-
member the exact figures—the people rejected
those clauses of the proposed constitution
which imposed these disabilities and disfran-
chised so many of the citizens of Virginia.
During the canvass before that election,
while the question was before the people of
accepting that constitution without any amend-
ment, without even any hope being held out
to them, such as is now held out by a vote of
two thirds of this House and of the other
branch of the national Legislature, public pre-
judice ran high; excitement, and. I am sorry
to say, personal ill-feeling were engendered
against those members of the convention whom
the people regarded as the leading men in hav-
ing this enfranchisement imposed upon them.
Apart from that, I am satisfied there is no
prejudice in the minds of any of the intelli-
gent, well-informed citizens of Virginia against
any man merely because he is a member of
the Republican party.
Mr. McKENZIE. Let me say to my col-
league [Mr. Booker] that he certainly must
live in a very benighted part of the State of
Virginia, where the sources of information are
very limited, if he can say that men are not
thought evil of for belonging to the Republican
party. Sir, I know the gentleman's statement
is not correct, and he would know it, too. were
he better informed. I know that I have always
by my acts endeavored to show the kindly
feelings I entertain toward all the people of
Virginia, without distinction of party, and yet
I have been denounced by the newspapers of
my district and other parts of Virginia merely
because I was a member of the Republican
party, and the gentleman knows it. Why.
then, does he make such a statement as that
to this House?
Mr. BOOKER. I am sorry to differ with
my respected colleague [Mr. McKexzie] so
much and so radically on this question.
Mr. McKENZIE. I am not a Radical.
[Laughter.] But I do not want the gentle-
man to make a statement which I know the
facts will not bear out. I have tried to live
so as to be respected, but I know that 1 have
been denounced because I am a Republican,
and that, too, by the very men whom I tried
to set relieved from their disabilities.
Mr. BOOKER. My colleague misunder-
stands me. 1 did not call him a Radical.
Mr. McKENZIE. No, sir; I am not a
Radical; I am a Republican. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOOKER. I wish my colleague to
understand that I did not use that language
in a party sense. I said that I differed from
him radically on this subject, and was sorry for
it. I admit that there are a few soreheaded
politicians in Virginia.
Mr. McKENZIE. Yes, and a great many
of them.
Mr. BOOKER. Ihere are men there who
are perhaps impracticable, who are opposed to
reconstruction, who maybe dissatisfied, and all
that. But when I speak for the people of Vir-
ginia I wish to be understood as speaking for
the great mass of her people, of her citizens.
I do not mean politicians, newspaper editors.
I did not see during the canvass any paper
published in my colleague's district, I never
heard of his being denouncedby any newspapers
of Virginia, except so far as his political rela-
tions may have been denounced. We all know,
sir, that, unfortunately for the country, news-
paper editors in political canvasses use words
and phrases which are frequently out of place.
Perhaps both parties are guilty in this respect;
I cannot say that one is worse than the other.
This way of carrying on a canvass I dislike
very much.
Mr. McKENZIE.
me to say a word ?
Mr. b(Joker, i
for five minutes.
Mr. McKENZIE.
Will my colleague allow
yield to the gentleman
i> !!
My colleague lives in a
corner of the State where there are few or no
newspapers, while there are twenty in my dis-
trict ; and of those twenty eighteen opposed
my election, and one of the remaining two sup-
ported me but feebly. In my colleague's dis-
trict there are not perhaps more than one or two
newspapers, for I know that he lives in a very
benighted part of the State. If he thinks that
Republicans are respected anywhere in Vir-
ginia he is greatly mistaken. Does he not know
that nobody who is a Republican is thought
well of in Virginia ? If he does not know that
he knows very little ; he is behind the age; he
is just out of the ark. [Laughter.] None think
well of the Republicans in that State except
the Republicans themselves. We have had
ocular demonstration of that fact ever since the
24th day of May, 1861. It is a very much easier
matter for a man to be a Republican in the
North than in the South. To be a trimmer or
a trickster is easy, but to be a true man is a
very difficult thing.
Mr. BOOKER. I am very sorry that my
colleague and I differ so widely in opinion—I
will not say ''radically," for fear he will again
misunderstand my application of the term; but
1 can assure him that while, perhaps, I live in
a rather benighted region of country, I live in
a county where there was a majority of Union
men during the war. My colleague has cer-
tainly forgotten the manner in which he was
elected to this House. I would have been glad
if he had told the House and the country by
whose votes he holds his present seat.
Mr. McKENZIE. Will my colleague be
kind enough to allow me to tell him?
Mr. BOOKER. I have no more time to
Mr. PORTER. I hope that the time of my
colleague [Mr. Booked] will be extended by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER pro te.apore. Does the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Booker] yield
to his colleague, [Mr. McKexzik?]
Sir. BOOKER. I will gladly do so if the
House will add to my .hour as much time as
he may oecnnv.
Mr. PORTER. When my coilesgue'slioiir
has expired. I will move that he be allowed ten
minutes additional.
Mr. BOOKER. With that understanding
I vield to mv colleague.
Mr. McIvENZI E. The gentleman wants to
know how I was elected to this House. Why,
sir, thev took me up as a choice of evils.
[Laughter. ] They knew I was a Republican ;
