1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from South Carolina that
he regards this as debate on the merits of the
bill. He is stating what the bill proposes to
prevent, the exodus of certain persons from
South Carolina by legislation.
Mr. SAWYER. X will endeavor to avoid
that, and not to trouble the patience of the
Senate longer, I say this bill is a bill that ought
to be passed if it is a good bill. If it is not,
the Congress of the United States ought to
devise some good bill to effect the object which
this bill intended to effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina.
The motion was not agreed to.
committee on southern outrages.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration, giving notice that he
would seek to call it up to-morrow:
Resolved, That the select committee to investigate
alleged outrages in the southern States be, and the
same is hereby, continued with full authority to
prosecute their investigations during the first ses-
sion of the Forty-Second Congress.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (LL R. No.
3064) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1872,-and for other purposes ;
which, with a letter accompanying it from the
Secretary of the Interior, was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr.TH AYER and Mr. FOWLER submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 30, 1870, and June 80, 1871,
and for former years, and for other purposes ;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 3064) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872," and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
southern railroads.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senator from
California [Mr. cols] to let me state to the
Senate that I have been requested by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Browxlow,] who
certainly does not trouble the Senate often,
and by several other Senators from the south-
ern States, to call up a bill in which those
States are interested. It is the House bill
authorizing tlie Secretary of War to settle with
certain railroads. I will not call it up this
morning, but I give notice now that I will ask
the Senate to consider it to-morrow in the
morning hour.
post office appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2579) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The pending
amendment isthatof the Committee on Appro-
priations in regard to China mail service,
upon which the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] is entitled to the floor. But before
the Senate went into executive session at its
last sitting there had been a motion to lay the
amendment on the table, and there was some
interlocutory debate afterward; and then the
Senate went into executive session.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for a vote on the
motion to lav the amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the pend-
ing motion, that the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Appropriations, increasing
the appropriation for the China mail service
from $500,000 to $1,000,000, or so much as
may be necessary, be laid on the table.
Mr. NYE. I hope thatwill not prevail. We
want to discuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This motion is
not debatable.
Mr. NYE. I know it is not
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. NYE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NYE. I wish to call the attention of
the Chair, that I may learn whether my recol-
lection is correct, to the fact that when the
Senate adjourned the Senator from Michigan
was on the floor; he had made the motion to
lay on the table; he then withdrew it, and pro-
ceeded to make an argument, and was partly
through at the time the Senate went into exec-
utive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nevada—and the
Globe confirms him in this, for the Chair has
examined it—that after having spoken some
time, the Senator from Michigan made the
motion at the suggestion of some Senator that
the amendment lie on the table. An interlo-
cutory debate of thirty or forty lines ensued,
and the Senate then went into executive ses-
sion, that motion having priority of the motion
to lay on the table. That is now the pending
motion, but the Senator can withdraw it. The
yeas and nays have been ordered on the motion
to lay on the table, and the Secretary will call
the roll.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall vote " nay." I
do not like this mode of stifling debate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 19 ; as follows :
YBAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow,Buckingham,Carpenter, Ch mdier.Conk-
ling, Davis, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Harris, Howe,
Howell, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Rob-
ertson, Schurz, Scott. Sherman, Thurman Trumbull,
Vickers, Warner, Wiiley, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Casserly. Cole, Corbett,
Hamlin, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Nye, Osborn,
Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart, Williams, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Cattell,
Cragin, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Hill, How-
ard, McCreery. Miller, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ross, Sprague, Stearns,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, and Tipton—21.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the reading of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I want a minute or two
to explain this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the Committee on Appropriations are not
yet all disposed of. There is one amendment
to the third section.
Mr. STEWART. I should not feel that I
had discharged my duty unless I gave a word
of explanation in regard to this matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can renew it in the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I will not wait for that.
I will present my proposition when the next
amendment is disposed of.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines four and five of
section three, to strike out " $5,909,383,
and insert "$5,008,000," as the appropriation
to supply the deficiency in the revenue ot the
Post Office Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That amendment was
reported to meet the reductions that the com-
mittee had proposed in the postal service ; but
inasmuch as the Senate has not- agreed to those
reductions, probably this amendment had bet*
ter be disagreed to, leaving the deficiency ap-
propriation where it was before in the House
bl Mr. COLE. The votes which have already
been taken on a kindred subject render it jus-
tifiable on the part of the committee not to
insist on this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that by a law now on the statute-
book the words " and be it further enacted
must be stricken out from the second and third
sections. As by law those words are required
to be omitted, a number of bills are now in
process of being changed.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 thought that law com-
menced operating from the beginning of the
next session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis now in force.
By law the enacting clause is notto be used in
any section of a bill but the first.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendments of the
committee having been gone through with, I
now otter an amendmentof whiehl have given
notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend.. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Buckingham] offered an amendment in regard
to envelopes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That can come up after-
ward just as well. It has no priority. I offer
this amendment, of which I gave notice.
Mr. STEWART. Are the amendments of
the committee disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are disposed
of, and the Senator from Ohio has just obtained
the floor. The Senator from Nevada did not
claim it, or the Chair would have recognized
him. The amendment of the Senator from
Ohio will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as an additional section llie following ;
Sec. —. That it shall be unlawful for the Newport
and Cincinnati Bridge Company, or any other com-
pany or person, to proceed in the erection of the
bridge now being constructed over the Ohio river,
from the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of New-
port, Kentucky, unless the bridge shall be so con-
structed that the channel span shall have under said
span, a clear headway, at low water, of one hundred
feet below the floor beams suspended from the bot-
tom of the posts.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the New-
port and Cincinnati bridge is being built, and
an act reported from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads—
Mr. NYE. I wish to raise a question of order.
I ask whether that amendment is germane to
this bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio will suspend until the point of order
is stated.
Mr. NYE. I inquire of the Chair whether
that amendment is in order; if it is not new-
legislation on this appropriation bill 1 I pro-
pose to hold the Senator from Ohio as strictly
to the rules as he does the rest of us.
Mr. SHERMAN. It makes no appropria-
tion.
|j The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
|| makes no appropriation, and therefore it does
!■ not come within the thirtieth rule.
Mr. NYE. Is it not new legislation in
regard to an existing franchise, and in that
sense out of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Congres-
sional Globe is full of precedents.
Mr. NYE. It is a private bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator from Nevada that the
Congressional Globe is full of precedents of
legislation moved and agreed to, and some-
times disagreed to, upon appropriation bills.
In fact the most important legislation of an
entire Congress has, sometimes, in the Senate,
been put upon appropriation bills. This is a
' ruling not merely made by the present occu-
pant of the Chair, but it is in accordance with
the uniform usage of the Senate. The thirtieth
rule was adopted some time since for tho pur-
pose of limiting the Senate specifically with
regard to additional appropriations; there is
no provision in it with regard to general legisla*
tion. It having been adopted in full view of the
fact that general legislation was moved upon
appropriation bills, the Chair must inler that -
