1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
dians at work in Nevada, and that fact does not
exist with regard to any other Indians. A larger
proportion of the Indians in Nevada labor
than of all other Indians in the United States.
The reason is that we have not demoralized
thetn by feeding them extravagantly and draw-
ing largely upon the Treasury. I have opposed
from the beginning the idea of making treaties
with them, and the result is that they have
learned to take care of themselves; and that
is the theory of our Government, that every
man shall work for himself and have the pro-
tection of the law.
I object to diminishingthe number of super-
intendents, and when the number is arranged I
want to have it distinctly stated that there shall
be a superintendent for Nevada, because we
want a man who is opposed .to having large
appropriations. The first thin<* you know, if
the Indians there are placed under some for-
eign superintendent, there will be a demand
for a large appropriation, and,those Indians
will be fed and taught to believe that they can
live without labor, and we shall have them all
dying off. Now they are taking care of them-
selves and we have a public sentiment that
protects the Indians and treats them kindly.
I want a superintendent for them, a man who
will not come here all the time asking for large
appropriations. The name of one was sent in
from Kansas to go to Nevada. I am afraid
of him, because Kansas has been in the habit
of having large appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. Nobody from Kansas has
been nominated for Indian superintendent of
Nevada. The one nominated as superin-
tendent from Kansas has gone to Dakota, not
to Nevada.
Mr. RAMSEY. Would a motion to adjourn
be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. STEWART. I shall not take a moment
longer.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment will be reserved. If the Senator from
Nevada desires to move an amendment for a
superintendent in Nevada, he will have to
move the amendment after the committee's
amendments are agreed to.
Mr. Sl'EWART. I am willing that this
number shall be cut down if we are allowed to
have one of the eight. I will offer an amend-
ment. to-morrow to give Nevada one of the
eight superintendents.
1 he next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 4, line sixty-five,
in the clause making appropriations for pay of
interpreter, to strike out the words "seven-
teen extra for the tribes elsewhere, at $400
each : three for the Indian service in Utah,
at $500 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the satr.e clause,
line seventy one, to strike out the words '"nine
for the Indian service in the Territories of Ari-
zona, Colorado, Idaho, Wyoming, and the
State of Nevada, at $500 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
seventy-four, to reduce the total amount of
appropriation for the pay of interpreters from
$40,500 to $20,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tionsfor the Apaches, Iviowas, and Comanches,
on page 5, line one hundred and eleyen, to
reduce the item '• for transportation of goods "
from $7,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, line
one hundred and seventy-seven, page 8, to re-
duce the item " for transportation of goods"
from $10,000 to $o,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, line
two hundred and fifty-two, to reduce from
$5,000 to $3,000 the appropriation " for in-
surance, transportation, and necessary cost
of delivery of annuity and provisions for Chip-
pewas of Lake Superior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, in the
appropriations for the Chippewas of the Mis-
sissippi, Pillager, and Lake Winnebagoshish
bands of Chippewa Indians, line three hun-
dred and forty-three, to strike out the words
"and medicine for the sick, $500;" and to
reduce the total amount appropriated in line
three hundred and forty-five from $7,700 to
$7,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 19, line
four hundred and forty one, to strike out the
word "for" before "iron" and insert "of;"
so as to read, "for permanent annuity of
iron and steel, per ninth article treaty 20th
January, 1852," <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, in
the appropriations for the Crows, line five
hundred and forty-three, after the word "roam-
ing" to strike out "one thousand souls," and
after the word " article " in line five hundred
and forty-four, to strike out "$10,000" and
insert " a sum not exceeding $5,000 ;" so that
the clause will read:
For third of ten installments, to be used by the
Secretary of the Interior in the purchase of such
articles as from time to time the condition and
necessities may indicate to be proper, the sum of
ten dollars for each Indian roaming:, as per same
article, a sum ndt exceeding 35,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know why the
committee should strike out the words "one
thousand souls." Is it because they think
these Indians have no souls? [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, line
five hundred and forty-six, to reduce the appro-
priation for the pay of a physician for the
Crows from $1,400 to $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, line
five hundred and fifty-three, to strike out the
following item in the appropriations for the
Crows:
For pay of second blacksmith, iron and steel, as
per eighth article same treaty, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 24, line
five hundred and sixty, in the appropriations
for the Crows, to strike out "one thousand
souls," and after the word "treaty," in line
five hundred and sixty-one, to insert "a sum
not exceeding;" so as to make the clause
read:
For second of ten installments, to be used by the
Secretary of the Interior in the purchase of such
articles as from time to time the condition and ne-
cessities of the Indians may indicate to be proper,
the sum of twenty dollars for each Indian engaged
in agriculture, as per ninth article of the same treaty,
a sum not exceeding $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
appropriations for the Crows, page 24, in line
five hundred and seventy four, to reduce the
amount appropriated for insurance and trans-
portation of goods for the Crows from $10,000
to $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 27, in
the appropriations for the Flatheads and other
confederated tribes, in line six hundred and
forty-five, to reduce the amount "for the pay
of a physician" from $1,400 to $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 28, line
six hundred and fifty-seven, to reduce the
amount appropriated for insurance and trans-
portation of annuity goods and provisions to
the Flatheads and other confederated tribes
from $4,000 to $2,000.
'The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmeut was on page 28, line
six-hundred and sixty-eight, to reduce the
total amount of appropriation to the Gros
Ventres from $35,000 to $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 28, in the
clause making appropriations for the Iowasr
in line six hundred and seventy, after the
word "interest," to strike out the words "irs
lieu of investment."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 28, in the
clause making appropriations for the Kansas
Indians, in line six hundred and seventy-nine,
after the word "interest" to strike out the
words "in lieu of investment."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The appropriation for
the Kickapoo tribe of Indians comes next,
and I have received an amendment from the
department which I suppose ought to be in-
serted at the end of line six hundred and
ninety-two, on page 20. It relates to a treaty.
A treaty was made with the Kickapoos giving
certain privileges to males being heads of fam-
ilies. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
said there were heads of families, widows who
had children, who were not males, and he wanted
this amendment inserted:
That the President of the United States is author-
ized to execute the provisions of the third article of
the treaty concluded with the Kickapoo tribe of
Indians June 28,1862, without restricting the sam 
to adult males being heads of families.
If the Committee on Indian Affairs make
any objection to this amendment to-morrow
we can have another vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These bills will
not probably be taken up to-morrow, as the
Senate has already set aside that day for the
consideration of reports from three commit-
tees.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment does
not make any appropriation. It simply re-
lates to the maimer of administering upon a
treaty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does tbe Sena-
tor from California object to this amendment?
Mr. COLE. I could not hear the amend-
ment read ; but I ask the Senator to waive it
for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. COLE. Probably the Committee on
Indian Affairs will make some proposition in
regard to those Indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs is not
present to-night, and action to-night is simply
on amendments reported by the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. I will reserve the amend-
ment for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the reading of the amendments
of the Committee on Appropriations.
The next a mendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was on page 34, in
the appropriations for the Navajoes, to strike
out " $2,000 " in line eight hundred and thir-
teen and insert "$10,000;" so as to read,
"for insurance and transportation of goods,
$10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tion for the Pawnees, on page 40, to strike out
" $10,000," in line nine hundred and seventy-
seven, and insert "$5,000;" so as to read,
"for support of two manual-labor schools,
per third article treaty September 24, 1857,
$5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, in the
appropriations for the Q|ji-nai-eltand Quil-leh-
ute Indians, in line ten.hundred and eighty-five,
to strike oat " $4,600" apd insert " $4,100
so as to make the clause read:
For twelfth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and a
physician who shall furnish medicines for the sick,
per tenth article treaty July 1,1855, $4,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
