1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The next amendment was on page 45, line
ten hundred and ninety-five, to reduce the
appropriation for the River Crows from $35,000
to $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 53, in line
oT?^"Lhunired and e,'shty' t0 reduce from
:? 15,000 to S10,000 the appropriation for in-
surance and transportation of goods that may
be purchased for the Shoshones and Bannocks,
the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 53, in line
twelve hundred and ninety-three, to strike out
540,000" and insert "$30,000;" so as to
make the clause read :
Shoshones and Uannocks, and other bands of
Idaho and southeastern Oregon:
For this amount, to be expended in sueh goods,
provisions, or other articles as the President may
Iroin time to time determine, including insurance
ana transportation thereof: in instructing in agri-
cultural pursuits; in providing employes, educating
cnildrcn, procuring medicino and medical attend-
ance; care for and support of the aged, sick, and
mtirm; tor the helpless orphans of said Indians;
■':na m any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 54, in the
appropriations for Sioux of different tribes, in
lines thirteen hundred and eight and thirteen
hundred and nine, to strike out the words
"six thousand six hundred and sixty-six suits
ol^'' in line thirteen hundred and eleven, to
strike out the words "six thousand six hun-
dred and sixty-six in lines thirteen hundred
and thirteen and thirteen hundred and four-
teen, to strike out the words "six thousand
six hundred and sixty-six;" and in line
thirteen hundred and fifteen, to strike out
"$159,400" and insert "$186,700;" so that
the clause will read :
For second of thirty installments to purchase
clotbj.ng tor males over fourteen years of ago; for
ilannel, nose, calico, and domestics required for
females over twolve years of ago, and for such flan-
nel and cotton goods as maybe needed to make suits
l^r boys and girls, $136,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The_next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Sioux, on page 54, line thirteen
hundred and nineteen, to strike out " sixteen
thousand four hundred " before "persons;"
iti line thirteen hundred and twenty, to strike
out " thirty-six hundred" and insert "for
persons;" and in line thirteen hundred and
twenty-one, to strike out "$236,000" and
insert "$186,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For second of thirty installments to purchase such
articles as may bo considered proper by the Secre-
tary of the Interior for persons roaming and for per-
sons engaged in agriculture, $186,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 55, in
the appropriations for the Sioux, in line thir-
teen hundred and twenty-six, to strike out
"$1,314,000" and insert "$985,500 so the
clause will read:
Foi second of four installments for purchase of
186? «9&5 5o'oUnd6r t0lUh arti°le treaty of Aln'U
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to ask the
Ciiairman of the committee how they arrive at
these sums? How do they know that that is
the sum that is necessary to put in?
Mr. COLE. We had the appropriations of
last year before us. This is precisely the sum
that was" appropriated last year for this pur-
pose.
Mr. POMEROY. How did the House come
to appropriate so much more this year than
last year?
( Mr. COLE. I have no means of ascertain-
ing that. I do not know why they did it. I
think perhaps there may have been some
recommendation from these independent oi;
extra Indian commissioners. I think proba-'
oiy it was from that source the recommenda-
tion came. But we have appropriated as much
as was appropriated last year, and in addition
to that we have appropriated for these same
Indians, in another place, $105,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not say that that is
not enough. I only wanted to know how the
committee arrived at it.
Mr. COLE. That is the only explanation
we can give at present:
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 55, line thirteen
hundred and thirty-seven, to reduce from
$75,000 to $40,000 the appropriation "for
insurance, transportation, and the necessary
expenses of delivering goods to be purchased
for the different bands of the Sioux Indians,
under treaty of April 29, 1868."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 56, line
thirteen hundred and sixty-one, to reduce the
appropriation for the Sisseton, Wahpeton,
Medawakanton, and Wapakoota bands of Sioux
Indians from $50,000 to $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, in
the appropriations for the Tabeguache band
of Utah Indians, line thirteen hundred and
ninety-seven, to strike out "$3,000" and in-
sert "$1,000;" so as to make the clause read:
For insurance, transportation, and general inci-
dental expenses of the delivery of goods, provisions
and stock, as per same article of same treaty, ©1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot understand, but
I presume the committee can, why is that cut
down from $3,000 to $1,000; but I will not
occupy time about it.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. All these amend-
ments maybe reserved when the bill is reported
to the Senate, as well as further amendments
offered.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care to reserve
them.
The next amendment was on page 59, line
fourteen hundred and twenty-one, to reduce
the appropriation for insurance and transport-
ation of goods to the Tabeguache. Muache,
Capote, Weeminuche, Yampa, Grand River,
and Uintah bands of Utes from $10,500 to
$5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 60, line
fourteen hundred and fifty-one, to reduce the
appropriations for "the Wichitas, and other
affiliated bands, and Indians in country leased
fromthe Choctaws," from $40,000 to $20,000.
ihe amendment was agreed to.
Ihe next amendment was on page 64. in
the appropriations for the Yakama nation^ in
line fifteen hundred and sixty-five, to strike
out "$1,400" and insert "$1,200; " so as to
make the clause read:
For twelfth of twenty installments for the pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty June 9,1855, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment, on page 65, line fifteen hundred and
eighty-six, is to strike out the words "so-
called" before the word treaties," which
will be reserved on the suggestion of the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who
reserved the same amendment on the first
page of the bill.
The next amendment was on page G9, after
line eighteen hundred and eighty-eight, to
strike out the following items:
For the transportation and necessary expenses of
delivery of provisions to the Indians within the Utah
superintendency, $10,000.
lor this amount, to carry out the action contera-
Aact ot Congress approved May 5, 1861,
entitled An act to vacate and sell the present In-
?.Jfr?Trei*erva-10Tv \n x^taP Territory, and to settle
said Indians in Uintah valley," $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 70, line
seventeen hundred and six, to reduce from
$10,000 to $5,000 the item appropriating " for
insurance, tiansportatiun, and necessar}' ex-
, peases of ihe delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan/'
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment, at the end of page 70, is an important
one. Does the Senator from California desire
it to be acted upon now?
■ Mr. POMEROY. I think it ought to go
over till to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the following proviso, from
line seventeen hundred and fourteen to line
seventeen hundred and forty :
Provided, Thathereafter no payments shall be made
by any officer of the United States to contractors
for goods or supplies of any sort furnished to the
Indians, or for the transportation thereon, or for
any buildings or machinery erected or placed on
their reservations, under or by virtue of any con-
tract entered into with the Interior Department, or
any branch thereof, on the receipts or eertilicatcs
of the Indian agents or superintendents for such sup-
plies, goods, transportation, buildings, or machinery,
untilsuch receipts or other vouchers shall have been
submitted to the executive committee of the board
of commissioners appointed by the "President of the
United States, and organized under the provisions
of the fourth section of the act of April 10, 1809,
and the third section of the act approved April 15,
1870, for examination, revisal, and approval: and it
shall be the duty of said board of commissioner?,
without unnecessary delay, to forward said receipts
or other vouchers so submitted to them to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, with the reasons for their
approval or disapproval of the same, in whole or in
part, attached thereto; and said Secretary shall
have power to sustain, setaside, ormodify the action
of said board, and cause payment to be made or
withheld as he may determine. If he overrules or
modifies the action ox* decision of said bonrd of com-
missioners, he shall furnish said board with his rea-
sons therefor in writing, which shall be made part
of their records.
Mr. HARLAN. I had understood that this
bill would not be taken up to-night. The
Indian Committee have not been present here,
any of them, from the fact that they have been
in session considering the bill. That commit-
tee has usually been consulted before the bill
has been taken up. I therefore move that tlio
Senate adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. Eut, if the Senator will
allow me, it was not intended to act upon any
amendment that there was any dispute about
to-night, but merely to read the bill through,
and let the Indian Committee come in to-
morrow with their amendments. That was
the understanding. It was not to take any
advantage of the Indian Committee.
Mr. COLE. We desired to get through with
the routine business, the reading of the bill,
to-night.
Mr. IIARLAN. Have none of the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations been adopted?
Mr. POMEROY. None that there was any
question about.
Mr. HARLAN. There was nobody here to
question them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Iowa, in justice to
the acting chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, that when this question was dis-
cussed this afternoon the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] first made an objection
to anything being taken up this evening except
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill. He afterward rose and stated
that he had no objection to another appropri-
ation bill being taken up, provided that it
should not be taken out of Committee of the
u hole. The Chair stated that from the chair,
so that the Senate should- be advised of it.
• • ®runoat0r from Iowa.may not, have heard
it. ihe senator from California had previously
stated that he desired to go through with the
Indian appropriation bill this evening, leavin®
it in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. For amendments that might be
proposed by the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But not to fore-
close action on anything, not even the amend-
ments of the Committee 011 Appropriations,
because they can all be reserved when the bill
comes into the Senate, and a vote can be taken
