1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 27,
the intention of the Senate was only to limit
amendments with regard to appropriations,
and not to limit them as to general legislation.
The amendment, therefore, is by usage of the
Senate in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not only is this amend-
ment in order, as I know it would be de-
cided—-
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me one
word? I made the inquiry because 1 have
seven or eight amendments of this character,
and I wanted the rule established on my friend
so that he would not deny my right when I
offered them. I propose to put the Sutro tun-
nel on. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question is
not, now involved. The Senator from Ohio is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to the Senator from Cali-
fornia ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield to a point of
order.
Mr. COLE. The point of order has been
made already, but the point of propriety I may
make very well on this measure. It is a meas-
ure which the Senator from Ohio has been try-
ing to get before the Senate lor a lnng time. I
think it is unfair to attempt to put it upon this
appropriation bill at this time. I know that
notice of it has been given; but it seems to
me that it is so foreign to the purpose 
Mr. SHERMAN. If I am in order, I will
go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to Senators, this point ot' order being
renewed by the Committee on Appropriations,
that their rules are under their own control;
arid, in view of the i'act that for so many
years general legislation has been moved on
appropriation bills, if they desire to prohibit
it they can do so by amending the rules, and
the Chair will then very strictly construe the
rules if so modified.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment is not
only in order, as any one would know without
the point being raised, but it isof more import-
ance than the paxsago of any single provision
of tliis postal appropriation bill. It is an
amendment in order and pertinent to this bill,
especially so. This bridge is declared by law
to be a postal route. The law so declaring it
came from the Committee 011 Post Offices and
Post Hoads. The original legislation 011 this
subject was upon a post route bill. This is
but a modification or declaration of the law
under a bill that was passed through the Sen-
ate upon a report of the Committee 011 Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Com-
pany are now constructing a bridge seventy
feet above low-water mark and nine feetabove
high-water mark across the Ohio river at the
city of Cincinnati. If this bridge is con-
structed it will throttle the navigation of the
Ohio river, prevent the passage of steamboats
of the ordinary class for more than one hun-
dred davs of the year during the most valua-
ble time of navigation. It will stop in a great
measure, or very much impede, the transporta-
tion of coal, salt, and heavy materials along
the Ohio river. It will do serious damage to
a navigation amounting to §700,000,000 per
annum.
The only purpose of this measure is to de-
clare the legal intent and meaning of the act
of I860. 1 do not propose on an amendment
to an appropriation biff to go into any elabo-
rate argument upon the merits of this question.
I wish only to prcsentm the simplest form the j
question involved in this amendment. By a !
joint, resolution of March 3, 1889 entitled "A '
resolution giving the assent of the United ,
States to the construction of the Newport and '
Cincinnati bridge," it is provided:
"That the consent of Congress be. and the same is
hereby, given to the erection of a bridge over the
Ohio nver from the city 0/ Cincinnati, Ohio, to the
city of Newport, Kentucky, by the Newport and
Cincinnati Bridge Company, a corporation chartered
and organised under the taws of each of the States
of Kentucky and Ohio : Provided, That said bridge
is buitt with an unbroken or continuous span of not
less than four hundred toet in tlia clear, from pier
to pier, over the main channel of the river, and is
built in all other respects in accordance v;ith the
conditions a.nd limitations of an act entitled "An
act to establish certain post roads," approved July
11, 1862; that said bridge,* when completed in the
manner specified in this resolution, shall be doomed
and taken to be a legal structure, and shall be a post
road for the transmission of the mails of the United
States: but Congress reserves tho right to withdraw
the assent hereby given in ease the froe navigation
of said river shall at any time be substantially and
mateiially obstructed by any bridge to be erected
under the authority of this resolution, or to direct
tho necessary modifications and alterations of said
bridge."
Nov/, I contend, ill the first place, that the
Cincinnati and Newport Bridge Company have
110 right to build the bridge they are now in
process of constructing across the Ohio river,
because they are building a bridge only seventy
feet above low-water mark instead of one hun-
dred feet, and in the next place they are build-
ing a draw-bridge instead of a continuous span
bridge. I think upon both these points they are
clearly violating the law, exercising an authority
riot conferred bylaw; and, as I shall show here-
after, the bridge, if completed according to
the present plan, will obstruct the navigation
of property to the amount of $700,000,000 a
year; and I will also show that even if they
have the right to build the bridge according to
their present plan, Congress has plainly re-
served the right to change or modify the plan
of the bridge, and to require them to conform
to it; and tiie whole object and purpose of
this amendment is to require the Newport and
Cincinnati Bridge Company to raise their
bridge to the one hundred feet provided for
and pointed out by the act of I860, the only
act which authorizes them to build the bridge
at all.
It is claimed by this bridge company that by
the reference here made to the act of 1802
they are authorized to build either a contin-
uous span bridge, which must be one hundred
feet above low-water mark, or a draw bridge
which may be seventy feet above low-water
mark. Upon that point I think, with due
doference to the opinion of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, the argument is very clear, and I think
110 one can read the legislation and the debates
of Congress at tho time the bill was passed,
without coming to the conclusion that Con-
gress never intended to grant them the power
to build any but what is technically a continu-
ous span bridge one hundred feet above low-
water mark. I could go on and give the rea-
sons for this opinion at some length ; but the
Judiciary Committee, to whom the matter was
referred, have decided'that, in their opinion,
this company have the right technically to build
a draw-bridge, and that the law of 1862 which
regulates the height of draw-bridges author-
izes them to build it seventy feet above low-
water mark, without any requisition as to high-
water mark.
This, however, involves the grossest absurd-
ity. The act of 1802, which it is said author-
izes them to build a draw-bridge, was confined
in its operation to the Ohio river above the.
mouth of the Big Sandy, where the river does
not rise as a ru-le above thirty feet. Conse-
quently, when in the law of 1862 Congress fixed
the limit of the bridge at seventy fret above
low water mark, that was equivalent to forty
feet above high-water mark^ii every case, be-
cause above the mouth of the Big Sandy, some
two hundred miles above Cincinnati, the river
does not rise as it does at Cincinnati. But,
unfortunately, when you apply that rule to the
city of Cincinnati, or the Ohio river bolow the
mouth of the Big Sandy, the reason entirely
ceases.
_ At the city of Cincinnati the water rises
sixty-two feet very often; it has risen frequently
as high as fifty-five feet, and its highest rise is
sixty-two feet; and yet, under the doubtful
phraseology of this act of 18C9, this company
claim that they have the right to build a draw-
bridge in the river &t Ciucinnati only seventy
feet above low-water -mark, or only nine feet
above high-water mark, thusactually in the most
valuable season of the year, when immense
amounts of property are floating on scows and
steamboats and boats of every description,
throttling the navigation of the Ohio river.
I waive, however, what I intended to say on
that point in deference to the opinion of the
Judiciary Committee,' which I know is entitled
to respect. That committee, or a majority of
them at least, have decided that according to
the technical construction of the language of
the law this company have the right to build a
draw-bridge, and that if they have the right to
build a draw-bridge they have, in consequence
of the language of the act of 1862. the right to
build a bridge only seventy feet above low-water
mark. I say now, as I said when I introduced
the joint resolution, that 110 one dreamed, or
expected, or conjectured, or thought it was
possible that this company would ever build
anything hut a continuous span biidge one hun-
dred feet,above low-water mark. Three mem-
bers of the House of Representatives represent-
ing the districts about Cincinnati, who partici-
pated in the passage of the joint resolution of
1869 say in their statements, published in the
report of the engineers, that it was expressly
understood and agreed by this company that
they would build a continuous span bridge one
hundred feet above low-water mark, and they
say that if they had ever dreamed or supposed
there was a possibility of the construction of a
bridge under the existing law such as is being
constructed, only seventy feet above low-water
mark, they would have resisted it to the end.
The bill was passed on t'ue last day of the ses-
sion, when a single objection would have de-
feated its passage, and these gentlemen all say
they never dreamed authority would be con-
ferred by the act to build a draw-biidge in the
river at the city of Cincinnati only seventy feet
above low-water mark.
My honoiable friend from Indiana [Mr. Mok-
ton] who participated with me on the occasion
of the passage of that resolution, and who
offered the amendment authorizing Congress
to change the plan, and every one who partici-
pated in its passage, understood the resolution
as simply authorizing the building of a contin-
uous span bridge across the river at Cincinnati
one hundred feetabove low-water mark. There
is r.ow one of the most magnificent structures
in the world across the Ohiorirer at Cincinnati,
with a span of about one thousand feet, and
that is one hundred and three feet above low-
water mark, built by citizens of Cincinnati;
and we never intended that this railroad com-
pany should be authorized to build any bridge
except a bridge that would not obstruct the
navigation of the Ohio rirer. We required
them therefore to enlarge their spans to four
hundred feet, to build their piers parallel with
the current of the river, and to build a continu-
ous span bridge one hundred feet above low-
water mark; but under the blind construction
of this resolution, •which refers to the act of
1862, they claim the power to build a draw-
bridge only severity feet above low-water mark.
But, Mr. President, I say that even if they
have technically that power, it is perfectly
clear that Congress has the right to change
and direct the mode and manner of construct-
ing the bridge. I will read again that pro-
vision :
"But Congress reserves the right to withdraw tho
assent hereby given in case tlio free navigation of
said river shall at anytime be substantially asd
materially obstructed by any bridge to be creoted
under the authority of this resolution, or to direct
the necessary modifications and alterations of said
bridge."
Now, even if they have the legal right to build
this bridge as they are doing it, here is the
plain and clear authority conferred on Congress
not only to prevent the construction of the
bridge, if it should.be deemed to be-an obstruc-
tion to theriver, but it expressly authorizes Con-
