1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
on every one separately if any Senator desires
it. The purpose was simply to get through the
reading of the bill and save time. The Chair
makes this statement in justice to the acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
as the understanding was stated before the
adjournment this afternoon.
Mr. HARLAN. It was not my intention to
say anything that would cast reflection on the
action of the Committee on Appropriations.
I only intended to express my misapprehen-
sion of the course that was intended to be pur-,
sued to justify my own remark. I think no
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs
has been present to-night, they all understand-
ing that this bill would not be taken up, and
we have been attempting to perfect our amend-
ments to it. There are some amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on Appropriations
that the Committee on Indian Affairs do not
concur in, and it would seem to be a useless
labor to be going over them without their scru-
tiny, as they will all have to be gone over
again when they shall have an opportunity to
examine them.
Mr. COLE. By no means, in any event,
will it be a useless labor; because the reading
of the bill, if it is concluded to-night, will
obviate the necessity of that routine business
on some other occasion.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations prefer to go on
with the reading of the bill to-night?
Mr. COLE. It is very nearly completed now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Iowa that, in re-
gard to any point which he would desire to
have reserved, the Senate no doubt would
grant him the right to move a reconsideration
of any of these amendments while the bill is
still in committee. The bill will not probably
bu taken tip again for a day or two, as to-mor-
row and Monday have been assigned for specific
business.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I will remark to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that I had an amendment
which I did propose, but seeing that the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs was
not in the Chamber, I reserved it in order that
it might be offered when the proper time came.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the right to move a reconsideration
of any amendment agreed to this evening will
be reserved by unanimous consent. The Sen-
ator from Iowa, therefore, if he objects to any
amendment adopted this evening, can move a
reconsideration when the bill is agaiu taken up.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 prefer to have it take
this course: that the bill shall not go out of
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the
understanding. It was not to go out of com-
mittee.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; I am content
with that understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending this
amendment, which is an important one, the
Senator from Iowa moves an adjournment.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be reserved, being an important one.
The next amendment ot the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 70, after line seven-
teen hundred and eighty-two, to strike out the
following clause:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay Alvin N. Blocklidge for services
rendered ami money expended in taking tbe census
tho Cherokee Indians, under the provisions of
t\w twelfth artiele of the treaty of 186b with said
Indians,$93S 5-">.
Mr. POMEROY. That name should be
001 rected. It is spelled B-l-a-c-k.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The proposition
of the committee, however, is to strike out the
clause.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that; but it may
not be stricken out, and I want the name right.
I do not know how the last part of the name
should be spelled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to the clause being stricken out?
Mr. POMEROY. I think wo had better
pass over it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reserved.
The next amendment was on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and eighty-eight, to
strike out the following clause:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to make arrangements for the removal of
the Kickapoo and other American Indian tribes now
resident in Mexico to reservations within the United
States, $50,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that appropria-
tion has been recommended by the Depart-
ment, but I should like to call the attention of
the Senate to it. It is a proposition to bring
Indians from Mexico into our country. We
have got a great many here now.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; quite enough without
searching other countries for them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be reserved.
The next amendment was on page 73, line
eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, to strike
out the word "statute" and insert the word
"law ;" so as to make the clause read:
3?or contingent expenses of trust funds, $2,100:
Provided, That no bonds of the United States shall
be issued for trust fund, or other Indian purposes,
unless duly authorized by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other amend-
ments striking out the remaining sections of
the bill seem to be important, and will proba-
bly have to be considered in full Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better pass
them over, because the Committee on Indian
Affairs will want to consider them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the reading of the two bills, which will remain
in committee by the unanimous order of the
Senate this afternoon.
Mr. COLE. The amendments that are
reserved will be considered as read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the Senate
have consented that the right to reconsider
may be reserved upon these amendments if
the bill should not be reached in the next two
days, as those two days have been assigned to
other businesf.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at nine
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 10, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF TUB JOURNAL,
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I observe that, on
the vote yesterday on the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the general Calendar, my name is
recorded as voting in the negative. I voted
in the affirmative, and I wish the Journal to
be corrected accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. PORTER. For ten minutes.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say in advance
that if it is anything except a personal explan-
ation I withhold my consent, 'lhe privileges
of the House have been abused in that regard.
Mr. PORTER. But never by me.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Virginia having teu minutes
to make a personal explanation 1 The Chair
hears none.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me to have a telegram read.
Mr. PORTER. I will do so if it does not
come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It will come out of the
gentleman's time if he yields.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I object to the
gentleman's yielding if it does not come out
of his time.
Mr. PORTER. Then I cannot yield.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
notified the gentleman that if he yields it will
come out of his time.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, while I shall
refer to two or three different subjects, I pro-
pose to occupy but little of the time of the
House. The Daily State Journal, a so-called
Republican newspaper, published ia the city
of Richmond, contained, in its issue of Tues-
day, January 24, 1871, the following commu-
nication, which I ask the Clerk to return to
me after reading.
The Clerk read as follows:
IMPUDENT ASSUMPTION OF POWER.
To the Editor of the State Journal:
We understand that a few persons, headed by
Aunty Joe Humphreys, have been assuming to act
as executive committee of the Republicans of this
district wiien, ia reality, they have no authority
whatever to act as siieh committee. The real com-
mittee is composed of the following members, towit:
John Robinson, of Amelia, chairman ; Frank But-
ler, of Cumberland; William P. llanly, of Gooch-
land; A. T. Johnson, of Hanover; S. L. Annable, of
Henrico; William N. Tinfley. of New Kent; Henry
Cox, of Powhatan; R. G. W. Jones, of Charles City;
William B. Jenkins, of Chesterfield; and Lindsey,
Humphreys, Baily, and Pi-oman, of Richmond city.
Xow, in the name of the Republican party of the
, third congressional district, which is not included
; in a few persons located in the city of Richmond
| but in the people of the counties and the city, we
I protest against the bogus party aforementioned
, assuming to act for the Republicans of the district.
1 If Mr. Poetei: insists upon acting with these dema-
gogues he must do so openly and like a man, and
not pretend to act under advisement of the Repub-
licans of his district, when he knows that thoir every
act has been repudiated by the people of the distriet.
We understand a meeting of the whole committee
will be ealled as soon as possible by those members
who have not been hitherto consulted. This is a
move in the right direction.
CX-LXZliJS 
Mr. JUDD. I would inquire of the Chair
if the privileges of a member of this House are
involved in this matter?
i Mr. PORTER. I hope the gentleman will
! not object. I propose to show how it affects
[ my privileges as a member.
i Mr. JfTDD. I will withdraw my objection,
j Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If proper, I
; would call for the ruling of the Speaker as to
: whether this is a personal explanation within
I the view of the right of a member to address
the House in the way of a personal explana-
tion.
TheSPEAKER. TheChairisoftheimpres-
sion, having been advised by the gentleman
. from Virginia [Mr. Porter] of what lie desires
i to say, that it is in the nature of a personal
explanation. But if the Chairis compelled to
rule upon the subject involved in what has
been read at the Clerk's desk, he would rule
that it does not involve any privilege of the
House entitling a member to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. PORTER. I have got through that part.
Several errors occur in giving the names of
the committee, and the article is one of mis-
representations generally, but it is not neces-
sary, on this occasion, that they should I>e
pointed out. This paper has been forwarded
i to me by some person in Virginia who is not
i connected with the State Journal office; but
i I hold in my hand another impression of the
! State Journal of the same day, and the same
! edition—there was but one edition—in which
, this communication is left out! This paper
\ came to me as one of the subscribers to tho
II Journal, and from its publishing office.
ji It will doubtless occur to the House that
il this is a very novel mode of warfare on the
