1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
gress to make modifications that are necessary
to carry the act into effect. A year and a halt'
ago, in pursuance of an act of Congress pro-
posed, I think, by my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] a board of engin-
eers was authorized to examine the bridges
then erected or in process of erection across
the Ohio river, and to ascertain and report
whether or not they amounted to an obstruc-
tion of the navigation of the river. This board,
constituted of three of the most eminent en-
gineers in the service of the United States,
have given us their report unanimously, Gene-
ral Warren, General Weitzel, and General Mer-
rill. They went, and examined these various
bridges, and I hold in my hand their report
as to the Cincinnati and Newport bridge.
The authority was conferred upon them by a
section in the river and harbor bill of last ses-
sion, in these words:
"And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized and required to detail
three engineers, whose duty it shall be to examine
all bridges now erected, or in process of erection,
across the Ohio river, and to report whether, in their
opinion, such bridges, or any of them, as now con-
structed, 01 proposed to be constructed, do or will
interfere with the free and sate navigation of said
river; and if tiiey do or will so interfere, to report
iiiso what extent of span and elevation above water
will be required to prevent obstruction to naviga-
tion, and iheir estimate of the cost required to
changesuch bridges now built, or being built, to such
width of span and elevatiouabuve the water as will
prevent obstruction tu navigation, such report to be
made and communicated to the next session of Con-
gress."
In the very act conferring on this bridge
company the only authority it possesses to
build this bridge there is reserved to Congress
the right to change, alter, or modify the law,
to direct at any and at ali limes, before and
after construction, such modifications as might
be demanded by the public interest; and here,
ill pursuance of that reserved authority, is the
detail of a board of engineers selected by the
Se6retary of War to make examination as to
all the bridges on the Ohio river; and _ these
engineers are appointed, men of the highest
prominence and character and service, whose
report ought to outweigh the interested de-
mands of any one, however high may be his
position. I hold in my hand their report, and
I say that no living man can read their report,
containing the statistics that bear upon this
subject, without coming to the conclusion that
this would obstruct the navigation of the Ohio
river; that it would do damage to every State
along that river and along all the tributaries
of the Mississippi river far greater in amount
than the cost of raising this bridge. I might
read page after page of this voluminous report,
given in the terse language of these engineers,
showing the effect of the construction of this
bridge on the different kinds of navigation. It
would prevent the navigation of the Ohio river
by steamboats whenever the water rose above
thirty feet in the channel at Cincinnati, and
for one hundred days in the year it would
interfere with the ordinary navigation of that
river, except through the use of a draw, which
is pronounced by them substantially imprac-
ticable. It would compel the breaking up of
the rafts of coal and salt and heavy articles of
iron. &c., that float from Pittsburg all along
the Ohio river; compel their breaking up at
the most profitable season of the year. It
would utterly derange and disorder the whole
trade of the Ohio valley.
We are called upon year after year to vote
millions to remove obstructions in navigable
waters and to remove natural'obstructions in
hnrbors ; and yet this obstruction, caused by
our acl, it is said, will be a greater injury to
the navigation of this immense valley and its
great trade 'than all the natural obstructions
now existing or that can be removed by your
appropriations. I will not go into any detailed
examination of this report, because it hasbeen
laid on the table of every member. I will
simply read the general conclusion :
"The board are unanimous in their opinion that the
bridge as now being constructed is so serious an ob-
struction to navigation asto callfor the interference
of Congress, as provided for in the act authorizing
its construction."
The effect of the bridge upon navigation is
discussed in detail in a separate chapter, and
it is evident from the considerations here pre-
sented that the bridge as constructed requires
material modification and alteration:
"Thestatistics of commerceshowtheriver business
to be greatly increasing. The same advances which
are seen ia other great lines of transportation aie
seen here. Vessels are being built of increasing size
and value, and the Government is removing great
obstructions which have hitherto retarded develop-
ment. One can see the growth of the nation in con-
templating our great river commerce, as plainly
exhibited as it is on our great inland lakes, in our
coasting trade, or even in the railroad_ lines them-
selves ; and no American ,can see it without being
proud of it.
"The interest is anythingbutaloeal one, and while
the bridge itself may be regarded as local, the prin-
ciples involved in allowing it to be placed across a
great navigable highway apply to every navigable
stream in the country, and are worthy of the consid-
eration of every man having a voice in the matter."
So they go on with a multitude of details in
the most urgent language. This report was
made in December last. These engineers state
that if a bridge of this kind is allowed to be
constructed across the Ohio river it will be
perfectly idle to go on with the improvements
of that river. They state that if this bridge
is constructed across the river at Cincinnati,
no longer can the navigation over the falls at
Louisville be carried on as in times past by
barges and tows. Indeed, the argument is so
conclusive that even the bridge company them-
selves have substantially agreed that the bridge
as it is being constructed now is an obstruction
to the navigation of the river, and the only ques-
tion is as to who shall pay fcr the alterations
necessary. Indeed, the controversy now has
narrowed itself down to this : not whether the
bridge ought to be raised, because I believe
even the bridge company themselves are con-
vinced and have agreed partially to raise the
bridge, but at whose cost shall it be done ; and
that is a question I do not intend to discuss.
It would be far better for Congress to appro-
priate not only $300,000, the estimated cost
of this work according to the plan of the en-
gineers, but $1,000,000. I would appropriate
any amount necessary to prevent this obstruc-
tion in the Ohio river. If this company have,
by their technical construction of the law,
secured an advantage to the detriment of navi-
gation, it is better for us to appropriate enough
money to save the navigation. I do not think
they have secured this. I believe that they
are bound under the law as it now stands to
raise this bridge to one hundred feet above
low-water mark, forty feet above high-water
mark, and that at any rate Congress has
reserved to itself the power and the right to
compel this change in the plan. It may, it is
true, be hard upon their individual interests;
but when the individual interests of private
persons are to be weighed against tl« great
overpowering interests of a free navigation of
the Ohio river we are not to consider them
for a moment.
Now, sir, the only controversy in this case
is whether Congress shall appropriate $'288,000
to raise this bridge, or whether we shall require
it to be raised at the cost of the bridge com-
pany, because there is no intelligent mind who
has read this testimony and considered the
subject that can doubt that the bridge_ must
be raised. The company themselves, in my
humble judgment, as things now stand, will
hardly assume the risk of completing this
obstruction across the navigable waters at
Cincinnati, because they must have been con-
vinced by the examinations already made that
this bridge must eventually be raised; and
now is the time to do it before the superstruc-
ture is made. Ihe piers have been erected
at a height of seventy feet above low-water
mark, according to their construction of the
law. The engineers report that the piers are
of sufficient strength to authorize their being
raised thirty feet more, and will then be amply
sufficient to bear the superstructure proposed.
All that is necessary is to raise these piers up
thirty feet, to put the same superstructure over
the bridge, and make the approaches. The
estimate of the engineers is that it will cost
$288,000 to complete these improvements an*}
pay all the expenses, while, on the other hand,
the company claim that it will cost about a
million dollars to pay all the expenses.
It has been proposed by my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] I
understand, that Congress shall appropriate
$288,000 for this additional work. I cannot
vote for that, because I do not believe we are
legally bound to do it; but if a majority of the
Senate think that the circumstances under
which the law was made raise an equitable
obligation on the part of the United States to
pay this increased expense, it is far better for
us to pay it now at this moment, before the
work is completed, than to have to pay it
hereafter, because the bridge will eventually
have to be raised; and if we now allow this
company, with these facts before us, to go on
aud build this bridge across the river upon the
present piers, as they are now constructing it,
unquestionably we shall be called upon to pay
them damages. I will content myself, how-
ever, now with offering this amendment. It
contains no appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from
Ohio if he thinks there is any moral or equita-
ble obligation on the United States to pay the
company for making this correction?
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend had been
here a few moments ago he would have heard
tne state distinctly that, in my opinion, there
was no such moral or equitable obligation on
the United States; but i said that if a major-
ity of the Senate believe there is such a legal
or moral obligation, then we had better pay
the money now rather than postpone this con-
troversy for a single year. If there is such a,
legal or equitable obligation on our part, it is
far better for us to do it now than to postpone
it until next year, when it will cost much more.
I hope the Senate will adopt this amendment.
Here is a matter which affects more than ten
millions of our people, which affects a naviga-
tion far more important than even our entire
general commerce. Here is an obstruction
which throttles this magnificent artery given
by Almighty God for free navigation; and I
trust the Senate will not allow this impediment
to be established there as a fixed eye-sore and
as an obstruction to every steamboat and to all
the navigation of that immense valley, but will
now require this bridge company to raise their
bridge to the proper standard according to the
proper height.
Now, sir, I know very well that if this prop-
osition is not put on this appropriation bill it
will be almost impossible to get consideration
for the subject at this session. More States
are interested in this question than in any
question involved in this appropriation bill,
and a greater amount of commerce is affected
by this simple amendment than is affected
by all the proposed subsidies and all the pro-
posed schemes that have been suggested for
the benefit of commerce. We appropriate
by this bill $-500,000 a year to build up our
commerce with China and Japan, and the
whole commerce of Japan and China with all
the nations of the world will not compare with
the commerce that floats by the city of Cin-
cinnati in a single year. I have before me
the document showing in detail the character
and nature of this commerce, amounting to
8700,000,000 per annum. The commerce of
Cincinnati alone is 8292.000,000. Surely we
ought not to allow an obstruction of this kind
to affect this commerce,_ to impede it, to ob-
struct it, to create irritation even for a single
^am perfectly willing to vote the amount which
