2ยง0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
BIHS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1164) in regard to entries by preempt-
ors under the act of Congress entitled "An act
to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands and to grant preemption rights,"
approved September 4,1841, and to amend the
said act; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1165) to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, their widows and orphan chil-
dren, to acquire homesteads on the public lands
of the United States ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1166) making a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1107) for the relief of Abbott L.
Hodge, the son of Amelia Hodge, now Mrs.
George S. Packard, formerly the widow ot'
Neheuiiah Hodge, deceased; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
11C8) for the relief of distillers of brandy from
grapes ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. 1 move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on Finance, and I hope
that they will give it due consideration. 1 am
sure that it will add millions to the revenue
of the Government.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1109) for encouraging the development of the
mineral wealth of the United States, and in-
corporating the Mining School and Metallur-
gical Company; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1170) to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved
March 2, 18G7 ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1171) to amend section twenty-five of an
act, entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,"
approved July 15, 1870 ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1172) to pay for quartermaster and com-
missary supplies taken for the United States
Army from citizens of Alabama who had en-
listed and were doing service in said Army;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. it. No. 272) in relation to the absentee
Shawnee lands in Kansas; which was read
twice by ils title, referred to the Committee On
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to intioduee a joint reso-
iution (S. R. No. 273) to fix the compensation
of the surveyor of customs at the port of Val-
lejo, California j which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
JAPAN STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1054) to incorporate the Japan
Steam Navigation Company, to report it back
with amendments, and to ask for its present
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported in full for information, subject to
objection.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that this bill
embraces no subsidy to the steamship company;
it simply proposes to organize the company for
the purpose of increasing our commerce, and
I should like to have its prompt consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Oregon that the bill had bet-
ter be printed, so that we may have an oppor-
tunity to consider it.
Mr. CORBETT. It is very short, and if it
is read I think there can be no objection to it.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the present consideration
of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to see it in print.
The VIC1S PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon desires to have the bill reported for
information. If there be no objection, the bill
will be reported for information, and then, if
the objection be still insisted upon, the bill will
go upon the Calendar.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. There are some amend-
ments reported by the committee, which I ask
to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendments reported
by the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont still object to the consideration
of the bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar, and be printed.
STAMP TAX ON APPLICATIONS JOlt, OFFICE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into and report, by bill or other-
wise, us to the expediency of imposing stamp duties
upon each and every application for oihcial place or
position, and upon each signature thereto, made to
the President ot' the United States, or made to be pre-
sented to any of the Executive Departments, of not
less than one dollar for each name appended thereto
when the salary or compensation is not in excess of
SI.0(1) annually, and fifty cents additional for every
jfoCO in excess of M.0U0: Provided, That no stamps
shall be required upon petitions for the appointment
of deputy postmasters, nor upon any statement, made
upon the written request of tlio President or any
Cabinet officer.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the title of that
resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a Senate
resolution, which does not necessarily have a
title. It is a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to suggest
to the Senator from Vermont to put in it that
it is a resolution for the purpose of raising rev-
enue from the Republican party. [Laughter.]
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CHARGES AGAINST SENATOR SPRAGUE.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. THURMAN rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
still in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take up the resolution introduced
by me December 9, calling 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Original Senate
resolutions have priority.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is no other resolu-
tion to be offered 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has risen, the Chair supposes, to present
a resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I give way to
that.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer a resolution, and
ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the jointCommittoe on Retrench-
ment be discharged from the consideration of the
resolution offered by Mr. Spragce on the 13th of
December, 1870, and referred to said committee, and
that said resolution be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the resolution
referred to in this resolution be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the resolution now offered by the
Senator from Ohio is before the Senate, and
the resolution proposed by it to be rescinded
will be read for information.
The resolution referred to was read, as fol-
lows :
IZcxohed, That the Secretary of AVar furnish the
Senate with copies of allpapersrelatingto thearrest
of one Hoyt during the war of the rebellion, for
tradnigwith the rebels in Texas, or otherwise, and to
furnish also copies of all papers relating to the arrest
and their discharge from arrest and (-ensure of Byron
Sprague and William II. Reynolds for alleged com-
plicity therewith, as well as any reports or papers
directly or indirectly having reference to William
Spragce, a Senator of the United States from Rhode
Island, as a party thereto, or as to any alleged dis-
loyalty on the part of said Sprakt'e in said matter
or any other.
liewlved, Jurther. That tbesame bo referred to tlio
Committee on Retrenchment to invebtigate the same,
with power to call for persons and papers; said com-
mittee in its discretion to report to tlio Senate its
conclusions and recommendations,
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I suppose
it must be obvious to every Senator, now that
his attention is called to it, that that resolution
was improperly referred to the joint Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, a committee composed
of members of the two Houses. It involves
an inquiry into the conduct of one of the mem-
bers of the Senate, an inquiry that,consistently
with the privileges of the Senate, can only be
made by the Senate itself or a committee of
the Senate. It is not a matter with which the
House of Representatives has anything to do ;
and the very terms of the resolution, requir-
ing a report to the Senate, instead of a report,
to the Senate and House of Representatives,
which is the duty and function of a joint com-
mittee, show the impropriety of that reference.
It is a matter of privilege that this body should
investigate the conduct of its own members,
and not refer that investigation to members of
the other House. I suppose it was a simple
inadvertence that caused the reference to be
made to the joint Committee on Retrenchment,
and I therefore move that that committee be
discharged from its consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The first part of the
motion of the Senator from Ohio very clearly
ought to prevail, to discharge the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment from the considera-
tion of a resolution requiring an investigation
into the conduct of one of the members of this
body ; but I do not know why he should have
coupled that with a motion to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, except upon the
ground that he supposes the Committee on the
Judiciary has nothing to do.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to raise
any question about that, and I will modify my
resolution by striking out that part of it, and
we can determine on some future day to what
committee the matter should be referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it had better go,
perhaps, to some special committee. The Sen-
ator from Ohio being upon the Committee on
the Judiciary, knows how pressed we are with
bills before that committee. It is impossible
to consider the number that are referred to it,
and give them that attention which ought to be
given, in the time allowed to the committee ;
and this investigation would manifestly take
