1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
authorized to make payment from the moiety
thereof belonging to the United States.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. «
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM L. HANSCOM.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass with an amend-
ment, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) to
authorize the President to permit William L.
Hansoom, late a naval constructor of the Navy
of the United States, to withdraw his resigna-
tion of that office.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes the President to permit William L. Hans-
con), late naval constructor of the Navy of the
United States, to withdraw his resignation of
that office, whicli was accepted by the Depart-
ment of the Navy January 5, 1866, and to
reinstate the said Hanscom in the office of
naval constructor; provided, however, that
no pay, emoluments, or compensation in any
form shall be allowed or paid under authority
of this resolution except such as may become
due under the laws for services which may be
rendered from and after the time when the
said Hanscom shall have been reinstated by
order of the President.
The amendment reported by the committee
was as follows:
In line three, after the word "President," insert
the following words: "if he shall deem it expedient;"
so that it will read, "that the President, if he shall
deem it expedient, be, and hereby is, authorized to
permit William L. Hanscom," &c."
Mr. SARGENT. I think that joint reso-
lution ought not to pass, at any rate without
discussion.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask for a vote
on the amendment.
The question was taken on the amend-
ment reported by the committee ; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will now make
a brief statement of the reasons for this joint
resolution. It provides, as it passed the Sen-
ate, that Mr. William L. Hanscom, who was
a naval constructor for a number of years
during the war, be allowed to withdraw his
resignation, if the President shall deem it
expedient, and be reinstated in the position
which he held. There are, I think, five of
these naval constructors. The Navy Depart-
ment agrees that we need the services of this
man, who proved himself efficient during the
war, one of the best and most acceptable of
the constructors, certainly as acceptable as
any of the others, and a man of great expe-
rience.
I may state that during the war he had in
charge the building of the frigate Franklin.
He designed the sloop of war Kearsarge, and
built the sloop Wachusett, which captured the
Florida at Brazil. He built many vessels
during the wfer, nearly all of which cost less
than did vessels of a similar class built at
other navy-yards. He designed and built the
monitor Monadnock at a cost of $329,000 less
than the cost of the monitor Miantonomoh,
built in Brooklyn. These two monitors are
of the same class, the same tonnage, have
each two fifteen-inch guns; the turiets and
plating are alike, and they are called sister
ships. The books of the Navy Department
show the above statement to be true. The
Monadnock was completed one year before
the three built in the Kittery, Brooklyn, and
Philadelphia yards, and was the only one of
that class which took part in the war. She
■was at Fort Fisher.
As I have said, if you compare the cost of
the Monadnock, built by Mr. Hanscom, with
the cost of the Miantonomoh, a vessel of the
same class built at Brooklyn, there was a sav-
ing effected by Hanscom, in consequence of
his ability in forwarding the work, of over
three hundred thousand dollars. I state these
facts in order to show the experience this
constructor has had. All parties agree that
he is a man of experience and ability, and
that there can be no possible objection to him
on that ground. All he desires is simply to
be restored to the position he formerly held.
There are gentlemen here—the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] and his colleague,
[Mr. Butler]—who are more familiar with
the duties and services of this officer than I
am. And after yielding a few moments to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] who
wishes to oppose the resolution, I shall yield
to one of those gentlemen to explain more
fully the services rendered by Mr. Hanscom
during the war. All the members of the Naval
Committee are agreed as to his being a man
of ability and experience, and that his services
were as valuable to the Government as those
of any man who ever filled a similar position.
I now yield five minutes to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. I desire ten minutes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Very well; I
yield ten minutes to the gentleman.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, representing
the minority of the committee, I must say,
first, that the service does not require this man;
and secondly, that if it did require a naval
constructor, he is not fit to have the appoint-
ment. I ask the Clerk to read the letter which
I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Washington, March 31, 1870.
Dear Sir: I inclose youa copy of a letterreeeived
from Mr. J?ox in relation to some of Mr. Hansoom's
transactions. I do not think you would sanction
the return to the service of a man who bears such a
bad reputation; and I therefore take the liberty of
sending you all the information I can obtain on the
subject.
Very respoctfully and truly, yours,
DAVID D. PORTER.
Iton. G. W. Scofield, Chairman Naval Committee,
United States House of Representatives.
Mr. ARCHER. Now I would ask that the
letter which I send up be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of Middlesex Company,
Lowell, Massachusetts, March 26,1870.
Sir: I have your letl er of the 18th instant, asking
for my recollection of an affidavit made by a Mr.
Wiggin. charging the then naval constructor. W. L.
llanscom, with receiving money from him (Wiggin)
for procuring hnn the place of master smith at the
Charlestown navy-yard.
There was such a paper on file at the Navy Depart-
ment when I left in 1866.
It must have been known to Mr. Faxon, Admiral
Smith, Mr. Lenthall, and the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. Welles used this paperand other charges with
the President to prevent Mr. Hanscom froiii getting
back into the corps of constructors, from which lie
had resigned atter his removal from the Charlestown
yard by order of the Secretary.
Very truly, G. V. FOX.
Thomas Davidson, esq.. United State.i Naval Con-
structor, Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. ARCHER. The affidavits that were
lost in the Navy Department have been sup-
plied by copies which have been sworn to;
and I ask that the affidavit of Wiggin be read.
The Cierk read as follows:
I, Joshua D. Wiggin, master blacksmith of the
navy-yard, Boston, do certify that early in January,
1861,1 was seeking the appointment of master black-
smith at the Iloston navy-yard, and had placed all the
papers which I had obtained in the nature of recom-
mendation's and petitions in the hands of D. W.
(4ooch, member of Congress, Representative from
the fifth congressional district of Massachusetts.
About the 1st of May, 1861,1 called on Mr, Gooch
to inquire what progress was being made in the mat-
ter, when he told me there was some block in the
way, and asked if X was acquainted with any of the
officers of the yard, and mentioned Mr. Hanscom.
I told him I was very little acquainted with him.
I had seen him as we passed in and out ofthe city
in the cars. He advised me to go and see him.
The next day I met Hanscom. I spoke to him
as we got out of the train, and went along with him
to the navy-yard. Ho spoke to me first, and nskod
how I got along with my businoss. X told him 1 did
cot seem to got ahe-id laaoli, tlo replied that I hf.d
not got the right man to work for me; said he knew
of a man who never failed in what he undertook,
but such men would not work without pay. I a^ked
him what it would cost. He said about three hun-
dred dollars, and wanted to know if I could allord
that. X told him I had not the money. He then
advised me to think of it, and I left him with tho
understanding that I should see him again the next
day. The next day I saw Hanscom on his way from
the train to the navy-yard, and told him that I
would give S250, if that would pay the expenses, pro-
vided 1 got tho appointment. He said that would
do, and if I did not get tho appointment there would
be nothing to pay. .
I understood that some man was going to Wash-
ington and I was to pay his expenses. It was further
agreed that what I paid should be paid in install-
ments and after I got the place. He then said that
what was done must be done that day, and said he
would go right away and see the man. I was curious
to' know who this man was. and so when he came out
of the yard I followed him, saw him get into the
street cars and saw him get out, and followed him
directly to Mr. Gooch's office in State street.
Hanscom was in Mr. Gooch's office but a short time,
and just as soon ashe came out Iwentin. Mr. Gooch
said, as I went in, "Mr. Wiggin, Mr. llanscom has
been here and everything is all right;" and gave mo
to understand that my appointment was sure. I
turned and went directly out and followed Hanscom
to tho cars and went out m the same train to Maiden,
and after dinnerwe both came back to Boston on the
same train, and after we got out I followed llanscom
to the navy-yard and came up with him and asked
him if he had seen the man, and he said "Yet.; he
will probably start for Washington to-night."
My appointment came, and I went to work Slay
22,1861, and on the 24th llanscom called for a note,
whieh X gave him, of which the following is a true
copy:
$100. Charlestown, May 24.1S61.
Thirty days after date I promise to pay to the order
of John [HJMacomberone hundred dollars and in-
terest, for valuereceived. J. D. WIGGIN.
Indorsed: July 1,1861.—Received of the within by
J. D. Wiggin, seventy-five dollars.
JOHN 11. MACOMBER.-
June 25,1861.—Received of the within fifteen dol-
lars. July 29,1861.—Received of John H. Macomber
ten dollars.
And on the same day I made another note, of which
the following is a true copy:
8150. May 31, 1861.
Ninety days after date I promise to pay to the
order of John H. Macomber one hundred and fifty
dollars, value received. J. D. WIGGIN.
Indorsed: JOHN II. MACOMBER,
Mrs. L. HANSCOM.
And en the same day I delivered both these notes
to Hanscom, and at the time of their maturing they
were both paid by me.
John H. Macomber was a quartorman in the black-
smiths' department of the navy-yard, and lived at
Melrose, and was not the man who came to Wash-
ington in my behalf, and did nothing in that rp«peet.
And I have reason to believe, and do believe, that
no man came to Washington to secure my appoint-
ment, and that all statements or insinuations that
such a thing would be done, or had been done, are
false. J. D. WIGGIN.
Sworn and acknowledged at Washington, District
of Columbia, this" 12th January, 1866, bcfoi e int.
G. C. THOMAS.
Notaru j'u.hUc.
I hereby certify that the above is a true r-n-iv
„ „ , J- D- WIGGIN.
Washington, May 3,1870.
I hereby swear that the within i« a true o.,i-v of
the original as sworn to by me, in the citv of ^ -
ington, 12th day of January, ISoO.
_ J. D. WIUU1X.
Sworn and subscribed at Washington, T>;-tnct of
Columbia, this 4th day of May, 1870, bolero mo.
GEORGil (J. THOMAS
Not<u if J'tiUic.
Mr. ARCHER. In addition to that affidavit
I offer the affidavit of John II. Macomber,
which is also on file in the Navy Department.
The Cierk read as follows :
II. Macomber, of Boston, in the county of
hutiolk and Commonwealth of MussachusorU bcin*
duly sworn, on oath depose and ssy tL.-u 1 nm
acquainted with Joshun D. Wic-gin, fotmcily mis-
ter blacksmith of the navy-yard at Charlestown,
near said Boston, and am alto acquainted with "VTil-
j i tsc0in' employed in said navy-
yard; that I qu,merman in said navv-yard in
t* ^hat Ayhilo so acting as quartermau
William L. Hanscom came to me an<l asked me to
7 Vie amounting to $250, made from Mr.
Joshua D.^Wiggin tome, and that! was to indorse
the same in blank, whieh 1 did and delivered tho
notes to said Hanscom. The notes were, one for $100.
payable in thirty days, and the other was for 5-loUi
Payable in ninety djiys frora date to my order, and
|; were by mcindoised and delivered as above men-
j | tioned to said Hanscom, being signed by said Wiggin,
h indorsed by me, and delivered to said Hanscora ir*
