THE COtfGBESSIQMAL GLOBE.
January 4,
Thfe Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, to
strike oat the second section, after the enact-
ing clause, and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:'
And b& it further resolved, That the lands ceded by
tfcs first and second articles of the treaty of Septem-
ber 2£, 1865, "with the Great and Lifetle Osage Indians,
not heretofore disposed of. shall be sold under the
provisions of the act described in the foregoing sec-
tion, except the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sectiohs
in each township thereof, including also the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections of said diminished reserva-
tion, which shall be disposed of by the State of Kan-
sas as other school lands in said State.
Sec. 8. And be it further resolved. That the acts of
March 2,1867, and June 8,1863, in relation to town
sites, be, and thesaine are hereby, extended to tho
foregoing lands, and also to the tract known as the
Osage oeded lands, ceded to tho United States by the
first artioleof the treaty of September ffi, 18G5, so far
aa the same may bo not inconsistent with vested
rights.
The amendment -was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The object of this joint
resolution is to carry out the provisions of the
act and make it intelligible to the Department,
who have had some difficulty in executing the
law ; but the phraseology used is still open to
some objections ; and, to make it clear, 1 move
the following amendment to the first, section:
instead of inserting, as the committee have re-
ported, "in compact form, in accordance wiih
the legal subdivisions of survey,'' 1 propose to
insert "in compact form, so as to include the
quarter section on which the settlement has
been made, under such rules and regulations
as shall be approved by the Secretary of the
Interior.''
The object of this is, as we have taken these
lands to sell in trust for the Indians, to have
the settlers take the quarter section on which
they have settled rather than to take tho lands
in legal subdivisions. The way the resolution
now stands it would enable them to take their
lands in forty-acre pieces up and down the
creeks so as to include all the timber; and as
we are selling these lands in trust we ought
to have prairie and timber, as our country i 
situated, sold together, and they should be
required to take the quarter section on which
they have settled, and not allowed to extend
their settlements a mile up and down   stream
and only forty rods wide. That, was what the
Commissioner ot the General Land Office called
iny attention to; and 1 movetheamendment to
insert the words "in compact form, so as to
include the quarter section on which the set
tlefnent has been made, under such rules and
regulations as shall bo approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I offer an amendment, to insert
in tho third section, second line, " and also
the act of May 30, 18li2." I find an act the
existence of which I was not aware of at the
time the section was drawn.
Mr. POMEROY. That has reference only
to the date of another act. It ought to be in.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. At the end of the third section !
I move to add the following proviso : 1
Provided, That this resolution shall not operate in
any way to prevent the Indians from receiving the
saidlaoid?1 lU ***° authorizing the sale of
So that the compensation of the Indians for
these lands can in no event whatever be dimin-
ished.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is right. I
do not think in any event it would change the
law, but I think that amendment is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. The joint resolution was ordered*
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
thix-d time, and passed.
riiEtSIDENTI.Ui APPROVALS,
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horack Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 2"2d
of December, 1870, approved ahd signed the
following bills and joint resolution :
A bill (S. No. 673) for the relief of Nicholas
M. Page, executor of Samuel Miller, of Camp-
bell county, Virginia;
A bill (8. No. 828) for the relief of Henry
Newell; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 191) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
bark Busy.
RECOMMJENDATIOXS TO OFFICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 298.
Mr. MORTON. Before that motion is put
I desire to give notice that on Monday I shall
ask the Senate to take up and consider the
bill to reimburse the States for interest upon
moneys advanced for war purposes during the
late rebellion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 298) to relieve
members of Congress from importunity, and
to presetve the independence of the different
Depattments of the Government.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to sttike out ail
alter the enacting clause and to insert the
following:
That hereafter it --lin 1 i be unlawful for any member
of either House of Congress, or Detect te from a Terri-
tory, verbally or in writing, to solicit, recommend,
or advise tho President ot the United States, or any
ot" a Department, or of any buieau thereof, to
appoint any porsoij to office or employment; and H
shall be unlawful tor tho President or any head of
a Department, or buieau to make any appointment
so solicited, recommended, or advised, 011 tho privity
o! tho applicant; aed any por.-on who shall violate
this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, shall be fined not exceeding
£1,00,1: I'iovuUii, That this act shall not apply to the
action of Senators upon nominations submitted by
the President to the Senate.
'fhe pending question was upon the amend-
ment. of Mr. Williams to the amendment of
the Committee 011 the Judiciary, which was ill
line four, after the word "Territory," to insert
the words "or any judicial, military, or naval
olliccrof the United States so that the clause
will read;
That hereaftei it shall bo unlawful for any mem-
ber of either lfou.se of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, or any judicial, military, or navol officer
of tho United States, verbally or in writing, to solicit,
recommend, or advise, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to the pend-
ing amendment offered by the Senator from
Oregon I do not know that I have any particu-
lar objection to it, unless it should extend so
far—and 1 call his attention to that—as to pre-
vent military and naval officers from recom-
mending promotion to those who have per-
formed gallant service. He certainly does not
intend that. If the only object is to prevent
their interference with the appointments of civil
officers it may be well enough.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Itcan bequaiified in that
way.
Mr. 1 RTjMBULL. If the Senate thinks it
important to extend the bill to judicial and
military and naval officers I have no special
objection to it; but I should question the pro-
priety of doing it, at any rate at this time. It
ought to be limited so as not to prevent supe-
rior officers recommending those who have per-
formed gallant service in the Army for promo-
tion. It certainly would be very proper for
them to do that on proper occasions.
I did not design 111 calling up this b>U this
morning to make an}'extended remarks upon
it. I presented my views briefly in regard to
the importance of some bill of tins kind at the
last session, and I will not repeat them now.
Tire attention of the public has been so fre-
quently and so extensively called to the import-
ance of some reform in the mode of appointing
officers in the civil service, and evefy one seems
to be so much in favor of doing something on
that subject, that I think it unnecessary to re-
capitulate now the evils of the present system;
they are apparent and known to all. The
President in his annual message has called
attention to the subject.
I do not pretend that this bill, which I intro-
duced at a former session, and to which a sub-
stitute is pending, now reported by the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary, which changes itsotne-
what—and I will explain what that change is
in a moment—is a perfect measure or com-
plete, or that it will remedy the whole diffi-
culty; but I think it is a beginning at the right
place, which will enable Congress, when we
have relieved ourselves from all connection
with these appointments, to go to work and
devise some plan that, will secure efficiency in
the various Departments of the Government,
and will not make the offices in the Depart-
ments here and throughout the country mere
partisan appointments.
I said that it was unnecessary to recapitulate
the evils of the present system ; they are known
to all. It is known that in the Departments
in Washington there are a great many more
clerks than would be needed if those there
were capable, efficient, and faithful officers;
and it is known that many of them are put
in merely as a reward for political services.
Now, sir, 1 will content myself by calling the
attention of the Senate to the change in the
bill that is proposed by the Committee on the
Judiciary. The bill, as I introduced it ori-
ginally, provided that no member of Congress
should, diiectly or indirectly, recommend the
appointment of any person to office by the
President, and prohibited the appointment of
any person who should be recommended by a
member of Congress, of course if it was done
with the privity of tho person recommended.
I had then a proviso in the bill, as 1 introduced
iL which authorized the President or the head
ot any of the Departments to apply for in-
formationto any member of Congress in regard
to any appointee, and authorized a response
in writing. The Committee 011 the Judiciary
struck out that provision which authorized a
response in writing to a request from the Pres-
ident or head of a Department asking inform-
ation and made the bill absolute. 1 will read
the amendment; it is very short;
i That it shall hereafter be unlaw.fol for any mem-
oer of either House of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, vcibally or in wilting, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advi-o the Presidontof the United Mate., or
any head ot a Department, or of any bureau thereof,
to appoint any person to office or employment.
It is made general, and the provision author-
izing a member, in response to a request of the
President or the head of a Department, to give
information in writing in regard to an applicant
for an office has been stricken out by the com-
mittee. It was stricken out upon this sugges-
tion; that the provision as it was oiiginally
introduced would lead to an abuse ; that par-
ties would go to work to get themselves called
upon, and that thus the law would be evaded ;
and it was thought better by the committee,
though I did not myself wholly concur in that
view, to cut the thing up by the roots, abso-
lutely to divest the legislative department of
the (jovernment entirely from all connection
with this question of appointments to office,
and they therefore recommended this substi-
tute in lieu of the original bill.
_ As this is the morning hour, and I do not
intend unless this subject shall lead to discus-
sion to discuss it myself, I will content, mvsd f
oil the present occasion with what I have'said
in legard to the bill and calling attention to
line remarks I made upon it when I introduced
it at the last fusion.
i 1'OMlt.ItOi. It has occurred to me
that the committee can hardly have considered
the provision of the Constitution, or the man-
net in which this Government wasconstrueted,
when they agreed upon an effort by law to
