1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
shall be parallel to the currcnt of tbo river as Dear
as practicable: And provided also, That if any
bridge built under this act shall be constructed as a
draw-bridge, the same shall bo constructed with
a span over the main channel of the river, as under-
stood at the time of the erection of the bridge, of
not less than three hundred feet in length, and said
span shall not bo less than seventy leot above low-
water mark."
Then the whole provision of this act of 18C2
may be condensed into this statement: that if
a bridge was built with unbroken or continuous
spans it was to be ninety feet above low-water
mark; if it was to be a draw bridge, it was to
be seventy feet above low-water mark. This
bridge is being built with a draw, and there-
fore, under the law of 1802, as applicable to
it, the company would have the right to build
the main span three hundred feet, and not four
hundred feet, for that is required by the reso-
lution of 18G9, and with a span seventy feet
above low-water mark.
The only reason that is urged here against
the finding of the Judiciary Committee, which
is that the company is authorized to build a
bridge seventy feet above low-water mark is,
that when this law was passed it was under-
stood by those who represented the bridge
company, and those who represented other
interests, that the bridge should not be. built
in accordance with the authority given by the
very resolution which authorized its building;
and for that purpose the affidavits or the
statements—I do not remember that they are
affidavits—of three members of the Ilouse of
Representatives are attached to the report
of the engineers, stating that such was their
understanding when the law passed.
Mr. President, I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the principle involved in per-
miUing.such an understanding on the part of
members of Congress to control either private
or public interests, in opposition to the plain
words of an act of Congress on the statute-
book. To illustrate it, suppose for a moment
that instead of the resolution authorizing a
bridge to be built at seventy feet, it. had re-
quired a bridge to be built at one hundred feet,
and three members of the House of Represent-
atives were to come before this body, or any
other body, and say that they had made an
agreement with the parties representing the
bridge company, although the law only au-
thorized a bridge to be built one hundred feet
high, that they should huild it at seventy feet,
would it not be scouted out of any deliberative
body? The fact that it is the other way, that
these three members of Congress agree that
t.he law authorized it to be built at seventy feet,
but took the word of somebody outside, that
against the law they would build it at one hun-
dred feet, involves exactly the same principle.
I think, had 1 been a member of the House of
Representatives and permitted a measure so
deeply affecting the interests of my constitu-
ents to go upon the statute-book, allowing a
bridge to bo built at seventy feet high, with a
private understanding with those who were
interested in it that it should beb.uilt one hun-
dred feet high, I would never make it public.
What does the public know of such an un-
derstanding between three members of Con-
gress and anybody representing a bridge com-
pany? What do the men who subscribed their
stock to the Newport and Cincinnati bridge
know of such an understanding? Whatdothe
men who took the bonds of that corporation
know.exeept what was written in the law, that
that company would be authorized to build a
bridge seventy feet high above the main chan-
nel, with aspan of four hundred feet, and with
a draw, if they so determined to do? There
was the action of Congress, the joint resolu-
tion of March 3, 1809, and the act of 1802
taken together, and both made applicable to
this bridge; and under the law, as has been
found, alter an examination by the Judiciary
Committee, the company are authorized to
build the bridge as they are building it.
I know it is found in the report of the en-
gineers that one of the piers of the bridge is
not exactly parallel tvith the channel of the
river. If there is any violation of the law in
that respect, if the company are not building
the bridge in conformity with the law, enjoin
them at once. If there be anything in the con-
struction of this bridge which is in contraven-
tion of the privilege given by act of Congress
it lias now been in the course of construction
for many months, and the strong arm of the
United States court, would stop the building at
once if that pier is not located in the channel
in accordance with the terms of the act of
Congress. I am not sure that they need even
go to the United States courts; but it is un-
necessary to raise that question. The corpor-
ation was created first by acts of the States of
Ohio and Kentucky authorizing the building
of the bridge, and then the joint resolution of
March 3, 1869, gave the assent of Congress
to it.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania a question which
may somewhat influence my vote on the amend-
ment he has submitted to the amendment, and
that question is, this: whether the proposed
change in requiring the height of the bridge
to be raised with a continuous span will render
useless any part of the work that has been
done or any part of the expense that has
already been incurred ? It seems to me that
is an important question upon his amendment.
I ask him whether the work that has been
done and the expense that has already been
incurred will not be available, so that the
effect will be simply to increase the expense
beyond what it would be to build a bridge sev-
enty feet above low-water mark and with a
draw ?
Mr. SCOTT. I am not prepared to say that
the work already done will be rendered use-
less by this modification; but this much I can
say from the examination I have given to the
subject: the company have proceeded and pre-
pared to build this bridge with a draw. If they
are required to raise it to one hundred feet,
then, under the terms of the law originally,
even at ninety feet they would not have been
required to put in or maintain a draw in
the river. The amendment as it is now pro-
posed requires them to raise the bridge to the
lieight of one hundred feet, and does not re-
lieve them from the necessity of maintaining
the draw. So that, so far as the additional
expense of putting in the draw is concerned,
the additional expense upon the draw would
be rendered useless.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Pennsylvania that I understand the lan-
guage of my amendment to relieve them from
putting the draw in; but if there is any doubt
about it I will accept any modification that
will make this a continuous span bridge.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not so understand it.
The language of the amendment simply for-
bids the Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Com-
pany from proceeding to erect their bridge
unless they make it one hundred feet above
low-water mark. There is not one word in it
about the draw.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know ; but in that case
they are not bound to make the draw.
Mr. SCOTT. They are building under a
law which did require them to make a draw ;
and you now come in, in pursuance of a re-
served right of modification, as you say, and
without releasing them from the liability to
make and maintain the draw, you propose to
require them to raise the bridge to one hun-
dred feet. The Senator from Ohio will see
that if he looks at the language of his amend-
ment.
But, Mr. President, I was proceeding to show
that under the law, as we have it reported upon
by the Judiciary Committee, the company were
authorized to build a bridge seventy feet above
the main channel, and with a draw. They
have been doing that. I was proceeding also
to say that there were some other irregulari-
ties alleged in the construction of the pier as
not being parallel to the channel of the river,
when I was interrupted by the Senator from
Indiana. There may be a question to be de-
cided by the courts in reference to that. The
United States engineers find that, in conse-
quence of the manner in which the approaches
to the bridge are made, this pier is not quite
parallel to the channel; that it stands at an
angle, I think, of about twelve degrees, and
therefore diminishes the channel-way to the
extent of about ten feet. This is the allega-
tion on the one side ; on the other, it is con-
tended that under the law the pier is re-
quired to be parallel to the channel as near as
practicable, and that in consequence of the
nature of the ground over which they have to
make these approaches, it is as near as prac-
ticable parallel to the channel.
Here, then, is a question which the parties
in interest can have determined by going into
court at once, at any time; and 1 am free to
say, looking at this question as I do, with the
desire of doing justice to both these interests,
that if there be any particular in which this
company has not complied with the law of
Congress, then they ought to have no stand-
ing in Congress. But that is a judicial ques-
tion. It involves their rights ; it involves the
rights of private property in the bridge; it may
involve the right of franchise to the corpora-
tion ; and I need not say to the lawyers of this
body that whether a corporation shall continue
to enjoy its franchise or not has always been
held to be a judicial question, and not one for
a legislative tribunal.
Granting then, Mr. President, that the com-
pany is proceeding to build, according to the
terms of its incorporation, a bridge seventy ,
feet above the main channel and with a draw,
suppose that upon the report of these engin-
eers it is found that such a bridge will be,
when completed, an obstruction to the free
navigation of the Ohio river, then what? Is
it, for that reason, an unlawful obstruction?
I come back to the point which I made, that
we must presume that Congress intended just
such a bridge to be Jjuilt as it authorized to
be built. It would be an absurdity to say, for
instance, when Congress or a State Legisla-
ture incorporate a railroad company and give
it the right to cross public highways, that,
because travel over the public highways may
be obstructed for a few moments by passing
trains, therefore the railroad should not be
built at all. Numerous cases of this charac-
ter have come before the courts, and the con-
struction has always been that there must be
a reasonable reference to the use intended to
be made, to the purpose for which the law was
passed. So here, this law authorizing the
building of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge
was passed for the purpose of authorizing the
building of a bridge in conformity with the"
terms of that resolution and of the act of
1862, to which it refers. Now, can it be said
that, if the bridge is built in conformity to the
joint resolution of 1809 and to the act of 1862,
it is not built as required by law, and there-
fore it ought to be torn down, that Congress
did not intend any such thing? It would he
an imputation upon Congress to say that they
deem as unlawful that which by their law they
authorized to be done.
Then, sir, if the bridge is to be an obstruc-
tion to the Ohio river, comes in the question
of the exercise of the reserved power of Con-
gress. It was not necessary that it should be
reserved in the joint resolution of March 8,
1809. There is no provision in the Constitu-
tion of the United States similar to that which
is found in many of the State constitutions,
that Congress shall not be permitted to impair
the obligation ot a contract. Jf the incorpor-
ation ot a company be, under the Constitution
of the United States, a contract, we are not met
by any such limitation as is found iu State cou
