1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
stitutions, under which it has been held tliat
the Legislature cannot limit or impair their
franchises without the consent of the parlies.
We have the power without the reseivation.
If we find at any time that any bridge upon
the Ohio river, although built in exact con-
formity with tiie provisions of an act of Con-
gress, is impeding tlie navigation of the river,
vs need not look for a reserved right; we
have the right., in pursuance of the power to
regulate commerce, to make such modifica-
tions as will remove obstructions.
But then comes up the question, npon what
principle ought that power to be exercised? Is
it good faith, after a corporation or individuals
have proceeded upon the powers granted in an
act ot Congress, and upon the assumption that
. if those powers are complied wuli tlieir rights
are secured, after they have proceeded to invest
their money in the erection of a structure of
this kind, that Congress shall come in and
interpose this power, and sacrifice the value
of tlieir property without making compensa-
tion? Mr. President, the Government of the
United States can never affoid to be guilty of
bad faith with any of its citizens. I need not
reier to the legislation and the history of the
last few years to show that the last thing tlie
Government can afford to do is to exercise its
irresponsible power for the purpose of doing
injury to the vested rights of its citizens.
Here, then, is a bridge which, according to
the estimate of the engineers, will require
$288,095 to conform it to such modifications
as they suggest and as they think would render
the navigation of the Ohio river safe. Accord-
ing to tlie estimate ot the engineers of this
company, which are submitted, showing that
by raising their bridge thirty feet they will be
• required to raise their depots in both cities
to conform to it, showing that they will be
required to make very large additional iron-
trestle works and bridges for the purpose of
getting to the bridge at this additional height,
and to procure the additional tracks in conse-
quence of this change, it will cost something
like nine hundred thousand dollars, if my rec-
ollection is correct. They are all contained
in papers before Senators. Here are these two
statements before us, one showing that if Con-
gress does exercise this power, and requires
this bridge company to raise its bridge thirty
feet above the height it was authorized to
build it, it will cost $288,695, as l understand
it, without reference to the additional cost
imposed to procure real estate beyond the
bridge and to make the necessary modifica-
tions to get to it.
• Now, sir, the amendment which I have pro-
posed takes the ground simply that this cor-
poration and its stockholders and bondholders
have vested rights in the bridge ; that tbey
invested their money upon the faith of Con-
gress that if the bridge was built in accordance
with its provisions their property was as secure
in it as it was in their houses and their lands.
Here are parties, among whom lam informed
are many citizens of Cincinnati and many citi-
zens ot Kentucky, all of whom have their pri-
vate means invested in this bridge, which is a
connecting link between two railways running
from Ohio to Kentucky, and the business of
which was calculated with reference to the
height it was authorized to he built. Here are
these citizens with their private means in-
vested in this bridge, reposing on the faith of
Congress that if the bridge was built in accord-
ance with the law their property was secure.
Now, it turns out that public interests require
that that bridge shall he built higher. It turns
out, indeed, when we look back to the Wheel-
ing bridge, to the- Steubenville bridge, to the
Bellaire bridge, and all these bridges, that
there has been a mistake from the beginning
by Congress on this question.
11 was supposed when the Steubenville bridge
and other bridges were before Congress that
no bridge could be built safely with a span
over three hundred feet; and that being the
case, the river "interests submitted to a regula-
tion which made the span three hundred leet.
But as we have progressed in improvement,
as our railways have rendered it necessary to
span other streams, we have found that a lour
hundred feet span is entirely sale ; and it is
now asserted, and £ believe with entire truth,
that by additional expense a five hundred feet
span can be made entirely safe.
Here, then, are bridges put in the Ohio river
by theauthority ot Congress, from Steubenville
down, ail ot which are built in exact conformity
with the law that authorized them, and all of
which are obstructions of the navigation of the
river, and all of which were complained of at
the very time the law was enacted under which
this report has been made. Here are bridges
that have not been all before us, and yet they
are all affected by this very question. I f, after
the Newport and Cincinnati bridge has pro
gressed so far to completion as to involve now
on the one side, it is alleged, $u00,000, and on
the other side $300,000 in addition, to modify
it as proposed, you can come in and say that
that modification .shall be made without com
pensation to the stockholders who are thus
injured, then you may begin at Steubenville,
and you may tear down every bridge from Steu
benvilledown, and destroy every dollar's worth
of property of every corporation or individual
that has been invested ia those bridges under
the act of Congress.
Are we ready to do that? As I have before
said, can the Government of the United States
afford- to set the example to its citizens of en-
couraging the expenditure of money by law,
and then ruthlessly stepping in and sweeping
away, by the inesponsible hand of power, the
property which was thus invested in pursuance
of law? Why, Mr. President, it is a principle
governing private rights that if I say to a man
" that is not my property,'' and in pursuance
of my saying so, he goes upon it and expends his
money'upon that which I disclaimed owning,
I shall not be permitted afterward even to
assert my right if I had it. I am estopped, and
properly estopped, from encouraging him to
expend his money, and then by virtue of a
superior title coming in and sweeping away
from him that which was invested upon the
faith of my word. Sir, if you propose to tear
down this Newport and Cincinnati bridge, or
to impose modifications in the arbitrary exer-
cise of power, the effect of which is to sweep
away private and vested rights, you set an ex-
ample which the people may properly appre-
hend will be followed hereafter ; and that is,
that vested rights will be disregarded, although
held under the sanction of the broad seal of
the United States. That is the point involved
in this case.
I heard some gentleman say this morning—
I think it was the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill]—who usually takes a very clear and
unbiased view of all questions, that it seemed
whenever a railroad company came into the
Senate the Government had no friends. Sir,
I care not whether it is a railroad company, or
an individual, or who it may be; this question
of thesacredness of vested rights is too impor-
tant in all civilized Governments to be thrown
out of courts, or out of senates, by any preju-
dices which may be raised either against indi-
viduals or corporations.
I agree that this is a great interest that is
involved. I have studied and looked at the
figures to which my friend from Ohio has re-
ferred, showing that there is more tonnage
on the Ohio river and its tributaries than on
all the Atlantic coast.. I have looked at the
figures showing that fifty million bushels of
bituminous coal cotne down the Monongahela,
and find.their way down to the Ohio river in
one year, and that that trade is constantly in-
creasing. I have looked at the change which
is being made in the mode of transporting that
coal down the Ohio river; and recognizing the
necessity for providing free and unobstructed
navigation on this great natural highway, I I
am willing to begin here and pledge the faith
ofthe Government that whatever has been done
in pursuance of law and is now found !o be an
obstruction to the navigation ot the river shall
be removed by the sanction of law and with
the preservation of the good faith ofthe Gov-
ernment. That is the piinciple which 1 wish
to have established hero and now.
There is another bridge I beiieve chartered
at Paducah ; there is either one built or in pro-
cess of being built at Louisville ; and when
we get this one case off our hands, which now
obtrudes itself upon us and demands settle-
ment, then for all future bridges that are to be
built upon any navigable siream in ihe United
States it will be a safe provision, and 1 mink
it ought to be a provision of general law—I
believe the engineers have reported some
general law analog.iu--, but I have dot had an
opportunity to see how far it conlorms willi
the one 1 olfered at the la*t session—it will be
a safe provision to insert that no bridge over a
navigable stream shall be built except utiuer
the superintendence of and with the approval
of an engineer of the War Department. Then
we shall be saved the trouble of applications
to Congress to interfere with structures of
this character in progress; we shall be saved
the necessity of sitting here day after day and
examining questions upon Voluminous evi-
dence which ought to be settled in the courts
of the country.
There are just two aspects of this case, and
I do not wish to take up tne lime of the Senaie
further in directing attention to them. One is
that which I have presented, which presents
an appeal to the sense of right and justice of
Congress; the other is, that if there is any
violation of the law of Congress those injured
have their remedy; and I have always under-
stood that this bridge company was desirous
that that remedy should be sought, so that this
question might be fairly presented, witnesses
examined upon cross examination, and the
whole question of whether they were conform-
ing, in every particular, to the law brcught
before the proper tribunal for adjudication.
As that has rrot been done, is it not fair to
presume—may we not fairly presume—that the
departures from the law ot Congress, if there
have been any, have been so immaterial as that
even a court ot equity could not interfere upon
an application for injunction and restrain the
progress of the work? Knowing as I do the
immense interests that are involved iu the
navigation of the Ohio, and that the question
would be brought before a judicial tribunal if
there were enough in it to secure success, I am
inclined to believe that if there be variations
from the law of Congiess they are so imma-
terial that success by that proceeding was
not believed to be possible, and therefore the
appeal is tjow made to Congress.
Taking the case, Mr. President, as one which
ought to be settled now, I have been willing
that it should be considered on this appropri-
ation bill, reluctant as I am to see questions
foreign to an appropriation bill brought in
upon it; but it is extremely desirable that it
should be settled now; and in the light of this
very brief r6sum& of the case, at a tune when
I know it is impossible to secure the attention
ofthe Senate to a case involving so many facts,
I confidently appeal to the Senate to do justice
to both parlies in this case. First, set. the pre-
cedent that if there are obstructions in the Ohio
river by the authority of Congress we will re-
move them at the expense ofthe Government;
and second, by doing so, we will secure the
great natural channel of transportation, the
Ohio river, to all interests that border upon
it, from its source to its month.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFF1CEB, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Chair understands the Senator
from Pennsylvania to offer his amendment?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
The PiiliSIDIN6 OFF 1CER. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. E bmuxdsJ raised thepoin
