1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of order upon it that it was excluded by the
thirtieth rale. Although there seems to be some
doubt on the subject, the Chair is of opinion
that the amount ot* money may be taken from
the Treasury by this provision without addi-
tional legislation, and therefore it is excluded
by the thirtieth rale. The Chair, as at present
filled, is very liable to error, and, if he is wrong,
the Chair will be very happy to be corrected.
Mr. SCOTT. How does the Chair decide?
The PRESIDING OFPICEE. The Chair
decides that the Senator's amendment is ex-
cluded by the thirtieth rule.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to call the attention
of the Chair and of the Senate to one fact. If
I have not embraced it in the amendment, I
intended it to be embraced, that when changes
are made the United States shall pay the
amount, not exceeding the sum there named.
It is not an appropriation of any definite sum;
there is no sum fixed ; but the compensation
shall be made not exceeding (and that, of
course, will be a matter of subsequent inquiry)
the amount reported by the engineers as re-
quired to make the change. In my own view,
it does not make an appropriation at this
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is very liable to err, and if the Senator objects
to the decision, the Chair will take the sense
of the Senate upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio is of a character which
certainly ought, if it is to be considered at all,
to be properly considered, and should be sub-
ject to any amendment which will do justice
between the parties. When the Senate voted
that the amendment should not be laid on the
table, I understood that, this whole subject
was to come up and be properly disposed of;
and I trust that no technical objection will now
be taken advantage of, if we are to dispose of
the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to pre-
vent avote on the amendment.
Mr. POMEliOY. If the Chair rules that
amendment out of order, I desire to submit
in lieu of that one which is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will first take the judgment of the Senate.
The question is, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate."
Mr. POMEROY. What does the Chair
decide?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that it is excluded by the thirtieth rule.
Mr. POMEROY. Nobody takes an appeal
from that decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Pennsylvania to
take an appeal.
Mr. SCOTT. Tf the Chair rules it out of
order 1 must submit to the decision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator
from Pennsylvania was asking the Chair, in-
stead of deciding it, to submit the question to
the Senate. If it is submitted in that form,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?" the Chair is well
aware of the disposition of the Senate to sus-
tainits Presiding Officer, and his decision would
not be reversed probably.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
then, willsubmit the question to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the question is sub-
mitted to the Senate whether they will receive
this amendment, each Senator will feel at lib-
erty to vote on this question as he pleases. But
I wish to make this suggestion to the Senate
on that point, if the Chair is inclined to sub-
mit the question to the Senate disembar-
rassed——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is great
force in what the Senator from Pennsylvania
has said. The amendment of the Senator
from Ohio brings this subject before the Sen-
ate. I am not prepared to say whether I shall
vote for the proposed amendment or not; but
i.t seems to me but fair to the Senate that an
amendment that is germane to the pending
amendment and connected with the subject-
matter of it. and which ought to be considered
in connection with it, should have the consid-
eration of the Senate; and I am sure the Sen-
ator from Ohio does not desire 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I wiil state that, in my judsment, accord-
ing to a strict ruling, this is not an appropria-
tion. No money would be paid under this
amendment except in pursuance of an appro-
priation subsequently made, first, because the
amount is not fixed, and next, there is no
appropriation. There is only one class of
words which by law is an appropriation of
money ; that is, the word "appropriated," or
authority to pay money out of the Treasury.
There is- no such authority in this amendment.
Therefore, however reluctant I might be to
differ with the Chair, I should feel bound to
vote that the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania is in order. I think it ought to
be considered in connection with this subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair proposes to
submit the question of order, without deciding
it from the Chair, to the Senate, as to whether
they will receive the amendment, and that will
allow us to vote on that question.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me state another reason
why it ought to be before the Senate. This
subject was partially considered in two com-
mittees, the legal aspect in one and the mat-
ter of fact partially in another. I appealed to
one of those committees to get the sanction
of the committee to put this in the form of an
appropriation; but, because the subject had
not been fully considered in that committee
and had been brought into the Senate to be
considered here, I could not succeed in getting
the recommendation of a standing committee
of the body, as required, to make a direct
appropriation. Now, here we are in the Sen-
ate considering this important measure, which
never went through the appropriate commit-
tee. If it had gone through that committee, I
have no doubt they would have authorized
the amendment to be made for the purpose of
raising the question. I certainly think it would
be unjust to exclude it when the subject is
before the Senate in this form.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President--—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will first state the question. The question is,
without any ruling on the part of the Chair,
Shall this amendment be admitted under the
thirtieth rule?"
Mr. COLE. I should like to have it reported.
Mr. POMEROY. We do not want to say
' under the thirtieth rule."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
rule.
Mr. POMEROY. That makes a point of
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to speak
on the point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the question be,
Shall the amendment be admitted? "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
desires to present it in such a shape that Sen-
ators will ^have no embarrassment in voting
upon it. The amendment will be read.
Ihe Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to add the following proviso :
Provid/d, That the additional cost required to
build said bridge in conformity to thechange hereby
required to be made shall be paid by the United
11 ™ t0 ,Sald oomPany, not exceeding the sum of
uw°' ™ amount estimated by the engineers of
the War Department as necessary to make the said
ciiange.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
is, " Will the Senate admit this amendment
as in order?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Onthatques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. That is a clearproposition to
bind the United States Government to pay i
$288,695, and it is to all intents and purposes
an appropriation. After you iiave adopted that
amendment, if anything further ia requisite to
get the money out of the Treasury it will be
merely form and nothing more. I supposed
this proposition would assume, eventually, this
shape. We see now a proposition to bind the
Government to the extentof nearly threehun-
dred thousand dollars, and we had a statement
from the Senator from Pennsylvania that the
other contingent or necessary expenses upon
the raising of this bridge would amount to
something like nine hundred thousand dollars.
As I understood him, that would be in addition
to this amount.
Mr. SCO IT. Oh, no.
Mr. COLIfi. Well, then, altogether$>900,000
will be required to cover the change that is
proposed in this bridge by this amendment to
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. SCO IT. The Senator misapprehends
it. This amendment limits it expressly to
$288,695, although the cost is alleged to be
§900,000.
Mr. COLE. Ah 1 This is the first grab.
Thi s is all that is demanded now. They will
come forward next year or at some subsequent
time with a claim of £600,000 for damages to
which they will allege they have been subjected
by the action of Congress that isproposednow.
Now, sir, two years ago, lacking only a very
few days, on the 3d of March, 1869, a resolu-
tion was passed authorizing a company to build
a bridge across the Ohio river. That resolu-
tion was put in a certain form, which has been
satisfactory up to a very late period. They are
required by the terms of the resolution to so
construct their bridge that it will not interfere
with the navigation and commerce of that
river. I will read from the last clause of that
resolution:
"But Congress reserves the right to withdraw the
assent hereby given in ease the free navigation of
said river shall at any time be substantially and
materially obstructed by any bridge to be erected
under the authority of this resolution, or to direct
the necessary modifications and alterations of said
bridge."
Under that language Congress has the right
to impose this change upon the company. The
proposition now is for Congress to impose the
change and pay the expense. It is but a strat-
agem, in my belief, to get this money out of
the Treasury of the United States. This com-
pany have no right to put au obstruction upon
the navigation of that river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator that the question be-
fore the Senate is the question of order, not
the merits of the amendment. •
Mr. COLE. I am reminded very properly
of that fact; but I wish to remind the Senate
at the same time of what they are doins, in mv
judgment.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. Onthis ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered. The
question is, " Is the amendment in order?"
Mr. POMEROY. Several Senators, and I
amongthem, want to vote for this amendment;
but it it is presented as a question of order we
cannot do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the question be,
u Will the Senate receive the amendment?"
Mr. POMEROY. If the Chair will put it to
the Senate whether they desire this amendment
to go on or not, I shall vote for it; but as a
question of order I cannot vote for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has no right to put it in that form, as the Sen-
ator knows very well.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ I think I can put a case
that will decide this question. Suppose we
adopt an amendment creating hall a do?,en
new offices. That creates a liability, but does
not make an appropriation, and is not subject
to the objection. Anybody can offer an amend-
ment to this bill proposing to make new offices.
Mr. POMEROY. Here is an amount of
money named, and an amount of money is
appropriated.
