1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it simply says a
certain amount of money shall be paid.
Mr. POMEROY. But if it is adopted ou
this bill it becomes a part of the text of the
bill, and the preceding portion of the bill pro-
vides for appropriations "of the following
sums," and this sum will be one of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
from Ohio a question to obtain his view oa this
matter? Suppose the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, in lieu of this amendment, had offered
a proviso that the change to be directed should
be made by the engineer officers of the United
States, making it a Government work, would
that be in order under the rule?
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume that would
be in order, because it is no appropriation of
money, although they could not execute that
order unless we should go further and appro-
priate that money. A mere legislative require-
ment, directing an officer to do this, that, or
the other, or creating offices and a future
liability, is not an appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 agree with the Sen-
ator. It seems to me such an amendment as
that would be better within the rule than this.
Now, if we are to vote upon the true meaning
and intention of the Senate's rule, and not
whether in spite of that rule we will receive the
amendment or not, I suggest that the rule would
be in less danger of violation if the amendment
were that this work should be done as a Gov-
ernment work, as a public work. The amend-
ment now is that a certain sum, not exceed-
ing a maximum fixed, shall in substance be
devoted to making this change or to reimburs-
ing the company for making the change. 1 do
not see in that case, 1 confess, quite so clearly
as I do in the other, that the rule would toler-
ate it; but if it is simply a direction that the
officers of the Government shall do it, then I
think the amendment would present the dis-
tinction which the honorable Senator from
Ohio refers to, and which seems to me to be a
valid distinction.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following as a
substitute for the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit to
the Senator from Kansas that I had the floor
when the Senator from Michigan yielded the
floor.
Mr. POMEROY. But the difficulty is the
Chair did not award the floor to the Senator.
If the Chair had done so, the Senator would
have the floor; but the Chair has awarded it
to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion pending is the question of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to submit an
amendment as a substitute for the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for information; but it cannot be enter-
tained until the question of order is decided.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe I have the
floor when that question is decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Michigan; but
he did not rise to this question.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps the Senator from
Pennsylvania willadopt the proposition I offer.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 will withdraw the amend-
ment that I offered, for the purpose of permit-
ting the substitute submitted by the Senator
from Kansas to be offered in its place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays having been ordered upon it, it
requires unanimous consent to withdraw the
amendment. The Chair hears no objection,
and the question of order will be waived and
tlie amendment withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not like
to be technical; but I rose and was recognized
by the Chair when the Senator from Michigan
yielded and this question of order came -up.
Now, I submit when the question of order is
disposed of I have a right to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont has just been recognized
by the Chair, not in virtue of having risen
before, but of having justrisen. The Senator
from Michigan rose and was recognized, but
he did not rise to the question then pending.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania had the right, with the consent of the
Senate, to withdraw his amendment and sub-
stitute another one before any other Senator
was entitled to the floor. He withdrew his
original amendment. The Senate made no
objection to it. The yeas and nays having been
ordered upon it, he could not do it without the
consent of the Senate; and now he says he
offers the amendment I have sent up as a sub-
stitute. That precludes the floor being given
to any other Senator until that is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Kansas is right. The
substitute will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That should this act require any ex-
pense to be incurred by the said company above that
required by existing law, the Secretary of War shall
ascertain the amoa-nt of such increased expense by
an examination and report from a board of engin-
eers of the War Department, and report the same
to Congress for an appropriation to be hereafter
made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just as bad as the
other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer a sub-
stitute for the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio and the amendment just proposed, and
I do it in answer to the speech of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an amendment
to an amendment pending now, and I do not
know how the Senator from Vermont can offer
his proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is
offered as a substitute for the entire amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. But the pending amend-
ment is an amendment by way of substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
read for information.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; let us hear
what it is.
The Chief Clerk read as follows r
And be it further enacted, That in a resolution
giving the assent of the United States to the con-
struction of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge,
approved March 3, 1869, the right was expressly
reserved by Congress to withdraw its assent m case
the free navigation of said river shall at any time be
substantially and materially obstructed, or to direct
the necessary modifications or alterations; and it
sufficiently appearing Ifoat the Newpoutand Cincin-
nati Bridge Company do contemplate a bridge that
will so obstruct the navigation of said river, and in
pursuance ot the ngtit reserved, as aforesaid, it is
hereby declared, that it shall be unlawful lor the
Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Company, or any
other ccmpany or person, to proceed in the erection
of the bridge now being constructed over the Ohio
river from the city of Cincinnati. Ohio, to the city of
Newport, Kentucky, unless the bridge shall be so
constructed, with or without a draw, that the chan-
nel span shall have under saidspan a clear headway,
at low water, of one hundred feet below the floor
beams suspended from the bottom posts: Provided,
That if said company shall not comply with the pro-
visions of this act within oneyear, orif'said company
shall in any way or manner present a claim tor
damages in consequence of the modifications herein
imposed upon them, in either case the assent ot
Congress given for the construction of said bridge
is hereby fully and forever withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CORBETT. Is it in order to speak now
upon the substitute offered by the Senator from
Vermont? „
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
now before the Senate. The pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CHANDLER. I may as well say what
I have to say upon that as any other point.
This whole questiou was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, as I stated the other-
day, and the committee devoted several ses-
sions to listening to arguments in the case.
The only question considered by that commit-
tee was the question of law, whether this bridge
was built in accordance with its charter. As
I stated the other day, there was a difference
of opinion in the committee as to that fact;
and we reported the matter back and bad it
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
upon the point of law. As I am informed, as
it appears by the report, that committee has
unanimously reported the case back and stated
that the bridge was being built in exact ac-
cordance with law. That is the way I under-
stand their report. There does not appear to
have been any dissenting voice in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The Committee on the
Judiciary has not reported that the bridge is
being built in exact accordance with law at all.
They were asked certain speeific questions.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I read the report,
it stated in specific terms that it was built ia
accordance with law.
Mr. THURMAN. No. The report states
that the company had the option to build either
a continuous span bridge or a draw-bridge.
Mr. CHANDLER,. Precisely.
Mr. THURMAN. So far as that is con-
cerned that is settled. The committee also
report that under the law as it now exists the
company is not bound to build a bridge, hav-
ing adopted the draw, more than seventy feet
above low-water mark.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely.
Mr. THORMAN. But the power is reserved
to Congress to compel them to alter it. We
answered no other questions than those. There
were other questions as to whether the bridge
was being built according to law, upon which
the Committee on the Judiciary expressed no
opinion at all. I have my own opinion that,
it is not built according to law ; but the river
interests are willingto pass that by if the bridge
is raised to a sufficient height.
Mr. CHANDLER. That only shows that
I was substantially correct in my view. It was
optional with the bridge company to build a con-
tinuous span of ninety feet in height or to build
a draw-bridge seventy feet above low-water
mark. There are great diversities of view with
regard to this self-satne bridge. If it is built in
accordance with law, if the company have con-
formed literally to their charter, thes if Con-
gress comes in and puts some other condition
on, of eourse Congress will be compelled to
make an appropriation to pay them for all the
losses that they may sustain by this change of
the law. It is true Congress reserved the right
to alter, amend, or repeal the act granting the
charter, as it does in every other case, but, as
was very properly said by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. [Mr. Scott,] if you can change
the structure of this bridge without paying the
loss, then you.can remove every bridge on the
Ohio river from Pittsburg t.o the mouth.
Mr. President, this is a question not for Con-
gress to decide. If the bridge is a nuisance,
the company must remove it because it is a
nuisance, and the courts will so decide. Let
the courts decide the case. Then there is no
responsibility on this Government to pay for
any loss that may accrue; but if Congress arbi-
trarily steps in and changes the law under
which the company are building this bridge,
then by every rule of equity and right Con-
gress should pay the cost of that change.
Mr. President, it is not in the power of that
company to maintain a nuisance on that river;
and if the bridge is a nuisance, let it be indicted
as a nuisance and removed as a nuisance, and
let the company not come to us to pay the
expense of the removal.
But, sir, there are two sides to this question
of nuisance. In the first place this span is
four hundred feet wide, which is one hundred
feet wider than any other span on the river.
The widest of the other spans is three hun-
dred feet.
