1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
should be rewarded for his infamous and false
denunciations of as honorable a ni;in as there
is in this country.
Now, f way be asked why Mr. Hanscom
resigned. I will tell you the reason. In the
first place, he is an honorable man and a man
of capacity, and he knew perfectly well that
the little bread that he and his wife—the only
family that he had—wanted he could git by
his own honest exertions. He knew that he
was hunted day by day, hour by hour, night
and day by the men who were against him,
and he knew that nothing in the way of honor-
able scrvice, nothing whatever, would shield
hitn from the injury and infamy that they sought
to heap upon him. What was the character
of his offense? Sir, I heard it said yester-
day and the day before by many members of
this House, and many in high position out of
th s House, that some of our naval engineers—
I think i heard some say many, but at any
rate 1 heard some say some connected with
the Navy—knew that the Tennessee, now on
her way to San Domingo or some other place,
was not sea-worthy, and that they weie not
willing to risk their lives in it; but I do not
understand that any engineer in the Navy
Department said to Mr. Wade, or to Presi-
dent White, or to Dr. Howe, or to the Depart-
ment, "It you take voyage in this vessel you
take it at the risk of your lives." If they
knew it,why did they not say it? Why did
they not tell some one of those three hun-
dred souls that have gone we know not where,
and know not how, that if they stepped their
feet upon the Tennessee they were in danger
of being lost forever? It was because they
were cowed; they were not in a situation
where men can give their honest opinions. I
make no charge against the Secretary of the
Navy of complicity, because I believe him to
be entirely free from it; but these men knew
that if they ran counter to the schemes or
propositions of the bureau men here they would
lose their places and reputations. Now, Mr.
Hanscom's offense was*that he didruncounter
to their plans. When the twenty light-draught
monitors were built Mr. Hauscom, with the
eye of an architect and the heart of a man,
"said to everybody, "They will sink;" and
he lost his place and character in that Depart-
ment, and the officers whose names have been
brought in here are stiil hounding him for the
purpose of keeping him out of his place.
Now, sir, it is necessary to our institutions j
that every man should feel that there is a time
when and a place where he can earn his bread
in other callings and other positions than
under the Government. And Mr. Hanscom
having been discredited on this account, on
account of these things, felt that he had better
look out for himself elsewhere. There is no
evidence whatever that any intimation of a
criminal act was presented or charged against
or even mentioned to him. He knew nothing
whatever of it. But he said: "1 am now a
free man; the world is wide and the field is
fur; I will see what I can do for myself."
Wo bad then a commerce; we had then ships
floating on every sea in every part of (he
world. He thought that he could apply his
great ability as a constructor of vessels to
the commercial marine. He went abroad ; he
examined everythingdoneby Governments and
by private contractors \ he examined all the
ship-yards in Europe ; and he came back, the
best-informed man upon the subject of com-
mercial and war marine construction that there
perhaps was in this country.
But when he returned to this country he
found that the commereeto which he proposed
to dedicate himself had been s«;ept from the
seas of the world in consequence of the inca-
pacity of the Government, or from some other
o «se, and he was therefore left without em-
payment. The Government heretofore em-
ployed him; the ships which he constructed
tO'4ay stand better than those which have
Immi constructed by any other man. He has
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 71.
been hounded out of the little place he held
in the navy-yard at Charlestown. He has been
sent out upon the world without means of sub-
sistence. And in addition to that, by winking
at the destruction of the commerce of the coun-
try, they have deprived him of any opportunity
to get employment in other pursuits.
That is his position now. When he returned
here he naturally asked that these charges
against his character should ba investigated.
We do not care about affidavits for him or
against him. We mean that this man's case
shall be thoroughly examined and that judg-
ment upon it shall be given by the people, and
not by any mere bureau officer. Mr. Hanscom
is one of many Hundreds or thousands of patri-
otic and honest men who have been cut down
by men holding places under the Government.
With the true spirit of honest citizens and of
patriots these injured men have waited for the
time when without detriment to the service
their cases can be investigated.
The case of Mr. Hanscom is the first on that
great docket to be tried by the people. And
we ask the House of Representatives* upon a
consideration of all these questions, to accord
to him the judgment to which he is entitled.
We do not care what may be his place upon
the list of engineers. What we want is a resti-
tution of this man's character. If this place
is given to him he will resign it in twenty-four
hours afterward if the Government desires him
to do so. But we want him to be restored ti
the place he then occupied, because we think
it belongs to him as a matter of right.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman will
not press that call now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let there be some
time for discussing this measure.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will yield after
the previous question has been sectyided and
the main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that this
joint resolution belaid on the table.
Mr. ARCHER. On. that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; aodthere were—ayes 15, noes
88 ; not one fifth in the affirmative.
Before the reaultof the vot® was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on
the yeas.and nays.
Upon ordering tellers there were thirteen in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The y£as and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The motion to lay the joint resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 98, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; which was
upon ordering the bill to be read a third
time.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SARGENT. As the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] is now en-
titled to an hour to close the debate, I hope
he will yield to me for a short time.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the gentleman
had yielded gracefully I would have given him
time; but he has opposed the bill all the way
through.
Mr. SARGENT, I rise to a point of order.
When a gentleman rises on this floor and says
he will give time for discussion is it within
the rules of the House for him to forfeit the
promise?
The SPEAKER. That is not- a point of
order; it is a personal point between the two
gentlemen concerned.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I make the point
personally.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the gentleman
claims that he is entitled to five minutes under
any promise of mine, I am perfectly willing t 
yield him that time. [Criesof "Ob, not"
"Let us vote!"]
Mr. SARGENT, I claim the fulfillment of
I am entirely
willing to yield ; but gentlemen around me say
that we must have a vote.
Mr. SARGEN1'. The gentleman has power
to keep his word; he may do as he pieases.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
had power to keep his word; but he went back
on his own statement.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not go back on any-
thing. I have fought this bill consistently, and
shall do it to the end.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield five min-
utes to the gentleman.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I think the
House had better reflect a little before putting
this bill through on a stump speech. I do not
know why it is on occasions like this thatdeep-
seated hatred between our late military and
naval officers crops out in language which is
extravagant if not indecent, W hen a man has
rendered great service to the flag, as Admiral
Porter has, we might at least overlook some
imperfections in his character; and it seems
to me those services are entitled to a fair rec-
ognition on this floor. That, however, is a
matter of taste. If gentlemen see fit to scold
like drabs against brother officers I shall not
mix in their quarrels.
But Admiral Porter is not to be connected
with this matter. What his opinions are in
regard to it I neither know nor care; but I
think the gentlemen who advocate the passaga
of this bill ought to explain how it was that
when the notes given by Wiggin and indorsed
at Hanscom's request to Maeomber were ia
the Navy Department—the very notes which
are referred to in these affidavits, and the tes-
timony upon which is abundant—Mr. Hans-
com resigned before an investigation could be
had, as Mr. Goliaday resigned his seat in this
House before we could investigate his case.
If gentlemen undertake to say that under
those circumstances Hanscom's resignation is
not to be considered as mac 3 in view of those
charges and of that testimony, then I say
they are entirely illogical in any such posi-
tion. I have the right as a member of this
House to refuse to vote that a man is entitled
to precedence over every other of his fellows,
that he is entitled to put other men below him,
men of unstained character, when it appears
he himself resigned under the circumstances
mentioned. Is it not enough to put us to the
inquiry ?
Suppose this man has tho great brains and
experience spoken of, why did he not remain
in the naval service? Wh;<, the gentleman
from Massachusetts states je was threatened
with removal from the Charlestown navy-yard!
Mr. Speaker, the pay of a naval constructor
runs on whether he is in the Charlestown
navy-yard or any other navy-yard or not, and
at the same rate. Furthern ore, he could not
without crime on his own part be removed
from his office. There was no power on th«
part of the Secretary of the Navy at that time
or on the part of anybody 'ilse on this earth,
provided he himself remained an honest man,
to remove him from office. It was an office
for life, and his pay to purchase bread for his
family, to which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has so pathetically referred, would
not be at all diminished by the Department
removing him from one navy-yard to another,
or keeping him from employment in either.
Now, in explanation of his removal, the
gentleman from Massachusetts conjures up a
great frame-work of conspiracy; that the Sec-
retary of the Navy desired to get rid of this
man on account of some unpalatable advice
