1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. MORTON. No; one is four hundred
and fifteen feet, at Louisville.
Mr. C HAND LB it. I meant above Cin-
cinnati.
Mr. MORTON. Yes.
Mr. CHANDLER. So that every single tow
of coal barges that passes tinder this bridge has
to pass under a bridge one hundred feet nar-
rower in span than this.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to be cor-
rected it' I am.
Mr. THURMAN. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company, without being required by
law, but because it was deemed that the navi-
gation required it, built their spans three hun-
dred and fifty feet instead of three hundred.
Mr. CHANDLER. I a:n very glad to be
corrected.
Mr. SCOTT. I will inform the Senator from
Ohio that that extension vtas obtained by the
Pittsburg coal men paying the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company $30,000.
Mr. THURMAN. i know they helped to
pay fur doing it.
ilr. CHANDLER. Now, Mr. President,
let us look for a moment at this question of
nuisance. This bridge is seventy feet above
low water mark and only ten feet above the
extreme high-water mark. It was in evidence
before the Committee 011 Commerce—1 am
simply speaking from recollection, and i may
be mistaken as to the number of days ; but my
impression is that it was three and three quar-
ter days during the last twenty five years that
the water has stood at that point; less than a
fraction over an hour a year.
Mr. SHERMAN, i wish the Senator would
repeat that statement.
"Mr. CHANDLER. I say I speak from
recollection, that the water had stood during
the past twenty live years at the highest point
only 1 hree and tin ee quarter days. That i  my
recollectiofi. The honorable Senator from
Otegon [Mr. CoubicttJ sujs my recollection
is correct-
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true, and at the
average stage of water at the best navigation of
the river for ninety five days, according to the
repoit of the engineers, no steamboat 011 the
O1110 river could go under the continuous span
of this bridge.
Mr. CilAN DLER. I am coming to that in
a moment, it is in evidence befoie the com-
mittee that there are only nine and a half days
in the year on an average when there are not
twenty live feet in the clear from the top of
the water to the bottom of t-he biidge ; and it
is likewise in evidence before the committee
that it. is not necessary to have more than
twenty-five feet of elevation to a tug. There
are only nine ami a lialf days iu the year 011
an aveiage when there are not twenty five
feet in the clear for these barges to pass under
the bridge. Now, is it a very great hardship
for these tugs nine and a half dajsin the year
to use that draw? The span is four hundred
feet wide. 1 submit that this bridge cannot
be considered a nuisance, if the testimony
taken before the Committee on Commerce be
correct; and 1 think it is but justice to this
case that the argument made before the Com-
mittee on Commerce should be submitted to
the Senate. There are facts here which should
be known to the Senate before it votes such a
measure as this.
'In my humble judgment, Mr. President, if
we vote to put this bridge bill upon this appro-
priation bill, it will cost the Treasury of the
United Stales $1)000,000 before it gets through
paying the damages. The estimate of the en-
gineers of the bridge places the cost at between
nine hundred thousand and one million dollars
for making the change. I ask the Clerk to
read the argument which was made before the
Committee on Commeice on this question, and
I ask the careful attention of ttie Senate to
that argument, for it is a very able one. I
send it to the desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Sena-
tor from Michigan ought, to ask for tbe reading
of that long argument of Mr. Matthews.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take long.
The argument is not the whole of the book
which 1 have sent to the desk ; it is only eight
or ten pages of it. It is a very able argument,
and I am sure the Senate will be pleased to
hear it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly he is a
very able attorney in Cincinnati, and made a
good argument, no doubt, in favor of the
bridge company.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is only a few pages
of the book.
Mr. COLE. The reading of that book will
consume pretty much the rest of the session.
Mr. CHANDLER. My judgment is that
had this question been referred back to the
Committee on Commerce, with the opinion of
the Judiciary Committee that the bridge had
been built in accordance with law, the Com-
mittee on Commerce would have reported
against this proposition. That is my judg-
ment; and therefore I think it is but right
and just and proper that the Senate, inasmuch
as it is to take tlie action that the committee
would have taken, should listen to the argu-
ment to which tlie committee listened.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the report of the
engineers covering the same ground. It would
be unreasonable to ask that this argument-be
read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will read it myself,
then, as a part of my speech if there is any
objection to the Secretary reading it. It should
be remembered that we are legislating on
bridges now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; this is a bridge
bill, not an appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. If this is not an appro-
priation bill the thirtieth rule does not apply.
1 should like to know whether this is an appro-
priation bill. If it lias become anything else
the thirtieth rule does not apply.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The thirtieth rule does
not apply to the speech of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. COLE. If there is to be any discus-
sion I renew my motion, if it is in time now; to
lay the amendment on the table. I include in
this? motion both the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield for that motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; I yield for
that motion.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that that motion be
withdrawn for a minute or two.
Mr. COLE. 1 atn afraid that if I withdraw
the motion the Senator from Indiana, with
his persuasive powers, may prevent the Sen-
ate from laying the amendment 011 the table.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps there is not much
danger of that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his motion?
it is not debatable.
Mr. COLE, i suppose I must withdraw it
for the accommodation of the Senator from
Indiana. I cannot resist his appeal.
Mr. MORTON. Then, Mr. President, I
desire to say  
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave way for a motion,
to lay on the table. If that motion is not to
be made I desire to go on with my remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. Then, if the Senator will allow
me, I will renew the motion if I can, if I am
iu time in doing so now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield for that purpose?
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield for that pur-
pose, and that aloue. The motion is, I be-
lieve, that the amendment lie ou the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is this a motion to lay
all the amendments on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Both the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio and the
amendment to that amendment of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I am paired with the Senator
from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer.} If he were
present he would vote to lay this proposition on
the table; I should vote against it.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 34, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole. Conk-
ling, Corbett, Oragin, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, llanilm, Howard, Howe, How-
ell, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey. Robertson. Sprague.
Stearns, Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, Vickers, and
Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Casserly,
Eowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Hill,
Johnston, Kellogg, McUreery, Miller, Morton. Rev-
els, Itoss, Saulsbury. Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spen-
cer, 'Phurman, and Willey—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cattell, Davis, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pool, Rice,
Sawyer, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Yates—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that when
the hill is reported to the Senate I will offer
the amendment again.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment, which I offered on Saturday last
and then withdrew. At the end of the proviso
oh page 3, line fifty-six, I propose to insert;
Provided /wrfAer.'That such envelopes shall not bet
transmitted by mail without an additional charge of
one dollar per thousand for tiansportation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope tbe Senate will
not accept that amendment. Heretofore the
Department has been in the habit of distribut-
ing stamped envelopes without charge, selling
them at a certain price. The transportation
entel-ed into the general price of envelopes,
without any specific charge for that item, and
they are so regularly distributed over the coun-
try that they do not burden the mails. Their
movement is not very great and would hardly
be noticed ; but it is very important to the De-
partment to be able to send out these envelopes
to different parts of the country. The Depart-
ment has always sought to extend as far as
possible the use of stamped envelopes among
the people. They lead to greater security
than the use of the simple mucilage stamp,
they cannot be detached from the letter, ami
when once used there is no possibility of their
being used again. The very breaking of the
envelope destroys and cancels the stamp.
It is in every way a most economical im-
provement, very useful to the Government,
and has been in use ever since 18o2; and this
little matter of the request printed on the en-
velope has been in pursuance of a law of 1804.
It is against the judgment of the Department,
and,i think, of all those who have given much
attention to the improvement of the postal
service, to destroy the distribution of stamped
envelopes. The tendency of the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut would be to
do that. The Department do not ask for this
provision. This additional charge for trans-
portation, which costs them nothing, or com-
paratively nothing, would have the effect sim-
ply to decrease the sale of stamped envelopes.
There is no ground for the great hue and cry
that the envelope manufacturers are making
against the distribution of stamped envelopes
by the Department, for, after all, the stamped
envelopes are but one sixth of the many mil-
lions of envelopes that pass through the mails.
Of the millions of letters that pass through the
post office only onesixth pass underastamped
envelope. The thousands of millions that are
otherwise used are manufactured by these men ;
so that there is plenty of room for competition
and for them to make fortunes. But one sixth
of the letters in the mails pass under stamped
