1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
this officer. His letter is on the records of the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thegentlemanshould
have learned a long time ago the truth of the
remark once made by Justice Dogberry, "that
comparisons are odorous." [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. Is that the judicial authority
of thegentleman from Illinois? [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am surprised that
some gentlemen on the floor of this House
should be iraducing the character and fame
and glory that Admiral Porter has won. "Com-
parisons are odorous," said Justice Dogberry.
Admiral Porter has made a record during the
last war that will live forever. The records of
some gentlemen whs traduce him, I fear they
might wish would not live forever. I do not
like, wheu a man is under a supposed cloud,
by reason of writing an ill considered letter,
or some circumstance of that sort, I do not
like to see it seized upon, and because for the
time being, forsooth, he is under a cloud of
unpopularity, especially at headquarters, for
the purpose of trampling him under foot. Sir,
the record that Admiral Porter has made dur-
ing the late war will compare favorably with
the record of Ehe military gentlemen here who
traduce him. That is all I have to say.
Air. STARKWEATHER. I believe the gen-
tlemen on the other side have been fully heard;
and I now yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
sorry, Mr. Speaker, that I shall not be able
to make myself heard, from an unaccustomed
defect of voice. I desire, calmly and dispas-
sionately as I tnay, to state to the House the
provisions of this bill and the condition of
the officer to whom it refers. The bill is one
enabling the President, if after an examination
he see cause, to restore William L. Hanscom to
the place in the Navy he held prior to his resig-
nation. That cannot be done without an act
of Congress. Although Hanscom may be the
highest in intellect of all on the list, the ablest
man there, unless we pass an act he must take
only, if appointed, the place of the lowest on
the list in rank and pay. There is no gentle-
man ou this floor, and very few of the other
kinds oi people here, but what knows that he
cannot be appointed to a higher place than
the oue now open to him, as to everybody
else, without, an enabling act of Congress.
William L. Hanscom was a citizen of the
county in which 1 have lived for the most of
my life. 1 have known him as an honorable,
high-minded man; I have known him as one
ot the very ablcs-t naval constructors in this
country. And I agree with my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of this House, that it
was his transcendent ability that caused that
committee, after considering the whole evi-
dence, to report the extraordinary measure
they have reported, to give him this high place.
Let me call the attention of the House to
the fact that that able committee never would
have listened to an argument as to the ability
of this man until they had discussed theques
tion of iutegrity and established the fact that
he was a man of integrity, so that they might
utilize hi3 ability to the country. This case
of Mr. Hanscom has been fully examined by
the Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate,
the eyes and ears of the Senate in that behalf,
and for nearly a year past it has been under
examination by the Committee on Naval Affairs
of this House.
I want just here to correct my friend from
Maine [Mr. Hale] in one particular; that is,
that the Navy Department sent no testimony
in opposition to Hanscom to our Naval Com-
mittee until the committee asked for it. I
hold in my hand the letter written by Admiral
Porter which was read at the opening of this
distussion. That letter was a voluntary letter
■which Admiral Porter sent to the committee
almost as soon as this joint resolution had
been referred to them. This joint resolution
passed the Senate on the 26th of January,
1870, and on the 31st of March, 1870, here is
the volunteer letter of Admiral Porter, inclos-
ing a remembered copy of an affidavit with
which to attack Mr. Hanscom.
This is no new quarrel between Mr. Hans-
com and Admiral Porter. Admiral Porter was
a young lieutenant at the Portsmouth navy-
yard, and William L. Hanscom was the naval
constructor there many years ago. The civ-
ilian and the young martinet there came in
contact, and the civilian stood for his rights
as an American citizen, and there was laid the
foundation of an enmity that has lasted a life-
time, and will probably last forever. And Mr.
Hanscom believes that from that hour he has
been hunted by Admiral Porter in every con-
ceivable way. In 1861 my former colleague,
Mr. Gooch, a staunch Republican, represent-
ing the district now represented by my col-
league, [Mr. Banks.] as he has assured me
personally as well as the Committee on Naval
Affairs, nominated this man Wiggin, who tes-
tifies in this ex parte affidavit that he bought
his place of Hanscom, for the place he got,
without any solicitation from or interference
on the part of Mr. Hanscom.
Mr. ARCHER. I desire to say that Admiral
Porter, a3 Assistant Secretary of the Navy, did
not make that communication until I, as a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
asked him whether it was proper that this man
should be restored, aud requested him, as
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, to make a
communication to the Naval Committee.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] said that the Committee on Naval
Affairs had not called ou the Navy Department
for this information.
Mr. ARCHER. I, as a member of the com-
mittee, went to the Department and called for
this information, as is customary with mem-
bers of the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was a kind of
back-door arrangement.
Mr. BU L'LER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. HALE. I said the Department sent
no information to the committee until the com-
mittee or some member of it called for it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All I
can say is that this letter came signed "D. D.
Porter," without any official signature what-
ever. D. D. Porter never was officially Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy. He was once offi-
ciously Assistant Secretary of the Navy, but
never in any other light or character.
Mr. ARCHER. He was so recognized.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He was
not recognized as such by any law. No mem-
ber of Congress ought to have so recognized
him. And he now has left the place he never
ought to have been supposed to hold.
Mr. BANKS. I will tell the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Archer] how Porter was recog-
nized as Assistant Secretary. I went once, a3
a member of this House, to the Navy Depart-
ment to ask of the Secretary a favor. As I
went in, Admiral Porter had just gone out,
and he said to me, " Why the devil don't you
ask Admiral Porter?" [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDR1DGE. " Why the devil didn't
you ask Admiral Porter?"
Mr. BANKS. He had gone out.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
whether that was the present or the former
Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. BANKS. It was not the present Sec-
retary. I have the highest respect for the
present Secretary, and I believe he is en-
deavoring to reform these abuses of which we
complain.
Mr. BUTLBR, of Massachusetts. I must
decline to be further interrupted, because I
am endeavoring to present a connected series
of facts.
In 1861, Mr. Hanscom was stationed as
naval constructor at the navy-yard at Charles-
town, and there received great commendation.
Nothing was so laborious as not to be put
upon him; nothing was so intricate as not to
be submitted to his judgment. He stood high
in the opinion of the Department until he un-
fortunately predicted that the small monitors
would notswim but would sink; he made that
opinion known to the Department, saying
that these monitors were not safe as sea-boats.
When it was found that his opinion was sus-
tained by the facts, he unfortunately said, '"I
told you so." Thereupon he was relieved from
duty at the Charlestowa yard. And what was
done with him? lean answer the question why
he resigned. He was relieved from duty at the
Charlestown yard, and in 1866, in the midst of
the yellow-fever season, was ordered t® Pen-
sacola, where no ship was to be built or could
be built, for there was nothing to build one
with. This order was in accordance with the
old naval way of punishing an obnoxious man
by sending him to the coast of Afriea to catch
theyellowfeverandsotobegotrid of. [Laugh-
ter.] He was ordered to Pensacola.
I nowxall on my friend from the Boston
district, [Mr. Hooper,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to say whether
1 am not correct in the fact I am about to state.
When this order was issued Mr. Hanscom went
to my colleague [Mr. Hooper] and said to him,
" What shall I do? I am ordered from Boston,
from a climate where I have lived all my life,
to Pensacola. I can do nothing there; there
is nothing to be done there but to die. This
order is issued on purpose to disgrace me and
if possible to kill me. What shall I do?" He
was then and there advised that he could
resign if he chose.
There is not a scintilla of evidence that at
that time these charges had ever been heard
of by Mr. Hanscom. There is not in the Navy
Department any evidence that they ever re-
ceived a note, a letter, a word in reference to
these charges now made here previous to his
resignation. It was in 1881 that this occur-
rence is supposed to have taken place. For
five years after that he did his duty to his
country manfully, patriotically, and ably.
Then he resigned, and went abroad to ex-
amine the naval architecture of foreign coun
tries; so that in the mean time he had been
learning more thau any one of our naval
architects at home, and was therefore fully
competent to be reinstated in the place which
he left. He had kept up his studies ; he was
well versed in the knowledge requisite for his
profession, and this, as has been stated, is one
reason why the committee has reported in his
favor. He then came here, after Mr. Welles,
his enemy, was out of office, and asked to be
restored; but found his other enemy, David
D. Porter, had crept in. Then came this
contest. This Mr. Wiggin was brought for-
ward to make this affidavit. Then Mr. Gooch
came forward and made counter-statements.
Then a colleague of mine, who has not spoken
on this subject, and who knew Mr. Wiggin,
came before the committee and described the
character of this witness, Wiggin, showing how
far he could be relied on as a truthful man.
There were other counter-affidavits ; and Mr.
Hanscom on his oath denied this whole trans-
action as started by Mr. Wiggin.
While upon this point let me tell gentlemen
of this House that there is nothing so danger-
ous as trying men by affidavits, if I should
produce my bundle of affidavits, and these
statements were taken to be true, there are
some gentlemen who have spoken on this sub-
ject who would be hanged without judge or
jury. [Laughter.] When men are tried on
evidence of this kind, when their characters
are to be traduced, their fair fame destroyed,
their rights swept away, upon ex parte affida-
vits produced by Government officials, sworn
to by their underlings, God save the Republic!
Under sush a procedure no man would be safe.
Under these circumstances no one opposes
him. The Secretary of the Navjr does not.
The Committee on Naval Affairs of this Hous«
