1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
envelopes; so that the envelope manufacturers
have no cause for complaint..
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The manufacturers
of envelopes think they have a cause for com-
plaint. i am somewhat, surprised at the state-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota that it
costs nothing to transport envelopes by mail.
I had the impression tliat complaints had been
made, and even by the Senator himself, repeat-
edly, that the mails are overburdened with
matter which goes free, and that it is in con-
sequence of the free matter transmitted by mail
that there is so much expense in the mail ser-
vice. My object is in part to relieve the Gov-
ernment of that cost, so that if it shall trans-
port envelopes by mail, and those shall receive
them who are benefited by their transporta-
tion, the compensation paid shall supply what
would otherwise be a deficiency.
Here are manufacturers of envelopes in
different parts of the country, and the Gov-
ernment comes in to compete with them. It
not only competes with them in the manufac-
ture of envelopes, but it proposes to transport
the envelopes when manufactured all over the
country without charge. I ask if that is not a
direct interference with the business of the
people, or rather if it will not surely break
down the business of men engaged in the man-
ufacture of envelopes. I can see no other re-
sult. It is stated by some who have made an
estimate that it- coststhe Governmentto trans-
port these envelopes at the rate of $1 65 per
thousand, and there are sold, if I am rightly
informed, eighty six millions of these envel-
opes. The price which I propose to add to
the cost of the envelopes is only one dollar
per thousand. That will enable the Govern-
ment to transfer the envelopes to the distant
sections of the country at alower rate perhaps
than persons could get tbem by express ; but
it might also be a higher charge than would
be made by express for transporting them a
short distance. This would be a discrimina-
tion, if at ali, in favor of those who occupy
those parts of the country which are sparsely
settled, and it would be for their benefit, rather
than for the benefit of the densely populated
parts of the country.
My objection to the whole system, though,
is that it is a competition on the part of the
Government in the express business. It is
transportation by the Government, free of cost,
of matter the transpor ation of which costs it
something, and thus it tends to break down a
regular business in the country.
Mr. RAMSEY. In 1870 the value of post-
age stamps sold by the Department amounted
to £513,970,708, or nearly fourteen millions,
while the total amount of plain stamped envel-
opes sold was m value $1,297,159, and of the
request stamp envelopes $>1,084,250, or about
two and a quarter million dollars altogether
of stamped envelopes against $14,000,000 of
ordinary stamps. Now, if you destroy the man-
ufacture by the Government of these stamped
envelopes, you will put it in the power of the
gieat manufacturers of envelopes in the coun-
try to put up their prices ; and they will do it,
as they have, done heretofore, and they wilt
furnish the people an inferior envelope at a
larger price. By the present system you get
in the remotest quarters of the country, where
there is no possibility of having an envelope-
manufacturing establishment, the best envel-
opes that the price paid can furnish. It is
true it may be different in the manufacturing
districts near where my friend from Connec-
ticut lives. It may be that in his vicinity, in
the neighborhood of New York and Phila-
delphia, the people will continue to get good
envelopes; but in other parts of the country
they will get inferior envelopes at a larger
price. I move that this amendment be laid
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves that the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut be laid on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. STEARNS. Mr. President—-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
not debatable.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will withdraw the motion
to accommodate my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the motion to lay on the table will
be regarded as withdrawn, although the yeas
and nays have been ordered on it.
Mr. STEARNS. 1 dislike to take up the
time of the Senate, but I feel considerable
interest in this question even if it is a small
question in the estimation of many.
The inquiry naturally arises, why does the
Government manufacture these envelopes at
all? The only answer would be that it is be-
cause the Department desires that they should
come into general use. That is the only reason
which can be given. It is in itself, according
to the doctrine of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, an interference with the business of those
who are manufacturing envelopes. There is
no good reason why the Department should
manufacture them at all, except that it desires
them to come into general use. Why does it
desire them to come into general use ? The
reasons have already been given by mv col-
league. It is because they prevent fraud in
the use of stamps; because by printing on them
requests to return we keep a great many let-
ters from the dead letter office. Now, why
should we legislate for the manufacture of
these envelopes in order to bring them into
general use and then throw obstructions into
the way of bringing them into general use,
thus actually neutralizing our own action iu
the same bill ?
Then is there any justice in it? The De-
partment undertakes to furnish the people
with stamped envelopes. Why should the
people of Washington and vicinity have those
envelopes any more cheaply than the people
of remote districts? The Department here-
tofore, I believe, has always furnished the
stamped envelopes at the same price to the
people in all parts of the country.
But it is said it costs something to carry these
envelopes through the mail. Why, sir, the bill
as it already stands provides for the Govern-
ment charging a profit of ten per cent, over and
above the cost of these envelopes. Now, who
has to suffer by it? Every dollar paid out by
the Government for envelopes brings back
§1 10, a profit of ten per cent., which covers
all the expense of transportation.
Then, sir, the interests of the Treasury re-
quire that as many of these envelopes as pos-
sible shall be distributed among the people,
and the interests of the people, the convenience
of the people, demand the use of these envel-
opes ; the interests of the Department require
that these envelopes should come into general
use. Then, why should we by this small item
of legislation, after expending money to man-
ufacture these envelopes, throw in their way a
hinderance to their coming into general use?
Why charge for carrying them through the
mails more than we charge forcarrying printed
matter? It seems to me that by this course
we legislate, and then legislate in the same
bill to neutralize our action. By adopting this
amendment we legislate against the interests
of the Treasury, against the interests of the
Department, and against the interests of the
people, and in the interests of, perhaps, the local
envelope makers in New York and Philadel-
phia. Shall one single interest of that kind
weigh against the interests of the Treasury and
the interests of the people? It seems to me
that is the question which is before us.
Mr. RAMSEY. I renew the motion that
the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish to make a
single remark, if the Senator will withdraw
that motion for a moment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly I withdraw it, if
the Senator will renew it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If the Senator in-
sists on that I, will lenew it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state that the
bill provides, as the Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Stearns]says,to add ten percent, upon
the actual cost, but it does not provide to add
ten per cent, to the actual costof the envelope
and transportation. The Government may buy
its envelopes iu the city of New York and send
them to Wisconsin ; and the price in Wiscon-
sin is ten per cent, over and above the cost iu
NewY'ork, and nothing added for transporta-
tion. My amendment proposes to add to the
cost in New York one dollar a thousand for
transportation going anywhere in the country.
I renew the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota as I promised to do, though I shall vote
against it, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays will be regarded as ordered on the mo-
tion to lay on the table, which has been twice
renewed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Chandler, Cole,
Edmunds, Kenton, Flanagan, Gilbert. Harlan, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice. Sherman,
Sprague, Stearns, Willey, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs, Ames, Bayard, Buckingham, Cas-
seriy, Oonkling, Corbett, I)avis, i'owler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Ross!, Sauis-
bury. Scott, Stewart, Xipton, and Viewers—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow.
Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Crasin, Ferry,_ Ham-
lin, llowell, Kellogg, McDonald, Miller, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye, Ouborn, Patterson, Pool, Ram-
sey, Revels, Robertson, Sawyer. Schnrz, Speneer,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Ttiurman, Xruoibull,
Warner, Williams, and Yates—33.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senatorfrom Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 have voted against
laying this amendment on the table, not be-
cause I was in favor of the ameadment, and if
it comes to a direct vote I shall vote against
the amendment, just as I voted this morning
against laying on the table the amendment rel-
ative to the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
line, although I should have voted against the
subsidy if ttie question had come to a direct
vote. I shall vote hereafter against laying any
amendment on the table, for ttie simple reason
that I am opposed to the rule adopted on that
subject. I believe every amendment should
receive full consideration at the hands of the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to take up
time. I was opposed to this amendment on
the ground that it ought not to go on this
bill j but as the Senate have decided that it
is proper to consider it here, then I am for it.
I merely state that in explanation of my votes.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were on a division—ayes 19, noes 21.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM called for the yeas
•and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have the
proviso read to which this amendment is
offered.
The Chief Cleek. The whole clause as
amended now is:
For manufacture of postage-stamped envelopes
and newspaper wrappers, $414,200: Ptvvided, That
no envelope shall contain any lithographing or en-
graviug, and no printing, except a printed request
to return the letter to the writer: And provided
further, That the manufacture of such envelopes
shall be let by contract to the lowest responsible
bidder, who shall not have previously defrauded or
been in default to the Government, upon samples
to be furnished by thePostmaster General, and aliall
be furnished by the Government at ten per eent.
above actual cost.
It is proposed to add now this proviso:
And provided further. That such envelopes shall
not be transmitted by mail without an additional
charge of one dollar por thousand for transport-
ation.
