1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
to make further provision in relation to the
courts of the United States in said State; and
moved that the bill be ordered to be printed
and recommitted to the committee, not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FliO.U THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, one of bis secretaries, informed
the House -that the President had approved
and signed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2287) to amend section
twenty-two of an act entitled " An act further
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18, 1866;
An act (H. ii. No. 2537) for the relief of John
Kelly, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for the
reissue of certain bonds, &c.; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 449) to exempt
certain boats from the payment of marine hos-
pital dues, and for other purposes.
order of bbsiness.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business npon
the Speaker's table.
The SPE A KE R. That is a privileged motion.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Is it not a priv-
ileged motion to move to go into Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The highest privileged
motion is a motion to proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table, but during its pendency
amotion to go into Committee of the Whole can
be made and the House can choose between
them.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Then I move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to say that if the motion of the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] shall fail, as I
hope it will uot. I shall move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. COX. 1 hope the gentleman from Wis-
consin will bring up the naval appropriation
biil and dispose of it.
The SPEAKER. Neither of the pending
motions is debatable.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Cobb, of Wisconsin; and there were—
ayes 53, noes 59; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cobb, of Wis-
consin, and Mr. Wilkinson were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 54, noes 80.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Wilkinson's
motion.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. What would be the first bill
to be considered if the House should proceed
to business on the Speaker's table?
Mr. RANDALL. There are twenty or thirty
land-grant bills there.
Mr. HOLMAN. The table is loaded with
land-grant bills.
The SPEAKER The inquiry of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] is not a par-
liamentary inquiry. The Chair will advise
gentlemen that the daily order of business is
published every Monday in such a pamphlet
as the Chair holds in his hand. Any gentle-
man can have it at his desk and see the precise
condition of the business on the Speaker's
table at any time.
Mt. CULLOM. The object of my inquiry
wtw to know if there were any railroad bills.
The SPEAKER. That question would be
in the nature of argument, and the Chair would
no'; feel at liberty to answer it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it in order to move that
the House resolve itselt into Committee ot the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
Order, the naval appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 87, noes 41.
naval appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and resumed the consideration of the
bill (fit. R. No. 2789) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1872. and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
was last in session it had under consideration
the paragraph in the bill, "for experiments in
ordnance, $25,000." The gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Conner] moved to strike out
"$25,000" and insert "$100,000."
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the construction of two iron-plated torpedo
boats, $600,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
paragraph for the purpose of asking some ex-
planation in regard to it. I wa,nt to call the
attention of the committee at this point to the
fact that it is proposed by this bill to appro-
priate nearly seven hundred thousand dollars
for experiments with torpedoes and torpedo
boats. Having given some little attention to
this matter of torpedoes as a means of coast
defense and naval operations, I am, for one,
prepared to sustain whatever upon represent-
ation and discussion may be deemed neces-
sary to carry out the views of the Navy upon
that subject and to perfect the plans which
they have now under consideration. This is a
very large sum, however, and I think the atten-.
tion of the committee should be called to it,
ill order that they may learn from the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] who
has charge of this bill, what has been the pro-
gress of the experiments with torpedoes, and
upon what ground this large appropriation is
now demanded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
endeavor to explain, as well as I can, the
reason for this appropriation. The Commit-
tee of the Whole are aware that the Navy has
been engaged for someyears in making experi-
ments in the destruction of vessels by means
of torpedoes. Those experiments have been
of a most extended character, and the invent-
ive genius of the country has been at work to
devise the most suitable machinery for the
purpose. The Navy Department, and all who j
are familiar with the subject, are now satis-
fied that torpedoes will prove to be the most
formidable means of defense that can possi-
bly be imagined.
At the last session of Congress we appro-
priated the sum of $8,000 to the inventor of
some very ingenious and valuable machinery
for the application of torpedoes to purposes
of defense. The Secretary of the Navy gives
it as his opinion, and I must say that I con-
cur with him in that opinion, that this system
of defense may be so applied as to render the
navies of the world comparatively harmless as
means of attacking the ports of this country.
He believes that a torpedo boat may be so con-
structed as to be absolutely invulnerable, and
which will be able to go out from our harbors
and attack and send to the bottom any ship
that has ever been constructed by auy Govern-
ment; that the navy of Great Britain would
never venture to attempt to blockade our ports
if we possessed such means of destroying ves-
sels. The experiments which havealready been
made seem to demonstrate that if you could
but apply a torpedo there is no vessel which
has yet been constructed that could withstand
it for one moment. It is said that they have
arrived at that degree of perfection.in the man-
ufacture and application of torpedoes that, with
a boat such as they propose to construct you
may approach the most formidable vessel now
afloat, place a torpedo under it, and send it
to the bottom without harm to the vessel con-
taining this explosive power. If the perform-
ance comes up to what its advocates claim for
it, there certainly can be no such cheap means
of defense as it will afford.
I hope my friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
Stevens] is satisfied with this explanation.
He knows something about torpedoes and the
moral influence they exerted duriug the late
war. He knows very well that there was noth-
ing our naval officers feared so much as tor-
pedoes in the harbors of the South.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that I
heartily concur in the views of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] in regard to
the importance of these experiments. As I
remarked before, I only moved this amend-
ment for the purpose of inviting the attention
of this committee to these experiments and to
tbeir importance. Since I havs been a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs I have
myself witnessed some experiments with tor-
pedoes in the Washington navy-yard, which
certainly were very satisfactory, both to us
landsmenr and also to those who are profes-
sionally connected with the Navy. And believ-
ing that the Comrhittee on Appropriations have
probed -this matter, and examined into it to
such extent as in their judgment justifies the
appropriation of this large amount for this
purpose, I will withdraw my motion to strike
out this paragraph.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
pending paragraph so that it will read, "For
the construetiou of one iron-plated torpedo
boat, $300,000."
The effect of this amendment is to provide
for the construction of one torpedo boat in-
stead of two. I suppose no one here will claim
that there is any immediate necessity in view
of the public safety for the building of two
torpedo boats. I understand that this appro-
priation is really asked for the purpose only
of an experiment, to enable the officers of our
Navy to make experiments in this sort of coast
defense. So far as regards any real benefit
or utility to be derived at present from the
construction of these torpedo boats, I suppose
we might as well provide for constructing bal-
loons to be used hereafter in case the capital
should be besieged. There is no probability
of any war at present which will require the
use of these torpedo boats.
In addition to this appropriation of $600,000
the biil proposes to appropriate §05,000 for
nitro glycerine, gunpowder, &c., for the pur-
pose of operating these boats. It seems likely
that this appropriation is only tbe initiation
of a policy in regard to this matter which will
require much larger appropriations hereafter.
Now, I think that if we desire to experiment
with torpedo boats it will be much better for
us to make an appropriation that only one
shall be built at a time. When one has been
constructed we can determine whether a fur-
ther appropriation in that direction is advis-
able. It may be desirable in the opinion of
naval officers to have all these things at our
navy-yards; and 1 am willing to make a rea-
sonable allowance for what may be necessary ;
but we ought to remember that we have a great
many debts to pay, and it is our duty to be
prudent in making appropriations. It seems
to me there is no immediate necessity for two
of these gun-boats, and that the appropriation
as proposed to be amended will meet every
useful purpose.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose tbe amend-
ment offered by my friend from New York,
[Mr. Griswold.] I think he is mistaken in
characterizing these boats as an experiment.
The engineer officers who were before the
Committee on Appropriations gave assurances
which I think would satisfy every member of
this House that from the experiments already
made it is perfectly clear beyond all perad-
venture that boats sucli as this appropriation
provides for can be built, and will be of im-
mense service. We do make in a subsequent
part of this bill, as the gentleman will observe,
an appropriation of $20,000 for the purpose
