1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
of experimenting; but the experiments and
tests already made show beyond all question
that boats of the character here contemplated—
boats of six hundred tons burden, and carrying
such machinery as will enable them to run
from twelve to sixteen miles an hour—can be
built and can be used against the strongest
armor-clad vessels of the world, not only with
perfect success, but with entire safety to the
men on board these torpedo boats. If this can
be done, then our whole systemfof naval war-
fare will be revolutionized.
' Mr. GRISWOLD. What immediate neces-
sity is there for these torpedo boats? Have
we not now iron-clads which are of no service,
while the care of them is a constant source of
expense?
Mr. BECK. The necessity for these boats,
as I understand, arises from this fact: we have
spent over forty million dollars for iron-clads
which will not float, which cannot be removed
from one harbor to another. While we do not
profess to be able to build enough ships to
compete with England or other great maritime
Powers in a contest at long range and on the
open sea, we do profess to be able to (fonstruct
such boats as will protect our own harbors and
coast, and which can, on an emergency, go to
sea and attack the strongest ship owned by any
foreign Power, wiih the certainty almost of
sinking her. If we build any of these boats
at all the smallest number that ought to be
constructed is certainly two. The evidence
with reference to this matter is so conclusive
to my tnind that in committee I was in favor
of building three instead of two, but the com-
mittee thought the latter number sufficient.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. Have we now any such
boats?
Mr. BECK. We have none, and it is be-
cause we have none that we want two of the
class now provided for.
Mx-. GRISWOLD. Ought we not to build
one in order to see how it works before we
make appropriations for others?
Mr. ARCHER. We have already attached it.
Mr. BECK. We have attached it time and
again, and it has shown itself ready to do all
we could reasonablyexpectof.it. They can
go twelve or fourteen feet from a ship and
strike eight feet below the water, burst the tor-
pedo and get off without doing themselves any
damage. They have experimented to such an
extent that there is no longer any doubt about
its success at all, and I think the best economy
this House can ever practice is to spend this
money in building two boats of this sort.
The question was taken on Mr. Griswoi.d's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Civil establishment:
l'or pay of the superintendents and the civil es-
tablishment, of the several navy-yards under this
bureau, $15,050.
Mr. BECK. I move to strike out that par-
agraph. And while I am upon the floor, I
will say that if the gentlemen on the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs do want real economy—
and I ask the attention particularly of my friend
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens,] whom
I see present—they will at this time prepare a
bill which will consolidate all these different
bureaus in every one of our different navy-
yards. We have seven of them now, each
with all the attendant machinery of a bureau.
We have the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
tbe Bureau of Navigation, the Bureau of
Ordnance, the Bureau of Construction and
Repair, the Bureau of Steam Engineering, the
Bureau of Clothing and Provisions, and the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery; and each one
of these is run at such an expense as though
it were a separate machine in every navy-yard
of the conntry, when they can be consolidated
by law into two bureaus, and be much more
efficient than they are now. If the Committee
on Naval Affairs is as economical as it pro-
fesses to be, it will at an early day bring for-
ward some bill to do awav with this cumbrous
machinery. The Committee on Appropria-
tions have been trying to keep down the ex-
pense as far as possible, and they cannot go
further than they have, because the law exists
running each one of these bureaus in every
navy yard, which ho man would do in his pri-
vate business. It seems to be intended for
the purpose of trying how many men the Gov-
ernment can find offices for.
Mr. Chairman, I do not speak this as against
the present party organization. This machin-
ery has existed for years and years; but,
nevertheless, it ought to be done away with.
Until it is done away with the Committee on
Appropriations will have to continue to make
these appropriations. Bach one of these
bureaus pretends to be as big as any other,
and each one must have the same as any other
bureau. I merely moved the amendmentpro
forma in order to call the attention of the
Committee on Naval Affairs to this point, so
that they may simplify this machinery and cut
off bureaus which are a useless expense to
the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I have no
doubt the gentleman from Kentucky and
other gentlemen on the floor are desirous of
doing everything that will tend to economy
in the public expenditures. He attacks the
bureau system in the Navy Department. I
do not propose to go into the question in all
its length and breadth. I only desire to
remind the gentleman that this bureau system
was adopted in 1842, to take the place of the
old method of administering the affairs of the
Navy Department as it was done, under the
control of three or four officers selected for
that purpose and called a commission. While
we have adopted the bureau system in the
Navy Department, we have also adopted it in
every other Department of the Government;
and I take it for granted if the gentleman de-
sires to abolish it in the Navy Department he
should also turn his attention to the Treasury
Department, the War Department, and other
Departments which administer the affairs of
this Government. I understand this division
into bureaus has become a settled policy of the
Government, and that the same accusations
the gentleman makes against the bureaus in the
Navy Department will apply as well to other
Departments of the Government.
Let me say further that I think the gentle-
man will hardly do justice to claim that this
expenditure of money rests upon the action
of the bureaus. Let me tell him, as a matter
of fact, that so far from the heads of bureaus
themselves asking this expenditure of money,
it is directed by the Secretary of the Navy, and
has taken place under the advice of a distin-
guished officer of the Navy. The discretion
of the heads of bureaus was often ignored en-
tirely. Let me state this remarkable instance
of the way in which they were overruled, as I
have it from the authority of the heads of
bureaus themselves. When they were called
to expend money under the orders of this
distinguished officer, who was managing the
Navy Department, he was told that if these
expenditures were made the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair would run entirely short
of funds in the dead of winter. Neverthe-
less, he ordered them to be made regard-
less of this advice. What was the result? The
head of the bureau was told to go ahead,
employ his laborers, and put on his gangs of
men in the service of the bureau ; and it was
done. It resulted as had been predicted,
the funds in the Bureau of Construction and
Repair were exhausted. I do not know how
much the deficiency was, but we were called
upon to make new appropriations to meet it.
We made -the appropriation by transferring
from other bureaus one and a half or two mil-
lion dollars to the Bureau of Construction and
liepair. And I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] while turning his atten-
tion to the securing of economy, to ask him-
r-elf how it is that the bureau system does not
work as well in the Navy Department as in
the Army and Treasury Departments?
Mr. BECK. I will state to the gentleman
that in the Treasury Department there are
immense sums to be paid out. As to the navy-
yards, there are seven bureaus in each one
of them, and they frequently do not build a
single ship or do anything the whole year.
The idle supernumeraries in your navy yards,
your auditors, comptrollers, &c., are too num-
erous there.
Mr. STEVENS. When thegentleman speaks
of bureaus in the navy-yards I suppose he
means departments or divisions of labor and
operations. I agree with the gentleman that
there are too many employes in the navy-yard,
both of a civil and a military character.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read the following paragraph-:
To pay Seth Wilmarth for his patent, called " hy-
drostatic arrangement for raising turrets." $100,000:
Provided, That ho shall first execute, to the satisfac-
tion of the Secretary ot the Navy, an instrument
conveying to the United States all rights to the same
under his patent, and obligating himseif to withhold
all information and aid from all others in the con-
struction or use of the same.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I make the point of order
on that paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania raises a point of order on the
paragraph which lias been read. The gentle-
man will please state it.
Mr. SCOEIELD. I suppose that that
appropriation of $100,000 to buy a patent
is not based on any existing law, and is not,
therefore, proper in an appropriation bill which
is designed under the rules simply to make
appropriations for those things which the laws
have already provided for. This is a prop-
osition to purchase a patent, and it should
properly come from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Wisconsin. I will
state to the gentleman that I consulted with
the Speaker in regard to this pafagraph of the
bill, and he informed me that it was strictly
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. If thegentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] will show the
existing law which authorizes the appropria-
tion proposed in this paragraph the Chair will
rale it to be in order. Otherwise he will be
compelled to sustain the point, of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
obtaining of this patent is necessary in order
to the proper administration of the Depart-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
please show what law authorizes the appro-
priation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
a patent called the "hydrostatic arrangement
for raising turrets." It is a patent which it is
necessary for the Government to make use of.
And it is necessary to make a specific appro-
priation for the purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be glad
to be advised of any existing law providing for
purchasing the patent of Seth Wilmarth which
would authorize thisappropriation of $100,000.
Mr. WASHBU11N, of Wisconsin. There is
no existing law authorizing the purchase of
this particular thing. If there was we should
not put the appropriation in here. But as I
have stated, it is necessary to the proper
administration of the Navy Department,, and
on consulting with the Speaker of the House
on the subject he stated that the paragraph
was strictly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Inasmuch as thegen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] has
stated that the Speaker of the House has said
that this was a proper paragraph in this appro-
priation bill the Chair will submit, the matter
to the committee for its determination.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to state further, before the question is sub-
mitted to the committee, that 1 propose to
reduce this appropriation to $50,000 before
it is voted upon.
