800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fanuary 4,
Government, such as the treatment of captives, both
on land and sen, as prisonersof war; the exchange
of prisoners; their vessels captured recognized as
prissesof war, and dealt with accordingly; their prop-
erty seized on land referred to the judicial tribunals
for adjudication; their ports blockaded, and the
blockade maintained by a suitable force, and duly
notified to neutral Powers the same as in open and
public war.
" We do not inquire whether these were rights con-
ceded to tiie enemy by the laws of war among civil-
ized nations, or were dictated by humanity to miti-
gate the vindictive passions growing out of a civil
conflict. We refer to the conduct of the war as a
matter of fact, lor the purpose of showing that the
so-called confederate States were in the possession
of many of the highest attributes of government,
sufficiently so to be regarded as the ruling or supreme
power of the country, and hence captures under its
commission were among those excepted out of the
policy by tho warranty of the insured."
In Mrs. Alexander's cotton case, (2 Wall,
418,) the court, after holding the property to
be enemy's property, because within rebel
lines, say:
"It is said that, though remaining in rebel terri-
tory, Mrs. Alexander has no personal sympathy with
the rebel cause, and that her property, therefore,
cannot be regarded as enemy's property; but'this
court cannot inquire into the personal character and
dispositions of individual inhabitants of enemy's
territory. Wo must be governed by the principleof
public law, so often announced from this bench as
npplicablcahke to civil and international wars, that
all tho people ot each State or district m insurrec-
tion against the United Slates must be regarded as
enemies until by the action of the Legislature and
the Executive, or otherwise, that lelation is thor-
oughly and permanently changed."
I have here the fifth volume of Wellington's
dispatches, containing a communication from
him relating to the condition of affairs in Ire-
land in ISO", when rebellion was imminent in
that kingdom and foreign invasion was appre-
hended as a possible calamity, in response to
an inquiiy as to the couise which, in his opin-
ion, ought to be pursued by the Government
in dealing with that kingdom, in which, after
reviewing at some length the condition of things,
he says;
" I lay it down as decided that Ireland, in a view
to military operations, must bo considered a a en-
emy's country, and this view of our situation will
point out what wo ought to have lor our security."
So long as disturbances of the peace can be
controlled by civil administration the Gov-
ernment may, and therefore must, discriminate
between those who are in fact its friends,
though residing iu disaffected districts, and
those who are its enemies, plotting and exe-
cuting treason. But when the discontent has
grown into war, and whole districts of country
are held in hostile possession, and can only
be dealt with by the Government through an
exercise of its war powers, such discrimina-
tion is impossible. The good and the bad,
the loyal and the disloyal, those who are active
in rebellion and those who in sentiment still
adhere to the parent State, cannot be treated
otherwise than as public enemies. Tho wrath
ol I he Government and the chastisement of
war must fall upon the whole population. And
during the prosecution of war every man,
woman, and child, and all property, real and
persona!, within the limits of rebel power, are
absolutely at the mercy of tho State; the
whole country may be desolated, and its in-
habitants may be put to the sword. This is a
condition of things fearful to contemplate, a
state of things well calculated to move our
sympathies and excite our horror. But when
this awful condition of things is forced upon
the Government by rebels the Government
must accept the situation and deal with things
as it finds them.
I f fiom 1801 to 18GD the Government of the
United States was justified, nay, compelled, to
levy war upon the inhabitants of the rebellious
States, then its doing so cannot lay the found-
ation of a claim against the Government.
War means destruction. Armies are marched
through hostile teiritory to kill, burn, ravage,
and lay waste; the commanding general has
no jurisdiction to determine whoin the enemy's
country is innocent or who is guilty. He has
but one duty to perform, and that is to pros-
trate ar.d reduce the enemy's country. And
if while the war ia raging no person within the
enemy's lines can plead his loyalty and exempt
his property, it is equally clear that after the
war is concluded he cannot found a legal claim
against the Government upon what it was
proper for the military forces to do. All rights,
like all truths, are harmonious. What the
Governmenthas aright to do toward the whole
people of South Carolina no one of that
people can object to nor claim compensation
for when done. Undoubtedly the Government
may, in the exercise of its bounty after the
close of a war, reimburse to any portion of its
insurgent citizens the value of their property
destroyed, as it may remit to them the legal
consequences of their treason. But a citizen
in such a rebel district has no more right to
demand such remuneration than a convicted
traitor has to demand his pardon. The Gov-
ernment may do what it will as matter of grace,
but a rebel has no right to demand to be indem-
nified for or relieved from the legitimate con-
sequences of rebellion against the State.
But, Mr. President, the particular claim
before the Senate has been supported upon two
grounds, which are relied upon to take the case
out of these general principles. First, it is said
this house was not in a district of country in
rebellion against the United States; and sec-
ond, this claimant's house, having been de-
stroyed by the Union forces as a measure of
self-defense, it must be regarded as "private
property taken for public use," for which, by
the Constitution, compensation must be made.
It is true this claimant's house was situated
in Kentucky. But that portion of the State was
then actually invaded by a rebel army, a con-
flict of arms was actually raging upon tbe
claimant's premises, and this house was de-
stroyed by our forces during that conflict. The
report of the committee states the facts of the
case as follows;
"On the Kth of March General N. B. Forrest at-
tacked the city in force. Colonel Ilicks, with a com-
mand ot about seven hundred men, withdrew into
Fort Anderson. The sharp-shooters of the enemy
soon took possession of claimant's house and grounds
in large numbers, about one hundred and lifty yards
from the fort; and in that position did great execu-
tion in picking off the men at the guns within tile
defenses. They were driven from the house by shel ls
from the fort and gun-boats ; and tho enemy's whole
force retired from the assault at eleven o'clock that
night without success. They appeared again next
morning with reenforcements, and Colonel Hicks,
regarding bis command m great peril, having ex-
hausted, or nearly exhausted, his ammunition the
preceding night, gave orders for the destruction of
all houses within musket-range of the fort. Tbe
order was executed at once, and claimant's house
was burned, with its contents. Tho enemy then
withdrew."
It is fairly inferable from the facts here stated
that the conflict which lasted through the 25th
and until eleven o'clock at night, was not term-
inated. It was interrupted by the darkness of
night. _ But the enemy reappeared in the morn-
ing, with reenforcements, to renew the fight,
and were only prevented from doing so by the
destruction of this house which had furnished
them protection on the previous day. It is
conceded on all hands that had our general
waited until the rebels reoeeupied the house
and renewed tbe conflict our forces might have
assailed it and burned it to the ground with-
out giving Dr. Best any claim against the Gov-
ernment. But would this circumstance really
change the case? It was destroyed in fact as
a measure ef defease, as truly as it would have
been had tbe rebels occupied it before its de-
struction. A battle had raged through the day,
interrupted only by darkness, and the same
opposing forces stand face to face in the morn-
ing light. What was done by our forces under
those circumstances must be regarded as a part
of the battle. And this house was as literally
crushed by the heel of war as it would have
been if destroyed on the previous day. It was
a destruction of the property rendered neces-
sary by the actual conflict of opposing forces.
But it is said the property was taken for
public use. This position is equally unten-
able. The property was destroyed, not taken.
To say that a house which was destroyed for
the very purpose of preventing its being used
at all, was taken for public use, is a contra-
diction in terms. By the right of eminent
domain the Government may take private
property for public use, as for a railroad, a
post office, or a fortification. But property
destroyed under the pressing necessity of over-
whelming danger falls within a different prin-
ciple. I shall refer to some authorities upon
this point. And first I will read from the case
of Republic vs. Sparhawk, (1 Dall.,383.) The
syllabus is as follows :
" During the war of the Revolution, Congress had
aright to direct the removal of any articles that
were necessary to the Continental army, or aselul
to the enemy, and in danger of falling into their
hands; and one, whose property so removed, was
afterward captured by the enemy, was held not to
be entitled to compensation from tho Common-
wealth."
The court, in their opinion, say :
" On tho circumstances of this case two points
arise:
"First. Whether the appellant ought to receive any
compensation or not? And
"Secondly. Whether this court can grant the relief
which is claimed ?
"Upon the first point we are to be governed by
reason, by the law of nations, and by precedents
analogous to the subject before us. The transaction,
it must be remembered, happened flagrante bcllo ;
and many things are lawful in that season which
wouH not be permitted m a time of pcace. The
seizure oi the property in question can, indeed, only
be justified under this distinction; tor, otherwise, it
would clearly have been a trespass ; which, from the
very nature of tho term, frantsgressio. imports to go
beyond what is right. (5 Bac. Abr.,150.) It is a rule,
however, that it is bettor to suiter a private mischicf
than a public inconvenience; and the rights of ne-
cessity iorni a part of our law.
"Ot this principle there are many striking illus-
trations. Xt a road be out of repair a passenger may
lawfully go through a private lnolosare. (2 Black.
Com., 06.) So, it a man is assaulted, he may liy
tlnough another's close, (o B ic. Abr., 173.) In time
of war bulwarks may be built on private ground,
(Dyer, 8; Brook. Trespass,, 213; 5 Bac. Abr.,17o,) and
the reason assigned is particularly applicable to the
present case, because it is lor the public safety. (20
Vlll. Abl'., (trespass) B. a. see. <t, io. 476.) Thus, also,
every man may, of common right, justify the going
of his servants, or horses, upon the banks of naviga-
ble rivers, lor towing barges, &e., to whomsoever the
right of the soil belongs. (1 Ld. Raym., 725.) Tiio
pursuit of foxes through another'sground is allowed,
because the destiucuou of such animals is lor the
public good. (2Buls., 62; Cro., 1321.)
"And, as the safety of the people is a law above all
others, it is lawful to part affrayers in the house of
another man. (lieyl, 46; 5 Bac. Abr., 177; 20 Yin.
Abr., fo. 407, sec. 14.) Houses may be razed to pre-
vent the spreading of fire, because for the public
good. (Dyer, SO Kud. L. and E., 312, See Puli., lib.
2, c. 6, see. 8; Huteh. Mor. Fhilos., lib. 2, c. 1G.) We
iind, indeed, a memorable folly recorded in thethiid
volume of Clarendon's history, where it is mentioned
that the lord mayor of London, in 1066, when that
city was on lire, would not give directions lor or con-
sent to the pulling down forty wooden houses, or to
removing the furniture, ice., belonging to the law-
yers ot the Temple, then on tho circuit, for leur ho
should be answerable lor a trespass; and in conse-
quence of tilis conduct half ol that great city was
burned."
I do not suppose it was any love for lawyers,
but probably a judicious recognition of their
ability to take care of themselves. [Laughter.]
Another case in which this subject is much
discussed is the case of llussell vs. The Mayor,
&c., of New York, 2 Denis's Iteports, 473, to
which 1 will barely refer. This was a case
where property had been destroyed to stay
the progress of flames, and it was claimed to
be a taking for public use. The court say :
"But I apprehend that the assumption of tho
plaintiff, that this was a ease of the exercise of the
right ol eminent domain, will prove a fallacy 1
have arrived at this conclusion after a patient ex-
amination of all the authorities, and after adverting
to the usual indicia that distinguish such a grant
from the powers that are frequently granted to mum-
cipal corporations. Tho destruction of tiii.i property
was authorized by the law of overruling neccs^itv*
it was the exercise of a natural right belonging to
every individual, not conferred hv law, but taeitiv
excepted from all human coues. The best element-
ary writers lay down the principle, and adjudica-
tions upon adjudications have lor centuries sus-
tained, sanctioned, and upheld it, Lhat,in a case of
actual necessity, to prevent the &prea< incc of a
the ravages ot a pestiloncc, or any other great public
catami y the pi ivate property ot any individual may
be lawiully destroyed for tho relief, protection, or
satety of tbe many without subjecting the actors to
personal responsibility for the damages which the
§"I>ni-\r-as Si.,3tamed. (See 2 Kent's Com., 4th ed.,
dob; lo V in. tit, necessity,p]. 8; Maloverer vs. Spink,
1 3b. b.; It Wendell, 297; 18 id.. 129; 20 id.. 141;
2o id., 1G„, Ibo, 1,4; liespublica vs. Sparhawk, 1 Dal-
