1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
mittee that the bridge company was acting in
pursuance of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a total mistake.
Mr. MOllTON. If he was correct in that,
then I say there would be a strong equity for
reimbursing the company for any damages that
they might sustain if a change of plan was
required by Congress. But that is a point that
is not material to the main question. The
navigation of this river mnst be preserved, and
even if it costs us $1,000,000 we should not
hesitate on that accouat. I hope the question
will be settled now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
substitute which I offered on a former occasion
to take the place of the whole proposition as
introduced by the Senator from Ohio; and I
only desire to say that if the proposition should
be presented here in a form that leaves the
question at all in doubt as to whether we shall
pay any damages for the modifications pro-
posed, f shall vote against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not. wish to occupy
the time of the Senate. If I did, and this were
a proper time, 1 think I should be able to show
that tins company in building the kind of bridge
that they are building at this time are liable to
an injunction, to-day-from any court having
competent jurisdiction to determine sueh ques-
tions. But the Judiciary Committee have not
decided that, nor have they decided the reverse.
However that may be, this is a disputed matter
between a great corporation on the one side
and the rights of the people going up and down
the Ohio river on the other. It is a matter of
dispute, like all the other of the thousand bills
that are on the Calendar, only that it is a
mutter of pressing public emergency. I agree
to that. But the men who are building this
bridge can be stopped at anytime, in my judg-
ment, by the citizens of Cincinnati or of the
opposite side of the river, by anybody who has
an interest in that public highway who will
apply to a court. They have not done it.
Now here is an appropriation bill which is
merely to provide money for carrying on the
postal service of the United States; and the
proposition is made upon this bill to correct
this error, this abuse which is about to be per-
petrated. I agree that it is one; and I will
go with my friends from Indiana and Ohio,
immediately after this bill is ended that we
now have under consideration, if they will
stand by us and finish this bill, to take up and
pass a bill on its own footing and on its own
merits which shall end this question, speaking
for myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me reply to that
suggestion right there, I tried that the other
day as against the Indian appropriation bill
and failed ; and if we should pass a separate
bill through the Senate at this period of the
session, by the rules of the House it could not
be taken up; and yet I will venture to say
that my proposition, standing by itself, sepa-
rate from the question of compensation, would
receive the vote of the House by three to one,
as I have mi doubt it would of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be thatit would ;
but that is not the point at all. Here we are,
and here is the Senator from Ohio endeavoring
to sustain us in keeping an appropriation bill
what it ought to be, and what the Committee
on Appropriations only has a right to con-
sider. the expenditure of public money for
public purposes previously authorized by law,
as a rule. Now here conies a case where the
Senator's constituents think it necessary to
have legislation that they may fail in^at the
4ih of March unless it is lodged on this bill.
What answer can we make, atid what answer
can he make to the constituents of every other
Senator, who have similar matters ot local
importance or of general importance touching
legislation which also might be loaded on this
bill? We cannot have sauce for one, as the
old proverb is, without having sauce for the
other. If we are to do this for my friend from
Ohio, why should we reject subsidies for my
friend from California—a matter of infinite
national .importance as he conceives ; a matter
certainly worthy of very serious consideration,
as I agree; and a matter for which I am not
at all sure I would not go if it were an inde-
pendent proposition in a bill; my inclinations
are in favor of it. If we are to do this thing
for our friends on the Ohio we ought to do the
other for our friends on the Pacific; and that
draws in on these bills, which are merely for
the expenditure of money, the discussion of
all the matters of important legislation which
are presented during the whole session.
You cannot carry on the Government in
that way ; you cannot get on with the appro-
priation bills in that way; you do not have
the advantage of consideration of committees
in that way, in any proper and responsible
manner; but you lose time in that way, as has
already been shown by the action of the Sen-
ate on this particular amendment, where,
after it was proposed, the Senate being so im-
pressed with a certain equity as to the thing
itself, refused to lay it on the table, and then,
after a two hours' debate, running on no man
could see how long afterward, it was tabled by
"a decisive majority. And so you may say of
all these propositions. If you would only
allow the Committee on Appropriations to
bring to your consideration the precise matters
that are committed to their charge, and dis-
pose of them, you would have more time to
take up these matters of importance and have
them properly decided.
Now, Mr. President, I move that this amend-
ment be laid on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment, to let me
make a reply to him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have only made a reply
to you. We have each of us made a speech.
Mr. MOR i'ON. This is an important mat-
ter, and I am in earnest about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So am I.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will
allow me a word in reply.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No man can resist an
appeal of this kind, and yet we are committing
the very mischief of which I am complaining;
but I cannot refuse my friend from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I desire now to make an
appeal to (he Senator and to the Senate on this
question. The Senator will remember that the
attempt has been made for the last six weeks
to get up this matter in some form, and it has
been put off for one cause and another. This
is a question of such importance to the people
of Cincinnati and to those living on the Ohio
river, that their representatives here are excus-
able for pressing it upon all occasions.
Let me say to the Senator that if Congress
shall refuse to act on this measure finally
during this session, it will be an invitation to
that bridge company to go.on and build the
bridge in its present form. The Senator
agrees that it will be an obstruction to the
navigation of the river. We all understand
that. But what does he say is onr remedy?
After the bridge has been built we can go into
court and the question can be tried. _ It will
take a year to get it through the circuit court
of the United States, and it will take three or
four years to get it through the Supreme Court
of the United States: and during all that ti me
this mischief is going on. In view of the im-
portance of this subject, not only to the people
living upon the Ohio river, but to the railroad
company, because they want to know what
they have a right to do and what they may do
with safety, I ask that a few minutes may be
allowed to the settlement ot this question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Indiana
is too good a lawyer not to know that there is
such a thing as a preliminary injunction, and
that a bill brought against this company now
by the people of Cincinnati or anybody hav-
ing an interest in the navigation of that river,
based upon their threatened intention, about
to be pat into execution, to build a particu-
lar kind of bridge, which he says will be a
nuisance, and which our committee have not.
undertaken to decide upon for the reason that
it WRR*not in our jurisdiction, would be a per-
fectly proper bill. Therefore, nobody need
wait until this'bridge is built.
The emergency for legislation on this sub-
ject may be urgent, as my friend from Indiana
says; and I think in acertain sense he is right;
and I am willing to legislate now, in advance
of any injunction or application for it; but I
want to legislate on the same principle for him
and his constituents that I do for every other
Senator in this body. If this measure be re-
tained and not pressed upon this bill these
Sehators can take it up, as in reference to all
other bills of importance, almost at any time
during the session when an appropriation bill
is not pending. They may take it up on the
4th of March, and pass it then ; and everybody
would stand by them, if they are right in their
facts, and I think they are, to put it through
then. But the injustice, the wrong is when,
in my judgment, the people of Cincinnati and
of the country on the other side of the river
have now the legal right to stop this nuisance
which is about to go on, and when Congress
has the same power to check it and correct it
that it has over every other evil, that this postal
bill, which we are endeavoring to have acted
upon as a bill of appropriations, must be made
the horse that must carry this measure through,
when we are compelled to refuse similar re-
dress and similar conveniences to other por-
tions of the country who have in equity and in
justice just the same claim to put their meas-
ures upon this bill.
Now, sir, I renew the motion to lay the
amendment on the table, and I will stick to it.
Mr. THURMAN. Will not the Senator 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will yield to nobody, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on this motion. We can pass the amend-
ment in ten minutes if it is taken up.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, tiays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron. Chandler, Cole. Conkiing, Corbett. Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Flanasran.Oiibert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howe, Me Donald, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn. Patterson, Pomerov. Pratt. Ramsey, Scott.
Sprague, Stearns, Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Trum-
bull, and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Casserly, Davis. Fen ton. Fowler, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Harlan. Ilarri?, Hill, llowell, Johnston, Kci-
logsy, Lewis, McCreery, Miller, Morton, Rice. Itoss,
Siwyer, Sctiurz. Sherman, Spencer, Thurinan, War-
ner. Wiliey, and Yatc-—20.
ABSENT—Me^srsrBrownlow, Carpenter, Cattell,
Ferrv. Howard, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pool. Rev-
els, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sumner, Tipton, Viekers,
and Williams—15.
So the amendment and the amendment to
the amendment were laid on the table.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the sec-
ond section of the bill by adopting the report
of the Committee on Appropriations in refer-
ence to the mail steamship service between
San Francisco. Japan, and China,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thoxyill the chair.) The Senator from South
Carolina, from the Committee on ^Appropri-
ations, proposes an amendment, which will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section two, line seven, in the clause
"for steamship service between San Fran-
cisco, Japan, and China, $500,000," to strike
out "$500,000" and insert:
One million dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary: Provided, Tlint tho Postmaster Greaenu
be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract for tho
immediate increase of said service to a semi-monthly
service, upon the same terms and conditions as are
proscribed by the net of Tebruary li. 1865, and jho
act of March 3, 1867, amendatory thereof, for the
establishment of the existing monthly service: Ana
provided further, That all steamy!*'' 'hereafter ac-
cepted for paid service between Francisco and
Japan and China shall be ofnotless thanfourthou-
sand tons register each.
Mr. STEWAKT. I do not wish to press
any amendment upon the Senate against the
desire of the Senate 
