1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
The PRESI-DING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will suspend his remarks. The hour of
half past four o'clock having arrived, accord-
ing to order the Senate will now take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
petition.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of J. E.
Hilgard, United States Coast Survey, Joseph
Henry, Smithsonian Institution, James H. Cof-
fin, Lafayette College, Pennsylvania, commit-
tee of the American, Association for the Ad-
vancement of Science, praying an appropria-
tion of §15,000 for the puipose of establishing
an observatory and maintaining a scientific
corps, for ayear or more, atoneof the highest
points of the Pacific railroad, and particularly
«,t the eastern rim of the Utah basin; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The regular business before the Sen-
ate is the Post Office appropriation bill, on
which the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POMEUOY. Will the Senator from
Nevada yield to me Cora moment, that I may
offer a resolution of inquiry which I tried to
get in this morning, but was not able to suc-
ceed in being recognized by the Chair? It is
a resolution merely to send for some papers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
go on in order. _ The resolution will keep till
to-morrow morning.
Mr. CRAGJN. I wish to submit a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not any more in
order than is my proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
of the committee of conference will be re-
ceived.
admiral and vice admiral.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted the following re-
port:
The commicteo of conferonco on tho disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on tho imiendinent of (ho
Semite to the bill (II. K. Ho. 25!)!)) to abolish the
offices of Admiral and Vice Adnmul in tho Navy,
having met, after lull and Iree conference have
failed to agree, and request that they may be dis-
charged ami that a new committee may be ap-
pointed.
A. U CRASIN.
JOHN 1>. STOCKTON.
Manafftirif on the pa/t of the Senate.
JOHN A. LOGAN.
BENJAMIN 1''. BUTLER,
Managers en the part oj the House.
The report was read.
Mr. CiiAGIN. I wish to state that when
the House of Representatives send here their
lesolution asking for a new committee of con-
ference, 1 shall move that the Senate insist on
its amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the mean
time the report will lie on the table.
courts in indiana.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I will yield if I do not lose
the righUo the floor.
Mr. PRATT. I was about to ask the Sen-
ate to take up House bill No. 2925, relative to
the holding the courts in Indiana. It is a bill
which has passed the House of Representa-
tives and has met the approval of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of this body, and is
necessary to give elfect to an act passed at the
last session. It does not create an additional
office; it does not add one penny to the ex-
penses of the Government. I hope the Sen-
ate will consent to take it up and put it on its
passage.
Mr. STEWART. I have no control of the
matter. If the Senate is willing to take up
the bill, I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read for
information.
The bill (H. R. No. 2925) to amend an act
entitled " An act to require the holding of
additional district and circuit courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes, " approved June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes, was read,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would like to inquire
of my honorable friend from Indiana exactly
what this bill means. By the act of the 30th
of June, 1870, we provided for additional
terms ol the circuit and district courts of the
United States in Indiana, to be held at New
Albany and Evansville, not foraddiiioualcourts
which this bill speaks of, but for additional
terms of the same one court which that State
had, and then weprovided for the institution of
actions therein and for having grand juries,
&c. We'were told then that that bill did not
contemplate any farther legislation or asking
Congress for any further relief; that it was
the mere ordinary case for providing for ad-
ditional terms of the same court to be held in
two places where the law did not then author-
ize them.
Now this bill seems, as it reads, to set up
those two terms which are authorized to be
holden into district courts with clerks, and for
the institution of actions distinctly at those
places as in courts that are held there, instead
of terms of the same court which may from
time to time be held there. Now, I should
like this to be explained in view of the pressure
for additional judges everywhere. I should like
to be informed whether next year we are to be
favored with an application in addition to the
new clerks we are now to give and the courts
we are now to establish, for an additional judge
also, and g<jt at last the full fledged biid of
three district and circuit courts ot the United
States for the State of Indiana with their judges
and their marshals and their clerks and their
grand juries and their petit juries and their
criers and all other manner of contrivance that
make a drain on the Treasury.
Mr. COLE. I see that this is going to con-
sume some time; that is very evident; and I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation ot the fortification bill.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator from
California will give way for a moment to let
me answer the objection. lam sure that when
I come to answer-the objection of my friend
from Vermont he will be satisfied th'ere is no
propriety in opposing this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not make an objec-
tion, I make an inquiry.
Mr. PRATI'. The courts have put this con-
struction on the existing law: that notwith-
standing courts are authorized to be held at
New Albany and Evansville, yet suits must be
instituted at Indianapolis still, that all process
must issue from'the court at that place; the
issues must be formed there. When the issues
are formed and the case is ready for trial, it is
then sent down to New Albany or to Evansville,
as the case may be, for the purpose of trial. Thus
the parties are subjected, to the expense of
going to Indianapolis in order to make up the
issues in the case, and are also subject to the
expense of mileage in serving processes and
subpenas. Now, the sole purpose of this bill
is to authorize the deputy clerks, who shall be
appointed by the clerk of the court at Indian-
apolis, to reside and keep their offices at New
Albany and Evansville, to enable the issues to
be formed there as well as to be tried there,
and to enable process to be issued from those
points instead of being required to be issued
from Indianapolis. That is all which this bill
accomplishes, and I assure my friend that there
is no purpose of foisting upon the country the
expense of another judge or of any other
officer. The bill, as 1 said, will not add one
penny of expense to the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt in the
least tho sincerity of my friend from Indiana;
I have known him too long to doubt it; but I
should like to ask him, if the difficulty really
is only that the judges have decided that pro-
cess must issue returnable to the present chief
point of holding courts, in Indianapolis, and
he wishes merely to obviate that difficulty and
authorize process to be issued returnable at
either of these points where the next term may
be for the convenience of suitors, why does
he not say so in the bill in simple terms and
merely declare that the process of that one
court may be returnable, according to conven1
ience, at either of the points named, wherever
the next term of the court shall happen to be?
We have experience of that kind in the
State which I have the honor to represent in
part. We have three places of holding court,
but we have only one court and one clerk and
one marshal ; and whenever a party wishes to
sue and have his cause returned to the term to
held at Burlington for instance, where I Beside,
the process simply says (under just such an act
as this, too, only not so full as this one already
passed is) that the party defendant is called
upon to appear at the next term of the court
to be held at that place; and then if the cause
is not tried at that place, it keeps its position
upon the docket, and if the judge thinks it
most convenient to have it tried there instead
of trying it at the next place where he holds
the court, he gives the party notice that the
cause will be continued until he comes around
again. There is not the least practical diffi-
culty ; but this bill which has been read cer-
tainly seems on the face of it, but I know my
friend does not intend that, to mean a good
deal more.
Mr. COLE. I take it, the consideration of
this bill is objected to by my friend from Ver-
mont.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is before
the Senate, subject to objection.
Mr. PRATT. It is a matter of very great
interest to the people of my State that this bill
should pass.
Mr. COLE. I object to its consideration.
Mr. PRATT. I will move, then, that the
pending and all prior orders be postponed for
the purpose of taking up this bill and putting
it upon its passage. 1 do not wish to debate it.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Indiana has
not the floor ; it belongs to other Senators.
Mr. STEWART. I would not yield for that
purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana took the floor by general
consent; but the floor cannot be farmed out.
Mr. STEWART. I supposed it was in the
usual way, subject to a call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If is subject
to a call for the regular order.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the
Senator from California proposes to take up
another bill.
_ Mr. PRATT. I will not debate this ; I wish
simply to take the sense of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Have I the floor for the pur-
pose of making a motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Post
Office appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I move that that bill be tem-
porarily postponed or informally laid aside,
and that we proceed with the consideration
of another appropriation bill, to wit, the forti-
fication bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California asks that the pending bill
be laid aside informally, by general consent,
for the purpose of taking up the fortification
bill. Is there objection ?
Mr. DAVIS. I object
Mr. COLE. Then I call for the regular
order.
Mr. PRATT. Is it out of order for me to
make the motion I did, to postpone the pend-
ing and all preceding orders and continue the
consideration of House bill No. 2925?
