1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order. The Post Office appropriation
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I believe that motion
involves the merits of the Post Office bill, and
inasmuch as division might occupy time I will
go on. It is not worth while to continue to
vote upon that question in the present condi-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I am in hopes the Senate
will take up the bill. It is a harmless bill.
I know when they come to understand the
contents of the bill there will not be objection-
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to a
division of the Senate when we get a quorum;
but I do not want it to be divided now. I
hope the motion of the Senator from Indiana
will not prevail. I think it important to go
on with the Post Office appropriation bill, and
upon that there U an amendment pending on
which I wish to make a few remarks. The
merits of that bill come up on the motion of
the Senator from Indiana to postpone it, and
therefore I can discuss it on that motion.
post office appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Post
Office appropriation bill was laid aside by gen-
eral consent, and the bill of the Senator from
Indiana was taken up, subject to a call for the
regular order. The regular order has been
called for, and the Senator from Nevada is
entitled to the floor upon it. The motion of
the Senator from Indiana to postpone the pend-
ing bill is in order when he can get the floor
to make it. The floor now belongs to the
Senator from Nevada on the Post Office appro-
priation bill. That bill is before the Senate,
and the question is on the amendment relative
to the steamship line to China.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to occupy
much timeontbe question of increasingthesub-
sidy to the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
I know how the Senate feel with regai'd to these
matters at this time, and I am not going to
discuss the question of subsidy. I only wish
to say a few words with regard to this com-
pany, which I think ought to be said after the
discussion that has been had.
The subsidy to this company, I apprehend,
stands upon a different principle from the gen-
eral question of subsidies: first, because the
line is already subsidized ; and, second, because
at the time that subsidy was granted it was
regarded as an exceptional line. The desire
of the American people to obtain the eastern
trade, the trade ot China and Japan, wa3 such,
and the importance of that trade was so great,
that the subsidy was originally granted, not to
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, but to
the company that should put in the lowest and
best bid. This company at the time had its
Panama line, and its stock was above par ; it
was the wealthy and strong company of the
United States. Since that time the company
has met with misfortunes with regard t.o its
Panama line, in consequence of the building
of the Pacificrailroad. That line is practically
destroyed in competition with the railroad. The
stock of the company has gone down from
far above par to between forty and fifty cents
on the dollar.
The company has acted in remarkably good
faith. The original law required that the steam-
ers should be at least three thousand tons bur-
den, The steamers that they constructed, in-
stead of being three thousand tons burden,
were over four thousand, and I think, over
forty five hundred tons burden. They entered
upon the service and put a very large amount
of money i-n this line, and this, in connection
with the Panama line, has greatly embarrassed
the company.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chand-
ler J—and that is the reason why I wish to
make a few remarks—did not state accurately
what had been the results of this experiment
of subsidizing this line to obtain the eastern
trade. The reason was that he did not go to
the proper source of information. He went
to the Department here, where the information
was not to be had, and did not go to the cus-
tom-house at San Francisco, where the inform-
ation existed; and consequently his statements
were not accurate, and did great injustice to
the company and would have a tendency to
injure its reputation and injure the enterprise.
Now, that it has been a success beyond what
was anticipated, s£> far as the China line was
concerned, no one who will examine the fig-
ures can doubt. I have from the custom-house
at San Francisco the figures which show that
the increase of the duties on articles imported
into San Francisco from China and Japan by
means of this service has more than equaled
the subsidy, and that there has been a regular
increase.
It was not anticipated that in the term of
three or four years in the infancy of this enter-
prise the results would be great; but it now
appears that there has been a saving to the
Government; that the increased duties, in con-
sequence of this line, received at San Francisco
have more than equaled the subsidy paid. This
line commenced to make some trips in 1867,
and from that time we have had a regular in-
crease. We find in 1865 the duties on goods
from China to be $1,199,461. It has increased
gradually year by year until we got up in
1870 to $1,857,361. We find the same result
in regard to Japan. Commencing in 1866 with
$236,042, it reached in 1866 $331,460, and
going on in regular ratio until in 1870 the
amount was $561,428.
The increased amount of duties received by
the increase of trade in consequence of this
line is $2,057,423. The whole amount of sub-
sidy, however, is $1,750,000, so that there has
been §250,000 increase of duties at that port,
besides the commercial relations that have
grown up by means of the immediate mail
communication they have had. The increased
business that has grown up has been of great
advantage, and promises much to the United
States. The importations of tea are increas-
ing every year very rapidly. Tea is charged
by the pound, and the number of pounds has
increased rapidly each year, as the tables will
show.
I do not propose to go into the tables; but
this has been a greater success than has been
generally supposed; and let me say to the
Senate that, in view of the importance of the
line and the success that has attended it thus
far, the President of the United States recom-
mends an increased subsidy in his annual mes-
sage. The Postmaster General recommends
it; the Chamber of Commerce of New York
recommends it; the Chamber of Commerce of
San Francisco recommends it; the Chamber
of Commerce of Cincinnati recommends it:
the National Board of Trade recommends it;
all the commercial men in the country recom-
mend it and realize the advantages of fostering
this trade.
Now, I say to Senators that this line is pecu-
liarly situated. I presume no Senator would
want to see this line in foreign hands. There
ought to be an increased service ; there ought
to be a semi-monthly line. There is no doubt
that it will add to the commerce of the coun-
try and be a real saving if we could have a
semi-monthly communication with China and
Japan. It is the trade most sought by civil-
ized nations. I have stated the misfortunes
under which this company have labored. They
went to very large expense in establishing this
line. The Pacific railroad was constructed
before they expected, destroying their Panama
line. It is very questionable whether they can
survive without further aid. The importance
of the line, the success of the company, and
the good faith with which they have done the
service, has called forth the recommendations,
as I said before, of the President, of the Post-
master General, of all the boards of trade
throughout the country, who ask that this par-
ticular line may be kept up. It is different from
the commerce with Europe, where the traf-
fic will be carried anyhow by some line. The
nation that receives this commerce must send
ships ta these countries. Ships will not com-e
from these countries to America, or to Eng-
land, or to France; but they must be sent from
this country if we are going to trade with them
at all.
In view of all the embarrassments u'nder
which the company has labored, it does aeem
but reasonable that sufficient aid should be
extended to it to preserve the line, and par-
ticularly when the experiment thus far has
proved a net gain to the Treasury. That was
all I wished to say about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. On Saturday, when this
question was up, 1 tried to take a practical
view of it. My figures were authentic. ISrery
figure I gave was taken from the books of the
Treasury Department, and if those figures are
not accurate there are no figures accufate. I
shall, before I set down, give every single item
imported into San Francisco from Japan or
exported to Japan from San Francisco to the
smallest item.
But first I tried to show that it was not a
financial success as a post-office measure. My
honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, I admit,
is admirable so long as he confines himself to'
post office revenue ; but when he goes outside
of post office revenue, I fear that he is liable
to err, particularly , when he undertakes to
improve commerce. I would inform my friend
that while he is unapproachable on post office
management, in commercial affairs he is, I
think, a most decided failure.
But, sir, let us look at the post office view.
Mark you, Mr. President, we commenced pay-
ing this subsidy of §500,000 a year in 1867, as
a post office arrangement, recommended by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Neither the Committee on Commerce nor the
Committee on Finance were consulted. This
was entered upon as a purely postal arrange-
ment. I attempted to show on Saturday what
sort of a financial success this post office ar-
rangement was. We have in the four years
1867, 1868, 1869, and 1870 paid $2,000,000 in
cash out of the Treasury; we have received
in return $51,159 78 postages.
Mr. STEWART. I beg your pardon ; it
has riot received $2,000,000; you overstate
that by $260,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do wenotpay $500,000
a year?
Mr.'STEWART. Yes, but they have not
been in the service so long. They have only
got $1,750,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. When the fiscal year
ends shall we not have paid $2,000,000.
Mr. STEWART. When the time comes.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is enough, any way.
Now, Mr. President, this is just two and a half
per cent. In other words, for the last four
years we have spent $97 50 and got $2 50 into
the Treasury. We have paid out $97 60 to
get $2 50, and the success was so eminent, so
entirely satisfactory to my honorable and dis-
tinguished friend, that he thought it was best
to duplicate it!
Why, Mr. President, we have not received a
commission on the amount of money that we
have disbursed, nothing but a brokerage. A
commission would be five per cent, .and a
brokerage would bs two and a half per cent.,
and we have absolutely in the four years we
have beeti paying out $2,000,000 received back
a brokerage. And yet my distinguished friend
is so delighted with the result that he wants to
duplicate it. I ask my distinguished friend
if he thinks he will double the amount of post-
ages by doubling the amount of money paid?
1 can inform him that he will not get a-broker-
age on the next payment, let alone a com-
mission. No business man will even transact
any business without a commission of five per
cent., but my distinguished friend is satisfied
to receive a brokerage of two and a half per
