1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1120
if there be one, to be furnished gratuitously, vouch-
ing that ail purchases and expenditures made by
caul paymasters were made at the ruling market
priees of the port or place at the time of purchase or
expenditure.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking oat these
words:
And paymasters for the Navy on foreign stations
shall render with their accounts for settlement an
official certificate from tbe resident consul, com-
mercial or consular agent of the United States, if
there be one, to be furnished gratuitously, vouching
that all purchases and expenditures made by said
paymasters were made at the ruling market prices
of the port or place at the time of purchase or expend-
iture.
It appears to me, Mr. Chairman, that that
provision is an insult to the paymasters of the
Navy. And certainly if any such certificates
are required they ought to be made out by the
officer in command, instead of there being a
requirement tft go entirely out of the Navy
into another department of the Government for
a certificate from a consul or consular agent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Facts
have been brought to the notice of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations which seem to ren-
der this seetion very important in order to
the protection of the Government. But for
the purpose of freeing officers from any pos-
sible inconvenience I will offer an amend-
ment to the section, to insert at line ten the
words "when practicable," so that paymas-
ters on foreign stations shall render, when
practicable, with their accounts for settlement
an official certificate. There is good reason,
I beg to say to the committee, for this section
of the biiL It is calculated to protect the
Government, and can do no harm to any one.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
being to perfect the portion of the section
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] moves to strike out, the question
will first be taken on that amendment. The
Clerk will report it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Patre 26, line ten, after the word "repder" insert
the words " when practicable;-' so it will road, ' and
paymasters for the Navy on foreign stations shall
render with their accounts for settlement an official
certificate," &e 
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Washburn*, of Wisconsin, it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts, to strike out all of
the section after the word "bidder:" and it
was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
offer the following as an additional section :
gEOt—, And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent be. and he is hereby, authorized to accept the
resignation of any officer in theNavyuntilthenum-
ber ot'officers in the grade to which such officer shall
belong is reduced to the number authorized by law,
whose resignation shall take effect on or before tue
1st day of January nest; and any officer so resigning
shall be entitled to one year's sea pay m addition to
the pay due such officer at the date when his resig-
nation shall take effect: Provided, lhat this act
shall not apply when the number of officers shall be
reduced to tbe numbet now allowed by law.
Mr. STBYENS. I move to amend the pro-
posed section by striking out its proviso and
inserting in lieu thereof the following :
Provided, There shall be no promotions,to tho
grades of rear admiral, commodore, captain, and
commander in tbe line of the Navy until the num-
bers in those grades shall be reduced to the num-
bers fixed by section two of an act entitled Art act
to establish and equalize the grades of hno officers
of the United States Navy," approved J uly lo, iatti.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the gentleman will not insist on that amend-
ment. ... , j
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 object to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens,] as being in the
nature of new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains tbe
point of order made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. STEVENS. If the Chair will permit
I Would call his attentisn to the fact that
my amendment is germane to the section i
offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin, !
and that therefore it is merely an amend- i
ment perfecting the text _ of the original
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, without
being thoroughly advised as to the law in re-
gard to the Navy, is of opinion that this looks
very much like new legislation, and holds that
the amendment, being in the nature of new
legislation, is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. Tjien I move to strike
out the proviso in the section offered by the
gentleman from Wisconsin. I suppose that is
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is. The Clerk will
read the proviso which the gentleman proposes
to strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That this act shall not apply when the
number of officers shall be reduced to the number
now allowed by law.
Mr. STEVENS. On the amendment I have
just offered I desire to say a few words. Great
care is taken that, while you allow a year's
advance pay to the officer going out, no legisla-
tion shall be placed on the statute-book which
has a tendency to reduce the number of officers
below the war standard. I had hoped that the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
would have accepted the amendment I offered,
which has the operation to bring these grades
back to the numbers which existed, notbeforo
the war, but in the early part of the war, under
the law of 1862. Now, Mr. Chairman, what
were the facts? Under the law previous to
1862 the highest rank in the Navy was that
of captain. By the law of 1862 nine rear
admirals were added. We have upon the
active list ten. By that law eighteen commo-
dores were added. We now have twenty-five,
only one of whom, as appears bytbe last Navy
Register in my possession, is on duty at sea.
Under the law previous to 1862 we had thirty-
six captains. Now we have fifty, of whom,
according to the same Register, only sixteen
are at sea. The whole number of commanders
allowed under the former law was seventy-
six. We now have ninety-one. The object
of the amendment which I offered was to
bring the number of all the grades of the
line of the Navy back to what it was in 1862.
I do not propose to enlarge upon this matter
now, but I call the attention of the commit-
tee to it as a measure which ought, in justice
to the people of this country and in justice
to the naval organization, sooner or later
become a part of the law of the land. We
have accomplished this in the Army : why
cannot we accomplish it in the Navy ? Why
is it that we cannot fix these grades in the
Navy upon a peace basis and return to the
number as it existed in the early part of the
war at least, even if we do not go back and
fix the numbers as they were in 18G0? It is
admitted on all hands, both by the higher and
lower officers of the Navy of the line and the
staff, that there are too many officers, and my
amendment proposed to reduce the number to
the legal limit fixed in 1862. I regret very,
much that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] and the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washbokx] should object to this meas-
ure, which is apparently so just and proper.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am not
prepared to dispute the correctness of the prin-
ciple laid down by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, but I think this is not the place,
and we have not the time here, to consider it
properly. As, however, the amendment of the
gentleman has been ruled out of order, I will
not discuss it further.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let it go; it is right.
I hope no objection will be made to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand that the Chair has ruled it out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment was
ruled out of order by the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
do so for the purpose of saying that the, prin-
cipal proposition in the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. WasS-
burn] meets my hearty approval. I think that
officers of the Navy ought to be allowed to
resign in time of peace if they so desire, and
it is but fair to make a provision for them sim-
ilar to that which is made for resigniug-offieers
of the Army. I have an instance in my mind
of a yonng officer, a religious young man, who
desired to leave the Navy and enter the pulpit.
He tendered his resignation to tbe Secretary
of the Navy, and it was declined. He remained
in the Navy, and a few months ago, while
executive officer of the Saginaw, he was ship->
wrecked in the Pacific ocean, and in an open
boat sailed fifteen hundred miles only to find
his death as he landed on the shores of Hono-
lulu. I refer to the late Lieutenant Talbot, a
kinsman of one of our former associates in
this House from the State of Kentucky. I had
hoped that some other and more distinguished
mention would have bsen made of the young
man, who was an early acquaintance of mine,
and for whom I had almost a father's esteem.
As to the amendment immediately under
consideration proposed by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens,] I think we
had better not adopt it. This is not the time,
at the end of an appropriation bill, to regulate
the official relations of the Navy and the num-
ber of naval officers. If this amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New Hampshire
should prevail, the next promotion to the rank
of rear admiral will be in 1878, and the next
after that in 1884, or 1881. We cannot under-
stand the operation of a proposition of this
kind upon the Navy without an investigation
which the House is not prepared to give it
in this connection. 1 trust, therefore, that we
shall accept the amendment as it comes from
the gentleman from Wisconsin without any
modification, and pass it in that form. I with-
draw my formal amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin.
Mr. SCOP1ELD. I wish the gentleman
would strike out the word " now so that it
shall read, "the number allowed by law."
We may reduce the number hereafter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
modify it in that way.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the committee do now rise to report the
bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Tbe committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed tne chair, Mr. Cox
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union-had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill(H. R. No.
2789) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30,1872, and for
other purposes, and had directed him to report
the same to the House, with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend this bill by inserting under the head
of "Bureau of Construction and Repair" the
following; after which I propose to call the
previous question on the bill and amendments:
To pay Seth Wilmarth for his patent, called
" hydrostatic arrangement for raising turrets,
SSO.UUO: Provided, That he shall first execute,, to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Navy, an instru-
ment conveying to the United States all rights to tho
same under his patent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that that is not carrying out any existing law.
The SPEAKER. Does any recommenda-
lion for this appropriation come from the Navy
Department?
Mr, WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It does.
