1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
cent. But I suppose my friend will say we
did not expect much in the way of postage,
but this was done in the interest of commerce.
Well, Mr. President, I advise my distinguished
friend the next time he wishes to enter into
a commercial venture for the benefit of this
Government to either consult the Committee
011 Finance or the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. Anybody but the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. Now,
Mr. President, we come to the commercial
view of this subject. I took my figures from
the books of the Treasury Department, and if
they are not correct we have no commercial
statistics. I now present the third and the
fourth years. After we had paid out a couple
of millions of dollars to improve this vast and
growing commerce, in 1869 the whole amount
of imports from Japan into San Francisco were
$032,819, and 1 will give you the items. This
was the third year; mark you, this was the
third year when we paid the third half mil-
lion to build up a commerce. We imported
of tea $474,960 ; of wood and manufactures
of wood, $8,095; of provisions and tallow,
$1,906; of iron and steel and manufactures
of iron and steel, $16,625; of hides and skin,
$1,442; and of all other articles, lacquered
ware, &c., $129,785; in all, $032,819.
That year we exported to Japan from Sail
Francisco $570,402. But mark you, of this
amount we reexported $35,293, so that our
exports were actually $605,095; and this was
the whole amount. The items are wheat and
flour $167,296 ; clothing, $142,871; cotton and
manufactures of cotton, $31,828; iron and steel
and manufactures of iron and steel, $95,987;
wool and manufactures of wool, $10,380 ; but-
ter and cheese, $15,922; leather and manu-
factures of leather, $70,294; and all other arti-
cles, $124,324 ; in all, deducting the amount
that was reexported, $605,695, making the
whole commerce. Mark you, this was not con-
fined to these steamships, but to the whole com-
merce in sailing and other ships. The whole
commerce between Japan and California, de
ducting the amount reexported in that year,
amounted to the enormous sum of $1,237,819.
Mr. CONKLINU. Does that $1,200,000
include exports and imports both?
Mr. CHANDLER. Both; and not con-
fined to this line but the whole imports and
exports between San Francisco and Japan.
And yet my distinguished Iriend from Nevada
thinks it a profitable business; he thinks the
Treasury has been reimbursed. I should like
to know what amount of duty was placed on
these imports from Japan of $032,000 in value;
I should like to know what amount of duty
was placed on them to make this pay ? No,
Mr. President it has not paid.
But take 1870. As the Senator has said,
the imports of tea have increased; but take
the whole amount of imports in 1870, which,
mark you, was the fourth year. The whole
amount was $806,476, and the whole amount
of exports was 550,997, or, both together, a
fraction over $1,300,000, and of this $539,000
was in tea. Does any man believe that even
one single pound more of tea was used in the
United States because it came in this line of
steamers than would have been used had it
come on the old route? No, Mr. President,
it makes no difference to the consumer of tea
whether it comes by this heavily subsidized
line or whether it comes by any other route.
Here is the experience of four years, and
yet my distinguished friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
thinks it is an object to double the amount of
this subsidy. Remember, sir, that it is not
$500,000 we are voting, it is $5,000,000, for
we are entering into a contract for ten years
at $500,000 a year ; and here we are, on an
appropriation bill, at this late day of the ses-
sion. and at this hour of the night, asked to
vote $5,000,000 to a traffic that does not pay
a brokerage on the sum that we are paying
for it, two and one half per cent. We are
asked to pay $97 60 out of the Treasury to
get $2 50 in.
Mr. President, as a mercantile speculation
that would not be called a profitable one. It
may be as a post office speculation. It will
be difficult for me to convince the people of
Michigan that it is a good speculation in any
event.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me an interruption?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Why would it not be
well to take into account the whole imports
from China and Japan both?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have got them both
here—before this immense subsidy was granted
and after. I am ready to go into that if the
Senator desires it. It is all here before me. I
can go over the whole subject. I have it here
officially and ready marked.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator deny
my statement as to what the increase since the
establishment of this line was?
Mr. CHANDLER. Most emphatically I do ;
most certainly. #
Mr. STEWART. Then the Senator is de-
cidedly wrong, because this paper is right.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give official statistics.
I have given every item.
Mr. STEWART. Let me give you the
official items. The Senator gives us isolated
items.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are all here. The
whole thing is summed up in the papers before
me, and there is all there is of it. If the Sen-
ator does not like it, I am sorry. I should be
glad to make it suit him better.
Mr. STEWART. I certainly do not like it,
because it is not all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not suppose the
Senator would like it.
Mr. COLE. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, who assumes such unlim-
ited knowledge of that branch of legislation, is
certainly mistaken. He has got his statis-
tics, I presume, from the Bureau of Statistics;
whereas if he had gone to the custom-house
for his facts he would have seen the figures
that I have before me, which cannot be mis-
represented except by going to some other
source.
Mr. CHANDLER. The custom-house officer
at San Francisco certainly would be removed
in five minutes if he gave incorrect figures to
the Treasury Department. He certainly is not
fit to occupy the position if there is any fault
there; if the custom-house officer has not told
the truth at the Treasury Department lie ought
to be removed and an honest man put in his
place.
Mr. President I think I have shown that
neither as a postal arrangement nor yet as a
commercial arrangement does this thing pay.
Had these steamers been loaded with cargoes
on every one of their voyages, if they were
capable of carrying cargo, they certainly could
have carried a very much larger amount of traf-
fic than the whole amount that has been done
between San Francisco and Japan. Hence I
do not believe that doubling the subsidy and
paying another $5,000,000 will materially in-
crease either the postal receipts or the com-
mercial interests of the country.
Mr. President, this whole scheme originated
in a misapprehension ; and I say so with entire
respect, because these facts were not known to
Senators, they were not known to myself. I
took the blazing statements we -heard that the
Treasury was becoming enriched; I was car-
ried away by the enthusiasm of my honorable
friend from Minnesota, who told us that we
must build up this vast trade ; I believed that
the Treasury was being benefited. I thought,
however, that before we took this new step I
would look into the matter and see exactly to
what extent it was true, and I found it a good
deal as the sailor found his wife. He was
brought up for beating his wife, and the judge
said, "Why, Jack, you married your wife for
better,for worse; you agreed to love and pro-
tect her and support her; nowyou should deal
with her kindly." "Oh, yes," said he, ''your
honor, I know I took her for better or for
worse, but I found her a damned sight worse
than I took her for." [Laughter] Just, sol
found this mail contract. We are in for better
or for worse, and, on coming to examine it, it
is a gteat deal worse than I supposed.
As 1 was about to observe, this whole thing
is a job, not on the part of any Senator, not on
the part of the Postmaster General, for they
do not know anything about it; not on the
part of anyone here in Washington; but in
1847 there was a grant made, known as the
Sloo grant. It was $270,000 or $290,000 a
year, I forget which, to Sloo and his associates
to establish a line of steamers. The capital with
which this company started was $4,000,000;
but it was not a financial success notwithstand-
ing this large bonus until gold was discovered
in California in 1849, and from that time for-
ward it became a most eminent financial suc-
cess. This Sloo grant grew into what was
known as the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
and it was for years enormously profitable. It
took in line after line, and every competing
line. It took in the As.pinwall line and issued
stock for it at a pretty high figure; and then it
absorbed the Nicaragua Tine, and secured the
control of transportation on both sides, on the
Atlantic and Pacific; and so it went on.
I have not learned that anything but the
original amount of $4,000,000 was ever paid
in; but the company bought off every line that
attempted to compete with them, and finally
watered their stock until they called it nom-
inally $20,000,000, and upon that capital of
$20,000,000 they paid dividends of three per
cent, quarterly, year after year, and went on
increasing the amount of their steamboat stock.
That stock was selling in the market only a
short time before the commencement of tiie
Pacific railroad for one hundred and eighty
cents on the dollar, though it was enormously
watered, and the men who owned it accumu-
lated millions upon millions of dollars. It was
the most profitable steamboat line perhaps that
ever existed upon earth, and enriched greatly
more men than were ever engaged in a similar
enterprise. But it was an exceptional traffic.
They were obliged to build steamers of consid-
erable speed and great capacity for carrying
passengers and very small capacity for freight.
In other words, their main reliance was upon
passengers and express freight. Their boats
were, better for that traffic; they were boats
well adapted to the traffic.
When the Pacific railroad was chartered and
it became a certainty that that road would be
built, the shrewd men who were owners of this
stock pursued the process which is so familiarly
called "unloading;" they were in pursuit of
men who were not thoroughly posted in the
matter, and theydid " unload " on an innocent
public anywhere from 40 up to 180, and the
shrewd men, such asVanderbilt and thatclass,
slipped out and pocketed immense sums of
money.
Mr. NYE. Let me correct my friend. Van-
derbilt never owned a dollar in Pacific mail
stock in the world.
Mr. CHANDLER. He sold out his lines to
them and took bonds.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. The Senator is talk-
ing about something he knows nothing of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will say then that the
shrewd men did it.
Mr. NYE. Yon had better get the right one.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know Vanderbiltsold
them one or two lines.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. He ran opposition
to them as long as he could.
Mr. CHANDLER. I never heard of it.
They sold out, and now the stock, as the hon-
orable Senator has said, has fallen from 180
to 40, or thereabouts, and but for this subsidy
of $500,000 on the Japanese route I suppose
