1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
br1ege across the missouri river.
Mr. PALMER. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate amend-
ment to House bill No. 1227 to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river, in order to disagree to it and ask for a
conference.
Objection was made.
joun e xiaogebty, of st. louis.
Mr. BOYD. I ask unanimous consent to
report, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads a joint resolution for the
relief of John E. Haggerty, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
irish state prisoners.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massaehusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed ta :
Resolved. That the Secretary of State be directed
to furnish for the information of the Hou*e, if not
incompatible with the public service, what papers
Uebasin his Department in relation to the course
pursued by this Government in resard to the release
of Irish State prisoners in addition to the informa-
tion furnished by Executive Document No. 170, of
the last session of Congress, on the same snbjeet.
abjobrnmbxt over.
Mr. COX. I rise to a privileged qnestion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet, on Monday next-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me have a
bill reprinted for the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
Mr. KELSEY. Was not the motion to
adjourn over a little while ago negatived?
The SPEAKER. But business has since
intervened. This motion, the Chair will state
to the gentleman from Ohio, does not adjourn
the' Ilouse.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
42, noes 54 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Cox and Mr. Kelsey.
The Ilouse ng^in divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 56. noes 01; no quorum voting.
Mr. VOOilHEES. Let us have a call of the
House.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the yeas,and nays.
The SPEAKER. There is no motion in
order except that there be a call of the House,
or a motion to adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and then (at four
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, eto.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: Resolutions of the
National Board of Trade, passed at its annual
meeting at Buffalo, December 1870, and report
of the Detroit, delegates.
By Mr. HALE : The petition of J. D. Parker
and others, for the establishment of a naval
station at Mount. Desert, Maine.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Mrs. Mary
A. Dodd, of Portsmouth, Virginia, widow ot
Matthew M. Dodd, late a carpenter in the
United States Navy, for a pension.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trade
of Norfolk, Virginia, asking an appropriation
for improving the Albemarle and Chesapeake
®®nal- . „ T , TV
By Mr, PORTER: Petitions of John D.
Christian and James C. Williams, of New Kent
county, Virginia, praying the removal of the
legal and political disabilities imposed upon
thera by the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of J. T. Hazel-
rig and others, of Kentucky, asking that a post
route be established from Bangor to West
Liberty, Morgan county, Kentucky.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: A petition of citizens
of New York city, that public lands shall not
be donated to railroad or other corporations,
but reserved for the use of actual settlers.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 11, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. new-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2997) to authorize the
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing offi-
cers was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No 462) for the
relief of Mrs. Harriet H. Pendleton, widow
of George H. Pendleton, late of the United
States Navy, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
recommending an appropriation for the Peoria,
Kaskaskia, Wea, and Piankeshaw Indians, in
accordance with the treaty of February 23,
1867; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate of
the 9ih instant, the report of General Pope
upon the enlargement of the military posts
and depot at Fort Leavenworth; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have received a petition
numerously signed by citizens of Oregon, in
which they represent that the manifacture and
sale of alcoholic liquors to be used as a bever-
age is a great evil, productive of poverty, vice,
and crime, and they pray that the Constitution
of the United States may be so amended as to
prohibit the importation, manufacture, and sale
of alcoholic liquors within the jurisdiction of
the United States. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I present
the petition of Mrs. Hollie Berry, of Prince
George's county, Maryland, praying indemnity
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1800. I move its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Foreign Relations have reported a bill on
that subject, which is now on the Calendar.
The petition will therefore be laid on the table.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition signed by
a large number of very influential citizens of
San Francisco, asking this Congress to take
action before its adjournment to secure the
payment of the Alabama claims. As that
subject is now pending in this body, I move
the reference of this petition to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Noble county, Ohio, praying an appro-
priation for a painting of John Gray, a revo-
lutionary soldier, to be placed in the Capitol;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Thomaston, Maine, praying the pas-
sage of the bill to secure the cheap transport-
ation of breadstuffs from the West to the sea-
board at uniform rates throughout the year ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Mary E. Sacia, praying that a patent be issued
to her for certain lands in the State of Iowa;
which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
He also presented the petition of William
Quail and others, of the city of New York,
praying that the publication of the illustrated
report of the Commissioner of Patents be con-
tinued in the same form as heretofore; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HARLAN presented a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, containing a report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in rela-
tion to the band of Black Bob Indians in
Kansas; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
report of commissioner op education.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move now to take up
the resolution I reported yesterday, for the
printing of the report of the Commissioner of
Education.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
concurrent resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives:
Resolved by the House of Representative*, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed of tho report
of the Commissioner of Education for the year 1870
twenty thousand extra copies, of whicU eight thou-
sand shall be for the use of the Department of Edu-
cation, eight thousand for the use of the iiouse, and
four thousand for the use of the Senate.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayard, to add at the end of ihe
resolution the following proviso :
Provided, That that portion of the contents of paga
103 entitled "Opinions of Education in the States"
be first expunged.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Rhode island has been made acquainted with
the nature of this proposed amendment. It
is very simple. I do not care to express my
opinion of the general character of this com-
pilation. Frankly, I consider that it contains
a vast amount of very useless statements of
fact. It has other facts perhaps of use. I
believe the report of the Superintendent of the
Census will give us substantially all the inform-
ation that the book contains. But the com-
pilers of it have chosen to insert upon the
page which I have moved to have expunged,
not any fact whatever, but the opinion of some
persons, who are termed "educators," in the
State of Delaware. The opinion of these un-
named and unknown persons may be inter-
esting to themselves, but the language in which '
they have couched it is in many respects libel-
ous upou those whom I in part represent on
this floor. As it does not purport to convey
the least information as a fact, but gives the
mere opinions of self-styled educators, who
have no official responsibility for their utter-
ances, and not even personal responsibility,
for their communication is anonymous, I ask
that the Senate simply order that part ot" the
page to be left in blank. This amendment does
not in any degree affect the value of the rest
of the work, but simply prevents the per-
petuation of an ill-mannered and untruthful
account of a people who I am sure the Senate
do not desire to see so stigmatized.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the Senator
from Delaware to state that a portion of the
report that relates to his State is within his
knowledge untrue, a mistake. I certainly
have no objection to that being stricken out,
and I think it ought to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island does not object to the amend-
ment?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not.
