306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I had not
intended to say anything on this subject, al-
though coming from the city of New York,
and would not have uttered a word if it had
not been that the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Cleveland,] who hag devoted especial
attention to this bill, is now absent. If he
had been here he probably would have stated
some of the views which I beg leave to offer
before we take final action on this question.
The first thing which strikes me as extra-
ordinary in the bill before the House is the
"whereas.1' The preamble says:
Whereas the Declaration of Independence of the
United States of America was prepared, signed, and
promulgated, &e.
And then follows:
Therefore, be it enacted, &c., That an exhibition
ot American and foreign arts, products, anil manu-
tactures shall be heirt, undor the auspices of the
government of the United States, in the city of
Philadelphia.
I should have well comprehended the con-
nection between the preamble and the enact-
ment if, in the enactment, in lieu of "the Dec-
laration of Independence" it had been stated
"whereas the Constitution of the United States
was adopted, &c., therefore be it enacted that
there be a celebration by an exhibition of
American and foreign arts," &c. The Decla-
ration of Independence was a beautiful docu-
ment, and has produced a most powerful effect
throughout the whole world, but mainly hav
ing reference to the principles of liberty and
the principles which are connected with fed-
erative government. But it had nothing to
do with the arts or the sciences ; whereas the
Constitution of the United States was formed
with a view, by the union of this country, to
the general advancement of the arts, but more
especially to the unity of commerce and trade
throughout all parts of the United States, and
for bringing the people of the separated States
under one constitution of government and
under one confederation for the attainment of
objects such as I have named. Therefore, I
think the preamble is most inconsequentially
connected with the subsequent enactments
which follow.
But, granting that the preamble was right,
and that what followed was necessarily conse-
quential, I do not see why we should choose
the city of Philadelphia, where the Declara-
tion of Independence was born, more than
the city of Boston, where the principles of the
Declaration were mainly created and cradled,
or the city of Richmond, Virginia, whence
came the great men, Madison and Jefferson™
Jefferson, who wrote the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and Madison, who created the Con-
stitution.
Mr. VAN I BUMP. And there was a still
earlier declaration in North Carolina.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Yes; why
should not the celebration be held at Meck-
lenburg^ North_ Carolina, where was born the
declaration of independence prior to the pen-
manship of that document by Thomas JefJ'er-
son, and prior to the inspiration of it by the
Adamses and Quincys of Massachusetts? I
regret to be obliged to say all this, because
it may seem that, coming from the city of New
x ork, I am actuated by a spirit of rivalry in
reference to the city of Philadelphia. I have
no such feeling, 1 assure the gentlemen from
irmladeipma. My colleagues and myself look
with no envy to that great and populous city:
and almost every word in its praise which one
of its Lepiesentatives has this day uttered I
can most cheerfully indorse.
We look upon the great city of Philadelnhia
as we look upon Newark, or Princeton" or
Trenton ; the great city of Philadelphia is a
most bountiful and populous suburb of the
great city of New York, and so far fro,n in-
dulging in any rivalry or enmity toward it, we
embrace its people and love its representatives,
as we do the boundless population that sur-
rounds us on all sides, and consider them apart
and parcel of our own population. It is not on
that account, therefore, that I rise to make these
suggestions or this apparent opposition. The
whole ground of my opposition is based upon
this : that I do not think it the business of the
Federal Government to occupy the time of
Congress to divert its attention from the many
necessary occupations which ought to engross
our minds_ to legislate specially for a fair in the
city of Philadelphia. I tell the honorable gen-
tlemen from Philadelphia, and the Represent-
ative from Pennsylvania who has the custody
of this bill, that we are about to have a like
exhibition of the arts in the city of New York,
but it is our pride and pleasure that it shall be
born of us, spring from us, be created among
us ; we ask no appropriation and no adoption
whatsoever by the Federal Government, but
we mean to make it a national, metropolitan,
cosmopolitan fair for the whole country, if not
altogether by the bounty and the action of the
city of New York alone, certainly by the State
of New York; and we shall invite the whole
world, more or less, to participate in it. That,
however, is not my ground of opposition. It
is that the time of the House aud the time of
the country, the interests of forty millions of
people, should not be diverted from the many
more important subjects that demand our atten-
tion to the creation or adoption of a fair, even
j in.the city of Philadelphia, though the Decla-
J ration of Independence was born there and
the Constitution of the United States created
j there.
MKSSAQK FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
who also informed the House that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1971) fur the relief of the
sureties of the late Captain A. R. Hetzell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2527) making appropria-
tion for revenue-cutters ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2428) for the removal of
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States from Wil-
liam M. McGruder, of Henrico county, Vir-
ginia ;
r>A '-1'" (H- R. No. 1537) for the relief of
Richard P. Spencer;
A bill (H. R. No. 2511) for the removal of
the legal and political disabilities from William
Cardwell and Richard J. Gaulding, of Charlotte
county, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2431) to authorize the
Jersey Shore National Batik of Pennsylvania
to change its 1 ocation ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2530) to amend an act
entitled 'An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870;
and '
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 419) to cor-
rect an error in the enrollment of the law in
relation to pay ofgrand and petit jurors.
Mr. Porter also communicated to theHouse
a message from the President, returningto the
House in which it originated, with his objec-
tions thereto in writing, the bill (H. R. No.
139o) for the relief of Charles Cooper, Goshorn
A. Jones, Jerome Rowley, William Hannegan,
and John Hannegan.
national exposition.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
1 ennsylvania [Mr. Morrell] to yield to me
for five minutes.
_ Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I will
give the gentleman five minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following
amendment to the bill:
In line two, section seven, strike out all after the
word commissioners" to the end of the section
and insert or other officers provided by this act,
out of the Treasury of the United States;" so that
it will 1-ead that no compensation forservices shall
bViu • 6 commissioners or other officers pro-
vided by this act out of tho Treasury of the United
The provision of this bill is one of those in-
definite appropriations which may take one
million, two millions, or five millions from the
United States Treasury. It is, in effect, a pro-
vision that one man from each State or Terri-
tory, for five years after the passage of this act,
may travel as often as he pleases—onee every
week, once every month, or once every year,
according to his own notion—and have all his
traveling* expenses, his hotel bills, and every
other expense that can come in of that nature,
chargeable to the UnitedStates Government.
Now, it seems to me that it is exceedingly
undesirable that a feature like this should be
put into this bill. If the exposition intended
is a great success it ought to pay for its own
expenses. _ If there is not a probability that
this exposition will be a sufficient success to
pay its expenses, then it ought not to be in-
augurated by Congress. If any gentleman
will calculate the enormous expense which is
covered by the apparently harmless words
of this section, he will at once see that I am
right when I say that even if there is but a
moderate amount of traveling done by these
gentlemen who, under this section, are author-
ized to travel as much as they please and to
send their accounts to the Treasury of the
United States, to be there audited and paid,
the amount that would be there drawn from
the national Treasury will not be less, certainly,
than one or two million dollars, and by an
extravagant use of the privilege conferred by
this act it may be extended to even a greater
amount than that.
It seems to me that it will at once strike the
good sense of this House that this exhibition
ought to pay its own expenses, or at any rate
that if any State or Territory desires that a
delegate shall attend the exhibition, to look
after its interests, such State or Territory shall
providefor all the reasonable expenses of such
delegate, and not require the Government of
the United States to do it. Furthermore, it is
not provided that this exhibition shall even pay
the expenses of its own clerks, but the expense
of even the clerk to take charge of its records
is to be paid out of the Treasury of the United
States. Now, if the friends of this bill shall
insist that this large amount of money, under
this pretense, shall be paid by the Government
ot the United States, then we may well con-
sider whether this bill, in any shape, ought to
pass.
If, as the able gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] has said, the American Institute
of that city intends to hold an international
exhibition on that occasion, and can bring t't
its success an experience acquired from pre-
vious exhibitions, and does not intend that any
appropriation whatever shall be asked of or
received from the Government of the United
States, then it may well commend itself to the
consideration of Congress whether that is not
the better proposition: to hold this exhibition
in the great national commercial center of this
country, instead of, from motives of mere
sentiment, placing it in any other city, where
they refuse to perform the duties enjoined by
this bill, unless the national Treasury is bur-
dened for their benefit.
I am willing to vote for this bill, provided
the nation ls.not burdened therefor. But I will
not consent to a bill making an indefinite ap-
propriation, without any power on the part of
any officer of the Government to control the
amount to be taken from the Treasury of the
I nited States; and I beg the House to con-
sider well, before rejecting the amendment I
have offered, which provides that the Treasury
of the United States shall not be burdened for
this purpose.
• ^P^EI'L, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stis-
VkJiSONj tor a few moments.
• Mr. Speaker, approv-
ing the general proposition of this bill, I hope
to see it so far perfected as to merit the unan-
imous consent of this House. I shall not now
