1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. NYE. Let me call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that eight of them have not
lived their time, for they have gone to the
bottom.
Mr. CHANDLER. Between three and four
hundred wooden ships went to the bottom last
year, and eight iron ones. Accidents will
happen. Iron ships, I say, take out A1 regis-
ters for twenty-one years. They do not even
have to be examined in twertty-one years.
Daring those twenty-one years the only ex-
pense of repairs of an iron ship is taking her
out of the water once or twice a year, scrap-
ing her bottom, and painting her; whereas a
wooden ship during the first ten years, if she
lives to be ten years old, costs the whole
amount of her original cost in repairs. Then,
an iron ship has a freight capacity of about
thirteen per cent, more in the same tonnage
than a wooden ship. That is the estimate.
Mr. President, it is useless for us to run
these old wooden hulks anywhere. They can-
not be run at a profit. Three or four of the
ships that we now propose to take and put
on the Australian line have been laid up, as
I am informed, for the last two years because
they could not run anywhere, and they can-
not run anywhere now ; and they are going to
abandon the line because it is unprofitable ;
and now they want to find an outlet for these
old ships.
Mr. President, in the interest of commerce
I protest against taking a single one of these
old hulks under the pay of this Government.
If we must take these old ships in the interest
of commerce, then 1 propose to take them for
' what they are worth ; and you will find them
exactly in the position of the Dutchman's
dog. He sued a man for killing his dog ; and
the man put him on the witness stand to
Swear as to the value of the dog. "Well,"
said the Dutchman, "the dog was not worth
a damn; but inasmuch as this man has been
so mean as to kill him, ho ought to pay his
full value." [Laughter.] Now, if we are
compelled to buy these old hulks, I pro-
pose that we take them in that way, that we
take them at their value ; and then I propose
that they make just one voyage ; that we put
ten pounds of nitre-glycerine in their hulls,
tow them out to deep sea soundings, and let
us hear 110 more of these old rotten, wooden
hulks. Let one voyage be the first and the last.
Sir, the great obstacle to the increase of
our oommerce has been these old hulks of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. Any meas-
ure that we have proposed in the interest of
commerce has been met by a lobby from this
old concern, i have had enough of it, and
I never want to hear any more of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, there is not
a school-boy of ten years of age in a western
scbool-house who does not know thatfifteen or
sixteen years ago our merchant marine was
second only to that of Great Britain, ahead
of that of France or the llanse towns. Prom
year to year it has been fading away, until
now the American flag is only seen in the re-
mote parts of the world upon your national
ships. Our mails are carried exclusi vely under
foreign Hags, except that small portion carried
in our few subsidized lines. Of the hundred
and twenty-five ships sailing from New York to
European ports not one carries the American
flag. We would not have this trade with China
in the Pacific ocean except for this subsidy.
While we, in this abnormal and unhealthy
state of our commerce, refuse to grant any
subsidies, all prosperous commercial nations
do subsidize; England, to the extent of
$6,000,000; and France, poor, prostrate
France, to the extent of $4,000,000.
The Committee on Commerce have seen this
going on irom year to year. They have seen
our commerce and our trade dwindling away.
They have seen our merchant tonnage disap-
pear until, as I have said, our flag is 110 longer
visible in the distant ports of the world, and is
only in our own ports because of the discrim-
inating legislation of Congress. The Commit-
tee on Commerce have allowed the whole ses-
sion to pass without offering any remedy to the
Senate for this state of affairs. Not a solitary
measure have they proposed. It seems to me
that after the great failure of that committee
to suggest any remedy for the constant, and
steady decay of our commerce, the chairman
of that committee, instead of coming into the
Senate, roaring like a Numidian lion against a
proposition brought forward by another com-
mittee in the interest of commerce, should
rather cultivate the sweet tones of the sucking
dov-e. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I believe the committee have given
some little attention to commerce; they have
bestowed some little care upon this great sub-
ject ; and you will see the result of their labors
in a few days in a bill making an appropriation
of $435,000 for about twenty-five small ports
on Lake Michigan. [Laughter.] That is about
all that the Committee oh Commerce, that
boasts so much of its patriotism, its industry,
its watchfulness of the interests of the country,
will give to commerce.
Mr. CAMERON. Is that all there is for
Michigan ?
Mr. RAMSEY. That is for about thirty little
ports in Michigan. That is all that the Com-
mittee on Commerce propose to do for the
commerce of this country.
Mr. STEWART. I have but a word or
two to say to the Senator from Michigan. It
seems very strange that a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, who is chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, should speak of these vessels as
old hulks, when he must know that after the
law had been passed requiring the ships to be
built of over three thousand tons burden this
company went forward and built ships in good
faith, new ships of the most improved pattern.
Here is the Great Republic, which is the small-
est, of 3,888 tons, Government measure, not
burden; the China is 3,991 tons; the Japan
4,350 tons; the America 4,045; the Alaska
4,045; the Colorado, which was in existence
before, but a new ship, built about the time
this contract was made, 3,750 tons. The Sen-
ator calls these ships, built with a view to this
particular service, old hulks.
Mr. CORBETT. How old are they ?
Mr. STEWART. I believe they have been
built since this service commenced. I cannot
give the exact age of each of them ; but that
is not material.
Mr. CORBETT. Their age is on the paper
which the Senator is reading from.
Mr. STEWART. One was built in 1867,
another in 1868, two in 1869, and the oldest in
1865. All these are new steamers built with a
view to this service^
Mr. NYE. The America last year.
Mr. STEWART. The America has not
yetgot intb the service. They are new steam-
ers built especially for this serviee. They
are the grandest looking steamers and the
greatest steamers for comfort and capacity that
float on any waters in the world. Besides
that, they have a line, which is not subsidized,
running between several of the ports of China
and Japan. Those are local lines to supply
this line. They have gone to work in good
faith to develop that commerce. And yet the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce gets
up and denounces all these new structures as
old hulks, and tells the Senate that under
this proposition the old hulks now in existence
will be put into this service. Why, sir, the
smallest ship that can be put into the service
will be over four thousand tons burden under
this amendment; and you may make it forty-
five hundred tons if you please, and you may
require the ships to be built to be iron ships,
that they shall not put into the service any
new ship except it is made of iron. I sug-
gest to the Senator from South Carolina, who
olfered the amendment to make that modi-
fication, by inserting after the word "be," in
the seventeenth line, the words "constructed
of iron and, " so as to require these ships to
be constructed of iron, and of not less than
four thousand tons register each; and I sug-
gest to amend that so as to say "not less
than forty-five hundred tons."
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let-the Clerk
so modify the amendment that if they under-
take this service their ships shall be con structed
of iron, and of not less than forty-five hun-
dred tons burden.
Sir, there is no sham about this proposition.
It is a real thing for commerce. The Senator
speaks of the amount in value of the goods
brought from China and Japan. The duty
upon tea, which is the principal article im-
ported, is so much per pound, and it may be
brought in at any nominal value. The value
does not indicate anything, but it is the num-
ber of pounds. I have given the correct duties
from the books, and I say there is an increase
of $2,000,000 of duties over and above what
w-as received before, and only $1,750,000 have
been paid for subsidies in that time. I say
that is an excellent beginning.
This company has built all these new ships,
has performed the service to the entire satis-
faction of the Department, and received the
compliments of every Department they have
had anything to do with. They have attracted
the attention of every board of trade and re-
ceived their commendations. This is a trade
that the whole country wants, and yet it is
now denounced here as a sham and a farce;
and the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, after having done this, after denoun-
cing everything, proposes nothing. I think the
time has come when he should either stop de-
nouncing these propositions or suggest some
plan himself whereby our commerce may be
revived. I do not know which is the better
plan. I know very well that this line, which
has been subsidized by the Government to
this extent, has met with the approval of
every board of trade, with the approval of the
Departments. The company have built new
ships, that are a source of pride to America.
It is the only line we have got. I know, fur-
thermore, that it is impossible for us to have
trade with China unless we send ships there.
That is the only way the trade of that country
can be secured. If the Senator will be satisfied
to have iron ships, the amendment now pro-
vides for iron ships. They are to have all the
tonnage that he can ask. They are as large as
he can ask for.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may have a vote on
this question without any further debate. I
suppose everybody understands it as well now
as he will if it is debated for hours further.
Let us have the vote.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to make a few
remarks upon this question. I desire to call
attention to the fact that the number of pas-
sengers transported in 1866 from China to San
Francisco was a little over five thousand. This
line of ships was put on during that year, and
in 1867 the number of passengers increased
to eighty-five hundred. The following year,
when the company had ail their shins in full
service, the number of passengers increased
to over fourteen thousand; and in 1869 they
numbered nearly twenty thousand. Now, the
question is, whether the United States desire
to maintain this line of ships in those waters.
Everybody who has been aboard of these ships
acknowledges them to be vessels of which the
nation may well be proud. There are no such
ships in the United States or in Europe, as I
believe. They are the finest ships I ever saw.
The question is whether these ships shall be
maintained, or whether we shall allow England
to put on a line of ships and subsidize it. as
they have other lines, and drive these ships of
ours irom the ocean. If we desire to do that,
then let us withhold all encouragement from the
shipping of the United States and allow Eng-
land to take possession of the ocean.
