S08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
cotton seizures.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, int-ro-
duceda joint resolution (H. 11. No. 436) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
t.he claimants the proceeds of certain cotton
seized in violation of instructions from the
Treasury Department, and which have been
erroneously covered into the Treasury; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
railroad to columbia river.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No.437) for a branch railroad from Utah
Territory to the Columbia river; which was
read a first and second time,referred to the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals, and ordered to
be printed.
navigation of columbia river.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, by unanimous con-
sent introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2601) topro-
vide for theremoval of obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Columbia river; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
homestead law.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. It. No. 2602) to extend the
benefits of the homestead policy to disabled sol-
diers and sailors, and to the widows, orphans,
and1 dependent relatives of those who died in
the service of their country ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
pay oe election officers.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 2608) to provide
for the pay of the election officers appointed
by the judges of the circuit courts of the United
States in cities having upward of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
invalid tensions.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 260-1) to provide
that no pensions be hereafter allowed, except
in cases where the wounds or disabilities were
contracted in actual hostile service against the
public enemy ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
amendment of constitution.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 438)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
assistant secp.btaitlcs, etc.
Mr. COBURN al so, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 2G0-5) relating to
the Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Post-
master General; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
national banks.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2606) to repeal
so much of an act entitled "An act providing
for the redemption of the three per cent, tem-
porary loan certificates and for an increase
of national bank notes,'1 approved July 12,
1870, as provides that no banking association
organised shall have a circulation m excess of
$500,000; which was read a first and second
time, refeired to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
ohio iuveil.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 489)
to prevent obstructions of the Ohio river; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, with leave to report at any time.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] desire that the joint
resolution shall be simply referred?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do, if the objection
is insisted on.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
action for injuries.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2607) to give a
right of action for injuries in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee for the Distiict of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
horace b. siiepiiakd.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2608) for the
relief of Horace B. Shephard, of Indiana ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
annexation of dominica.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, it in
his opinion not incompatible with the public inter-
ests, copies of all papers and correspondence relating
to tue proposed annexation of the Dominican por-
tion of the island of San Domingo, or the purchase
of any part thereof, including the original and
all subsequent instructions to any agent or consul
of the United States, with the correspondence of
such agent or consul; also, any protocol or conven-
tion signed by such agent or consul; also, an account
ot the debt and liabilities' of the Dominican Govern-
ment, especially its obligations to the neighboring
republic of il.iyti: also, the provisions of the exist-
ing constitution of Dominica, so far as the same
rotate to the sale or transierol the national domain;
also, _ any troaty with llayti or France by which
Dominica is bound or affected; also, any communi-
cation from the neighboring republic of llayti, or
from our minister there, relating to the proposed
annexation; also, instructions to the commander
of our naval squadron in the waters of the island
since the commencement of the late negotiations,
with the reports and correspondence oi such com-
mander; also, any inlorimitiontondingto showwhat
f.uropean Dower, it any, proposes to acquire juris-
diction of any part ot the island, and, it so, of what
part; also, any information with regard to the posi-
tion of President Daez, under whom the treaty of
annexation was negotiated, and the extent to which
ho has been maintained in power by the presence
of United States vessels of war; also, any informa-
tion with regard to the sentiments of the people in
Dominica, and the reported pendency there of civil
war; also, any information with regard to any claim
of jurisdiction by the republic of llayti over the
territory of Dominica.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object, unless the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] consents
that the resolution shall go to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WOOD. I would remind the House that
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs has given notice to the House that on
Monday he proposes to call up this question.
It is indispensable to a proper understanding
of the question that we should have this inform-
ation from the President. I hope gentlemen
will not object to it.
Mr. ORTH. The resolution had better go to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.'
Mr. LAWRENCE. Lot it go to the com-
mittee with leave to report it back at any time.
Mr. WOOD. 1 have- no objection to that.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. I object to it.
Mr. WOOD. 1 hope gentlemen upon the
other side will withdraw their objections, for
there can be no possible objection to the reso-
lution upon its merits. This information is
desirable by the House and the country, and I
hope it will not be withheld by any individual
member of the House interposing anobje'etion
to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGI3. I object to the proposal
to refer this resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs with leave to report it back at
any time, because I know that that would be
the end of the resolution.
Mr. ORTH. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs have this subjept under consideration,
and I think the resolution ought to go to that
committee. If it is not to be so referred I shall
object to its introduction.
The SPEAKER. Then the consideration of
the resolution at the present time is objected to.
Mr. WOOD. By whom?
The SPEAKER. By the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Orth.]
obstructions of tiie ohio river.
Mr. CONGER. A few moments since I ob-
jected to allowing the Committee on Com-
merce to report back at any time tlie joint
resolution introduced by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevehsos,] to prevent obstruc-
tions of the Ohio river. I wish now to with-
draw that objection.
Mr. O'NEILL. Do I understand that leave
is asked for the committee to report the reso-
lution at any time?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. O'NEILL. I shall have to object to
that. We li^ve many important bills before
that committee which should have precedencc
of this resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman can
object. He is a member of the committee,
and I understand his motive.
Mr. O'NEILL. It is lucky T am on that
committee, or perhaps this order might have
been made. I know nothing about this par-
ticular resolution, but object to it on general
principles.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr,
McNeely till the loth of January.
bureau os' mining.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2600) authorizing
the establishing of a bureau for mining and
the precious metals, and providing for its in-
auguration and support; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
pay of army officers, etc.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2610) to extend the
provisions of the tenth section of the act
approved July 17, 1862, entitled "An act to
define the pay and emoluments of certain olh-
cers of the Army, and for other purposes;"
which was read alirst and second time, refeired
to the Committee ou the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
arkansas election.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following preamble and resolution:
] Whereas it is alleged that, at the recent election in
! the State ot Arkansas lor members ot the House of
llepresentativos of th.e United States Congiess, a
large portion of the legally qualified voters of said
State were not allowed to register arid vote, as pro-
vided by the Constitution and laws ot said State and
of the United States, by reason of the unlawful and
unwarrantable conduct of the Governor, (Powell
Clayton,) and registrars appointed and controlled by
bim; itnd whereas it is further alleged that no repub-
lican government exists in said Scate, and the people
thereof are completely in the hands ol 1 lie.said Gor-
| eriior, and have no moans whatever of extricating
I themselves from his power lawfully : Therefore,
! Beit resolved, That the Judiciary Committee of
' this House be, and they are hereby, instructed to
make a lull and thorough investigation into the
political condition of saidiState of Arkansas; inquuo
into the acts and doings of thesaid Governor and tiis
registrars, judges, Arc., touching the recent election m
said Mate, previous to, at, and since the recent State
I election; and that they have power to send for pei-
I sons and papers, employ a clerk and stenographer,
and that they report all the tacts to this llouse at
I the earliestpossible time, with a bill the better secnr-
j ing to the people oi that State all th<-ir rights under
j the Constitution and Iav/  oi the United Stares and
I ot tuo bcato of Aikan^as, ii'm thcirjuagment iurthcr
legislation *halJ bo deemed necessary.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
approval of a law.
Mr. CAVANAUGII, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2611) to
