1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
this information and disseminate it. When we
get up a little feeling on the subject, when Stai es
appear to disadvantage a few times in this
report, they svill furnish the necessary inform-
ation. I believe the publication of this report
throughout the United States will inspire a
spirit of inquiry, will have a tendency to further
the cause of education; for my observation is
that itis a much neglected cause, and that there
is more danger to our institutions from that
source than from any other.
Now, when there has been an honest attempt
on the part of the Commissioner, furnished as
he is with but very little machinery, to corre-
spond with the officers of different States and
Obtain information throughout the country for
the purpose of laying that information before
the people; when that attempt on his part has
been honestly made with all the machinery at
liainl and the information that has been given
him is inaccurate, let that fact go to the world;
let the information that he has obtained go;
and next, year, when the people of the States
understand that this is an important matter
and that they appear to disadvantage, those
public officers who refuse to give the inform
ation which they might easily do will be called
to account by tlieir own constituents.
The VICE PRESIDEN 1'. The Senator from
Nevada will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired. By the unani-
mous consent of the Senate the unfinished
business of yesterday, being the appropriation
bills, remain in Committee of the Whole, sub-
ject to further debate and amendment, and
to day has been assigned for the consideration
of reports from threeeoimnitteesin theirorder,
being the Coinmirtee on Pensions, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. If a vote ean be taken
on this resolution without debate, will the
Senator from Vermont, who I believe has the
floor, allow it to be taken ?
Mr. EDilDNDS. if it can be taken with-
out debate ; but if it takes a minute's debate 1
must go straight on with the business assigned
for to-day.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope I shall be permit-
ted to congratulate the Senate and the coun-
try upon the fact that the education of our
children is to be furthered by the publication
of a series ef admittedly inaccurate statements.
This is a remarkably fortunate step to take in
the way of the education of our children—to
publish a parcel of opinions, in the first place
worthless, and in the next place untrue 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont yield to allow the vote to be
taken on this resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there can be an in-
stantaneous vote I will make no objection;
but otherwise I must go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is willing that the pension bills may
be passed over for the purpose of voting on
the concurrent resolution. Is there objection
to the vote now being taken ?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir, there is objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from
Vermont to allow me to fix Tuesday evening
next for the consideration of the postal code
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to introduce
a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont yield for morning business ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; but for nothing
61 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont yields for strictly morning business,
of which reports from committees and bills and
joint resolutions have not yet been received,
reports op committees.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill (S. No. 1334) to
prevent obstruction in the waters of the harbors
and navigable channels of the United States;
which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1104) relating to
the export of petroleum, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Louisi
ana [Mr. Kellogg] introduced a resolution
some time since, whfch I seconded yesterday
morning, to have Monday evening set apart
to consider bills reported from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Vermont yielded
only to routine morning business. Does he
yield to this proposition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; because it will
lead to debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think it will.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it does not lead to
debate, and can be voted upon at once, 1 will
yield.
Mr. POMEROY. It is simply to set apart
Monday evening for the consideration of re-
ports from the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent that an even-
ing session be held on Monday evening to
consider the bill for steamship service in the
Gulf of Mexico and the other bills included in
that special order.
Mr. COLE. I must object to any more
special orders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senator from Vermont. I have offered
a resolution which will require no time, fixing
Tuesday evening for the consideration of the
postal code bill, and I should like to have a
vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it does not lead to any
debate whatever I am willing that the vote
may be taken.
Mr. TIPTON. I have morning business to
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1267) to confirm the title to certain lands
on the Fort Kearny military reservation, in
Fremont county, Iowa, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2309) granting a pension to Mary W. Ens-
minger, reported it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that that bill be
put on the Calendar of to-day's bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will place it on the Calendar.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2049) for the protection of settlers
on the public lands of the United States,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1582) authorizing terms of the United
States district court to be held at Helena,
Arkansas, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 975) granting lands to the State of Ala-
bama to aid in the construction of the Savan-
nah and Memphis railroad from Opelika to
Tuscumbia on the Tennessee river, reported
it with an amendment.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. It. No.
2999) to provide for the enlistment of three
hundred additional seamen in the United
States Navy, in which the concurx-euce of the
Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. B, No.
108) to authorize the President to permit Wil-
liam L. Hanscom. late a naval constructor of
the Navy of the United States, to withdraw
his resignation of that office, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendmentof the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2911) to pro-
vide for the taking of testimony to be used
before the Departments.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committeeof
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting
pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812, and the widows of deceased sol-
diers, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
enuolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that ths
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R No. 2914) making an appropriation
for the contingent fund of the House of Rep-
resentatives; and it was thereupon sigued by
the Vice President.
district territorial government.
Mr. PATTERSON. The committee of con-
ference on the bill (S. No. 594) to provide a
government for the District of Columbia have
instructed me to ask permission of the Senate
to have the bill printed with the proposed
amendments and then referred back again to
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire, from the committee of con-
ference appointed on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill providing lor a
territorial government for this District, asks
leave to make their report in print.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be recommit-
ted. Let it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
mitted by the committee in print.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1335) to facilitate commerce between the
United States and China, Japan, and the coun-
tries of Asia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1336) to authorize the construction
of a bridge across the Mississippi river at
Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge across
the Missouri river at or near Glasgow, in
Howard county, in said State; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Poet Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
copsent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1837) to incorporate the New York, Alex-
andria, Washington, and Georgetown Steam-
ship Company ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 317) to authorize the
restoration of George Plunkett to his original
rank as paymaster of the United States Navy;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
postal laws.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now ask that an order be
made for an evening session on Tuesday even-
ing next, at half past seven o'clock, for the
purpose of considering the postal code bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
