1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
approve a certain law of the Territory of Mon-
tana ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
john caese.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (EL R. No. 2(314) for the relief
of John Carse, of Jefferson county, Iowa;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
annexation" of dominica.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs [Mr. Banks] that if the notice lie gave
to the House refers only to the resolution from
the Senate now upon the Speaker's table no
notice is required for the consideration of that.
The Chair understands the gentleman to in-
clude in the notice the right to report back
the resolution from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, which requires five days' notice.
Mr. BANKS, if the Senate joint resolution
shall not by general consent be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, then the com-
mittee, if it chooses, will report a similar
resolution as an original resolution from that
committee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ask
general consent that the Senate joint resolution
on the subject of San Domingo be now referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. BANKS. I do.
Mr. WOOD. I object to it in every form
and at every stage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] as the Chair under-
stands, gives notice, in accordance with the
previous general consent of this House that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs shall have
leave to report on the subject after five days'
previous notice, that he will, on Monday next,
make a report from that committee on the
subject of San Domingo.
Mr. WOOD. The only reference of this
question to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
during" this session was the reference of a
joint resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself. That is the only
form in which that committee can bring the
question before this House.
Mr. BANKS. We do not propose to present
it in any other form than that.
Mr. WOOD. The Senate joint resolution
upon that subject is upon the Speaker's table,
and there I wish it to remain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desired merely
to state to the House, so that all might under-
stand it, the notice desired to be given by the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. FITCH. I ask unanimous consent to
,ubmit at this time, for printing and reference,
some amendments I have prepared and pro-
pose to offer, if I have opportunity, to the
joint resolution of the Senate upon the subject
of San Domingo.
The amendments, which were read, were as
follows :
Tn section one strikeout the words " island of Sim
Domingo," and insert in lieu thereof the words
"islands of San Domingo and Cuba."
Add the following to section one:
Tenth. Whether any government oilier than that
of the government of Spam now exists in the island
of Cuba, and, if so, the present state and condition of
xiid government, the character and extent of the
country over which it exercises jurisdiction, the
amount ot its military and naval forccs, and such
other information with respect to said government
as to the sn,id commissioners shall seem desirable
or important with reference to the recognition otthe
independent existence of said government by tne
United States.
Mr. FITCH. I ask that the amendments
just read be ordered to be printed, and referred
to tiie Committee on Foreign Affairs.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
willard stockdale.
Mr.. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. -613) for the relief
of Willard Stockdale, of company A, eighty-
first regiment of Indiana volunteers; which
was regid a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
rebecca s.allen.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2614) for the
relief of Rebecca S. Allen; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and a joint reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 771) for the relief of
Zacbariah Pettijohn; and
Joint resolution (IT. R.. No. 188) providing
for publishing specifications and drawings of
the Patent Office.
reconsideration op references.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move a reconsideration
of the various votes this day by which bills, &e.,
have been referred ; and I also move that that
motion be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Allison, that the House adjourn; and upon a
division there were—ayes 72, noes 32.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at one o'clock and twenty-five minutes
p. in.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of John
L. Thomas, collector o'f the port of Baltimore,
for relief, with vouchers.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The remonstrance of
Miss M. M. Brewster and 147 others, of Port
Huron, Michigan, protesting against woman
suffrage.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Philip Cook
and James D. Frederick, of Macon county,
Georgia, praying for relief from political dis-
abilities.
Also, the petition of Jordan II. Wooldridge,
of Jamestown, Georgia, praying for relief from
political disabilities.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Samuel Flanders, of Chilmark, Massachu-
setts, praying to be remunerated for moneys
expended on property belonging to the United
States Government.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petitions
of James Burke and J. J. Gillespie, of Harris
county; J. 11. Whitehead, H. B. Baldwin, ar.d
Solomon Carr, of Walker county ; and N. W.
Battle, of McLennan county, all of Texas, for
removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of the assist-
ant marshals of Lawrence, Beaver, and Greene
counties, Pennsylvania, praying for the passage
of a law increasing their compensation.
Also, the petition of John D. Martin, of
Washington, Pennsylvania, asking that the
Treasury Department be authorized to pay
liim for a $500 ten-forty United States bond
stolen from him.
By Mr. DOX: The memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Mobile upon the sub-
ject of a railroad bridge over the Rigolettes, a
channel connecting the waters of Lake Borgne
and Lake Pontchartrain, and forming a part
of the natural water communication between
the cities of Mobile and New Orleans.
Also, the petition of Francis M. Kirby, of
Alabama, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of S. T. Ken-
nedy and 58 others, settlers upon the Chero-
kee neutral lands in Kansas, praying for the
passage of the bill II. R. No. 1074, and for
homestead and preemption rights.
Also, the memorial of RebeccaS. Allen, for
a pension as widow of James T. Allen, de-
ceased, late master of hospital boat Wood-
ford, in the Mississippi marine brigade in the
late war.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Nancy
Patton, widow of Hymeleon Patton, late pri-
vate company G, second regiment Tennessee
volunteer infaatry, praying Congress to author-
ize the payment of her pension from the date of
her husband's death.
Also, the petition of Mary Matney, widow
of Samuel Matney, late a soldier of the Mexi-
can war and pensioner, praying Congress to
grant her a pension, to date from the time her
husband's pension was discontinued, by reason
of the act of February 4, 1862.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of F. E.
Marks, of Chesterfield county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed upon him by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Jacob
Cooke, now of Preble county, Ohio, praying
Congress to grant relief for losses sustained
through Genera! Frfimont's troops in the Shen-
andoah valley, Virginia.
Also, the petition of Charles H. Kirby, late
a soldier of the eleventh Ohio volunteer in-
fantry, praying Congress to grant relief.
By Mr. TILLMAN: The petition of J.
B. Stacy, of Giles county, Tennessee, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of John
Funk and 15 others, settlers upon the Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas, praying for the pas-
sago of the bill H. R. No. 1074, and for home-
stead and preemption rights.
By Mr. WILLARD: The memorial of Mrs.
Leonora W. Marshall, for a pension.
Also, the memorial of Luman Case, of Bris-
tol, Vermont', for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 5, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, R.ev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of December 21, 1870, a
copy of the report of the chief of the marine
division of the Treasury Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
petitions and 3ie1iorials.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition
of members of the Stockbridge and Munsee
tribes of Indians in Wisconsin, stating that
there is a large amount of timber on land
belonging to them, and asking that under a
superintendent they be permitted to cut it and
put it in market, and that the net proceeds of
the same be equally divided among the mem-
bers of the tribes, and that they be allowed to
become citizens of the United States: which
was referred to the Committee on Indiaa
Affairs.
Mr. CORBETT presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of tlie State of Ore-
gon, asking a change of boundary to conform
to the constitution of the State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary._
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, asking_ for the
establishment of certain post roads in south-
ern Oregon and a portion of California: whioJx
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of Oregon, asking a sub-
sidy of land for a railroad from CorvaHis to
Yaquina Bay, Oregon; which was referred to
' the Committee on Public Lands.
, He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of Oregon, desiring the
li Oregon Branch Pacific railroad, of Jackson
