1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
"thirty" and to strike out the words "com-
mencing on the 14th day of February. 1860,
being the amount of pension to which she was
entitled under existing laws at the time of the
death of her said husband," and to insert in
lieu thereof the words "from and after the
passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill wasreported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ADAM D. MYERS.
The bill (S. No. 1240) granting a pension
to Adam D. Myers was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Adam D. Myers, late private company K,
one hundred and sixty-sixth regiment Penn-
sylvania infantry, and to pay him a pension
from and after the passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask consent at this time
to make a report from a committee of confer-
eace.
The VICE.PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
Mr. HOWELL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
rotes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Seoateto the bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812, and
the widows of deceased soldiers, having met. after a
full and free conlerence have agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the firsframeudment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, namely: strike out the
words "in the revolutionary war and."
That the House also recede from its disagreement
to the second, the third, the fourth, and the fifth
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the sixth, amendment of the Senate, being an amend-
ment to the second section of the act, and agree to
the same with an amendment, namely: strike oat
the words "time when their names are placed upon
the pension-rolls," in lines nineteen and twenty of
said section, and insert in lieu therof the words
" passage of this act."
That the Senate recede from its seventh amend-
ment.
.T. B. HOWELL,
D. 1). PRATT.
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managet s on the part of the Senate.
0. W. WILLARD,
HORACE MAYNARD,
Managers uu the part of the House.
The report was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2999) to provide for the
enlistment of three hunraed additional sea-
men in the United States Navy was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mi". COLE. I wish to submit a report from
a committee of conference on an appropria-
tion bill.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
Mr. COLE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 2536) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for tbo fiscal year ending June SO, 1872, having met,
after lull and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses,
as fallows:
That the Senato recede from their amendments
numbered 1, -, and 0.
That, the llouso of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate uuuibered 3 and 4, and agree to the same.
That the llouso of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the filth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: in line two of the words inserted by
Mid amendment strikeout the word "and"after
"gas" and inse-t a comma after "coal" in same
line; and the Senate agree to the same.
C. COLE.
IIE^RY WILSON.
FRANK P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES B. BECK,
A. A. SARGENT.
JAMES S. NEttLEY,
Managers on the Dart of the House.
The report was concurred in.
SARAH EVANS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pension bills
on the Calendar will now be resumed in the
order suggested by the Senator from Vermont,
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions.
The bill (S. No. 1253) granting a pension
to Sarah Evans was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Sarah Evans, mother of L. G. Evans, late
sergeant company K, twenty-first United States
infantry, and to pay her a pension from the
passage of the bill, to continue during life.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
words "and to continue during life," which
will be the legal effect unless she forfeits it by
some one of the considerations provided for
by law. These words if left in might embar-
rass the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CAROLINE PAYNE AND L. A. M'LAUGHLIX.
The bill (S. No. 1292) granting a pension to
Caroline Payne was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and-limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Caroline Payne, widow of John Payne, late
sergeant company C, first regiment Delaware
cavalry volunteers, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence from and after the
passage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "month," in line
eight, the words "and Lydia A. McLaughlin,
widow of Robert McLaughlin, late private com-
pany E, first Delaware cavalry volunteers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. The title was amended so as to read,
A bill granting pensions to Caroline Payne
and Lydia A. McLaughlin."
JULIA WHISTLER.
The bill (S. No. 1308) granting a pension
to Julia Whistler was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for placing on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Julia Whistler,
widow of William Whistler, late a colonel in
the United States Army, at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, to commence on the passage
of this act, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARTHA J. WILLKY.
The bill (S. N. No. 1309) granting relief
to Martha J. Willey was read a second time,
and considered as iu Committee of the Whole.
By its provision the Secretary of the Interior
is directed to pay, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, Martha
J. Willey, widow of George Willey, late a pri-
vate in company F, seventh New Hampshire
volunteers, the sum to which she would have
been entitled on account of her child, under .
sixteen years of age, had she obtained her
pension under the general law instead of by
the special act of May 22. 1866,
The bill was reported to the Senate withoat
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES COON.
The bill (S. No. 1310) granting a pension to
James Coon was read a second time, and con-
sidered a8 in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of James Coon, late pri-
vate tenth Indiana cavalry, at twenty dollars
a month, for the loss of both eyes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARGARET?A BECKER.
The bill (S. No. 1311) granting a pension to
Margaretta Becker was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
limitations and provisions of the pension laws,
the name of Mrs. Margaretta Becker, widow
of Leopold Becker, late captain company D.
twenty-fourth regiment Illin.ois infantry, at tip
rate of twenty dollars per month from and after
the passage of the act, ajid to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES O. F.*CLARK.
The bill (S. No. 1326) granting a pension
to Charles O. F. Clark was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The Secretary of the Interior is by
the bill directed to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the limitations and conditions of the
pension laws, the name of Charles O. F. Clark,
late private company G, first regiment Oregon
infantry, and to pay him a pension of twenty-
five dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate withoat
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS J. FISS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (EL R. No. 1193)
granting a pension to Thomas J. Piss. It
provides for placing on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Thomas J. Fiss, of
Freeport., Illinois, late a private in company
D, forty-sixth regiment Illinois volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MAKIA USA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
1339) for the relief of Maria Lea. By the bill
the pension heretofore granted to Seth Lea,
by virtue of an act of Congress entitled "An
aet for the relief of Seth Lea," approved July
27, 1868, is revived and continued to Maria.
Lea, Ilia widow, at the rate of fifteen dollars
per mouth, to commence from and after the
passage of the present act, and to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment., ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and i
ELIZA WEBB.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill f If. R. No.
1407) granting a pension to Mrs". Eliza Webb,
widow of Daniel S. Webb, late a private in
company G, eighth regiment of Tennessee cav-
alry. The bill provides for placing on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of
Eliza Webb, widow of Daniel S. Webb, late a
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No,
72.
