1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
Mr. THURMAN. Congress is to blame.
What we ask is that Congress shall undo its
blunder.
Mr. SCOTT. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio a question for information,
because I have been misled if the statement
which he makes is correct. From the papers
before me I have gathered that this bridge is
owned by stockholders; that all that railroad
companies have to do with it has beer, to under-
take to sell its bonds, and after the bridge shall
have been completed to rent and pay for the
right of way over it. Am I wrong or not in
deriving that information from the papers?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer the ques-
tion. The stock in this bridge is a mere nom-
inal thing. It is to be built on credit, and built
by the guarantee of the railroad company of
the bonds of the bridge company; and then
the railroad company is to be lessee of it, I
believe, forever, or at least for a very long
time. In effect it is a railroad bridge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is to strike
out all after the word "that," in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] and to insertin lieu of the words stricken
out what will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be inserted as follows:
In a resolution giving the assent of the United
States to the construction of the Newport and Cm-
cinriati bridge, approved March 3, 1869, the right
was expressly reserved by Congress to withdraw its
assent in case the free navigation of said river shall
at any time besubstautially and materially obstruct-
ed, or to direct the necessary modifications and al-
terations ; and itsufficiently appearing that the h ew-
port and Cincinnati Bridge Company do contemplate
a bridge that will so obstruct the navigation of said
river, and in pursuance of the right reserved, as
aforesaid, it is hereby declared that it shall be un-
lawful for the Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Com-
pany, or any other company or person, to proceed in
the erection of the bridge now being constructed
over the Ohio river from the city of Cincinnati, Ohio,
to thecity of Newport, Kentucky, unle&s the bridge
shall be so constructed, with or without a draw, that
the channeL span shall leave under said span a clear
headway, at low water, of one hundred feet below
the floor beams suspended from the bottom posts;
Provided, That if said company shall not comply
with the provisions of this act within one year, or if
said company shall ever present a claim for dam-
ages in consequence of the modifications herein im-
posed then, in either case, the assent of Congress
given for the construction of said bridge is hereby
lully and forever withdrawn.
Mr. BOREMAN. Will a motion to lay on
the table carry with it this amendment and
also the amendment of the Senator from Ohio?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Only this
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a motion to lay
on the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Abbott answered to his name.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would a motion to lay
this amendment to the amendment and the
amendment to which it is au amendment on
the table be in order? •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the shortest way,
it seems to me, to dispose of it. I move to
lay this amendment and the proposition to
which it is an amendment on the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I made the motion to lay
the subject on the table, and gave way to the
Senator from Maryland.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the Sen-
ator from Maryland did not renew the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to this, because
the roll-call was commenced and the Senator
from North Carolina responded to his name.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not hear the response.
Mr. ABBOTT. I answered to my name.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
motion comes too late, and the roll-call will
proceed.
Mr. WILSON. I am requested to state that
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] was
compelled to return to his home on account of
severe headache. He suffered all day, and
could not remain here longer.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 34 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Flanagan,
Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Ilarlan, Harris, Howe,
Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont. Robertson, Stearns,
and Williams—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Casserly, Conkling,
Davis, Fcnton, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Johnston. Lewis, McCreery. Miller, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels. Ross, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer,Stewart, Stockton,Thayer,Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Willey,
and WiIson-34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Catteli, Edmunds, Ferry, Hamlin,
Howard. Howell, McDonald. Morrill of Maine, Pat-
terson, Poineroy, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sprague, Sumner, and Yates—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. CAMERON. When I gave way to the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickeiss] it was
with the understanding in my own mind that
he would renew my motion to lay the whole
subject on the table. He did not do so ; and
I therefore now make that motion, to lay the
amendment on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. . I hope we shall now
decide this matter, as we have debated it all
we can. Otherwise, I will renew it in another
form.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask if the amendment
now pending is susceptible of amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, but
not at this stage, because there is a motion
pending to lay ic on the table. The question
is, "Will the Senate lay the amendment on
the table?"
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 26.
Mr. SCOTT. I now offer, as an amendment
in the nature of a substitute for the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, the following, which
meets all the objections made by the engineers
to the bridge now in process of construction.
My amendment is to strike out all after the
word "that" and insert:
That the Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Company
shall raise their main channel span 00 as to give one
hundred feet clear headway at low-water mark below
the floor beams or posts of said bridge.
Second. The present draw pier shall be removed
from the river, and the whole space now prepared
for draw superstructure shall be covered by a single
span of not less than two hundred and twenty leet
clear water way between the piers.
Third. That the bottom chords of all the spans of
said bridge, other than the main channel span ot
four hundred feet.shall not be less than seventy feet
above low water; and when all the foregoing require-
ments shall have been complied with by said Cin-
cinnati and Newport Bridge Company the ocation
of said bridge, its structures and approaches, arc
hereby legalized and declared to be lawful structures,
and shall be recognized and known as a post route;
and the Secretary of War shall cause an estimate to
be made of the expense of making these alterations
and report the same to Congress, with a view to a
iuturo appropriation to pay the same to said Com-
pany.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Sen
ator from Ohio.
Mr. SCOTT called for the yeas and nays
and they were ordered. _ _
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, it 1
perfectly plain that the sole objectof the intro
duction of this matter is to obtain some pledge
on the part of Congress to pay this company
about three hundred thousand dollars. If Sen-
ators choose to commit themselvea to such a
proposition as that, I can only regret it.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas
14, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Boreman, Cameron.Gilbert, Lewis,
McDonald. Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Scott,
Stewart. Stockton, Thayer, and Vickers—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Blair, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Davis. Fcnton,
Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Harlan, Harris, Hill, Howe, Johnston,
McCreery, Miller, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pratt,
Revels, Robertson, Ross. Sawyer. Sherman, Spen-
cer. Sprague. Stearns, Thurman,Trumbull, Warner,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Catteli, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry, Hamlin, Howard, Howell, Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sumner, Tipton, a.nd Yates—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not be so construed
as to create any claim for damages against the Uni-
ted States.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
The question was put; and there'were, on
a division—ayes thirty-one.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Let it be reported again.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as a new section the following r
Sec. —. That it shall be unlawful for the Newport
and Cincinnati Bridge Company, or any other com-
pany or person, to proceed in the erection of the
bridge now being constructed over the Ohio river
from the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of New-
port, Kentucky, unless the bridge shall be so con-
structed that the channel span shall have under said
span a clear headway, at low water, of one hundred
feet below the floor beams suspended from the bot-
tom of the posts, and in such case no draw-bridge
shall be required in said bridge: Providedf ihat
this act shall not be so construed as to create any
claim for damages against the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask to have the word
"act" changed to "section," in the clause
offered by me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatchango
will be made.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not want this ques-
tion taken to-night. I should like a little more
reflection upon it. Besides that, it is pretty
late, and I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn ; and on that motion I ask for the
y eas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Fen ton, Flan-
agan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Johnston, McCreery. McDonald,Miller,Nye,
Seott, Stockton, Thayer, 'Tipton, Vickers, and Wil-
liarns—18. , .
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony. Blair,
Boreman. Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Davis,! owler,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, Mom 1 of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, lleveis, iiob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, bprague,
Stewart, Tburmau, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
Wilson—33. „ , , -r, , •
ABSENT— Messrs. Bayard,. Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Catteli. Conkiins, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry, Hamlin, Hill, Howard, Howell, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Patterson, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsoury,
Schurz, Stearns, Sumner, and Yates 23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, as amended .
Mr. CRAGIN. Ou this question I am paired
with the Senator from Michigan,. [Mr. How-
ard.] If he were here he would vote against
this amendment, and I should vote for it.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas Al,
nays 22; as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
