3X2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
otherwise infamous crime unless an a presentment
and indictment of a grand jury, except in cases aris-
ing in the land or naval forces, or in the militia,
when in actual service, in time of war or public
danger."
And then it proceeds:
"Nor shall any person bo subjcct for the same
offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;
nor stall be compelled in any criminal ease, to be a
witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property, without due process of law; nor
shall .private property be taken for public use with-
out just compepsation."
This falls into the clause of the protection of
private rights against national authority exer-
cised under color of law, but without its forms.
It is a part of the same provision which says
that nobody shall be deprived of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law. This
man was deprived of this property—there is
no doubt about that—and he was deprived of
it, if this constitutional provision applies to
the case at all, without due process of law;
because my fiieud from Wisconsin knows that
the wor^s "due process of law" have long
been understood and settled as meaning a reg-
ular judicial condemnation according to the
methods and processes existing in tunes of
peace. That is the "due process of law."
So that this man was deprived of his property
"without due process of law," in the sense of
that article. Nobody can dispute it. And so
were tlie soldiery in that fort, when they were
destroyed by tli£ explosion of one of their own
guns, deprived of life without due process of
law, but nobody supposes that the command-
ing officer who required them to load the gun
had violated the Constitution, I suppose, in
doing it. Of course it is absurd to maintain
that this clause of the Constitution, securing
life, liberty, and property to citizens, has any
application to a state of actual public warfare:
The Constitution, so far as this clause of it is
concerned, is silent, is suspended, to use a
common phrase; not suspended in the sense
of being overthrown, but other of its facul-
ties are brought into operation, and these fac-
ulties are for the time being superseded, inap-
plicable.
This has been settled by the courts for a great
while, and I am surprised that my friend from
Wisconsin should endeavor to press this clause
of the Constitution into the- service ot Dr.
Best, as showing that we had taken his private
property for public use, either without due
process of law or without making the compen-
sation which this clause of the Constitution
requires us to make. When private property
within the meaning of this clause of the Con-
stitution is taken for public use, it is taken by
"due process of law," which is provided for
in the preceding^ line, because if under these
circumstances it is taken without due process
of law the man gets his pay for it by an action
of trespass for damages; and that has b«en
settled, f was going to say, a thousand times,
but a great many times by decided oases. He
is not obliged to appeal to the good nature or
generosity of the sovereign will to give him
compensation for property that is taken by due
process of law for public use, for the reason
that if it be so, that same due process of law
secures to him that which the Constitution
guaranties, compensation.
If, then, it is takeu otherwise, it is taken
by private and illegal violence, where another
process of law gives him redress through the
courts for the full value of his property ; or it
is taken by public force as the incident of
absolute warfare, in which case the constitu-
tional provision does not apply to it at all, as
the laws of nations say, because this is only
carrying out what the publicists had known for
a great many years to be the law of nations.
It is taken, then, by public force, as an inci-
dental calamity of public warfare, in respect
to which a Government is under no obligation
to make compensation to its citizens or any-
body else. There is the distinction.
If, in anticipation of a state of warfare,
which may or may not come, the Government
finds it necessary to appropriate private prop-
erty for a fort, or for a store-house, or for an
arsenal, or for whatever it may be, then it falls
within the equity of taking private property for
public use; and compensation always is made.
The laws of nations recognize and the law of
nature recognizes that it is proper to make
compensation, because it is an appropriation
by the public authority, a peaceable appro-
priation of private property for the exigen-
cies of public service; and in such a case as
that payment always ought to be made; and
in all the wars it has been more or less made.
The principle of it, however you may differ
about its application to particular cases, has
always been recognized. Therefore, if in the
course of the construction of this fort atPadu-
cah this military commission had proceeded
to execute its final duties, and had condemned
this house of Dr. Best as being one that ought
to be taken iii order to complete the defensi-
bility of the place, ^nd it had then been ap-
propriated, when there was 110 actual emer-
gency of actual warfare going on, it would
have been within the line of safe precedents,
as an appropriation of private property for
public use, for which he would have had a just
claim upon the Government, and it would have
been willingly paid. But the trouble with this
case upon that point is, that nothing of the
kind ever occurred. They took it into con-
sideration whether they would or would not
condemn this house as being within the space
necessary for the military occupation and
safety of the citadel; bnt for some reason or
other, we are told, outside of the report, that
it was because they did not have time, they
did not do it. That, however, was three years
before ; that was in 1861.
Whether Dr. Best was very anxious in 1861,
at Paducah, Kentucky, to have his house con-
demned and appropriated to the public use,
and destroyed, and be paid for it, is a question
upon which we have not any information. It
is more than probable, to my mind—but, of
course, it is candid to say that this is mere
speculation, for I know nothing about it—that
Dr. Best was not desirous of having his house
condemned and taken in 1861. He did not
want it appropriated to the public use, either
within the letter or the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. He wanted to occupy it himself; he did
not want to give it up ; and so the officers went
on and did not take it, and did not appropri-
ate it.^ There was then, probably, no danger in
the minds of the citizens of that town and in
the neighborhood of that fort that the rebels
would ever get into such vicinity as to give
thera any trouble. So he did not want his
house taken; at least it does not appear that
he did. He continued to be the private owner
of it, the private occupant of it, enjoying it as
much as he would have enjoyed it without the
fort, so far as we know, until there came this
absolute invasion of the enemy two or three
years afterward, when, as the report itself
fairly and distinctly states, it was seized and
occupied by the enemy as a fort for themselves,
and a fort that was doing great execution
against the occupants of our own fort. They
were shelled out of it. How far the house
was destroyed by that shelling the committee
do not tell us. They propose that we shall
pay for the house in its perfect order, and its
contents and all 
Mr. PRATT. Not at all.
Mr. HOWE]. There is a reduction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not rise all at once,
gentlemen. Let us see. The report says:
" The value of.claimant's property so destroyed is
proved "with particularity, and satisfactorily to the
committee, amounting to §27,653 03."
They recommend that we shall pay $25,000
of that, because—
/'It is the opinion of the committed that the inju-
ries to the claimant's house by shelling out the rebels
m the battle of the 25th of March may be regarded
as a casualty by the general ravages of war"—
That is quite an admission to make—
"which might properly be deducted from the
amount of loss proved by claimant. And as no
proof is found of the injury during the battle, and
as the burning of tho property followed so soon after
the balile as to almost preclude the possibility of
proof upon that point, the committee have icported
a bill for the payment of $25,000."
That is to say, there being here a claim
against the Government for the total value of
a house and its contents, which was seized and
taken possession of by the rebels, held by them
under a fierce fire from the fort and gun-boats
the whole of one day until eleven o'clock at
night, and it then being burned up, between the
two armies the next morning, the United
States is recommended by this committee to
pay $25,000, out of $27, 000, the full value,
because they cannot tell us whether it was much
injured or not by what they call the casualties
and ravages of war in being the citadel and
stronghold of the enemy on the one side and
the object of attack of all the gun-boats and the
fort on the other, from morning until midnight
of that day. I think, Mr. President, that I was
justified m saying, in a substantial sense, and
I did not mean to overstate it, that this com-
mittee have substantially given to this claim-
ant the value of all his property, charging to
us the injury produced by our shells as well as
the injury produced by the rebels and by the
burning; because, solving every doubt against
the Government, they have only taken out the
smallest possible fraction as an allowance for
this shelling of that whole fourteen or fitteen
hours from the gun-boats and from the fort.
These are the facts as reported by the com-
mittee. It must be borne in mind upon these
facts—and I am free to confess it—that this
case will not be a precedent, if rejected, for
many of the cases that are now on the Calendar
and are before Congress of claims growing out
of the war. If allowed, it will certainly be a
precedent for almost any claim that a citizen
can make anywhere, because, as I have stated,
(and it must not be put out of sight,) this was
property occupied by this person in his own
right until on the day of an invasion by the
rebels, and in the midst of a battle, it was seized
and occupied by them, and so held and occu-
pied by them for the purposes of warfare until
.six hours before it was burned down by our
troops, and after having been thus occupied
it was burned down, when their lines were
approaching it on the one side, and ours were
resisting them.upoifthe other. That is the case.
Now, I undertake to say that not one of the
instances referred to by my honorable friend
yesterday, of the acts passed after the war of
lbl2, have the remotest application to a case
of this character. They all of them stand upon
the principle I have described, that where pri-
vate property has been taken and occupied by
our troops as military store-houses, as places
of deposit for public material, as military work-
shops, as barracks, and in consequence of that
occupation the fire of the enemy has been drawn
upon them, or we have been obliged to destroy
them in order to prevent their falling into the
hands of the enemy, then, upon the principles
of public law that have existed for five hun-
dred years, we have made compensation ; but
when as an incident of and as an act of war
the property of a citizen is destroyed in con-
sequence ot a battle going on, whether by the
guns of the one side or the other, he has no
claim at all, for a plain reason; and when Sen-
ators reflect upon the reason—and it is a very
simple one, one that everybody knows ; they
only need to be reminded of it—they will see
that there is no moral obligation even to pay
for claims of this character. The reason is
this: when society is formed, a compact of
individuals making a Government, the individ-
not enter into a stipulation to devote
all his energies to support the Government and
none to support himself. The Government,
on the other side, does not enter into any stip-
ulation to insure the citizen against loss of
v °,r.^oss. ProPeHy by public calamities.
iN o obligation of that kind is entered into by
society when it forms itself into % govern-
