1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fcbrnary 11,
commissioners trader the acts of July 2, 1836,
and March 3, 1837.
The Mil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bartholomew cousin's representatives.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2372.'
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R.No?2372) for the relief of certain purchasers
of lands from the legal representatives of Bar-
tholomew Cousin was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The preamble recites
that the claim of Bartholomew Cousin, or his
legail representatives, is embraced in Recorder
Bates's report of February 2, 1816, and con-
firmed to the extent of a league square, and
,urvejr No. 2196 was made for the same in
the year 1818; that a further confirmation was
made of eight hundred and ninety-nine arpens;
or six hundred and sixty-four and seventy^
eight hundredths acres, in the favorable re-
port, No. 61, of the board of commissioners,
under the acts of Congress of the years 1832
and 1833, confirmed by the act of July, 1836.
The bill provides that the county surveyor of
the county of Cape Girardeau, Missouri, or
whomsoever may be designated by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, may
select an area in compact form, as near as
may be to the quantity of acres of the con-
firmation by act of July 4, 1836, according to
legal subdivisions, and in full satisfaction of
the claim, beginning at a corner where a line
of the survey No. 2196 intersects the north
line of section twelve, township thirty-one
north, range eleven east, near the northeast
corner of section twelve ; thence with the line
of the survey No. 2196 to a corner of that
survey, in section twenty-three; thence west-
wardly on a line a sufficient distance that a
line projected northwardly, parallel with the
western boundary line of survey No. 2196,
and running eastwardly to the place of begin-
ning, will include the quantity of six hundred
and sixty-four and seventy-eight hundredths
acres. And thereafter, and within one year
from the passage of the act, the parties claim-
ing in right of Cousin any tract outside of the
limits of the survey numbered 2196 and the
selection authorized by the act to make good
the second confirmation, are, on satisfactory
proof to the register and receiver of the land
district in which the tracts are situated of such
right, to make payment therefor at the rate of
$1 25 per acre, or by preemption or claim of
homestead, according to the laws of the United
States in such cases made and provided. Any
tract or parcel of land, after the survey and
adjustment of the confirmation, which is not
embraced therein, but withheld from sale by
the Government of the United States by rea-
son of the supposed interference and non-
survey of the second confirmation, thereafter
and in one year from the adjustment of the
'survey any party <v: person residing upon and
cultivating such tract or parcel of land with-
held from sale before the passage of the pres-
ent act, upon making satisfactory proof to the
register and receiver of the land district in
which such tracts or parcels are situate of
actual settlement, may enter such tracts, not
to exceed one hundred and sixty acres, includ-
ing improvements, at $1 25 per acre, or claim
the same as a homestead, agreeably to the
act of Congress granting homestead to actual
settlers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
leavenworth and galveston railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 194.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 194) to enable the Leav-
enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company tp relocate a 'portion of its road was
considered in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to allow the Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Railroad Company, for the pur-
pose of improving its route and accotamodat-
ing the country, to relocate any portion Of its
road within the limits of its land grant, but
not to enlarge or diminish the same.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading,' read the third
time, and passed.
SETTLERS IN IOWA.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 295.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 295) relating to rights
of actual settlers upon certain lands was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the joint resolution with amendments. The
first amendment was to strike out the first
section after the resolving clause, in the fol-
lowing words:
That it was not the intent of the joint resolution
of March 2. 1861, entitled "A joint resolution to
quiet titles in the State of Iowa," and the subsequent
act entitled "An act confirming a land claim in the
State of Iowa, and for other purposes," approved
July 12, 1862, to interfere with, or in any manner
affect, the right of any homestead or preemption
settlement which had accrued at the date of the
approval thereof, or to prevent any such home-
stead or preemption claimant from perfecting his
claim on any part of said land, and securing title
thereto under the preemption and homestead laws
of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines nine and ten, to strike out the words " to
recover the value of said improvements from
the legal owner, and to all other" and to
insert the words "to all the;" so that the
section will read:
And be it further resolved. That should any settler
upon any of said lands, who made said settlement
with bona fide intent to enter the same under the
provisions of the homestead or preemption laws of
the United States, and who has continued to reside
upon and improve the same, or the assigns of any
such claimant who has continued such settlement,
as aforesaid, until judgment may have been, or may
be, rendered against him by a competent court of
the United States, such settler shall be entitled to
all the remedies and reliefs provided by the laws of
the State of Iowa, enacted for the purpose of pro-
tecting the rights of occupying claimants.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. In the second line of the
second section, which is now the only sec-
tion of the joint resolution, the word " said"
should be stricken out and "public" inserted
before the word " lands."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
Concurred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THOMAS 15. VALENTINE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2973.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. R. No. 2973) for the relief of Thomas B.
Valentine was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The bill proposes to require the
ninth circuit court of the United States for
California to hear and decide upon the merits
the claim of Thomas B. Valentine, claiming
title under a Mexican grant to Juan Miranda,
to a place called the " Rancho Arroyo de San
Antonio," situate in the county of Sonoma,
California, in the same manner and with the
same jurisdiction as if the claim had been duly
presented to the board of land commissioners
under the provisions of the act entitled "An
act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California," approved
March 3, 1851, and an appeal had been duly
taken from their decision to the district oourt
of California by Valentine. On the hearing,
any testimony heretofore taken before the
board of commissioners in relation io the claim
on behalf of the claimant or of the United
States may be read, subject to all just excep-
tions to its competency; and additional testi-
mony on either part may be taken under the
order and direction of the circuit court as to
the validity and extent of the claim. An appeal
may be taken from the final decision and de-
cree of the circuit court to the Supreme Court
of the United States, by either party, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the tenth section
of the act of March 3, 1851, but no judgment
is to be finally entered in favor of the claimant
until hearing and affirmation by the Supreme
Court of the United States; nor is the Secre-
tary of the Interior to execute this law until a
decree in favor of the claimant shall be affirmed
by the Supreme Court of the United States,
and a decree under the provisions of this act
in favor of the claim is not to be construed to
establish or in any way affect any right, title,
claim, or possession to the lands described it*
the decree; but in lieu thereof the claimant,
or his legal representatives, may select and is
to be allowed patents for an equal quantity of
the unoccupied . and unappropriated public
lands of the United States, not mineral, and
in tracts not less than the subdivisions pro-
vided for in the United States land laws, and,
if unsurveyed when taken, to conform, when
surveyed, to the general system of United
States land surveys; but the quantity of land
hereby granted is not to exceed thirteen thou-
sand acres. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, is to be authorized to issue
scrip, in legal subdivisions, to Valentine or hia
legal representatives, in accordance with the
provisions of the act, but no more than two
sections are to be located in any one township
in the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know if
there is a report accompanying this bill. It
has not even been referred to any committee,
I understand.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This claim has been be-
fore Congress for four or five years, and has
been reported upon in both Houses ei' Con-
gress favorably on several occasions. There
is a bill reported from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims of the Senate at the last
session of Congress now upon the Calendar
which is substantially like this bill, except that
this bill is improved somewhat, and I think
is more restrictive upon the claimant than the
bill that has been reported from the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims. When this bill
came here from the House I stated that it was
not necessary to refer it to the Committee on
Private Land Claims, as we had considered the
subject at considerable length and had reported
in substance such a bill. That is the reason
for its not having been referred to that com-
mittee. There is a large pile of papers accom-
panying this bill somewhere, either here or in
the House, and there have been several reports
in several different Congresses in favor of this
claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the bill had bet-
ter be laid aside to give me an opportunity
to look into those reports. The bill may be
perfectly right, but it will take some time to
examine the papers, and I suggest to the Sen-
ator to pass it over.
Mr. STEWART. I think I could satisfy the
Senator from Vermont in regard to this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I oan see some
objections to it on the face of the bill, which
may be obviated by the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thur-
max in the chair.) This portion of the day was
set apart for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Public Lands and the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and the
Chair will suggest to Senators whether a bill
not reported by either of those committees can
be taken up except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then we can take up the
