1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
he read for information; after which objec-
tions, if any, will be in order.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. WILKINSON
objected.
taxes in thb insurrectionary states.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill (S. No. 995} for the relief of purchasers
of lands sold for direct taxes in the late in-
surrectionary States, be taken from the Speak-
er's table, on which the Senate has asked for
a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, for the purpose of
moving that the House insist on its amend-
ments, and agree to the conference asked for
by the Senate.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and the conference
asked by the Senate was agreed to.
tax on fermented liquors.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means a joint resolution to amend section four
of the act of July 20, 1808, and have it put
upon its passage now.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
so to amend section four of the act of July 20,
18G8, in relation to fermented liquors, that it
shall not apply to the making of fermented
liquids used for the manufacture of vinegar
exclusively; but nothing in this act shall be
construed to authorize the distillation of such
fermented liquids, except in an authorized
distillery.
Mr. KERR. I objcct.
Subsequently,
Mr. KERR withdrew his objection.
Mr. McCOIlMICK, of Missouri. I desire to
hear the jointresolution again read, and mean-
while reserve the right to renew the objection.
The joint resolution was again read.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I do not
objcct.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 520) to
amend section four of the act of July 20, 1868,
was accordingly received, and read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and atso moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
survey and sale of public lands.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (H.
R. No. 2173) to amend an act entitled "An act
to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of the public lands of the United States,"
approved May SO, 1802, with an amendment
by the Senate, for the purpose of moving that
the Senate amendment be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
Senate will be read for information; afterwhich
objections, if any, will be in order.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
folio ws:
At the end of the bill add the following:
And ofleet shall be given to this act by regulations
to bo prescribed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Mr. WILKINSON. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman not
to object. Why should effect not be given to
the act ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I insist on my objec-
tion.
Sometime subsequently,
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table the bill
(S. No. 687) to incorporate the Texas Pacific
railroad, on which the Senate has asked a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, for the purpose of
moving that the House insist on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the Senate, and agree
to the request for a committee of confer-
cdc6.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done while
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations is entitled to the floor.
Several members called for the regular
order.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to reconsider the vote
whereby the House laid upon the table the bill
(H. R. No. 3064) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts desires to make a brief statement to the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the motion is not
open for discussion.
The SPEAKER. It ia not, if objection is
made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us hear
the gentleman. The bill must be passed in
some form.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was
an instructive day. I think all of us learned
something yesterday. Those who have felt
disposed to.make the Committee on Appro-
priations occupy the position, at whatever of
responsibility or of odium there might be", of
obstructionists ia the progress of what has
been deemed elsewhere necessary public works
had their day yesterday. They have no occa-
sion to complain that the committee did not
present their views fairly to the House and
submit those views to the judgment of the
House. The House accepted them with won-
derful unanimity; indeed, after the vote of Sat-
urday last, against the ineffectual effort of the
committee at the outset to stay the progress
of the commencement of new public works, it
seemed to the committee that any further op-
position would be unavailing. Yet they felt it
their duty to present, as the organ of the House,
the views of those who ought to be respons-
ible, and to accept the judgment of the House.
By a two-thirds vote, on yesterday, every new
public work was by the House inserted in the
bill, and after that was done the House shrunk
from its own work and strangled its own off-
spring.
Sir, I move a reconsideration for the pur-
pose of giving the House an opportunity, if
they desire it, to retrace their steps, and undo,
if they wish, what they did yesterday. I have
no new argument to make, no new position
to assume before the House, and nothing to
qualify of my position as the representative
and organ of the committee, or as an individ-
ual member of the House at all times opposed,
in the present condition of the public Treasury
and the public burdens, to the commencement
of any new public works which the public
necessities do not demand. I propose, sir, to
ask to have printed in the Globe, consecutively,
the executive communications which the com-
mittee and the House have received upon the
subject of these public works.
There was no objection.
[The papers referred to by Mr. Dawes are
as follows r
Litter from the Secretary of the Tremury in answer la
a resolution of the House of Representatives relative
to the requirements of the -public (service fo/ new public
buildings.
treasury department, March 21,1870.
sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the following resolution, namely;
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House which,-it any, of the
public buildings not yet commenced, for which esti-
mates have been submitted at the present session to
either House of Congress from his Department, in
his opinion the public exigencies require to be com-
menced during the next fiscal year; and on which,
if any, of the public buildings now m process of con-
struction, for which estimates have so been made,
the public exigencies require the work to be contin-
ued during the said year."
In reply to the foregoing resolution I Inclose a table;
marked No. 1, giving a list of the buildings now being
constructed under the supervision of the Treasury
Department, with their location and character; also
a table, marked No. 2, showing the buildings for
which appropriations have been made, and upon
which work has not yet been commenced; also a
table, marked No. 3, giving the applications which
have been made for public buildings, together with
the proposed locatfou and use of each.
The public buildings at Springfield, Illinois, and
Bangor, Maine, are completed and occupied, but,
some work remains yet to be done upon the ap-
proaches, and the furniture is to be supplied. Those
at Wiscasset, Maine, and Ogdensburg, New York,
are all completed, save the approaches, and they
can be occupied as soon as furniture is provided
therefor.
Those at Astoria and Dalles City, Oregon, Port-
land, Maine. Cairo. Illinois, Madison, Wisconsin,
Des Moines, Iowa, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and
the sea-wall ot the revenue basin at New York, can
be completed during the present year if the appro-
priations estimated for are made.
It seems to me wise to make the appropriations
required for all except the mint at Dalles City.
The information in possession of the Department
tends to show that the building at Dalles City, Ore-
gon, will not be needed asa mint; nor is it certain
that it will be required as an assay office. It has
been suggested that it be converted into a court-
house and post office. In the present condition of
the work, I advise that no further expenditure be
incurred beyond what may be necessary to protect
the building. The entire cost of the building is esti-
timated at $100,000, of which $71,000 has been
already expended. If the character of the building
should be changed, as suggested above, a> saving of
$15,000 might be made. The balance on hand unex-
pended is rather more than twenty-nine thousand
dollars.
The work on the United States court-house and
post office building at New York city, the post office
and sub-Treasury building at Boston, Massachusetts,
and the branch mint at San Francisco, California,
should, in my opinion, be pressed forward to com-
pletion as soon as possible.
The urgency for the eomplotion of the build bags at
Portland, Oregon; St. Paul,Minnesota; and Chicago,
Illinois, is not so great; but inasmuch as the works
are commenced, it is probably wiser to make appro-
priations for their completion than to make appro-
priations for the commencement of other works ia
their stead.
Prom the best information I can obtain, it seems
desirable to commence work immediately at Nash-
ville, Tennessee; Columbia, South Carolina; and
Omaha, Nebraska.
The commencement of the buildings, for which
appropriations have been made, at Kuoxville, Ten-
nessee, and Machias. Maine, may, asl think, bepost-
poned until the spring of 1871, and I advise th-u the
appropriation for an assay office at Boise City, Idaho,
be repealed.
Of the new works proposed, but for which no appro-
priations have yet been made, as exhibited in table
No. 3, the greatest necessity exists, as far as the facts
arc known to this Department, at Hartford. Con-
necticut; Grand Rapids, Michigan; St. Louis and
Jefferson City, Missouri; Little Rock, Arkansas, and
Quincy, Illinois.
The information in possession of the Department
shows that a public building is much needed at
Albany. New York; but m consideration of the
fact that large expenditures arc going on in the city
of New York, that a necessity exists for continuing
works elsewhere already begun, and of commencing:
new works at some or all ot the points named in the
last preceding paragraph, I cannot advise an appro-
priation for Albany the present year.
The citizens of Kansas City, Missouri, offer, free
of cost, a suitable site for a public building at that
place, and 1 recommend, in view of its rapid growth
and the certainty that an expenditure for this pur-
pose will soon be required, that the land be accepted
and a moderate appropriation for a building be
made, with the understanding that it is not to be
commenced the present year. I ought to state, in
this connection, that the necessity for public build-
ings in the State of Missouri is greater, both at St.
Louis and Jefferson City, than at Kaftsas City. .
On the 1st of January last there were nineteen
public works in charge of the Treasury Department
unfinished. Of these four have been completed, and
nine will be completed during the present season if
the nccessary appropriations arc made.
Appropriations have been made, as appears by
