316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
we had been engaged. Now, to end all con-
troversy about that matter, I want to say to
my colleague and to the Senate that I admit
the correctness of that conclusion. There is
very high authority, I know, for calling -it a
mere "onpleasantnessbut my own opinion
is that it was a war. I have always acquiesced
in that doctrine. I stand upon it. But I do
not concede that because it was a war there-
fore there was not any obligation resting on
anybody. I do not concede that because it
was a war,-therefore the bonds of civil society
were all sundered and everybody was at lib-
erty to do just what he pleased, and that there
was no responsibility anywhere.
The other day, speaking somewhat in the
same strain, the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, not now in his seat, [Mr. Howard]—I
cannot recall his exact language—spoke of the
operations of war, the movements of armies,
as being necessarily, unavoidably infinite cal-
amities; that there was really no distinction
between the march of an army and devastation;
that necessarily wherever an army moved they
must leave desolation in their track. I deny
all that doctrine. The inarch of an army may
be and ordinarily should be as harmless to the
friends of the army as the movements of a
funeral procession. Armies are not so care-
ful and are not so conscientious as they ought
to be. There may be exigencies, and there
often are exigencies, arising in military oper-
ations which compel armies to do injury to the
property of their friends; but ordinarily there
is no such necessity. An army is not obliged
to burn fences, nor to slaughter pigs, nor to
rob hen-roosts, nor to rifle graveyards. There
is no obligation of law resting upon them to do
any of these things and no military necessity.
Our armies were attended by their commissa-
ries and their quartermasters. If they wanted
a ton of hay for their mules there was a quar-
termaster to deliver it to them ; if they wanted
their day's rations there was a commissary to
deliver them to them; and the poultry they got
and the pigs they took were not exactly super-
numeraries nor superfluities, but they were not
necessaries. Still, Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Claims, whenever they have found
the property of a citizen wasted by any such
operations as these have never felt called upon
to tax the Treasury to make compensation for
them. The public do not get the benefit of
such property; the soldiers, the officers, the
men who were employed in the service, get the
sole and exclusive benefit. So much for that.
The Senator from Vermont just now asked
the special attention of the Senate to a fact
which he affirms appears on the face of the
report submitted by the committee, to wit:
that this very house of Best's was taken pos-
session of by the enemy. That is true.' What
of it? The enemy did take possession of the
bouse one day. They were ''cleaned out," as
we say; they were compelled to leave the
house. What then? Did the fact that the
enemy were in possession of this house one
day exclude the house for ail time from the
protection of law ? Was it an outlawed house ?
Did it become a pest-house? Was it liable to
be destroyed by anybody and everybody? Had
the owner no longer any property in it? What
right had we over the house the next day, or
the next year, because the enemy had been
in the house the day before? Is any lawyer
hero prepared to advise me on that point?
The enemy did take possession of the bouse,
and wherever wo found the enemy we felt
we had a right to throw shot at them, aud
we did throw shot at them there.
The committee recognize that whateverdam-
age was done to the bouse was a portion of the
ravages of war, for which the Government is
not bound to make compensation. "Not
bound," 1 say; I think you do make compen-
sation in numberless cases to claimants not
half so equitably entitled to it as this man is to
the damage done bis house by your shot when
you were driving the enemy out of the house.
That is what I think; but I admit that by no
principle of municipal law or of public law
are you compelled to make compensation in
such a case as that. And why? Because the
war was just as lawful as plowing, just as lawful
as for you to drive along this street—every act
of war, the firing of guns, great, big guns, was
just as lawful as driving along this street; and
if by inadvertence, b)  casualty, you injure
property or person when driving peaceably
along the streets or wheu exercising an act of
war you are not to make compensation. So
that, if in firing at your enemies, as you have a
right to do, your balls slay a friend, you are
under no obligation of law to make compen-
sation to the friends of that friend of yours;
if you hit a house or kill a horse you are
under no obligation to make compensation. It
is inadvertence; it is a casual destruction of
property while in the exercise of lawful busi-
ness doing lawful acts.
But I say we undertook to make a discrim-
ination between the damage which was done
to this house while we were driving the enemy
out of it and that damage which we caused
to it deliberately, by our own considerate act,
after the enemy was driven out of it and had
not anything to do with it. Now, my friend
from Vermont says the committee only took
out two or three thousand dollars. That is
true. The committee told you caudidly and
fairly that the evidence did not enable them to
discriminate very accurately between the dam-
age that was done while you were firing at the
enemy and the damage that you did when there
was not any enemy within reach of the house.
As I said, 1 would not myself, if I was the
Government, deduct a dollar ; I would make
this citizen , who was made poor for your good,
as good as he was before, not as a matter of
law, but as a matter of fair dealing. But when
it comes to the amount of property that you
took from him by your deliberate act, and
applied to your uses and your purposes; then,
I say, as a matter of law, if I know anything
about law, upon all the precedents I have ever
seen or heard of, you are bound to pay him
that, to make him compensation for that.
Mr. President, let us try once more and look
up another difficulty. The Senator from Ver-
mont, acute as he is, following in the footsteps
of other Senators, has said again that this was
not taken by the Government; that this was
destroyed in battle. My friend, the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Mortox,] I think, made
that point the other day, that it was destroyed
in battle. So my colleague [Mr. Carpenter]
urged yesterday. Now, is there any need that
we should quarrel about a question of fact of j
that kind ? I never supposed there could be a j
battle unless somebody was fighting.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator has read,
undoubtedly, of battles which occupied two,
three, or five days. Does he suppose that
during all the hours in those days'everybody
was actually fighting at every particular period
of time ? During the battle in the Wilderness,
fought by General Grant, which lasted some
three days, does not everybody know that the
men lay on their arms and slept at night, and
rose in their places and renewed the battle
next morning? That was a continuous three
days' battle, and yet every night all the soldiers
on the field slept either the sleep of rest of the
sleep of death.
Mr. HOWE. Weil, Mr. President, I thank
God that I am not too old to be instructed.
Perhaps I am, not too old to learn that men
are fighting when they are sleeping. I have
heard it now for the first time. I know that
that is spoken of as a three days' battle. All
I have to say about it is that I do not believe
there was throe days' fighting there—three
days, of twenty-four hours each.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my colleague
allow me to give him another illustration ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose two men sit
down here to play a game of chess 
Mr. HOWE. I should think it would be
vprong. [Laughter. ]
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose they sit down
in the lobby, where it would not be wrong,
deliberately to play a game of chess; they play
till midnight one night, the game not one third
through, and they agree to leave everything
there and sleep till morning; and wheu morn-
ing comes they sit right down to the same game
with the same moves on the board, and con-
tinue it through that day and the next night;
getting sleepy at twelve o'clock they sleep
again, and on the third morning rise and con-
tinue the game and finish it: is that three
games of chess or one game? Now, the dis-
tinction between three battles and one battle,
as I take it, is this: if here are two opposing
forces struggling and contending upon the same
ground for three successive days, that is one
battle, although in the night they inay lie
down and sleep. If there are different forces
and different grounds occupied, and different
ends in view, then there are three distinct bat-
tles. That is the distinction as plain in the
case of a battle as in the case of a game of
chess.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the foree of
this last illustration I think I understand a lit-
tle better than I did the first. I should admit
with a great deal of cheerfulness and readi-
ness that it was not three games of chess, but
one, in the case put by my colleague. Bat,
suppose that, instead of playing one day till
twelve o'clock, then going to sieep, and get-
ting up the next day and taking their men pre-
cisely as they left them the night before and
going on, each player during the night replaced
his men on the board just to suit himself and
then they commenced again: would that be
one game of chess? [Laughter.] Is my col-
league absolutely certain that, in the three
days' fight at, Chaneellorsville, in the fight at
Chickamauga, and in all these other battles,
whenever the troops rose in the morning they
went to work precisely on the ground on which
they had bivouacked the night before?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not understand
that they did or were required to rise the next
morning in order to make it the same battle.
Those who had fallen on the day before of
course did not " come to time" the next morn-
ing . it was only the residue who came ; it was
only what was left of the contending forces ;
but they were nevertheless the same armies.
Grant and his forces, as many as remained,
were there on one side. The rebel army, as
many as remained of it, was there 011 the other.
They were the same identical forces, struggling
upon the identical fields, for the identical end.
That made it one continuous battle.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, let us cany
out this illustration of my colleague. The men
were substantially the same that fought from
the opening of the cannonade down at Charles-
ton to the close of die war before Richmond,
increased from time to time and diminished
from time to time by the exigencies or the
casualties of the war, but they were substan-
tially, (1 use the term now in the sense my col-
league uses it) they were essentially the same
men on both sides, and fighting for precisely
the same object, to see which would whip. So
it was but one battle, four years long. Now,
then, apply your doctrine to that four years'
battle and stand by it: when there is a battle
going on, whatever you want take, and do not
pay for it. There was a four years' battle jioing
on and everything you did wantyon got. Your
debt is but the net result of that taking of what
you wanted to fight this battle. It was all
property used up in this four years' battle.
I here is no dodging that logic. I take it, how-
ever, as a matter o£ law, that you have no more
