1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
his consent, to call up a bill which I think
wili not lead to much discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I gave notice that I should
not discuss any of these bills myself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This bill will be discussed
undoubtedly.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a written report
accompanying this bill. I only want to pass
those bills that will not be discussed; and if
the Senator's bill will lead to no discussion I
shall not object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the use of read-
ing a long bill now that will lead to discussion
and have to be passed over?
Mr. POMEROY. This is the best bill that
has ever been passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not been passed yet.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia desires to call up the bill which the
Senator from Wisconsin had laid aside I have
no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
which has just been read will be laid aside
informally.
MADISON AND PORTAGE CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 1017, which I was instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands to report back
this morning, it having been recommitted a
few days ago for the purpose of having two
amendments considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that bill will be considered as
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. The passage of the bill
with the two amendments proposed is recom-
mended by the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that that bill is in the Secretary's
office.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator from
California if lie will not consent to resume
the consideration of the bill which was laid
aside at his instance?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Senate will resume the con-
sideration of the bill referred to by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed tlie consideration of the bill (S. No.
663) to extend the time for completing a rail-
road between Madison and Portage City, and
giving construction to the acts of Congress
granting lands to the State of Wisconsin, to
aid in building railroads.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer an amendment,
which is the same that has been so much dis-
cussed in the Senate, and is substantially the
amendment adopted by the Committee on
Public Lands, to be put upon all these rail-
road land-grant bills. The effect of the amend-
ment is, in substance and in short, to open to
settlement the lands granted, or to preserve
them open for settlement under the public
land system of the United States, giving the
road only the proceeds of the lands.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add as additional sections to the bill
the following:
Sec.—.And be it further enabled. That the lands
hereby granted to said company (except such por-
tions thereof as shall be used by said company for
depots, ditches, water-stations, round-houso;., coal,
wood, lumber, and cattle-yards, sites for workshops
and other buildings or structures necessary for saia
road or branch road not exceeding forty acres at any
one place) shall be disposed of in themanner follow-
ing, namely: whenever any section of twenty-five
consecutive miles of said road or branch is completed
in a good, substantial, and workmanlike manner, as
a first-class railroad, as provided in the act creating
eaid company, then the Secretary of the Interior
shall issue to said railroad company, its successors
or assigns, certificates for all the lands hereby granted
mid being within said completed section of twenty-
five miles, for the benefit of the said road.. When-
ever another section of twenty-five consecutive miles
shall have been completed, as aforesaid, then the
Secretary of the Interior shall issue certificates to,
and deliver the same to. said railroad company, its
Successors or assigns, having or receiving the benefit
of this grant* in like manner for a like number, ana
so on, until said road arid 1) ranch are completed; and
the grants and powers hereby marie to and conferred
upon said company are upon condition that said road
and branch shall be completed within thetimehere-
tofore provided by law for the completion of said
road and its equipment.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
the president and secretary of said company, or its
successors or assigns, shall file or cause to be filed
with the Secretary of the Interior maps designating
the route of said road and branch thereof, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to with-
draw from market and sale or eDtry the lands em-
braced within the provisions of this act.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the lands
granted by this act shall be sold to persons desiring
to make actual settlementthereon, and improvement
thereof, at such prices as will secure to said company,
its successors or assigns, ai aforesaid, an average
price of not more than S2 50 per acre for the land
actually certified for each completed section of said
railroad or branch thereof; and to insure an enforce-
ment of this section it shall be the duty of the com-
pany receiving the certificates from the Secretary of
the Interior as aforesaid, for the lands granted in
aid of the construction of the first section of said
railroad and branch, and within one year thereafter,
to fix a price on each one hundred-and-sixty-acre
tract described in said certificates, in such manner
and at such rates that the average price of the whole
amount certified sliall not exceed $2 50 per acre, and
report the same to the Secretary of the Interior, ex-
posing one copy of such report to the public in the
office of the secretary of such company, and another
in the land office of the district; and any person
desiring to actually settle upon and improve said
land, or any Government subdivision thereof, shall
have the right to purchase, at the price so fixed, any
unsold pareelofsaid land upon payment ofsaid price;
and on payment therefor it shall be the duty of the
secretary of such company to make out duplicate
certificates of the sale under the seal of the company,
send one to the Secretary of the Interior, and deliver
the other to the purchaser; and'it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to issue to such
purchaser a patent for the land described in his cer-
tificate, as incases of landsold by the United States.
And the same form of proceeding shall be observed
with respect to the lands certified by the Secretary
of the Interior on each succeeding: completed sec-
tion of the main line of said railroad, and the branch
thereof: Provided, That no certificate of lands to
such company on any completed section after the
first shall be made by the Secretary of the Interior
until lie shall have received a report, as aforesaid,
of the price fixed on the land, certified for the next
preceding completed section of said railroad or
branch thereof: And provided further. That any land
embraced within the grant made by this aet remain-
ing unsold by the company constructing said main
line for the period of three years after the same
shall have been certified by the Secretary of the
Interior, as aforesaid, may be sold by said company
at any price not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
Mr. HOWE. I wish simply to remark that
that is a dreadful big amendment for a very
small bill. [Laughter.] I am not going to
take a moment's time in explaining it. I know
nobody understands it except the Senator from
California, and two or three others; and I
doubt if the two or three others do, or he does,
fully. [Laughter.] It will be found incongru-
ous. 1 want the Senate to vote upon it, to
vote for it or against it; and then I want the
bill passed. I shall vote against it myself.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to my friend
that his little bill must be of a peculiar char-
acter if it requires so large an amendment
as that to make it acceptable to the Senate.
[Leughter. ]
Mr. HOWE. That is my objection to the
amendment. I think it throws suspicion on
the character of the bill.
Mr. EDMONDS. It could not do that; it
was bad enough before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third_ time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for a division on
the passage of the bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 14.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr, POMEROY. I call for the yeas and
navs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So do I.
Mr. RAMSEY. Another count will do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; let us have the
yeas and nays. I am afraid there is not a
quorum present.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say once more that
the only object of this bill is to save to this
company a part of the benefits they would have
had if they had built the road within the time,
prescribed by the original act. It makes no
additional grant. It will inure to the benefit
of the company which has actually built the
road.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Chandler, Cole, Cragin
Davis. Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Ilarlan, How-
ard, Howe, Kellogg, Osborn, Potneroy, Pool, Ram-
sey, Bevels, Rice, iloss. Sawyer, Steams. Stewart,
Tipton, Warner, Willey, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Conkling, Edmunds, Fenton, Mor-
rill of Vermont.Pratt, Sherman, Sprague, Stockton,
Thurman. Vickers, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brown Sow,
Cameron. Carpenter, Cattell.Corbett. Ferry, Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris, Hill,
Howell, Johnston. Lewis, McOreery, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton. Nye, Patterson, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Scott, Spencer, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull, and Yates—32.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FltO.U THIS II0U3H.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebsos its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1071) for the relief of John Black, late con-
sul of tbe United States at the city of Mexico,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following Senate bill and joint
resolution with amendments; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
A bill (S. No. 569) to provide for the dis-
position of useless military reservations ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 242) relative
to the steamship Meteor.
AMENDMENT TO AN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted an amendment,
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(EL It. No. 2579) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June 80, 1872; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
GREAT SALT LAKE AND COLORADO RAILWAY.
Mr. POMEROY. I now ask that the amend-
ments of the Committee on Public Lands to the
bill which was read at length a few moments
ago may be concurred in. The committee
report several amendments to the bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1154) to incorporate the Great Salt Lake and
Colorado River Railroad Company, and to aid
in the construction of its road, and for other
purposes.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill has been read
in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on agreeing to the amendments reported by
tbe committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have they been read?
Mr. POMEROY. They have not yet been
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Public Lands
will be read.
The first amendment was in section one,
line twenty, to strike out tbe words " the most
available poiut at or near the," and to insert
the words "a point on the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico, in the
direction of the;" so as to make the clause
read:
And said corporation is hereby authorized and
empowered to lay out, locate, construct, furnish,
maintain, and enjoy a continuous railroad and tele-
graph line, with the appurtenances, beginning at or
near Great Salt Lake City, Utah; thence by Utah
lake, the Severn and Rio virgin rivers, to the head
of navigation on the Colorado river; and thence to
a poiut on the boundary lino between the United
