1144
ME .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
States and Mexico in the direction of the head of
the Gulf of California, by tho most eligible route, to
be determined by said, company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line thirty-three, after the word "and" to
insert the words "a majority;" so that the
clause will read:
The persbns hereinbefore named are hereby ap-
pointed commissioners, and shall be called the board
of commissioners of the Great Salt Lake and Colo-
rado River Kailway,Company; and a majority shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line eight, to strike out the word "timber."
Mr. POMEROY. That prevents them from
using timber ou the public lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line sixteen, to strike out the word "said"
before the word " Indians."
Mr. POMEROY. That is merely verbal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty, after the word "act" to strike
out the following words:
And in lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied
and unappropriated agricultural lands, in odd-num-
bered sections, nearest to the lands herein granted,
may be selected by said company under direction
of the Secretary of the Interior.
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That all mineral lands bo, and the same
are hereby, excluded from the operations of this
act.
Mr. POMEROY. I want that amendment
concurred in, because it prohibits the com-
pany from taking any lands in lien of mineral
lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line, twenty-six, after tlie word "coal" to in-
sert the word " landsso as to read :
Provided, however. That the word " mineral,"
when it occurs in this act, shall not be held to
include iron or coal lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line eighteen, after the word "preemption"
to strike out the words "and homestead."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line fifteen, to insert the word "priced" be-
fore the word "lists."
Mr. POMEROY. That is merely verbal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was in section five,
line thirty-five, after the words "proof of set-
tlement" to insert the words " and payment."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
lines fifty-three and fifty-four, to strike out the
words "and for the lands selected in lieu of
mineral lands."
Mr. POMEROY. That is rendered neces-
sary by a previous amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line fifty-eight, to strike out the words "the
lands selected in lieu of mineral lands, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ei ght,
lines seven and eight, to strike out the words
"served on the President of the United
States" and to insert "filed in the Depart-
ment of the Interior;" so as to make the sec-
tion read:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the accept-
anec of the terms, conditions, and impositions of
t ins aut by the said railway company shall be signi-
fied in writing, under the corporate seal of said com-
pany, duly executed pursuant to the direction of its
boaid of director fir&t had and obtained, whioli
acceptancc shall be made within two years after the
passage of this act, and not afterward, and shall be
filed in tho Department of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the amendments reported to the printed bi'i.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a short written
report accompanying the bill, which I should
like to have read, and then I shall ask for a
vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, let us hear the
excuse for bringing this bill in here.
Mr. CASSEHLY. I thought, by the consent
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, I bad leave a while ago to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 1017.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
had reference to the bill of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. CASSERLY. Oh, no.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have this report
read and take the vote on this bill. I shall
not occupy any time in discussing it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall not take the
vote without a little discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the committee will be read.
The Chief Clerk re'ad the following report,
submitted by Mr. Pomeroy, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, on the 20th of January
last:
The Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
reierred the bill S. No. Ilc4, report as follows:
A glance at the map of the United States will
indicate to any thoughtful mind the advantages of
a railroad through the country between Salt Lake
City and the mouth of the Colorado river.
The interior of the Territory of Utah is unfortu-
nately situated with respect to the great through
routes across our continent; for, while the Northern
Pacific makes its transit far to the north, the con-
templated Southern Pacific passes nearly as far
south, and the Union Central Pacific, the only road
which at all favors the Territory, runs through its
extreme northern part, and all productions of the
great basin, whether of soil, mines, or manufactories
must be "hauledfrom fifty to three hundred miles
before reaching an outlet for market. The Great
SaltLakeand Colorado river railway, starting from
Salt Lake City, ifc is intended shall follow up the
valley of the Jordan, and. skirting Utah lake by
way of Provo City, shall pass thence by way of Juab
valley to the Sevier river, and, running up the val-
ley of that stream, it will then seek the valley of
the Rio Virgin; passing down that until it reaches
the Colorado, it will follow the course of that river
to its southern termination on the Gulf of California,
a distance of about six hundred and seventy-five
miles.
It will thus be perceived that the most fertile and
productive part of central Utah would be opened by
rail communication to the outer world, to settlers
and to miners, to capitalists and to manufacturers.
This section of the Territory partakes of the char-
acter of the great interior basin, being an alterna-
tion of mountain ranges and intervening plains.
The plains are unproductive in their present state,
except in the valleys bordering on the rivers, in the
neighborhood of springs, and along the bases of the
mountains; but these plains would be redeemed by
the settlers through irrigation and the planting of
forest trees. Mines, however, are extensive, com-
prising gold, silver, copper, coal, &e., while m the
vicinity of Little Salt Lake, which lies on the line
of route of the road, extensive deposits of iron ore
occur. In this neighborhood there exists a ridge of
magnetic iron ore, nearly pure.
In San Pete county, and elsewhere in that region,
near the northern end of the route, coal also ex-
ists. The coal is all bituminous in quality, and
gives an iutense heat.
In its course down the Colorado the road would
run through gold and silver fields of Nevada and
California, approaching within a close distance,
also, those of Arizona; fields upon which thousands
have been spent in the fruitless effort to extract the
precious ore with pecuniary advantage, but which
have realized nothing to the investor because ot the
great expense attendant upon bringing the neces-
sary machinery to the mines, and of sending the
product to market by the present unreliable and
costly means of communication.
The valley of the Rio Virgin in theextreme south-
ern part of Utah, and which this road would reach,
is extremely productive, and tropical fruits may be
abundantly grown there. Cotton also is produced in
this valley, to the extent of one hundred and fifty
pounds per acre, but, of course, only for home con-
sumption, as in its present isolated position it would
not pay to raise for the general market. This val-
ley, also, is the only place, with one exception, in
the Territory where corn may be profitably grown,
the nights being too cool in other parts for largo
crops.
The distance, however, which it is necessary to
travel by ordinary conveyance to reach these val-
leys is so serious adrawbackin thominds of settlers
seeking tor homes, and others seeking for invest-
ment of capital, that they naturally turn to regions
presenting less natural attractions, butf&vored with
eaMorand quicker communications.
Thus tht">e valleys and mines arc left undeveloped,
and will long remain so, except a railroad, giving
tjuick and cheap transportation to settlers and ma-
chinery. is built through and to them.
TUen, agam, there are in this region Indian re-
serves and Government forts, to which it is neces-
sary to forward supplies and military stores; and
the experience of the iJovernaw;nt in the lessening
of its transportation expenses- i  the States and
Territories traversed by railroads has been ample-
enough to leave no doubt on its Blind of the jeal
economy of granting reasonable assistance to such
means of communication j and it is but ueee.^ary to
view the rapid, almost marvelous, development of
sueh portions of our western eountry traversed by
railroads to understand their magieal influence and
to appreciate the merits ol this bill*
The principal feature of the bill, however, in com-
parison with other land grants, is the manner in
which the lands are to be taken and disposed of.
In some grants heretofore made there has been
given to the corporators a certain quantity of land
to which they receive full title, without reservation,
upon the completion of their roads. These lanUs
they have placed in market at prices varying irorn
two to ten dollars an acre. , > ,
By the terms of the bill for the Utah road the
company cannot place a price on the lands exceed-
ing an average of $2 50 per acre, and must sell the
same to actual settlers only, and not to exceed one
hundred and sixty acres to any one person, the pat-
ent to be issued to the settler by the Government
upon proof* of compliance with the law; and it is
only after settlers have declined to purchase the
lands that the company may sell the same to other
persons. Further, the lands cannot be soicl except
the road is built, and then only along the con-
structed portion; thus the company is reouired to
build each section of road Before itcan realizea cent
from the grant, and even then, to actual settlers is
given the first right of purchase. This feature of
the bill will give to the pioneer who seeks a borne
an assurance that he can obtain the land he may
improve without being at the mercy of any corpor-
ation, and strongly recommends it to favor.
On the score, too, of political economy this bilJ
has claims to a favorable consideration. The Mor-
mon question has long been a perplexing one with
the Government, hut no surer or more speedy way
to eradicate the evil can bo adopted than to present
such inducements as will bring a rapid settlement
to the Territory. The passage of this bill is desir-
able, as it will open to settlement a neglected and
yet very valuable portion of the country if placed*
under cultivation and civilization, and also afford
facilities for the commerce of those great inland
valleys with the ocean which they can obtain in no
other way.
Before the reading of the report was con-
cluded,
Mr. COLE. I am told by Senators that this
bill will be discussed, and I have been waiting
until a late hour in the day to call up and finish
the appropriation bill that is yet incomplete.
I suppose we have abundant time this Satur-
day afternoon to complete that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. This day was r.ssigne<J
to the Committee on Public Lands and two
other committees by unanimous consent, and
the Senator has not the right to come in here
now and make a motion ot that kind. I know
it is in the power of the Senate,, by a majority
vote, to do anything; but I submit to the Sen-
ator that this day was appropriated to the
Committees on Pensions, Public Lands, and
Private Land Claims. It is Saturday rfter-
nooii. If the Senator wants to call up his bill
so as to leave it as the unfinished business
when we adjourn, I have 110 objection to that.
Mr. COLE, ltistheunfimshedbusinessnow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill is the unfinished business, bnt its
consideration is suspended until after the dis-
position of the Georgia matter by the order
of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know my
friend from Kansas is as anxious to I'urwttul
public business as any member of the Seimt-.
1 suggest to hitn whether he had not better
allow the chairman of the Committee 011 Ap-
propriations to finish up one appropriation biii
this week. It cannot be taken up on Monday
if it is not taken up to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that.
Mr. COLli. Iam importuned by Senators all
around me who are very anxious and waiting
for the disposition of this bill to dispose of the
appropriation bill this afternoon, and I there-
fore submit a motion to suspend the pending
order and take up the legislative appropriation
bill. If I thought the Senator's bill could go
through without discussion I would not inter-
fere ; but 1 am assured by Senators that it
will not.
1 Mr. POMEROY, (to Mr. Coi.e ) Do ;mt
li think your bill can go through without discus-
i| sion?
