1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Treasury Department-,
Office op the Secretary,
February 18, 1871.
Silt: Mr. IIawley, of tlie House, from Illinois,
having called upon me this morning in reference to
a recommendation made by tins Department at the
last session fur the erection of a custom-house and
post office at Quincy, Illinois, I take the liberty of
stating the facts which prevented its consideration
by mo at, this session.
Neither Mr. JXawley nor any o-ne else having
called ray attention to tho recommendation in be-
half of Quincy, the ease did not even occur to me in
making my recommendations for the present session.
I have no information in addition to what was pos-
sessed by tho Department when the letter of March
21, 1370. was written; but I presume the reasons for
an appropriation at that point are not less strong
than th^y were at that time.
Quincy was upon the list of public buildings rec-
ommended in that letter, and had my attention
been called to it at the present session I should
have made a similar recommendation concerning it.
Very respectfully, QE0_ g_ BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. II. L. Dawes, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations, Home of Ilcprcscntatives.]
Mr. DAWES. I shall ask a vote of the
House upon the reconsideration of the vote
they gave yesterday to lay the sundry civil
appropriation bill, providing more than any
one bill in time of peace for tho carrying on
of the Government of the country, upon the
table; and it' the House desires to afford them
the opportuny of taking the identical bill as
it passed the House with every new work that
was inserted yesterday stricken out of it, and
everything pertaining to them, I wish to offer
that as a substitute to the whole bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman if he means to strike out the
second section.
Mr. DAWES. I mean to strike out of the
bill every new public work not already com-
menced. That is my intention. I do not pro-
pose to strike out the paragraphs commencing
on the thirty-sixth page, providing for the car-
rying on of public works already begun, such
as the completion af the custom-house at
Astoria, Oregon, $10,000, &a. I think I can
indicate those provisions of the printed bill
which I propose to strike out, if desirable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us know
exactly what the proposition is to be.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to thegen-
tleman if it would not be better to refer this
bill back to the Committee on Appropriations
where the gentleman can fix it.
Mr. DAW15S. It would not. because there
is not time, and I should lose my position. I
propose to strike out the appropriation for the
branch mint at San Francisco.
Mr, SARGENT. Oh, no, that is an old
work, which is now being completed.
Mr. DAWES. I beg pardon; thatisnotone
of those I propose to strike out. I propose to
strike out from the fifty-sixth line, on page 38,
down to the one hundred and twentieth line,
on the fortieth page.
Mr. KELSEY. You want to go further than
that.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to strike out on
the forty first, page, from the one hundred and
twenty fifth line to the one hundred and thirty-
second line.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What does that
include? .
Mr. DAWES. That is for the buildings at
Quincy, Illinois, and the extension at Indian-
apolis. Then I propose to strike out from the
one hundred and thirty-ninth line to the one
hundred and sixty-fifth line ; and then 1 pro-
pose to strike out all the amendments that were
inserted for new public buildings.
Let me restate it in general terms. First, I
propose to strike out of my substitute every
new public work not already commenced ex-
cepting the League Island navy-yard. The
reason I do not strike out League Island is
because I presented my views upon that sub-
ject to the House on Saturday night, and the
House by a vote of three to one voted to com-
mence that public work.
Mr. LOGAN. So they did in reference to
the others.
Mr. MAYHAM. Was the vote on League
Island any more decisive than the one on the
Albany post office?
Mr. DAWES. The House is in no doubt
as to my views of the public service, but my
purpose in framing the substitute is to bring
the bill into such a shape as to command a
majority of the House, and nothing further.
It is out of no personal regard for League
Island, as the House will believe, that I pro-
pose to include the appropriation for that
work. If any gentleman wishes to move to"
strike out League Island I will offer him the
opportunity.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] whether what he intends is not
simply this: to move to strike out of the bill
such new works not now authorized by law
as required a suspension of the rules in order
to have them inserted in the bill?
Mr. DAWES. My intention is to strike out
every new work not already begun. I excepted
League Island solely because that encountered
my opposition on my own responsibility in the
House on Saturday last. I felt that I had
been fully heard by the House, and the House
did not a<*ree with me on the subject. How-
ever, I believe now, as I believed on Saturday
in regard to that proposition ; and therefore
if any member desires to again test the sense
of the House upon that measure I will cheer-
fully give him the permission to do so in the
form of an amendment. My purpose has been
to meet the trouble this bill has encountered,
and to meet that alone. If any other gentle-
man in the House can further relieve this bill,
so far as I have control of it 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not that allow
everybody to offer amendments?
Mr. DAWES. I now call for a vote on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] a ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has by unanimous consent made an
explanation to this House, and now calls for
a vote on his motion to reconsider the vote
whereby the House laid the bill on the table.
Is there objection to continuing the debate ?
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. CALKIN. I object to any further
debate.
Mr. AMBLER and Mr. HOLMAN moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is right.
The question was taken on the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; and
upon a division there were—ayes 35, noes
108.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. AMBLER, Mr. BUTLER of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. HOLMAN called for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes 21, noes
106; not one fifth voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were ayes twenty-seven; onefifth of
a quorum voting in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the vote ordering tellers will be considered as
an order of the yeas and nays.
No objection was made; and the yeas and
nays were ordered accordingly..
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas £4, nays 153, not
voting 33 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Asper, Bailey, Beatty, Biggs, Booker, Benjamin F.
Butler, William T. Clark. Clinton L.Cobb, Corker,
Degener, Dickinson, Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Dox,
Duke, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, (ietz, llaldeman,
llambleton, Hawkins, Hay, Hoge, Itolman, Lawrence,
Lewis, Loughridse, Manning, Marshall, McCrary,
McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey,
Mungen, Pomeroy, Reeves, Rice, Stiles, Stone,
Strader, Tanner, Vrtn Trump. Ward, Willard, Win-
chester, Wiroher, Wood, and Young—54.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barnum. Barry, Benman, Beck,
Bennett, Benton, Bethune, Bingham. Bird, Blair,
Boles,Bowen,George M.Brooks, James Brooks.Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burdctt, Burr, Roderick It. But-
ler, Catkin, Cebsna, Churchill, Sidney Cl;u ke, Am.isa
Cobb, Coburn, Conger,Conner,Cook. Cowles, Crebs,
Cullom, Darrall, Dawes. Dickey, Nathan F. Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,
Garfield. Gilfillan, Haight, Hale. Hamill, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawley, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Iloar. Holmes,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kerr, Ketcham, ICnapp, Latlin, Lash, Lynch,
Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy, McCortnick, Mc-
Grew, JlcKee, McKenzie. Mercur, Jesse IX. Moore,
William Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrili, Myers. Negley. Niblack,O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine, William
W. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Price, Prosser, Rainey, Ran-
dall, Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofield, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod. Slocum, John
A. Smith, Joi-erh S. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather. Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strong, Swann. Sypher,
Taffe, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson. Van Wyck, Wallace, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B, Washburn. Welker. Wells,
Whitmore, Wilkinson. Williams, Eugene M. Wil-
son, John T. Witson, Winans, and Woodward—153.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Benjamin, Boyd, Bureb.-
ard, Cake, Cleveland, Cox, Ela, Eldridge, Fox,
Gibson, Griswold, Hotchkiss, Alexander JUL. Jones,
Knott, Logan, Long, Milnes, Newsham, Potter,
Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Shanks, Shober, Strick-
land, Sweeney, Taylor, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Voorhees, Wheeler, Whiteley, and Wolf—33.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
COMMITTEES 01? CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Sargent, Mr. Beck, and Mr. Clarke
of Kansas,, as the conferees on the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 2615, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling so-called
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes.
The SPEAKER also announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Dawes, Mr. Washburn of Wis-
consin, and Mr. Niblack, as the conferees on
the part of the House upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 2524, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872.
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 3064, making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
this bill was laid on the table.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to,
upon a division—ayes 105, noes 22.
The question recurred upon the motion to
lay the bill on the table; and being taken, it
was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer ana substitute what
I send to the desk, the substance of which I
have already stated to the House. Upon agree-
ing to the substitute I call for the previous
question.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will allow metwo min-
utes, I would like to make a few suggestions
in reference to this bill, which I think may
be profitable to those who are to vote upon it.
Mr. DAWES. It is perfectly evident that
if I open this debate to-day we shall be all at
sea.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I say to the House I
want to call attention 
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. Nobody, it seems, can be
heard.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
