1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1757
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose you do.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist 011 my objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded till the House gives
me an opportunity (and I want only one min-
ute) to call attention to a few appropriations
•which I know will not be approved iftheHouse
understands the facts of the case.
The SPEAKER. If the House refuses to
second the demand for the previous question
the substitute will then be open to amendment;
otherwise, not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to ask that
the portions of the bill proposed to be struck
out shall be read ?
The SPEAKER. It is. The Clerk will read
those portions.
Mr. AMBLER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to aliow me to
make a motion to strike out the appropriation
for League Island.
Mr. DAWES. I promised that I would yield
for such amendment. I will do so, and then
call for a vote.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me, that I may move
to strike out an appropriation of $18,000 in
this bill for an arsenal which has been abol-
ished for three years?
Mr. DAWES. I will say that the gentleman
from Illinois has called my attention to an
appropriation which, while it is in conformity
with the estimates, is for an arsenal which
does not exist. I promise the gentleman I will
go to the other branch of Congress and have
that matter corrected. I thank the gentleman
for pointing it out to me.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely pointed out one
item. I can point out half a dozen others of
the same character, following right after it.
Mr. DAWES. I will strike that paragraph
out of the substitute now.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely suggested that to
the gentleman as one item. If he will allow
me the floor for five minutes, I think I.can
save to the Government appropriations to the
amount of $1,000,000.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman had an oppor-
tunity yesterday to bring these matters before
the House. I admit that he knows more about
these things than I do 
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman's insinuations
are unfair, improper, and ungentlemanly.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, my remark was
made in the utmost kindness and sincerity. I
was about to express a regret that 1 had not
obtained the information from the Department.
I admit that the gentleman's military career,
so illustrious and honorable, has given him
more knowledge about these things than I could
possibly have. I obtained all the information
1 possibly could from the Department, which,
within three months, has estimated for that very
thing. That is my explanation. My remark
was made in entire kindness. ^
Mr. LOGAN. I accept the gentleman's
explanation, and take back what I said.
Mr. DAWES. I must call the previous
question according to my promise.
Mr. MYERS. 1 desire to call for a separate
vote on the amendment with reference to
League Island.
The SPEAKER. There can be no other
than a separate vote.
Mr. COBURN. I would like the gentleman
from Massachusetts to state the aggregate cost
of all these works when completed.
Mr DAWES. I am unable to give the
exact figures. In the bill as reported wecut
down the estimates for some of these buildings
fifty per cent., and some twenty-five per cent.
Therefore I cannot tell the aggregate.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, the aggre-
gate of all these works is $3,300,000; that is,
when completed—not what we give to the city
of New York. Boston gets $3,000,000 and
New York city $-5,000,000. A sudden fit of
economy seems to seize the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] when we come
to other parts of the country, for the public
buildings of which the aggregate cost when
completed will be only $3,300,000. After
we have given $3,000,000 to Boston and
$5,000,000 to New York city, it is a poor
place for the gentleman to begin his economy!
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
tion, and insist on it.
The House was divided; and there were—
ayes 79, noes 60.
Mr. LOGAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 92, noes 67.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the substitute be read.
The substitute was read.
Mr. LYNCH. Have any new works been
included which were added by amendments in
the House?
Mr. DAWES. None of them except the
amendment for League Island.
Mr. KELLEY. That is not a new work.
It has been appropriated for before.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs
on Mr. Ambler's motion, to strike out the
following:
For navy-yard at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
repairs of all kinds. $40,000. .
for building landing wharves, dredging and tilling
in, commencing quay wall s, storehouses, carpenter s
shop, joiner's shop, smith shop, machine shop. cSces,
steam-engines, scows, boais, derricks, and machinery
and tools of all kinds at League Island, $200,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
For navy-yard at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
repairs of all kinds, $40,090; permanent improve-
ments, $60,000. %
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to make a statement
for two minutes.
Mr. CON GER. I object.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
66, noes 65.
Mr. BEATTY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 94, nays 102, not voting
44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ambler, Asper,
Ayer, Bailey, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty. Benton,
Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker, James Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burr, \masaCobb. Coburn, Con-
ger, Cook, Corker, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Dawes,
Degener. Dickinson, Dockery, Dyer, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Garfield. Unsworn,
Hambleton. Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heflin.
Holman, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Lawrence, Lewis, Loughndge, Marshall, Alaytmm,
"Maynard, McCormiek, McCrary. MeN eely. Eliakim
H. Moore, Jesse 11. Moore, Morrissey, Niblack,Orth,
Packard, Peck. Poland, Pomeroy. Potter, Price,
Reeves, Rice, Roots, Shank?, William J. Stnith,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes. Stone, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Tyner, Upson, Van
Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, W llham B. Wash
burn, Welker, Whiteley. Willard, Williams, John I.
Wilson, Wmans. and Winchester—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Archer, Armstrong, Arnell,
Atwood, Axtell. Banks. Barry, Bethune, Biggs Bing-
ham. Bowen, George M.Brooks, Burdett. Roderick
R. Butler. Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conner, Cox, Dickey. Joseph Dison, Donley,
Duval, Perriss, Fitch, Getz, Gilfillan, Haight, Ilalue-
man. Hale, HamiR, Hamilton, Hoar.Hoge, Holmes,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Ivelley, KeUey,
XCetchnin. Kuapp, Lafhn, Lash, Loner, Lynch,
ning, McCarthy. McGrew, Mcli.ee. Mckenzie Mer-
cur, William Moore, Daniel J. Morreli, Mjers,
Negley, O'Neill, Packer. Halbert E. Paine, William
W. Paine, Palmer, Perce, Peters Phelps Piatt,
Porter, Grosser, Rainey> Randall, Santofu, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schumaker, Scoiieid, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Sherrod, Shober, Slocura, John A. South, Stiles,
Strador, Swann, Syphcr, laffe. Taylor, iillnun,
Townsend, Trimble. Twichell, Vaili Auken, T,an
Horn, Van Wyck. Wallace, Wells, Wh.tmore, Wil-
kinson, Eugene M. Wilson,WoU. and Wood
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beck, Benjamin, Bennett,
Boyd. Burehard. Benjamin 1. Butler, Cake, Wil-
liam T.Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland. Barrall,
Nathan F. Dixon, Dox, Duke, Ela, Eldndgc, iox,
Gibson, Hays, Hill, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Knott, Logan, Milnes, Morey. Morgan,
Morpbis. Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Newsham,
Rogers, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Stevens, Sweeney, Voorhees, "Ward,
Wheeler, Witcher, Woodward, and Young—44.
So the amendment of Mr. Ambler was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which Mr. Ambler's amendment was
disagreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Dawes's
substitute.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will permit me to insert an
appropriation for a custom-house at Port
Huron.
Mr. KELLOGG. Vote down the substitute.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
73, noes 70.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, of all the
millions appropriated by this bill for local
imprt)vements the southern States receive
but about one million fourteen thousand dol-
lars. All of this sum except about two hun-
dred thousand dollars is for the building of
light-houses to benefit northern commerce and
northern contractors.
Mr. AMBLER. I object to debate.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 102, not vot-
ing 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Allison, Ambler, Ames. Armstrong.
Asper. Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bingham, Blair. Bowen, Ueorge M.
Brooks, Buffinton, Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb. Cook. Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Nathan
F. Dixon, Donley. Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Kerriss,
Fisher, Garfield. Gilfillan, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamil-
ton. Hawkins, Hay.Hoar, Holman. Holmes,Hooper.
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll. Jenckes, Judd, Juhan, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp. Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis,
Long, Loughridge. Lynch, Marshall. McCrary Me-
Grew.McKee, McKenzie.Mercur.EliakimH. Moore,
Jessell. Moore, Morphis, Sanmel P.Morrill,Niblack,
Orth, Packard, Palmer, Peck, Perce. Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Sanford. Sawyer. beliu-
maker, Scofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Slocum,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith. Wortinngton C.
Smith, Stevens, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell. Tyner. Upson, Van Wyck, ft al-
lnee, Ward, William B. Washburn Welker. Willard,
Williams, John T. Wilson, Witcher, Wolf, Wood,
and Woodward—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Barry, Beaman, Beck, Bethune, Biggs. Bird, Boles,
Booker, James Brooks, Buck. Buckley, Burdett,
Burr. Benjjmin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin, Cessna, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger. Connei, Cox, Degener, Dickey,
Dickinson, Joseph Dixon, Dockeiy Dox. .Duke,
Dyer. Ferry, Finkelnburg, lutch, (jetz, Griswold,
Ilaight,, Hambleton, Hamill, Harris, Hawley, Hays,
Hill Hoge, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kelley, Kel-
logg Kerr, Manning. Mayham, Maynard. McCar-
thy, McCormiek, McNecly. Milnes, William Moore,
Morev, Morgan, Daniel J. Morreli, Morrissey, Mun-
gen. Mvers. O'Neill. Packer, Piatt, Potter. Price.
Prosser. Rainey, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Roots, bar-
gent Lionel A. Sheldon. Sherrod, ishober. Stark-
weather. Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Strong, Swann. Trimble, v an Aaken,
Van Horn, Van Trump. Cadw.-dader C. Washburn,
Wells, Whiteley. Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, and Young—102. . . T> ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnel , Benjamin. Boyd,
Burehard, C;ike, Cleveland, Corker, Darr-ill, Md-
ridge, Fox, Gibson, Heflin, Alexandej H. Jones,
Knott, Lo^an, Negley, Newsham, Hay>ert£. Paine,
William W. Paine, Rogers, Joseph b. Smith,bteven-
son, Sweeney, Sypher, Voorhees, Wheeler, Whit-
more, and Winans—28.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
ordering the bill, as amended, to be engrossed
and read a third time. _
Mr. HOLMAN. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. On this question, or on
the passage of the bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. On the passage.
The question was put on ordering the bill,
as amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time; and there were—ayes 66, noes o9.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must call for the yeas
and nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
