'1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 81, not voting
43; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong1, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell. Ayer. Banks. Beauian, Beatty, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Blair. Bo wen, George M. Brooks, Buf-
finton, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cowle?,Cullom. Darrall, Dawes,
Dickey, Nathan F. Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Fer-
riss. Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, GilfiUao. Ilale, Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Inger-
foll, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Keiley, Ketcham,
Knapp, Lafiin, Lash, Long, Lynch. Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee, McKenzie, Mer-
cur, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell. Samuel P.
Morrill, Myers, Neglcy, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Porter, Randall, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scolield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Sloeum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Strong, Taffe, Tnnner,
Taylor. Tillman,Townsend,Twichcll, Tyner, Upson,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn. William B.
Washburn, Weiker, Whiteley, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, Wolf, Wood,
ami Woodward—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Bailey,
B.irnum, Barry, Bethune, Biggs,Bird,Boles,Booker,
James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burdett. Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Ainasa Cobb, Cob urn ♦ Conger. Cor-
ker, Crebs, Degener, Dickinson, Dox. Duke, Dyer,
Ferry. Fmkelnburg, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Hnlde-
nian, Hainbleton, Haraill, Hawkins, XIawley, Hay,
Hays, Ihll, Holman, Thomas L.Jones. Julian", Kel-
sey, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Loughridgft, Man-
ning, Marshall, Maybam, McCormiok, McNeely,
Milnes, Eiiakim H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Morphis, Morrissey, Mungen, Packer, Potter, Price,
and Young—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Beck, Benjamin,
Lennett, Boyd, Burchard. Cake, William T. Clark,
Clevelaiid, Clinton L. Cobb. Conner, Cox, Joseph
Dixon, Dockery, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox, Gib-
son. IFeflm, Holmes, Alexander II. Jones. Kellogg,
Kerr, Knott, Morey. Newsham, Halbert E. Paine,
William W. Paine, Phelps, Piatt, Prosser, Atainey,
Rogers, Schumakcr, Stoughlon, Ssvceney, Sypher,
voorhees, Wallace, Wheeler, Whitmore, John T.
Wilson, and Winans—43.
So the bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed .and read a third time.
Mr. MAYHAM. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The engrossed bill is here.
Mr. MAYHAM. I asls that it be read.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to dispense with the reading in full of
the engrossed bill.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
07, noes 25.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the reading in full
of the engrossed bill was dispensed with.
The engrossed bill was then read the third
time by its title.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ARNELL called for the yeas and nays.
The yea3 and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 73, not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Atwood, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bingham, Blair, Bowen,
George M. Brooks, Buflinton, Roderick R. -Butler,
Calkin, Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Cowies, Cullom, DarralU Dawes, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon, Donley, Duval, Fcrri&s, Ferry, Fink-
elnburg, Fisher. Fitch, Garfield, ilale, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawley, Hoar, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Keiley, Kellogg, Kclsey, Ketch-
am, Knapp, Laliin, Lash, Long, Maynard. McCrary,
McGrew, McKee, McKenzie, Mereur, EJiakirn H.
Moore, Morey, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Oith, Packard, Pal-
mer, Peek. Perco, Peters, Phelps. Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, Randall, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer. Scotield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocum, John
A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton, Strong, Sypher, Taffe,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townscnd, Tvvichell, Ty-
ner, Upson. Van Wyck, Cadwaluder C. Washburn.
William b. Washburn, Welker, Whiteley, Wilkin-
son, Williams. Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Witcher, Wolf, Wood, and Woodward—111.
NAYS—Mes Aduuis, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Beatty. Beck, Bethune. Biggs, Bird, Boles, Booker,
Buck, Buckley, Burr, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Conner,
Coikor, Crebs, Degencr, Dickinson, Doekery, Dox,
Duke, Djer, Getz. Griswold, Haight, iiuldeumn,
Jiambleton, XIamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Hetiin,
Hill, Holman, Tnornm L. Jones, Julian, Kerr, Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Manning. Aiayliam. Mc-
Coriniek, MeNeoly. Mitne>, William Moore, Morgan,
Morphis, Morrissey, Packer, Potter, Price, Keeves,
Itice, Sherrod, Shober, Stiles, Stone, St.ra.der, Strick-
land, Bwann, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van
Trump, Ward, Wells, Whitmore, Willard, Winches-
ter, and Young—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Axtell,
Barnurn, Beatnan, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton,
Boyd, James Brooks, Burchard, Burdott, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, William T. Clark, Cleve-
land, Coburn, Cox, Nathan P. Dixon. Ela, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Fox, Gibson. Gilfillan, Hoge. Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Knott, Lewis, Lynch,
Marshall, McCarthy, Jesse H. Moore, Mungen,
Newshnm, Niblaek. Halbert E, Paine, William W.
Paine, Prosser, Rainey, Rogers, Schnmaker, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith,
Stevens, Sweeney, Voorhees, Wallace, Wheeler, and
Winans—56.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, from the President
was communicated to the House by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, one of his secretaries.
OUDEIt OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] desires to call up a
bill from the select Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, but yields to allow motions to suspend
the rules to be made.
SOUTIIE iN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, an4 that a committee of conference
be appointed on the part of the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses oil the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No.
047) to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes.
Mr. RAND ALL. I desire to ask the Speaker
a parliamentary question, and it is whether we
have not it within our power to insist upon the
amendment of the House. The House bill
appropriated but thirteen million acres of land;
the Senate bill appropriates twenty-six million
acres. Why not let us insist upon the House
bill and refuse a committee of ffonference ? I
have little doubt that the Senate would then
recede from its disagreement to our amend-
ment. I make that suggestion in no opposition
to the road, except that I desire to cut down
the land grant.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anything about
what the determination of the Senate may be.
1 cannot tell anything about that. I myself
much prefer the House bill to the Senate bill,
and so voted, as the majority of the House
did. But it is certainly an act of courtesy on
our part to accord a committee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman think
it an act of courtesy on our part to give thirteen
million additional acres of land?
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the question. It
is not a question of giving acres of land at
all. The question is whether or not the House
will accord a committee of conference. My
own opinion about it is that this is the only
way in which we can get the bill through at
this session of Congress. I think perhaps that
the opinion ot the Senate is about as fixed as
that of the House, and there ought to be some
kind of comity between the two Houses. My
own notion about it is that it is better for those
who are interested in the bill and desire its
passage to have a committee of conference
than it is to take any other position at this
time. For that reason 1 have made my motion.
Mr. 15ANKS. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
ill-. BANKS. There would be no objec-
tion to the course proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if there were time to carry
it into effect. But there are only four days of
the session remaining, three or four days, and
there is not time for us to insist upon our
amendments and get a return from the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL, it will not take more than
five minutffs.
Mr. BANKS. It cannot be done in time to
secure action on the bill by this Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. It will take just, so long
and no longer than will be required for our
Clerk to go from here to the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. The Senate will then have
to act, and then we will have perhaps to again
considerthe question of granting a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, let lis at least try
to keep this grant at thirteen million acres
instead of allowingittobetwenty-six millions.
Mr. BANKS. We have the entire control
of this question. I understand, as does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,]
that this House is not disposed to accept the
Senate bill, and the conferees on the part of
the House, this conference is granted, will be
governed by the views of the House, and in the
end the House will have the power to control
the matter entirely. For myself, I feel free
to say that 1 have no expectation whatever
that the Senate bill will pass this House.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me call the attention
of the House to one fact, it is proposed to
delegate the power of the House over this
matter to this committee of conference, com-
posed of three members of this House, who
will have the power to grant an enormous land
subsidy 
Mr. BANKS. They must reporttheir action
to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not think that power
should be granted to any conference couimit-
Mr. BANKS. The House will be called
upon to confirm their report.
Mr. RANDALL. I prefer to keep it in a
position where the grant will not be over thir-
teen million acres.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the gentleman
want to keep the bill back altogether?
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I would prefer that;
but I know it is inevitable that some bill will
pass, and I would rather have one pass with
thirteen million acres than one with twenty-
six million.
Mr. MAYNARD. Some of us are
desirous to have this bill become a law.
Mr. RANDALL.
House bill as it is.
Mr. LOGAN. I
to the House-
I rise to a parliamentary
very
My object is to keep the
want merely to say this
Mr. HOLMAN.
inquiry.
The SPEAKER.
Mr. HOLMAN.
The Chair will hear it.
Is it in order now to move
that the House insist on their amendment to
the Senate bill?
The SPEAKER. That is what the House
does when it agrees to a conference. A con-
ference is that which follows insisting. Adher-
ing cuts off all conference.
Mr. YAN TRUMP. A resolution to that
effect would be more specific, and would be a
more binding instruction to the committee on
conference.
The SPEAKER. The form in which this
question has necessarily come up, unless the
House goes to business on the Speaker's table
seriatim, precludes any amendment, because
it involves a suspension of the rules, which
motion cannot be amended.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Is the report of a com-
mittee of conference debatable?
Mr. SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Is it amendable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; it must he
received or rejected as a whole.
Mr. PLAT t\ I desire to make a simple
statement, mid to say as one of the friends
of this great measure, that I hope the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] will be acceded to by the friends of
this bill, and that a conference will be acceded
to by this House, as the only practical method
of having any southern Pacific railroad bill
passed before the close of this Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is debate in order ?
