320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
trict of Columbia, to indorse the bonds of the
Southern Maryland Railroad Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Virginia^ [Mr.
Lbwis] from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, with an amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. That had better be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' The bill will be
passed over, and the Secretary will report the
next bill.
new york port wardens.
The next bill on the Calender was the bill
(S. No. 467) to facilitate the adjustment of con-
controversies between parties interested in mar-
itime adventures and contracts in the port of
New York, and to establish a board of port
wardens.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Coxkxino,] from the Committee on Com-
merce, with amendments.
Mr. VICKERS. Let it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
kansas pacific railway.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 458) to authorize and aid the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company to extend and con-
struct,its railroad and telegraph line to El Paso,
in Now Mexico.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re-
ported by the late Senator from Missouri, (Mr.
Drake,) from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, with amendments.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. EAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
citizens op loodon- county.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. G8-5) for the relief of loyal citizens of
Loudon county, Virginia, therein named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
repoitedby the Senator from "West Virginia
[Mr. Willey] from the Committee on Claims.
Is there objection to its consideration?
Mr. WILSON. I move-that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WILLEY. I am very sorry that the
Senator makes an objection. If the Senate
will indulge me for a moment, I shall be very
glad to state that this bill, No. 865, is for com-
pensation for property seized under the order
of General Sheridan, taken to Harper's Perry,
and then carried over into Pennsylvania and
sold, the most of it for cash down, which has
been covered into the Treasury, and is now in
the Treasury to a very large amount, while the
residue of the property for which payment
is provided was slaughtered and used by the
Army at Harper's Ferry. This bill is not for
the destruction of properly by fire. There is
another bill covering that class of claims. This
is simply confined to the claims of loyal citi-
zens of Loudon county, Virginia, whose cattle,
horses, &c., were seized by order of General
Sheridan, appraised by three appraisers ap-
pointed by General Devin, taken to Harper's
Ferry, most of it then sent to Pennsylvania
and sold, and the inonev, the proceeds of the
sale, covered into the Treasury, where it has
ever since been lodged. This bill only pro-
vides for that class of claims.
Mr. WILSON. At this hour of the day I
think we had better go into executive session.
I insist on my motion, that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session, the dotfrs were reopened, and (at three
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 5, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
resignation oe hon. kobert 0. schenck.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication:
House of Representatives,
Room op Committee op Ways and Mean's,
Washixgtox, D. C., January 4,1871.
Sir: Having, since the adjournment of Congress
on 22d of December ultimo, accepted the office of
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary
from the United States to Great Britain, I hereby
resign my seat as the Representative of the third
congressional district of Ohio in the Forty-First
Congress, and request that you will be pleased to
communicate official notice to tho Governor of my
State of the vacancy thus occasioned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
ROBERT C. SCHEiTCK.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
committee appointment.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Orth to fill the vacancy on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Schexck.
northern and northwestern frontier.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce a
bill (H. R. No. 2G17) to provide for the better
protection of the northern and northwestern
frontier, to facilitate commerce, and to dimin-
ish the expenses of exchanges between States ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
paraguayan investigation.
Mr. ORTH. I rise to call up the special
order.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
the special order for this day after the read-
ing of the Journal is the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs upon the memorial
of Porter C. Bliss and George P. Masterman,
in relation to their imprisonment in Paraguay
by the president of that republic, and subse-
quently on the United States gun-boat Wasp
and the flag-ship Guerriere, of the South Atlan-
tic squadron, by United States officers.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Does
this question take precedence of the morning
hour?
The SPEAKER. It does. The bill which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mor-
rell] has charge of goes over till Tuesday
next.
Mr. ORTH. I ask that the Clerk read the
resolutions which the majority of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs have directed me to
report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Rear Admiral S. W. God Oil. in neg-
lecting to aid Mr. Washburn in reaching the Gov-
ernment to which he was accredited, failed to dis-
charge his duty as commander oi the South Atlantic
squadron.
Resolved, That Bliss and Masiorman were members
of the personal suite of Mr. Washburn, and were,
therefore, under the law of nations, entitled to the
protection of the officers of the United States.
Resolved, Th:i! tjie foreibloarrestanddetontion of
Bliss and Masterman by the Government of Para-
guay was a violation of the law ot nations, and a
gross insult to the honor and dignity of tho United
States.
Resolved, That we approve the action of the Presi-
dent in withdrawing our minister, General MuMahoii,
from the Government of Paraguay, and in declin-
ing to hold further diplomatic intercourse with said
Government.
Resolved, That it is clearly the duty of our naval
officers on foreign stations to render all reasonable
assistance to the diplomatic officers of the United
States in the discharge of their duties, and that a
refusal or neglect to render such assistance, when
required, or any discourtesy by such naval officers
toward such diplomatic officers, should bo tho sub-
ject of inquiry and punishment by theKayy Depart-
ment.
Mr. ORTII. I offer the following as an addi-
tional resolution:
Resolved, That wo disapprove of the conduct of
Rear Admiral Charles H. Davis, in delaying for an
unreasonable time to proceed to the rescue of Blis3
and Masterman, in accepting their release in tho
manner and under the circumstances as detailed in
the testimony, and in receiving, holding, and treat-
ing them as prisoners.
Mr. WILLARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] whether
he offers this resolution as a part of the report?
Mr. ORTH. Not at all. I offer it as a mem-
ber of the House, not as coming from the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILLARD. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. To what does the gentle-
man front Vermont [Mr. Willaro] object?
Mr-. WILLARD. I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana does not offer this resolu-
tion as a part of the report of the commit-
tee; he offers it as an individual member of
the House. That being the case, I object to
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object. The'gentleman from Indiana,
holding the floor, has reported certain resolu-
tions, and he has a right to move an amend-
ment thereto.
Mr. WILLARD. I did not understand the
gentleman as offering the resolution as an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It must be so construed,
and must be voted upon separately from the
report of the committee.
Mr. WILLARD. I thought the gentleman
offered the resolution as coming from the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is pend-
ing as an amendment, and is of course subject
to a separate vote.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Swaxx,] that he may submit the
resolutions of the minority of the committee.
Mr. SWANN. Will my honorable friend
from Indiana permit me to ask him whether
ot not the resolution he has just offered is
reported as the action of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, or is an independent resolu-
tion of his own?
Mr. ORTH. These resolutions are printed
in the report.
Mr. SWANN. Not the last one.
Mr. ORTH. The last one I have offered
myself in reference to the conduct of Admiral
Davis.
Mr, SWANN. I present the following as
the report in behalf of the minority of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the forcible arrest and detention of
Messrs. Bliss and Masterman, while under the pro-
tection of the American flag, was an outrage which
demanded prompt reparation.
2. That Mr. Washburn in submitting to the insult
of President Lopez, in his refusal to grant passports
to Messrs. Bliss and Masterman, and in separating
himself from them in the streets of Asuncion, and
leaving them in the hands and at the mercy of tho
Paraguayan authorities, caused aserious compromise
of the American flag, and could not be justified upon
any consideration of personal safety; and that Min-
ister Washburn, in justice to his position and tho
honor of his flag, ought not to have accepted his pa*;-
port uatil permitted to withdraw with every member
of his legation.
3. That in the hostile or unfriendly attitude as-
sumed by Minister Washburn toward Lopez and (he
Paraguayan Government in his relation* and inter-
course with the president of that republic, and m
associating Bliss and Masterman with his legation,
(one a British subject, suspected by Lopez of a con-
spiracy with his enemies and the enemies of his coun-
try— both adventurers and of doubtful reputation,')
Minister Washburn committed a grave actof impru-
dence, which resulted in most, if not all, of the com-
plications attending his residence in Paraguay.
4 That Admirals^ Godon and Davis, m command
ot the South Atlantic squadron, have committed im
act to subject them to the censure of this Govern-
ment or the investigation of a court-martial, said
officers having, to tho best of their judgment and
understanding, complied with the imtructinn* of Hi-
ll avy Department, and received its approval.
5. That no legislation is required on the part of
Congress growing out of tho tacts suited m t Ins record
and the correspondence now on file in the State ami
Aavy Departments.
6. That this committee be discharged from the
farther consideration of the subicct.
Mr. ORTH addressed the House, [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
