1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
messag1s prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and joint resolutions of
the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 1134) relating to internal
taxes ;
An act (S. No. 1149) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to authorize the refunding of the
national debt
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 266) amenda-
tory of the twelfth section of an act entitled
"An act making appropriationsforthccurreut
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes Cor the year ending June
30. 1871, and for other purposes," approved
July 14, 1870, and to extend the time for the
disposal of the lands ceded under the first and
second articles of the treaty of September 29,
1865, with the Great and Little Osage Indians,
and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 270) for the
benefit of the Industrial Home for Destitute
Children in the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had receded from, its amendment to
the bill (H. It. No. 2209) to carry into effect
the decree of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York
in the case of the schooner L. S. Davis and her
cargo.
INTERNAL TAXES.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have taken from the
Speaker's table the bill just • received from
the Senate, in relation to internal taxes, for
reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No.
1134) relating to internal taxes was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
REFUNDING THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a similar request in reference to
another bill just received from the Senate,
relating to refunding the national debt.
No objection being made, the bill (H. K.
No. 1149) to amend an act entitled "An act to
authorize the refunding of the national debt,"
was taken up, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Meaus.
LIGIIT-IIODSB HOARD.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. It. No. 2618) to
extend the jurisdiction of the Light House
Board; which was read a first and second
"time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An aet(S. No. 1100) in relation to certain
territorial penitentiaries; and
An act (S. No. 1119) relating to the printing
of the annual report of the Secretary of War.
1'AltAaUAY.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs on Paraguay.
" Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, the report
which I hold in my hand makes it incumbent
■upon me, as a member of the sub-Committee
on Foreign Affairs, to investigate the Para-
guayan imbroglio, of which sub committee my
honorable friend from Indiana [Mr. Okth] was
'the chairman, to pursue a line of argument
..more in detail than I should otherwise have
done had that report been presented to the
tlouse without comment on the part of the
majority of the committee. This report, eon-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 21.
tradictory and voluminous as it is, and extra-
ordinary in many of its details, really presented
no practical issue upon which this House-could
act; and 1 had indulged the hope that it would
be laid upon the table, as the best mode in
which to dispose of the conflicting testimony
which it will be found to contain.
I was the more emboldened in this view
from the high character of the gentlemen in-
volved in this discussion. With Mr. Washburn,
our minister to Paraguay, on the one hand—
for whom, I would say here, I entertain per-
sonally a very high respect—and with some
of our most distinguished naval officers on
the other hand, I saw no other way than that
which I have suggested in which the complica-
tions which were likely to arise could have
been disposed of; and I will say here that it'
it should be the desire of this House to lay
this whole subject on the table, 1 am perfectly
ready and willing to accept such a disposition
of this subject in lieu of the resolution which
I have submitted on behalf of the minority of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Therefore,
seeing the high character of the individuals
involved in this investigation, which occu-
pied the sub-Committee on Foreign Affairs for
months, and involved a very large expense to
this Government, I indulged the hope that the
whole subject would have been disposed of in
the way 1 have suggested, in order to avoid
irritation and bad feeling ; for if we examine
fairly and deliberately the facts contained in
this record we will find that there is really
nothing that Congress could do, without em-
barrassment, by any legislation which we might
recommend.
I propose, Mr. Speaker, to go into this sub-
ject in detail. It is an attack, as I understand
it, upon the American Navy, and I am here
to defend the Navy. It is an attack by men
(I refer to Bliss and Masterman) who have no
standing in this House j who are unworthy of
consideration for a single moment, as I shall
show by the facts in this record. I look upon
it as a disgrace to this House to entertain an
examination into the facts which have been
originated by the men who are prominent
in this record, and who have instigated this
investigation.
Mr. Speaker, the greatest regret that I feel
is the position in which I am placed by my
antagonism to my honorable friend from In-
diana. We have agreed with reference to
almost every question that has occupied the
attention of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and I had indulged the hope that that gen-
tleman would concur with me, as I believe
he does in his heart, in regard to the leading
features presented by this memorial.
Mr. OIITH.*' My friend from Maryland cer-
tainly does not desire to convey an impression
that the course which I have taken on this
question is not in accordance with all the sen-
timents of my heart.
Mr. SWANN. By no means.
Mr. ORTH. I am very sorry indeed that
the usually clear judgment of my friend from
Maryland is so wrong on this subject.
Mr. SWANN. That will be a matter for
consideration when I come to exhibit the facts
in this case, and I am sure that I shall have
the concurrence of my friend from Indiana in
some of the leading positions which I take.
Mr. Speaker, the original resolution which
brought up this inquiry, and under which it
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, I would beg leave to present to this
House, In order that members may see how
this investigation originated and by whom it
was instigated.
The resolution relating to the subject-matter
of this inquiry was presented in the House
March 16, 1869, in the words which I quote;
"Jlesolved, That a select committee consisting of
five members be appointed by the Speaker, towhoia
shall be referred the memorial of Porter C. Bliss anu
George F. Masterman, late prisoners in the nanus
of President Lopes, and afterward prisoners on
board the United States gun-boat Wasp and flag-Ship
Guerriere; and that said committee be instructed to
inquire into all the circumstances attending said
imprisonment, and into the conduct of the late
American minis'ter'at Paraguay and of tho officers
commanding the South Atlantic squadron since the
breaking out ol' the Paraguayan war, and tbat said
committee be uuth'omed to send for persons and
papers, administer oaths, and report at any time." *
This resolution was subsequently referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as follows :
In TOR IIoDSK or KCTRESKNTATrVBS,
itarek 10. 1869.
Jlesolved, That the Committee on Toroign Affairs,
to whom was referred tho memorial of Porter C. Bliss
and George MatWmmn, be directed to inquire
into all the circumstances rein tine to the alleged
imprisonment of said lllissaiid MastermaB.and into
tho conductor Iho late American minister in Para-
guay. and of the officers jeommaijding the South
Atlantic squadron, smeo the bioaUin* out Of the
Paraguayan war, uml that ).bey .be authorized to send ,
for persons and papers, and report at any time.
Attest: - ' - . - * -
EDWARD McPHB&SON. Olerk.
CJUNTON LLOtp, Ol«k.
Simultaneously with this resolution th^ro
was presented to this House a mettforisl of
Messrs, Bliss and Masterman, the introduction
of which I will quote, because 1 desir® to' eliovv
tho character of these men who are'Peking
redress at tho hands of the Government fifth's
United States, covertly assailing the Navy of
tho United States, although everything that
was done by the Officers in command received
the full sanction not only of the Navy Depart-
ment, but of the State Department also. No'w^
sir, would itnotbean extraordinary proceeding
if my friend from Indiana, ns commander-in-
chief of the armies of the United States, should
send out his aid-de-camp to execute 'order,
and when the order had been faithfully cow-
plied with should come and make a charge that
the officer had not parsued the course Ot' con*
duct which should have' bean adopted ? The
introduction of this memorial Hf. Speaker,;is
in tho following language: - '
Porter 0. Bliss and George Masterman, 1 ate mom-
bers of tho United States legation In Paraguay,
where they were forcibly soized and taken from the
protection of tho American minister, and held as pris-
oners by tho tyrant Lopeis, and afterward sept on
board tbo United States steamships Wasp and Guer-
riere. in which vessels they were prisoners for .more
than six weeks and treated with indignity and insult
by offiocrsof tho United States Navy,liurablysubmit
to your honorable bodies tho accompanying state-
ments, subscribed ondewornto by therurespectively,
and pray that such aotion mas b« taken as the
national honor and justice' to your petitlonsra may
demand. ■ ' 5 J
aiolli f; MAStEKkAN,r '
The statements accompanying ,-thia irietflo-
rial, made separately by each of thefce persons
purport to detail the material facts eormectgg
with their sojourn in Paraguay, their relations
with the Government and the American lega-
tion, and their subsequeht arrest and impris-
on merit by President Lopez. The memorial,
it maybe stated, makes no claim for indemnity
for loss by these prisoners, nor does it indicate
what reparation, if any, is demanded, whether
pecuniary or otherwise, these persons having
been delivered into the hands of Admiral Davii
to be returned to the United States; sfc fef
removing the idea that President Lopez .in-
tended any indignity to the American Ooverh'-
ment by their arrest and detection, however
he may have erred in some otherresp'ecsts.
I deny that there is even the semhtaoe of
truth in the statements of this mttnorial'with
respect to the details presented for the con si d'
eration of the House. -Mr.' Speaker, I f-elt ifc ,
my duty, as & member of the sub-coraniitteie^ td
present the views which w«re impressed a pot* •
my mind during the investigation. - 1 wBs th^fca
as an impartial judge, not to do' injustice f<| ;
any of the gentlemen involved in this" inquiry^
I was there to do.justice; and, sir, I should be
unworthy of the place which 1 occupy upon
this floor if I could be induced, willfully, in
view of the facts stated in- this record,^ .do
the remotest injustice either to the Navy or to
the persons who have originated tins, investi-
gation. • * . "" . .
A careful examination &f the whsle subjedi
