1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
Monday the joint resolution in regard to a Sena-
tor-elect from Georgia will be taken up. The
Senator from Vermont being entitled to the
floor on this bill yields to the Senator from
Ohio, who moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope before the Senator from
Ohio pushes his motion he will allow me to
call up the unfinished appropriation bill,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will remain
in the same condition without being taken up.
Mr. COLE. Then I do not make the sug-
gestion.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to laying aside
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has moved an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. There are one or two bills
on the table that I ask to have laid before the
Senate prior to the adjournment. I think it
wilt expedite business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are to go on to do
any more business to night I prefer to con-
tinue the remarks I was proceeding to submit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only yielded my motion
for matters that did not give rise to debate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I believe that with the
concurrence of the Senator from Vermont I
am allowed to call up a motion which is now
before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bills on the table
be disposed of.
STEAMSHIP METEOR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
212) relative to the steamship- Meteor.
The amendment was read, being to add to
the resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That said damages shall only include
detention, deterioration, and actual expenditures,
and excluding all damages for loss of market or
breaking up of voyage.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM L. IIANSCOM.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
108) to authorize the President to permit Wil-
liam L. Hanscom, late a naval constructor of
the Navy of the United States, to withdraw his
resignation of that office.
The amendment was in line three, after the
word "President," to insert " if he shall deem
it expedient."
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S.No. 569) to provide for
the disposition of useless military reservations.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think that had better lie
over. I wish to make an inquiry in relation
t0 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reserve it until Monday morning.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1071) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
ASSIGNMENTS OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to call up a mo-
tion I made a day or two since. I have not
been able to interpolate it in the proceedings
to-day until this moment. It is to set down
Senate bill No. 683, in relation to steamship
service iu the Gult of MsxtcOj for eonsidera-
tion on Monday night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
ftom Louisiana asks unanimous consent that
Monday evening be assigned for the consider-
ation of the bill in regard to steamship service
in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. POMEROY. He means also to include
the Australian line bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the other
steamship bills to follow. Is that the under-
standing?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator object.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the proposition 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
is that Senate bill No. 683, in regard to steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico, and two
other bills which were made special orders
sometime since, shall be assigned for Monday
evening, and that the Senate shall have an even-
ing session on Monday for that purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. We ought to have a full
Senate when the question of steamship sub-
sidies is discussed.
Mr. DAVIS. And I want to begin soon in
the morning. I do not want to act upon it at
night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky objects, and the Chair understands
the Senator from Ohio to object.
Mr. THURMAN. I object because I want
a full Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would have objected;
but I think the Committee on Appropriations
ought to stand by their appropriation bills. I
do not consider myself bound any more to
stand as an objector for the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to ask unanimous
consent that the Committee on Naval Affairs
may have next Saturday for the consideration
of business from that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks that next Saturday be
assigned for the consideration of reports from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. Is there
objection?
Mr. COLE. I am informed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs that
that committee will not be ready to proceed
with the Indian appropriation bill, the only
one now back beside the legislative bill, until
Wednesday or Thursday of next week. The
only appropriation bill, therefore, that will be
up for consideration between this time and
that is the one which is now pending' as it
were, and which has been partly considered,
unless the committee are able to report some
other appropriation bills in the mean time.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shermax] sug-
gests that probably the legislative appropria-
tion bill will take a couple of days. I hope
not. The main question now pending upon
that bill is as to the salaries of the judiciary
of the United States. There may be some
other amendments offered; I think probably
there will be some; but I think it ought not to
take very long, and I will state now that in all
probability I shall move on Monday, after the
morning hour, to proceed with and finish that
bill; and I hope it can be done in a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that, by unanimous order, at one o'clock
on Monday lie must call up the joint resolu-
tion in regard to a Senator-elect from Georgia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
California will not seek to set aside a unan-
imous agreement of the Senate made.in full
Senate.
Mr. COLE. I will state, then, for the in-
formation of the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, for I am pressed to do this,
that I should like very much to get rid of this
one appropriation bill, because the longer it
hangs the more amendments will be offered to
it, and the more difficulty there will be in get-
ting it out of the way. 1 wish we could have
got rid of it this afternoon; but as that was
impossible, I hope on the first opportunity,
perhaps in the morning hour on Monday, we
shall be ready to lake it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator froth
New Hampshire that Saturday next shall be
assigned for reports of the Committee on
Naval Affairs?
Mr. COLE. By that time, evidently, we shall
have other appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the motion
cannot be entertained at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from California that after the struggle we
had two or three days ago as to disposing of
this election case it was proposed that Mon-
day should be fixed by unanimous consent for
its consideration ; and I asked the Chair that
the rule which applied to unfinished business,
even, should not interfere with it. That was
submitted by the Chair, and the Senate agreed
to it unanimously. I hope the Senator from
California who was a party to that arrange-
ment will be the last one to seek to avoid a
unanimous arrangement of the Senate; and I
hoJ>e there will be no controversy about it, but
that that business will come up on Monday at
one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the vote on
my motion to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves an adjournment.
Mr. COLE. I ask indulgence to be allowed
to say one word only. I appreciate what is
said by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee; but I am told by Senators that that
Georgia question will probably take a week or
more. If so, of course I cannot permit the
legislative appropriation bill to be laid aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not justify
the Senator from California in avoiding an
arrangement.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio insists on his motion. Does he
yield to the Senator from Minnesota who is
appealing to him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield to anything
that can be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask unanimous consent
that Tuesday evening be assigned for the con-
sideration of the postal code bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to renew my appeal
for next Saturday, for reports from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I must object.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Vermont
withdrawals objection to my request.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I only told the Sen-
ator I would agree to whatever the Committee
on Appropriations wished.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better adjourn.
I insist on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 11, 1871.
The House metal twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, llev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
GEORGIA ELECTION TIFT VS. WIIITELKY.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe some re-
marks on the Georgia contested-election case
of Tift vs. Whiteley. [See Appendix.]
PATENTS AND COPYRIGHTS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R, No 3001)
