1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Clerk will read the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to have order
restored, so that the bill may be heard. There
is no land grant in it.
Mr, KERR. I object to debate unless we
have a chance on this side.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of
the bill. It is as follows:
Whereas it Is represented to this present Congress
that Miles Greenwood. Richard M. Bishop, William
Hooper, Philip Ileidelbaeh, and Edward A. Fergu-
son, of tbo city of Cincinnati, in tbe State of Ohio,
were appointed, under and by viitue of an act of
the General Assembly of the said State of Ohio,
passed oil the 4th day of May, 1869, a board of trus-
tee*, with authority, by the name of the trustees of
the Cincinnati Southern railway, to borrow a fund
not to exceed $10,000,000, and to issue bonds therefor
in tho name of tbe said city ofCincinnati, under the
corporate seal thereof, of which said fund the said
Miles Greenwood, ilichard M. Bishop, William
Ifoopor, Philip Ileidelbaeh, and Edward A. Fergu-
son, and their successors, arc to be trustees, with
power to expend the same in procuring tho right to
construct and in constructing a single or double
track railway, with all tho usual appendages, in-
cluding ahne of telegraph, between the said city of
Cincinnati and tho city of Chattanooga, in the State
of Tennessee, to be called and known as the Cincin-
nati Southern railway, and with power and capacity
for the purpose as aforesaid to make contracts,
appoint, employ, and pay officers and agents, and
to acquire, hold, and possess all tho necessary real
and personal propeity and franchises in the said
State of Ohio, or in any other State into which the
taid lino of railway may extend, and with other
powers in said act expressed: Therefore,
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rexireaenta-
tivex of the United States of America in Congress awem-
bU<i, That tho s:ud board of trustees, namciv. Miles
Greenwood, Richard M. Bishop, William Hooper,
Philip Ileidelbaeh, and Edward A. Ferguson, and
their huccessors, by the name of tho Trustees of
tbe Cincinnati Southern Railway, be, and they are
heieby, authorized, subject to the provisons and
restrictions in ttie act provided, to construct and
maintain tho said line of railway with a single or
double track, with all the usual appendages, includ-
ing a line of telegraph, and the bridges necessary
to carry said laiiway across the navigable riveis
intervening between the termini thereof, and to
exercise tho powers vested in them by said act of
the General Assembly oi Ohio m leasing the same.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That beforo any
bridge shall bo commenced under this act, the said
trustees thall submitto the Secretary of War a plan
of I ho uridge and piers, with a detailed map of the
rivi-r, at the proposed site of the bridge, together
with all other information touching such bi idge and
river „s may be deemed requisite by tho Seerepary
of War: Provided* That tho bi idge across the Ohio
river shall have an unbroken or continuous span
across tho main low-water channel of an elevation
notless than ninety feet above lower-watei nuuk,
nor less than torty feet above extreme high-water
mark, us understood at the point of location, meas-
uring, tor such elevation, to the bottom chord of
the bridge; and all the spans, other than tbe one
over the main low-water channel, shall be at least
two hundred and fifty feet in length in the clear,
and the span covering the main low-water ehaunel
shall bo of such length as to leave at least four hun-
dred feet for unobstructed passage-way for naviga-
tion at all stages: Provided jurther, That before
tho Secretary of War shall grant permission to said
trustees to construct a bridge across the said river
Ohio, he shall detail a board, to be composed of
three experienced officers of the corps of Engineers,
to oxnmine the pi oposed location of said bridge, and
report what length ot span, and other conditions,
they deem necessary to secure a passage-way that
shall not unnecessarily obstruct tbe navigation of
the said river.
Sec. 3. And beit furtherenacied, That the Secretary
ot War is hereby authorised and directed, upon re-
ceiving said plans, maps, reports, and other inform-
ation, and being satisfied that a bridge can be built
at either ot the proposed localities, which will not
unnecessarily obstructor injuriously modify naviga-
tion, to notify in writing tnc said trustees that he
approves the plan and location of the same, and
upon receiving such notification the said trustees
may proceed to the erection of such bridge, eon-
forming ftrictly to the approved plan and location.
Sec. 4, Ami be %t further enacted, That in ease of
any litigation arising tromany obstruction or alleged
obstruction to navigation created by the construc-
tion of any bridge under this act. the cause or ques-
tion arising may bo tried before tho district court of
the United States of any State in which any portion
of said obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. 5. And be it further enroled. That said trustees
are hereby empowered to purchase, lease, receive,
and hold such lands or other propeity as may be
necessary for accomplishing the object of this act,
and may, by their agents, engineers, contractors, or
workmen, immediately enter upon, take possession
of, and use all such lands and property as maybe
necessary for tho constiuction, maintenance, and
operation of said railway, and the accommodations
requisite and appertaining thereto; but all lands or
property thus entered upon and appropriated by
said trustees, which are not donations, shall bo pur-
chased by said trustees of the owneror owners of the
same, at a price to be mutually agreed upon between
them. And in case of a disagreement as to price,
and before taking exclusive possession of the track
of said railway and its appurtenances, the said trus-
tees, or tbe owner or owners of such land or property,
shall apply by petition to the justice tfr justices of
the Supreme, circuit, or district court of tho United
States having jurisdiction in the State or locality in
which said lands or other property may be situated,
particularly describing the same; and the said jus-
tice, upon receiving such application, shall cause
such notice to be given to the other party as he shall
deem proper and sufficient, appointing therein a
time and place of hearing the parties, at which time
and place, upon proof that the notice directed has
been given, the said justice shall direct the manner
of ascertaining the true value of said lands or other
property, together with the damages which the owner
or owners thereof have sustained or may sustain
by reason of the appropriation, occupation, and use
thereof bv the said trustees. And the said justice
shall appoint not less than three nor more than seven
competent aud disinterested commissioners, who
shall be freeholders in the State or district, and at
least one of whom shall be a resident of the county
in which said lands or other property may bo sit-
uated, and who shall, under the direction of the said
justice, view said premises or property, take such
testimony as they may deem proper, make appraise-
ment, and determine the said damages, and report
the same, under oath, and in writing, to the said
justice. The report shall contain a minute and accu-
rate description of the lands and other property
appraised, together with all the evidence taken by
thecommissioners in the case. It shall be the duty
of the saidjusticeto examine the report of the said
commissioners, and, upon the application of either
party, he shall give the party a hearing in relation
thereto; and he shall, unless a jury bo demanded,
have power to increase or diminish said appraisal or
damages, if heshall becomesatisfiedupon suchhear-
mgthatinjusticehas been done. But either party may
have a jury to determine the amount of damages ;
and in case such jury be demanded, tho case shall
be tried at the next term of the circuit court of the
United States, under such rules as the court shall
provide. Upon proof to the said justice, to be made
within sixty days after his determination of pay-
ment to the owner, or of depositing to the credit of
the owner or his legal representative, in such incor-
porated moneyed institution as the said justice shall
direct, the amount of said award and the payment
of all expenses attending the same, including an
allowance ot five dollars per diem to each of the
aforesaid commissioners, the said justice shallmake
an ordor or decree, particularly describing said lands
or ether property, and reciting the appraisement of
damages and the mode of making it, together with
such other facts as he may deem pertinent; and
when the said order or decree shall be recorded in
the clerk's office of the county, town, or city in which
such lands or other property may be situated, and
also in the office of the Secretary of the Interior, the
said trustees, their successors and assigns, shall bo
legally and equitably seized and possessed of such
lands and other property for the purpose herein-
before described. In case any married woman, in-
fant, idiot, insane person, or non-resident of the
State or district in which said lands or other prop-
erty may be situated shall be interested in such
lands or other property, the said justice shall ap-
point somecompetont disinterested person to appear
before said commissioners, and actforand in behalf
of such married woman, idiot, infant, insane person,
or non-resident: Provided, however. That the said
trustees shall not have power to condeinu the prop-
erty of any railway company chartered by the laws
of any State, exceptso far as the same may beneces-
sary for crossing the line of such railroad, doing no
unnecessary damage thereto.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That if during
the construction, or after the completion of said line
of railway, it shall be found necessary by said trus-
tees to change the location or grade, orto substitute
other works or conveniences for those originally
desigued or constructed or to provide additional side-
tracks, or other appendages, for the proper manage-
ment and operation of said railway.the said trustees
may make such changes, and provide such additional
appendages, not departing from the general route
originally selected by them, and for the purpose
aforesaid may acquire or enter upon, take, and ap-
propriate such lands or other property as may be
necessary in tho mode hereinbefore presoribed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the gauge of
tho said railway shall be of uniform width or so as
to carry one set of cars throughout its entire length,
and the entire railway shall, with its outfit, fixtureg,
and structures, together with all its appurtenances,
be equal m character and workmanship to any of
the fir^t-clas5? railways of the United States.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatsnid trustees
shall survey and locate the route of said iine ot rail-
way, and actually commence the construction there-
of, within one year from the passage of this act, and
shall continue such construction, and complete the
work within five years therefrom, or within such
further reasonable period as the Secretary of the
Interior may grant, upon satisfactory evidence that
they are progressing with due diligence and in good
faith. A map aud profile of said railway, and any
alteration or addition herein authorized, shall bo
deposited with the Secretary of the Interior within
such time as lie may prescribe.
Sec.9. And be iifuithcr enacted, That the lespective
holders of all the bonds issued by said trustees under
said act of the General Assembly of Ohio are hereby
declaied to be entitled to hold, by way of mortgage,
without any conveyance, the said line of railway
and its appendages and the net income thereof, and
ail the estate, right, title, and interest of the said
city of Cincinnati, and of the said board of trustees
therein, until the respective sums mentioned in said
bonds and the interest thereon shall bo fully paid,
without any preference one above another by reason
of priority of date of any such bonds, or of thotimo
when such holder became the ownerof the sauie, or
otherwise howsoever. The mortgage lien hereby
given is to vest as soon as rights of way or lands
whereon are to be placed the works and conveniences
used in constructing, maintaining, or operating said
railway are acquired or taken by virtue of the powers
of the said trustees: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall effect the lien of any prior owner
upon land sold to or appropriated by said trustees,
nor to be held to include tho rolling-stock used in
operating said road.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That if any suit
or proceeding, either in law or equity, or any crim-
inal prosecution, shall be commenced in any State
court against the said trustees, their successors or
assigns, or any person authorized or employed by
them, for any act done or omitted to be done in and
about the construction of the railway hereby author-
ized under and by virtue of this act, and in which
the validity of any franchise conferred by this act is
denied, or to restrain by injunction or otherwise the
construction, completion, or operation of the said
railway, and the defendant shall, at the time of
entering his appearance, or within thirty days there-
after, in such court, in said action or proceeding, file
a petition stating the facts,and verified by affidavits,
for a removal of the cause, for the trial at the next
circuit court ofthe United States to be holden in tho
district where such suit or prosecution is pending,
and offer good and sufficient security for his filing in
such circuit court, on the first day of its next session,
copies of the process and other proceedings against
him in such State court, and also for his appearing
in such circuit court, and entering special bail in the
cause ofproceeding, (if special bail was originally re-
quired therein,) it then shall be the duty ofthe State
court to accept the security, and proceed no further
in the.cause or prosecution, and the bail that shall
have been originally taken in such State court shail
be discharged. And upon such copies being filed as
aforesaid in such circuit court of the United States,
the cause or prosecution shall proceed therein, in
the same manner as if it had been brought in such
circuit court, whatever may be the amount in dis-
pute, or the damage claimed, or whatever may be
the citizenship of the parties, any law to the con-
trary notwithstanding. And any attachment of the
goods or the estate ofthe defendant by original pro-
cess from such State court shall hold the goods and
the estate so attached to answer tho final judgment
in the same manner as by the laws of such State
they would have been holden to answer final judg-
ment had it been rendered m the court in which the
suit or prosecution was commenced ; and from any
final judgment rendered in any such suit or prosecu-
tion by such circuit courts, a writ of error shall lio
to the Supreme Courtof the United States, whatever
may be the amount of such judgment, any law to
the contrary notwithstanding.
SEC.11. And be it further enacted. That the said line
of railway, with the bridges hereby authorized to bo
constructed, shall be deemed and considered a na-
tional public highway and post road, for the transmis-
sion ot the mails and the troops and munitions of war
of the United States; and no tax or transit duty shall
be imposed by virtue of any State authority upon
the traffic of said company, its freight or passengers,
and no property tax snail be levied on the property
of said load at a higher rate pio rat a than is levied by
the laws of said State upon the property of all other
roads constructed in said State under the laws
thereof.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the chargo
for transportation on said railway shall not exceed
thirty-five cents per hundred pounds on heavy arti-
cles, aud ten cents per cubic foot oil articles of meas-
urement for every hundred miles, and five cents a
mile tor every passenger.
Sec.13. And be it Jurther enacted. That the lines of
railroads carrying mails of the United States which
may be, or are now. constructed under the authority
of the States through which the railway hereby
authorized shall pas?, and which may meet or inter-
sect the same, and then* connections, shall have the
right to connect for the purpose of transportation
with the railway hereby authorized on fair and
equitable terms, under the pro rata .system now cus-
tomary upon main lines in the United States: Pro-
vided, That the lines of railroad so claiming the right
to connect shall reciprocate in traffic with the line
hereby authorized upon the same terms and without
discrimination or prejudice against it. Such connect-
ing lines shall have the right to sell through tickets,
checii through baggage, and transport height in Mich
manner and upon such terms as are eu-toraary
between connccting lines of railways, and through
tickets,through baggage, through receipts for freight,
shall be furnished by the persons or company operat-
ing the line hereby authorized over such Hues of
railroad as may connect with them, and as the pas-
senger and shipper or consignor may select, and
without discrimination or projudieo to any one or
more of said connecting lines oi railroad.
skc. 14. And be it further enacted. That tho persons
or company operating suid railway, or any part there-
of, as lessees or otherwise, shall receive and carry all
passengers and freight coming or brought to H or
them to be cairied, and shall keep an agent in every
county through which the said railway runs, upon
whom service of process may be made.
SEC. 15. And be it farther enacted, That the said
