1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
pretended confessions of guilt were sufficient, and
more than sufficient, to condemn them, and that I
ought to be grateful to him for sparing me. I am;
but, at the same time, the dislike I always had for
hiiu was intensified by what he told me, and the
perusal of his notable work, La Hiatoria Seereta dela
Miiion cle Ch.arlc.fs Washburn, has converted it into
contempt and loathing."
This was the testimony of his colleague and
fellow-prisoner.
General McMahon, who has been compli-
mented by myfriendfrom Indiana, [Mr.OitTH,]
in his testimony, says of Bliss, (page 221, rec-
ord,) that his unfavorable impression of him
wis not only from reading his book against Mr.
Washburn, but from the testimony of every
American resident in BuenosAyres. Theopin-
ion was universal against him.
Commander W. A. Kirkland states, in his
testimony, (page 212:)
"I have been along time in the waters of the La
Plata, and I heard it frequently expressed that ho
(Bliss) was a spy of Lopez in Washburn's house, and
that he would betray Lopez as soon as he had an
opportunity. I heard it on several occasions from
different parties. The general impression I had was
that he would not tell the truth to save his life, and
when I saw that book which he published, it was so
scandalous that I would not read it."
As reference has been made to the book
alleged to have been written by Bliss under
torture, I will cite a single paragraph, which
was introduced at my instance, from the testi-
mony of Admiral Davis, (page 190,) as a fair
illustration of the character of this ungrateful
man. It may be true that the work was writ-
ten under duress j but what amount of duress
would justify a man in stabbing his best friend ?
What amount of duress can warrant his pre-
senting such an exhibit of ingratitude to bis
benefactor, who had saved his life a hundred
times, as is to be found in the extract which
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read as an
evidence of his ingratitude.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Translation.—From Porter G. Bliss's " Historia
Seereta," &c.]
44 Washburn was born in the State of Maine, somo
forty years ago. lie is one of the younger of seven
brothers, of whom the elder, dispersed through sev-
eral States, have advanced in fortune and influence
to such an extent that three of them have met in the
Halls of Congress in Washington as Representatives
from three separate States, to which circurastancc it
is owing that Charles has been able to take part in
politics. In this very respectable flock our hero
was the black sheep—the real Jonah of the shipl
Among other precious qualities which adorned this
hopeof the family, and which caused.serious anxiety
to his parents, was a constitutional inability to dis-
tinguish 4 tneunxettuumJ "—Pages 2 and 3.
44 His family destined him for the Army, and having
obtained, through the efforts of a member of Con-
giess. a nomination as cadet in the Military Acadcmy
H.t West Point, he went at the age of nineteen years
to thatplace, toenterupon thecourse of studies that
were expected to make him a Grant or a Napoleon.
But what musthave been tho surprise and shame of
his respectable family, when, after a few days, they
saw the expected future conqueror and military
glory of his race return with his head down on
account of his not having been able to pass the ex-
amination previous to his admission to that school
where the heroes of the last civil war were edu-
cated!" * * * * 44He then endeavored to
correct somewhat the defects of education on which
ins hopes of military glory, were shipwrecked by
means of a coutsc of study in Bowdom College, m
his native St;Lte. It must be admitted, fortruth s
^ake, thatour talentedyouth acquired some tincture
ot Latinity, for even now he is in the haottof sprink-
ling some pedantic display of it through his conversa-
tion with those who are familiar with the idiom ot
Cicero; for, as it is said,4 a fool cannot be wnolly a
fool without knowing some Latin."'—Page 4.
*' It a source of real regret to the author to be
obliged to statethat his learned hero did notemerge
from his studies with academic honors, for a mys-
terious event clipped his wings! The cause of this
misfortune is not perfectly clear, and was on<3 of
tnose matters concerning which he always preserved
a significant silence; but the explanation supplied
by rumor is that theevent was not altogether dis-
connected with the disappearance of certain silver
M>oons fiom the table of the academic commons!
If such were tho case, the prudent reader must not
attribute this little circumstance to a want of honor
on the part of the punctilious hero, but to his well-
known organic infirmity of kleptomania. —Page b.
"Through the influenceof his elder brothers, who,
ashus been said, had already reached respectable
Positions in the State, he obtained an appointment
to a place in theofficeof public lands ((reueral Land
Office) in Washington, with a compensation of $1,200
per annum. It might now besupposed that, launched
so early in tho official career, and enjoying the ad-
vantage of having relatives in Congress, our hero
would make gigantic strides toward the realization
of bis golden dreams of greatness! Alas 1 again the
inexorable shears of the Fates out the thread of his
aspirations! After enjoying for a few months the
pleasures of tho capital, another painful and unex-
plained event occasioned his expulsion from his new
position without carrying with him a certificate of
character!"—Page 7.
•'There i3 no doubt that our hero passed thosofew
months of his career in Washington abandoned to
the pleasures and orgies of the capital, sowing his
wild oats, as the saying is, in connection with the
dissolute youth he met there, and left behind a well-
established character as a rake, and as one addicted
to the bottle, to gambling, and to the pleasures of
the table. He reformed his religion with the new
dogma of making a god of his belly, and conceived
the firm purpose of getting money—honorably if
ossible, but in anycasegettingmoney 1 He carried
..is real ruling passion for gold to such an extreme
that one who knew him well has said of him that4 he
would steal the coppers from the eyes of a dead
negro,' and that' if the devil should spread his nets
for Washburn with the bait of half a real, ho would
catch his soul!' But Lucifer is not as niggardly as
our hero, and has thrown him his bait of some good
thousands of ounces."—Page 8.
Mr. ORTH. I am satisfied that the gentle-
mau from Maryland desires to present this
matter fairly to the House. 1 therefore ask
him whether he does not concur with me when
I state that Mr. Bliss testified before the com-
mittee that he wrote that book under the dicta-
tion of Lopez, and for the purpose of gaining
time, believing that, if he finished his book
before the news of his arrest could reach the
South Atlantic squadron, he would be executed.
He would write eight or ten pages in a day, and
says he was very particular about correcting
the proof, often making as many new mistakes
as he had corrected, and that he drew upon his
imagination for every statement he made in
the book.
Mr. SWANN. I will reply to my friend
from Indiana. I stated to the House that Mr.
Bliss had said before the committee that that
book had been written under duress; but I ask
my friend from Indiana if he had been in the
position of Mr. Bliss whether he would have
deemed it necessary to go into the private char-
acter and the private and family relations of
Mr. Washburn in order to conciliate Lopez?
I can only say for myself, as an honorable man,
that I would have preferred death to such a
degradation.
Mr. ORTH. I will answer the question of
my friend from Maryland very cheerfully, and
I will do it by asking him a question. Does
he not know that the evidence discloses this
further fact, that Mr. Washburn told Bliss, in
order to save his life, to consent to any charges
that might be made against him (Washburn)
to implicate him in any conspiracy; in short,
to do anything on God's earth to save his
life?
Mr. SWANN. That maybe; but he abused
liis confidence and generosity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having thus disposed of
one of these memorialists, I will proceed to
some little notice of his colleague, Mr. G. F.
Masterman, this Englishman who has been
foisted into this investigation. Mr. Master-
man was a British subject, with intense preju-
dices against everything American. His arrival
in Paraguay is thus stated by himself in the
introduction to his work entitled Seven Event-
ful Years in Paraguay:
44 In Octob er, 1861,1 entered th e service of the re-
public of Paraguay as chief military apothecary,
and reached Asuncion on the Christmas eve of that
year."
On the 10th of October, 1867, he accepted the
offer of Mr. Washburn to become his private
medical attendant and to reside in the legation.
He had previously suffered an imprisonment
of eleven months upon a charge preferred by
the Paraguayan authorities. It was through
Mr. Washburn's kindness that he was released
from imprisonment. In July, 1867, Bliss and
Masterman were demanded by Lopez, the
former charged with treason and conspiracy,
and the latter with having " committed crimes
of equal gravity." This was refused by Mr.
Washburn, and a long correspondence ensued,
to which I will not refer.
Inreply to the question," Had you any knowl-
edge of Mr. JMasterman ?'1 -General Mo-Mahon
says, (page 225 record:) - ^ , 1 *
"I did not know him at all ad that time; I knew,
that he was not an American citizen. 1 The only: .o«-
favorablo thing againstMastermanthatleverhoard
was a statement mad© by Mr, Washburn to mo, in
which he used the expression—referring to Master-
man—* the notorious liar,' or some expression of sim-
ilar import. I think that was in reference to. Mas-,
terman's recently published book, which I have not
read."
In order to show the estimation in which
Masterman was held by Bliss, who ought to
have known something about him, I will quote
from his testimony^ (page 307 record:)
44By Mr. Swann:
41 Question. Have you seen a work published on
Paraguay by Mr. Masterman?
"Answer. I have.
4' Question. What is your estimate of the character
of Mr. Masterman?
"Answer. Mr. Masterman is an Englishman who
has an exceedingly great prejudice against America,
and everything American. He is a man of a temper
which was always getting him into a difficulty with
his own countrymen and everyone else in Paraguay.
His excitable nature, his nervousness, and his pride
are the cause of his being frequently in hot water;
and when he was taken out of prison by the inter-
vention of Mr.Washburnheneverleltany gratitude
to Mr. Washburn for this pervieo; but although given
a home in the house of Mr. Washburn as physician
to Mr. Washburn's family, his personal relations
with Mr. Washburn very soon became exceedingly
embarrassed. As for myself, Mr. Masterman anu I
have never been friends.
"Question. You have seen theslurs upon Mr. Wash-
burn and yourself in that volume?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I will state in thatrespectthafc
Mr. Masterman had no consultation with me on
board the vessels of the American Navy. We treated
each other, during the six weeks we were on board
the Wasp and Guerriere, not as friends. We hadno
communication with cach other conccrning what we
had passed through, with the exception of a long
conversation, lasting two or three hours, the first
night we passed on board the Wasp, in which we
each of us narrated some of our experiences. Wo
never afterward had any free communication upon
the subject, and this arose from Masterman himself
not desiring to obtain any further information from
mo and not desiring to communicate to me anything
regarding himself. From the time, then, that we
were on board the Wasp we were distantly polite to
each other, and never had any free communication,
which explains the fact that he has committed an
infinite number of blunders, both in his statement
of what we experienced in our imprisonment, and
more particularly in what he states regarding Mr.
Washburn and myself, though I do not accuse him
of any deliberate intention to falsify. I do not charge
him with perjury, nor do I believe him capable of -
such acts; but I could show, if I had the book in my
hand, a largo number of cases in which his memory,
is at fault, and in which his statements become very
confused and give an exceedingly erroneous idea of
the circumstances.
"Question. Atwhattimedid Mr. Washburn become
acquainted with his character and want of gratitude
for the service ho had rendered him ?
"Answer. Very soon after. Withinavery shorttime
after his release from prison he was in the habit of
cursing Washburn, with all his friends, and, in short,
no great length of time passed before in ray own pres-^
ence Mr.Washburn and Mr. Masterman had a quarrel
at table, after which they never pretended to treat
each other as friends.
"Question. What induced Mr. Washburn to retain
him as a member of the legation after he became
fully acquainted with his character and his want of
gratitude ? Did he ever speak of dissolving his con-
nection with the embassy and getting rid of him r
"Answer, Ilodid, There was a time when he pro-
posed to dismiss Mr. Masterman from the legation.
But that was after the evacuation of the capital; and
at that time, if Masterman had been dismissed, ho
would have found himself in an exceedingly difficult
position. He would have been probably immediately
arrested on the old grounds of dissatisfaction which
the Paraguayan Government had with him, and Mr.
Washburn, on second thought probably, concluded
not to be so cruel as to do so, simply on humanitarian
principles/'
Such are the men, Mr. Speaker, who sign
this memorial, and who are relied upon to
justify the interposition of this House in an
effort to disparage and degrade some of the
most distinguished officers of our Navy, officers
who have grown gray in the service of their
country, and whose past record will bear the
test of the severest scrutiny. Is it not a mat-
ter of surprise that Mr. Washburn should, in
the face of law and the dictates of common
prudence, have connected these men with the
American legation, and, knowing the unwor-
thiness and the suspicions which attached to
them, as he must have done, should have gra-
tuitously invited the ingratitude,-which appears
to have been his only recompense for his kind-
ness and generosity in saving their lives?
