11I>0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
just been read, limiting to a, gre,at degree the
claim made by the owners of the steamship
Meteor. .
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why does the gentleman
propose to- depart from the usual custom of
not allowing interest in these cases?
Mr. BANKS. That point was carefully con-
sidered, and interest is allowed because, as
iho committee believej the damage was sus-
tained in consequence of injuries by the acts
of the Government. And therefore, whatever
the amount of actual, positive injuries, with-
out any consequential damages, the commit-
tee believed that the rule of the Government
was to allow interest from that time. The
judgment of the committee was unanimous on
that point, and I think the subject was con
sidered in all its bearings.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As regards this question
of interest I wish to say that since 1 have been
a member of this House we have had the mat-
ter before us in various shapes ; and 1 have now
no recollection that in the case of any claim
against the Government, however just, we have
allowed interest to the claimant. It seems to
me that such an allowance in this case would
be a very dangerous precedent. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to permit me to
move an amendment to strike out the allow
ance for interest.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will not press that point. Almost
every State of the Uuion that has presented
claims against the Government has received
interest upon those claims as compensation for
non-payment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I recollect that at the
last session we passed a bill allowing Massa-
chusetts interest on certain advances made bv
that State; butthegentleman is mistaken when
he says that neaily every State has received
interest on such claims.
Mr. BANKS. The action in the case of
Massachusetts was only in pursuance of the
precedent previously established. It was con-
sidered that interest ought to be paid, and it
had been paid in similar cses.
In this case the damages were sustained by
the direct intervention of the Government.
The Congress of the United States decided
that the owners or the master of the Meteor
had not infringed the laws in anyway. We
propose to limit the paymentin this case to the
actual legal damages. We insert an express
provision against consequential or inferential
damages which the Senate resolution might
be construed to allow. Having put this restric-
tion upon the claim, we believe it proper that
interest should be allowed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker,
my colleague on the Committee of Claims, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] is not now in his seat, and for that
reason I wish to say that this question of
allowing interest to individual claimants has
been very thoroughly discussed in the Com-
mittee of Claims ; and while I will not pretend
that the action of our committee should be
quoted as authority, yet I do consider it proper
to state that we have deemed it our duty with
reference to all individual claims heretofore
reported, as we shall in respect to those which
may hereafter be reported, to deny any claim
for interest. It is true that the Committee of
Claims did report—and I may say without
violating my obligations as member of the
committee that the action was taken against
my personal effort—a bill allowing the°State
of Massachusetts or her assignee interest on
advances made to the Government during the
war of 1812. That bill was put through upon
an assertion, supported to some extent by
evidence, that it was in pursuance of a prece-
dent set in the case of the State of Maryland.
I believe, however, that the main ground upon
which the claim for interest was in that case
allowed—and the distinction was kept up
throughout in the consideration of the ques-
tion was that we should p;iy only those States
which were debtor States, anfl the interest was
allowed only with the view of refunding inter-
est which the State itself had paid on money
borrowed by it and expended to assist the
General Government in prosecuting the war.
For my own part, Mr. Speaker, I believe it
would be a fatal error for this Government to
fall into the practice of paying interest on
individual claims. There, may be a differ-
ence (and I think there is) between the claims
of States and those of private individuals.
Should the Government commence paying
interest on the claims which it by legislation
may be induced to pay the precedent will
involve an expenditure which cannot now be
estimated.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to permit me to test the
sense of the House on this question of inter
est. It is a matter of very great importance.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make a statement
on this subject, but I have no objection to the
question being first put on the amendment.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
54, noes 33; no quorum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As this bill looks to an
entire change in the practice of Congress in
the matter of paying interest, I call for the
yeas and nays, that we may have the decision
of the House upon the question.
Mr. BANKS. Before the question is taken,
I desire to make a statement. The allowance
for interest is inserted in this resolution as a
part of the damages. The rule prescribed in
the Constitution is that where private property
is taken for public use it must be paid for.
The resolution as passed by the Senate pro-
vided for paying as damages the amount ac-
tually expended for repairing the vessel, the
damages resulting from its detention, by the
loss of a market and the loss of a voyage. We
have stricken out everything in relation to
consequential damages. We have only allowed
actual damages for the property taken without
having violated any laws or infringed any of
the rights of the Government. We put the
item of interest in the amount of damages.
But I will modify the amendment so far as to
exclude interest.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was
ordered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
west point cadets.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of wm be requested
to communicate to this Houss any reports he may
have received from the officers of the the Military
Academy explanatory of their action in connection
with the late unlawful expulsion of certain cadets
of the fourth class by the members of the first class
of cadets.
andrew ten brook.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to again report
back House bill No. 884, for the relief of
Andrew Ten Brook, late consul at Munich,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be allowed and paid out of any money appro-
priated for contingent expenses for foreign
missions abroad to Andrew Ten Brook, late
consul at Munich, $2,500, in full for extra com-
pensation for diplomatic services rendered at
the Government of Bavaria from the 1st of
April, 1859, to the 1st of December, 1861.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is for extra service,
and I make the point of order that it makes an
appropriation.
The SPEAKER. It does not make an
appropriation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of
order that the bill reported is not the bill
which was referred to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BANKS. The committee has the rigli'
to change the bill.
The SPEAKER. The committee have the
right to change it by reporting an amendment.
Mr. BANKS. We re-report the bill.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is that
it is not the same bill.
Mr. BANKS. The specific subject was
referred to the committee.
The SPEAKER. A specific bill was re-
ferred to the committee, and a different bill
has been reported.
Mr. BANKS. We certainly have the right
to change it.
The SPEAKER. Only by amendment.
When a bill is referred to a committee the
House has the right to vote on that particular
bill. The committee may report amend-
ments.
Mr. BANKS. It is the constant practice
when bills are referred to committees for them
to report back new bills.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entirely
correct in that fact. It is the common prac-
tice to report back a substitute, and it is the
uniform usage of the Chair to say that the
substitute alone will be read unles's objected
to, and if objected to by a single member the
House has the right to act on the identical
bill referred to the committee. No amend-
ment made by the committee has any authority
until approved by the House.' The gentleman
from Missouri insists on his point of order,
and the Chair sustains it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I report it as a. new
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain.
A bill was repox-ted appropriating $2,500 from
the Treasury. The point of order was made
that as it made an appropriation it must
under the rules have its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar. The Chair sustained the
point of order and it went there. Subse-
quently the gentleman from Minnesota again
reported the bill from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. If the gentleman reports it back
in the same form, even with an amendment
the point of order would still hold good, be-
cause the House might reject the amend-
ment and still leave the bill in its original
shape. The point of order could not be evaded
in that way. The Chair sustains the point
of order of the gentleman from Missouri, and
the bill will be returned to the gentleman from
Minnesota. The Chair, however, will advise
the gentleman that there is still one mode in
which, under the rules, the bill can be reached.
It has been recommitted to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and the gentleman has the
right to enter a motion to reconsider that vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think a motion has
already been made to reconsider all the ref-
erences ^made this morning and laid on the
table. That motion was made a short time
since by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,]
The SPEAKER. If such a motion had been
made it could not apply to proceedings which
took place half an hour afterward. But there
has been no such motion recorded this inorn-
mg.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, I now move to
reconsider all relerences made this morninir,
and also move to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to that.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I will make the
motion in every instance hereafter.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the morning hour should not be inter
runted by this question of reconsideration.
