1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
Mr. RANDALL. I think I made the motion
this morning.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk says that no
such motion has been recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I feel quite
certain that no such motion was made in ref-
erence to the bill which was referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is not the motion to recon-
sider references now in order?
* The SPEAKER. It is. But the Chair would
rathernotinterruptthemorning hour, of which
twenty minutes now remain. The Chair will
recognize the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holmax] for the purpose of making that
motion at the end of the morning hour.
WAR OP 1812.
Mr. WILLARD. The Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812, to whom
were referred sundry private and general peti-
tions praying the granting of pensions for
services in the war of 1812, having had the
same under consideration, report that the same
are provided for in the general bill reported
by the committee at the last session. They
therefore ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petitions, and the
same were laid on the table.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back bills of the following
titles, with the recommendation that they do
not pass; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and they were severally laid on the table:
A bill (H. It. No. 1794) granting a pension
to John W. Salyers. a soldier of the war of
1812;
A bill (H. It. No. 1366) granting a pension
to John Mustin, a citizen of North Carolina,
and a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 664) for the relief of Elias
Overton, of Clark county, Arkansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 620) granting a pension to
Jacob Sanders, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. It. No. 1-504) authorizing and
directing the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll John T. Akin, of Alabama,
who was a soldier in the war of 1812;
A bill (H. It. No. 1461) granting a pension
to Joseph Smith, of Philadelphia, a soldier of
the war of 1812 ;
A bill (H. it. No. 1417) for the relief of
Mary Pike, of New Hampshire, widow of
Joseph Pike, deceased;
A bill (II. It. No. 1349) granting a pension
to C. T. Nourse, of Merrimack, New Hamp-
shire, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (II. It. No. 29) for the relief of George
C. Ilaynie;
A bill (II. It. No. 1278) for the relief of
Hugh T. Ferguson, a soldier of the war of
1812, and for the relief of his wife;
A bill (H. It. No. 1222) granting a pension
to Emanuel Hunter, a soldier of the war of
1812 ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1221) granting a pension
to Ehud Watson, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (II. It. No. 1228) for the relief of the
heirs-at-law of Zachariah Lawrence, deceased;
A bill (II. It. No. 1078) granting a pension
to James Nutt. a soldier in the war of 1812;
A bill (LI. R. No. C77) for the relief of
Ephraim Hunt;
A bill (H. It. No. 914) granting a pension
to Cornelius Jackson, of Alabama, a soldier
of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. It. No. 883) granting a pension
to William Johnston, a soldier in the war of
1812;
A bill (K. R. No. 803) granting a pension
to Solomon J ones, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. II. No. 029) granting a pension
to Samuel Dodd. of Caswell comity, North
Carolina, a soldier of the war ol 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 734) granting a pension
to Anthony Parkin, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 346) to grant a pension
to Mrs. Lenora Marshall, grand-daughter of a
revolutionary soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. 182) granting a pension
to Eli Bunch, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 1141) granting a pension
to John Hamilton, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 1192) granting a pension
to John Kitts;
A bill (H. It. No. 76) to grant a pension to
Jacob Shy, of Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 2073) granting a pension
to William Blair, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 1861) granting a pension
to James Fugate, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 2532) granting a pension
to Hugh T. Ferguson, a soldier of the war of
1812:
A bill (H. R. No. 2650) entitled "An act
for the relief of John H. Scruggs, formerly a
private of the " life guard " of General Jack-
son in the war of 1812
A bill (H. R. No. 2544) granting a pension
to William Boynton, a soldier of the war of
1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 2619) granting a pension
to Joseph Owens, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. It. No. 2542) granting a pension
to Morris Cushman;
A bill (H. R. No. 2543) granting a pension
to Christian Hills;
A bill (H. R. No. 1503) providing for the
payment of pensions to all indigent soldiers
and officers of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 536) granting pensions to
the surviving officers and soldiers of the war
of 1812:
A bill (H. R. No. 521) granting pensions to
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 519) for the relief of the
surviving soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812
A bill (H. R. No. 165) granting pensions to
soldiers of the war of 1812 with Great Britain ;
A bill (H. R. No. 854) granting pensions
to the surviving soldiers and the widows of
deceased soldiers of the war of 1812-15;
A bill (fl. R. No. 603) granting pensions to
certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 50) to pension the sol-
diers of the war of 1812; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) granting
pensions to the surviving soldiers and their
widows of the war of 1812.
JOHN PREYEAUX.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3003) granting a
pension to John Preveaux, a citizen of Ames-
burg, Massachusetts ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of John
Preveaux, late a private in Captain Whitney's
company, first regiment of artillery, upon the
pension-roll, and pay him a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month from the date
of the passage of this bill.
The report was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REUBEN THOMAS AND GEORGE BROWN.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. It. No. 3004) for the
relief of Iteuben Thomas and George Brown;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upou ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read in full. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to restore to the pen-
sion-rolls and to their former rights as pen-
sioners Reuben Thomas, of Jefferson county,
i« the State of Tennessee, and George Brown,
of Johnson county in the same State, their
names having been stricken from the roll dur-
ing the late rebellion, the parties to receive
from the date of the passage of this act pen-
sions at the same rate paid them before their
names were stricken from the pension-roll.
Mr. KELSEY. What committee reports
this bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
Mr. KELSEY. These men were stricken
from the rolls for disloyalty, were they not?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman in charge
of the bill can answer that question. It is not
a parliamentary question.
Mr. WILLARD. There is a report accom-
panying the- bill, and I ask that it may be
read.
The report upon the petition of Reuben
Thomas was read. It states that Reuben
Thomas, of Jefferson county, Tennessee, was
receiving at the beginning of the rebellion a
pension at the rate of eight dollars a month
for services during the war of 1812. Being in
a State which was in rebellion, his name was
stricken from the pension-roll. A petition for
his restoration to the pension-roll is signed by
a large number of his neighbors and by prom-
inent officials of Jefferson county. It states
that, led by his sons, he sympathized with the
late rebellion ; that otherwise he did nothing
to aid the rebellion, and that since the war
he has acted with the Union party in Bast
Tennessee. It states further, that he is old,
feeble, and poor.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 hope this bill will not
pass. I do not want to open the door to let in
claims from all these men who were drawing
pensions from the Government and went off
into the rebellion, giving it aid and comfort.
I do not want that we shall go back upon our
own record. I think the bill should not pass.
Mr. WILLARD. These two cases are the
only ones that have been presented to our
committee asking for a restoration to the' pen-
sion-rolls. These two men are too old to have
taken any part whatever in the late rebellion.
They live in East Tennessee, and each of
them, I believe, had a son in the rebellion.
All the evidence there is in respect to their
disloyalty is that they probably had the natural
sympathy of a father for his child, and so far
sympathized with the rebellion. But there
was no evidence before the committee from
any source, and the committee had no reason
to suppose, that these old pensioners gave any
aid or comfort whatever to the rebellion.
Their names were stricken from the rolls, as
were the names of all pensioners in the south-
ern States, without any previous examination
as to their loyalty.
Mr. BEAMAN. Was there any evidence
of their loyalty ?
Mr. WILLARD. Their names were stricken
from the rolls without any preliminary trial,
without any evidence being produced of their
disloyalty. Their case in that respect is like
the case of every pensioner in the southern
States of the war of 1812.
Let me say further, that, on the evidence, I
deem that this case comes precisely within the
limitation of the general bill which has passed
the House-and the Senate, and which bill pro-
vides that all the soldiers of the war of 1812
who gave aid and comfort to the rebellion, or
who held office under the confederate govern-
ment, should not have the benefit of that bill.
But it does not provide that those who might
in any way, from natural feeling, have sym-
pathized with their children who were in the
rebellion should be denied the benefits of the
bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Then, if I understand the
gentleman rightly, these men did sympathize
with the rebellion.
