1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
176S
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas aud
nays were not ordered.
So (two third.s voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
HULL AND COZZENS, AND OTHERS.
Mr.. WELLS. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, that the House take from the Speaker's
table the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 680) for the relief of Hull & Coz-
Eens and John Naylor & Co.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of Hull & Cozzens,
under a contract with Mark W. Izzard, Gov-
ernor of Nebraska, dated the 28ih of Novem-
ber, 1855, and the accounts of John Naylor &
Co., under a similar contract, dated the 25th
of February, 1856, for furnishing materials
for the capitol buildings at Omaha City, in
Nebraska Territory, and to pay the said Hull
& Cozeens, and to John Naylor & Co., out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, any balance which may be found
due them on their said contracts, not to exceed
the sum of $8,500.
The amendment of the Senate was to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That in making such settlement, and
before payment, he shall besatisfied by the evidence
that their contracts have been faithfully fulfilled;
that the materials supplied by them were accepted
and used by the United States, and that the con-
tractors have not been paid the amounts due them
either by the United States or theStateof Nebraska.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope the Senate amendment will be concurred
in. This bill passed our committee.
There was no objection; and the Senate
amendment was taken up and concurred in.
Mr. WELLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOGAN H. ROOTS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee of
Claims a bill (H. R. No. 3070) for the relief
of Logan H. Roots, late collector of internal
revenue for the first 8istriet of Arkansas.
The bill. wLich was read, authorizes and
directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department, in the settlement of the
accounts of Logan H. Roots, iate collector of
internal revenue for the first district of Ark-
ansas, to allow him a credit of S3,281 21 for
a deficit on account of Hugh Mcilurray, a
deputy collector, which deficit did not occur
through any fault or negligence on the part
of Mr. Roots; and it further provides that if
any part of said deficit shall be recovered
from McMurray or his sureties it shall inure
entirely to the benefit of the United States.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I object.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Let the report
be first read.
The report was read. It states that Logan
H. Roots was collector of internal revenue for
the first district of Arkansasfrom July 1, 1867,
to June 24, 1868, previous to which the pol-
ity and civil service of the country in that
State had fallen into an embarrassed and de-
moralized condition ; that this unsettled con-
dition rendered it difficult to procure respons-
ible deputy collectors ; yet the claimant suc-
ceeded in administering bis duties with such
zeal as to be greatly to the advantage of the
revenue department; that the total assessment i
against his district for the period amounted to i
$509,827 03, all of which was finally collected, j
paid over, aud accounted for according to law, I
excepting $3,281 21; that this deficit was j
the result of the defalcation of one Hugh j
McMurray, a deputy collector, of whom an
apparently sufficient bond and security were
taken, and which hond being prosecuted in the
law courts has been avoided by some of the
defendants on the plea of noil est factum and
become unavailable by the bankruptcy of
others. In this result it does not appear that
there was fault or negligence on his part. He
seems to have done all he could, first aud last, to
protect the Government. Every legal method
has been exhausted to secure the amount due
from the deputy and his sureties without avail.
The deficit remains an amount still beyond
the means of the claimant.
Mr. SC0F1ELI). I withdraw my objec-
tion. I think the bill is all right.
The bill was received, read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was .passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion Was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 550) granting a pension
to George Menz ;
An act (H. R. No. 1342) granting a pension
to Emma M. Moore;
An act (H. R. No. 1616) granting a pension
to Mary H. Ailing ;
An act (H. R. No. 1988) granting a pension
to W. C. Pickens ;
An act (H. R. No. 1989) granting a pension
to Anna P. Hart;
An act (H. R. No. 2307) granting a pension
to Zelica T. Dunlap;
An act (H R. No. 2313) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Ravenscroft;
An act (H. R. No. 2230) granting a pension
to Benjamin H. Burnliam; and
An act (H. R. No. 2235) granting a pension
to William Powell.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, and Mr. NIB-
LACK rose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the atten-
tion of the House for a moment. He desires
to make a suggestion. One of the most un-
pleasant duties which the Chair has to per-
form at the close of the session is to discrim-
inate between gentlemeu, all of whom have
equal claims to the floor, who desire to take
bills from the Speaker's table. The Chair
makes this proposition: that instead of allow
ing gentlemen to move to suspend the rules
to go to the Speaker's table for particular j
bills, the bills on the Speaker's table be gone '
regularly through with; that those bills to
which there is no objection shall, of course,
pass unanimously ; and that when objection
is made gentlemen having the bills in charge
shall have the opportunity to move to suspend
the rules, as the particular bill is called. In
this way each gentleman would have an equal
opportunity to move to suspend the rules,
instead ofthe responsibility being thrown upon
the Chair to decide between gentlemen having
equal rights.
Mr. LOGAN. Everybody will agree to that.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
that will be the arrangement. The Chair,
however, would not take the responsibility of
effecting such an arrangement upon a suspen-
sion of the rules. He. would only do so with j
the consent of every member.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Would
that permit any bill to be taken up and passed
on a suspension of the rules'? |
The SPEAKER. It would. Of course that ;
could be done anyhow. The proposition,
however, which the Chair has made relieves
the Chair from the responsibility of deciding
between gentlemen who seek the floor to move
a suspension of the rules, and gives every gen-
tleman an equal opportunity.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
occufs to me as an objection to what is pro-
posed that we might commence the business
on the Speaker's table, and not be able to get
one quarter through with the bills on account
of motions to suspend the rules. I would pre-
fer that we should first go ihrough the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, taking up only
those bills to which there is no objection.
The SPEAKER. The force of the gentle-
man's objeciion would be obviated if it is
understood that when a gentleman moves to
suspend the rules and pass a bill he sliall be
satisfied with having the result decided by a
vieavoce vote, or by a division by tellers, with-
out occupying time by insisting on a yea and
nay vote. Of course any such understanding
would notbind the minority, or take from them
the right to claim a vea and nay vote.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Bu6
let us first run through the bills to which there
is no objection, and then apply the proposed
arrangement to ilie others.
The SPEAKER. Very well. In the first
instance, the House might rim through the
business on the table to which there is no
objection; and'afterward it can go back and
take the bills in order, every gentleman who
desires it having then the opportunity oi testing
the sense of the House on any particular bill.
If no objection is made the Chair will con-
sider that, this arrangement is agreed to, and
will begin it to-morrow—not immediately after
the reading of the Journal, because the House
is not then full, but at twelve o'clock, subject,
of course, to interruption by business-of con-
ference committees, or of the Committee ou
Appropriations.
There was no objection.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. DONLEY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the Cincinnati and Southern rail-
way bill. [See Appendix.]
Sir. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave to have printed in the Globe
some remarks on the Indian territorial bill.
[See Appendix.]
BRIDGE ACKOSS TIIE WABASH RIVER.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 469) granting the Chicago
and Illinois Railroad Company the right to
build a bridge across the Wabash river, and de-
claring the same a post road, with an amend-
ment by the Senate, and to move that the
amendment be concurred in.
There was no objection; and the bill and
amendment were taken from the Speaker's
table.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows :
Attheend ofthe joint resolution addthefollowing:
And provided further^ That a!i railway companies
desiring to use said bridge shall have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage of tho
same and in the use of the machinery and fixtures
thereof, and of all the approaches thereto, under and
upon such terms and conditions as shall be prescribed
by the district court of the United States for tho
southern district of Illinois, upon hearing the alle-
gations and proofs of the parties in case they shall
not agree.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, &c., That'the
structure herein authorized shall be built under and
subject to such regulations for the securitv <>f navi-
gation of said river as the Secretary of War shall
prescribe; ami thesaid structure shall be at ail times
so kept and managed as to offer reasonable and
proper means for the passage ot vessels through or
under said structure; and the said structure shall
be changed at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof, irom time to time, as Congress shall direct,
so as to preserve tho free and eonveuientuavigation
of said river; and the authority to erect and con-
tinue said bridge shall be subject to revocation by
law whenever the public good shall, in tho judgment
of Congress, so require.
The* amendment was concurred in.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was Concurred in ; and also moved *hat the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the title
