1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
had as good opportunities of knowing as Mr.
Washburn. He knew the number and char-
acter of the vessels under his command, the
expense likely to be incurred in moving his
ships, the dangers of the navigation, and the
heavy responsibility which would attach to him
alone if he attempted to break the blockade
of the allied Powers without their consent and
without specific instructions from his Govern-
ment. Upon this subject I mast beg to refer
the House to the explanation of Admiral Godon
1) i mself, addressed to the Secretary of the Navy,
dated January 23, 1866, and which to my mind
is conclusive. (Ex. Doc. No. 79, Fortieth
Congress, third session:)
"In the month of September, not Jon? after I
reached the station, Mr. Washburn arrived from the
United States, andatoncecallcd to ask meif I could
not send him to Paraguay on a raan-of-war. I told
him there was no vessel at that time on the station
that could be so employed, and in pleasant talk I
informed him that 1 would like, in course of time, to
go up the river myself, and if I could then do any-
thing for him I would; that I did not yet know how
matters!! stood, but would go to Montevideo and there
would learn what could be done.
"Mr. Washburn quietly settled himself down in
Rio with his family, and I sailed for St. Catharina.
Un my return to Rio I tound him stiil there.
"In social conversation Mr. Washburn's wish was
often expressed, and I sis often hoped that I might
help him forward. He finally left and went to Buenos
Ayres.
"In the mean time the Paraguayan shad evacuated
Corrientes, about eight hundred miles up the river
Parana, butstilt two hundred miles below Asuncion,
in Paraguay, and, lulling back into their own coun-
try. had planted themselves behind their forts and
the difficult pass of *La Patria/ where they now are
with thirty-five thousand troops, holding at bay the
allied Powers with fitty thousand men.
"As soon as the Paraguayans left Corrientes the
allied forces entered, and with the Brazilian navy
holding tlio river, the Brazilian admiral declares the
ports of Paraguay blockaded.
"This, however, has been a question not quite
agreed to by the French, English, and Italians, but
Ftitl somewhat respected by all. In this position of
alftas I arrived here.
"Called to Buenos Ayres by duty which I have
explained to the Department in dispatch 31 sent by
Cms mail, 1 was at once, in the usual unoiiicial man-
ner, urged by Mr. Washburn to furnish bim with a
ve.-^el of war to proceed up the river. . ;
*' I made every inquiry from our minister, Mr. Ivirk.
and alt our merchants, as to the necessity for a ves-
sel going to Paraguay to protect American interests,
< nd found that not the slightest shadow of such inter-
nes fjx.'sNs there.
'I c,\lledupon theBrazilian admiral, Baron Tam-
andaic, to ask as to the condition of the blockade.
He spoke of its importance to the allies; stated that
ti.e troops expected to be ready for a movement late
in March, at which time the water would allow his
pquadiou to move up; that the French, Italians,
and Portuguese were exceedingly anxious to have
their vosels pass (he blockadc, but that thus far
they had respected it, and he hoped I would not
make a question ot the matter.
" With no American interest whatever to serve by
passing up the river, I could see no advantage to be
gained by involving myself in a dispute with Brazil
and the Argentine and Uruguayan republics, who
look upon the United States with the utmost admi-
ration and friendship as a leading spirit in all Auier-
iu.m questions.
"I pieferred with no more convincing arguments
than Mr. Washburn had brought to bear, as to tho
success which nis efforts would meet with in secur-
ing peace, to await such developments as the great
battlewhich is expected to come off naay bring forth,
and to keep out ot troublesome questions wherein I
might possibly be found siding with the French,
Spanish, and Italians against three republics on this
side of the Atlantic.
" There are other reasons for my refusing to com-
ply with the request of Mr. Washburn which would
have some consideration with me if the major one I
have just given did not exist.
"Icould not go to Asuncion in the Wasp without
a greater supply of coal than snecarries. Aslcould
obtain this only from the Brazilian naval depot at
Corrientes, it would hardly seem gracious in me to
first disoblige theBrazilian admiral, if my goingdid
no more than that, and then request him to furnish
me with the means of continuing to do so.
"The expenditure of two hundred tons of coal at
a cost of 63.000, without other object than simply
putting Mr. Washburn in Corrientes after an absence
of a year from his post at Asuncion, might not be
appioved by the Department, and I could offer no
better reason for its consumption than the one that
Mr. Washburn and his family wished to reach C<}r-
nentes in a way which he seems to think more dig-
nified than that of going in a merchant steamer
which plies weekly to that place.
"This is the season of great heat; cholerina and
other diseases prevail, and I know I would endanger
the health of the ship's company by ascending the
river at the present time.
" Apart from all this, there is no vessel here that
could take Mr. Washburn and his family to Corri-
entes withoutputting the captain and officers to great
inconvenience anddiscomiortin such weather as has
prevailed and will continue to do so for eight weeks
to come. This, of course, would be a trifling consid-
eration if it subserved the public interest in tho
slightest degree, but when placedin juxtaposition to
simply affordingjusc these conveniences and comforts
to a person whoseems willingtorememberonly him-
self, it does have weight with me.
"It will hardly be needful, perhaps, to state that
if Mr. Washburn should reach Asuncion, he would
bo the only diplomatic agent of any kind in Para-
guay.
"Mr. Thornton, the English minister here, was
intrusted with such trifling interests as even the
English hadinParaguay, and now he has been with-
drawn. A French consul is the only foreign official
in the country.
"Should Mr. Washburn go to Asuncion, I shall
probably soonbeinformed that my services will then
be needed there for the protection of a really dis-
tressed American.
" Corrientes is but the principal town of a province
of the same name, and a part of the Argentine Repub-
lic, and if Mr. Washburn was placed there he would
be no more at his post than in Buenos Ayres."
To this communication the Secretary of the
Navy replied, in a .letter dated March 12,1866:
f4 Your No. 33, dated the 23d of January last, has
been received." * * * * " Yourcourseas
indicated in your dispatch is approved by this
Department.-"
In a further official communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, dated April 26, 1866,
that officer says:
/' This matter is recurred to for the purpose of
giving you additional assurances that your course
was none other than you were justified under the cir-
cumstances in pursuing, and giving you instructions
to afford Mr. Washburn in a certain contingency a
public conveyance; that is, one of the vessels of your
squadron, to Asuncion, which tho honor and dignity
of the United States require to be done.
"I submitted your dispatch to the Secretary of
State, who informed me that no complaint of' any
kind had been preferred against you to thatDepart-
ment by Mr. Washburn, nor has there been any dis-
position on tho part of the Secretary of State to
question any proceedings which you have heretofore
adopted."
In a dispatch dated May 18, 1866, Admiral
Godon says:
" My visit to Buenos Ayres was particularly agree-
able in so far as my intercourse with the authorities
was concerned. "While there Mr. Oetaricano, special
envoy representing the emperor of Brazil in tho
conferences of thealiied Powers, requested an inter-
view with me on the subject of the allies having
denied to Mr. Washburn a passage into Paraguay
through the military lines during active operations.
He informed me that Mr. Washburn could have
passed into Paraguay in a meichant vc^cl at any
time previous to the occupation of the 'Nes Bocas'
by the Brazilian fleet, without objection being raised
on^ the part of tho allies; but that this movement
being accomplished, the Paraguay river was effect-
ually closed, and therefore, sincc establishing this
line of blockade, they had declined to allow him to
pass.
44 While I did not question the right of blockade at
that point, nor the propriety ot declension on the part
ot the general commanding to grant the requested
passport, I suggested that the Government of the
United States might think such a refusal, perhaps,
not very friendly and amiable on the part of the allies.
Some days after Mr. Octaricano informed me that
orders had been given to allow Mr. Washburn to
proceed as soon as a battle should take placc the
result of which would make it seem clear that the
allied forces were about to advance."
As to the right of the allies to maintain this
blockade there can be no question. How far
it should have been made to apply to the case of
a minister claiming a strict neutrality between
the belligerent Powers must be determined by
the necessities of the case in connection with
the military situation. In the interview with
Mr. Octaricano there was no manifestation of
unfriendly feeling toward the United States
in their refusal to grant this privilege, but, on
the contrary, an assurance that so soon as the
impending battle had been fought Mr. Wash-
burn would be permitted to proceed to his
destination.
There may have been circumstances affecting
the safety of the minister, as well as consider-
ations of State policy, or other reasons not
apparent at the time, which might have influ-
enced the action of the allies without the exist-
ence of an unfriendly spirit toward this Gov-
ernment. In the late war of the rebellion the
privilege of communication with the confed-
erate States was occasionally conceded by
this Government, but always, it is believed,
with the permission of the military authorities,
and never as a claim of right under the law
of nations* "An innocent passage is due to
all nations with whom a State is .at peacev"
(Vattel, book II, section 128.) The passage of
a minister through the territory of a friendly
Power is one of those cases which make, ike
strongest appeal to international courtesy,' and
could only be objected to ou gpme admissible
ground of public safety 5 and hence the notifi-
cation to the allies in the letter of Mr. Seward
to Mr. Washburn of April 16, I860, that—
" The Presidents surprised to learn that you have
been hindered and delayed in the militaryiines of
the allies on your return to Asuncion. That delay
is inconvenient, and is deemed not altogether cour-
teous. The President desires to regard it as a not
unfriendly proceeding."
So soon as Admiral Godon felt justified to
proceed, under his instructions, to place Mr.
Washburn at his destination, he issued orders
to Commander Crosby to forward him and his
family in the Shamokin, under his command,
to Paraguay, and land him at Asuncion. A
correspondence having ensued with Mr. Wash-
burn, Mr. Welles writes to Admiral Godon,
November 16, 1866, informing him that the
correspondence had been submitted to the
Secretary of State, and adds :
" This Department approves of your course, and
the Secretary of State says your letter seems to be
judicious and proper in ail respects."
In reply to a request from Admiral Godon,
that he should be pleased to learn if his entire
course meets with the approval of the Depart-
ment, I refer to the letters of Mr. Welles and
Mr. Seward:
N"avy Department,
Washington, December 26,1866.
Sir: Tho Secretary of State has submitted to me
for my information acopy of a correspondence which
has lately taken place between Mr. Washburn and
the Department of State on the subject of our posi-
tion with regard to tho war between the allied Pow-
ers and Paraguay.
Your course in regard to Mr. Washburn meets the
approbation of this Department, and your instruc-
tions to Commander Crosby, not to receive and trans-
port on the Shamokin President Lopez or any other
Paraguayan, were correct,
> I inclose a copy of the dispatch, dated the 15th
instant, from the Secretary of State to Mr. Wash-
burn.
Very respectfully, . * a. WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, Commanding South Atlan-
tic Squadron, liio de Janeiro.
Mr. Seioctrd to Mr. Washburn.
Department op State.
Washington, D. C., December 15,1866.
Sir: Your dispatch of the 22d of October, No. 74,
has been received. Your determination to proceed
to Asuncion in tho manner therein mentioned is
approved. The President sanctions the direction
which was given by Admiral Godon to Commander
Crosby of the Shamokin, not to convey or take on
board any Paraguayan on his voyage to or from Asun-
cion. This Government owes it to the belligerents,
as well as to its own dignity, to abstain from every-
thing which could be, or could even appear to be," a
departure fiom neutrality in the unhappy contest
which is going on between Paraguay and her allied
enemies. You will be expectcd to conform your pro-
ceedings rigidly to the principle of non-interferenco.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Charles A. Wasiiburn, esq., &c., Asunoion.
Mr. Welles to Rear Admiral (rodon.
Navy Dkpartment.
Washington, February 1.1867.
Sir: Your No. 132, dated the 10th of December
last, with its several inclosures, has been received.
The Department congratulates you on being finally
relieved of the long, annoying trouble attending the
passage of Mr. Washburn to his destination. Your
proceedings, views, and course, pursued under cir-
cumstances trying in many respects, are approved
throughout, and have been creditable to you and tho
service. Your dispatches have been submitted to the
Secretary ot State, to whom Mr. Washburn has fre-
quently appealed, and that gentleman has sent to
the Department an approving and complimentary
letter, acopy of which is herewith transmitted.
Very respecttully, G. WELLES,
Secretary of the Nuvy.
Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, Commanding Soutk Atlan-
tic SQttadi on, liio de Janeiro.
Mr. Seioard to Mr. Welles.
Department op State. -
Washington, January 28,1870.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter ot'the 25th instant, accompanied by
dispatch No. 132, of the 10th of December last, from
Itear Admiral S. W. Godon, commanding the South
Atlantic squadron, upon the subject of the convey-
ance of Mr. Washburn, minister to Paraguayan the
United States steamer Shamokifl.
