1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1766
necessary to its support. It makes no new
Sand grant, but- enables the grant heretofore
made to be made available.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. AXTELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
district court in arkansas.
Mr. KERR. I ask the House to take from
the Speaker's table Senate amendments to the
bill (H. 11. No. 1582) authorizing terms of
United States district court to be held at
Helena, Arkansas, and for other purposes.
The amendments of the Senate have the
approval of the Judiciary Committee of this
House, and I desire to move that the House
concur in those amendments with an amend-
ment, which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate will be read, together with the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr.]
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 1, in line two, strike out the words " east-
ern and western."
On page 1, in line three and four, striko out the
words "seat of government of " and insert "Van
Buren, in."
On page 2, in lino twelve, after the word held
insert "at Helena."
At the end of the bill add the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the coun-
ties ot Phillips, Crittenden. Mississippi. Craighead,
Greene, Randolph. Lawrence, Sharp, Poinsett, Cross,
St. Francis, Monroe, Woodruff, Jackson, Independ-
ence, Izz^d, Marion, Pulton, and Boone, in said
State, shall hereafter be deemed and be a part
of the western district of Arkansas; andthere shall
be appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a district judge for the western district aforesaid,
who shall from and after the time of his appoint-
ment hold the terms of court at the times and places
required by law. Said district judge shall be paid
the same salary and in the same manner as the judge
ot the eastern district of said State; and the terms
of court now required to be held at Van Bnren shall
hereafter be held at Fort Smith ill said district.
Sec. 6. And beit further enacted, That so much of
an act entitled "An act to divide the district of
Arkansas into two judicial districts. " approved
March 3,1851, as gives the judge of the district'of
Arkansas jurisdiction over the western district of
soid State, and all laws inconsistent herewith, are
repealed.
The amendment offered by Mr. Kerr was
read as follows:
Amend section one of the Senate amendment by
adding "and the present district judge of the said
State shall be and remain the district judge of the
United States for the eastern district thereof, as if
originally appointed thereto.
Mr. KERR. I ask the previous question. _
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my colleague will
listen to an inquiry. I wish to know whether
this bill authorizes an additional judge in the
State of Arkansas.
Mr. KERR. There are already two judicial
districts in Arkansas. The effect of this bill
will be to authorize an additional judge, but
no other additional officers. The Judiciary
Committee of this House, as well as of the
Senate, approve of the bill in this form ; and
I hope it will be passed without any further
objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the bill will
not pass. The extraordinary increase of judi-
cial offices is a matter which is attracting atten
tion all over the country. Certainly an addi-
tional judge is not required in Arkansas. I
move to lay the bill on the table.
On the motion of Mr. Holman, there were—
ayes 21, noes 04; no quorum voting.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, unless other-
wise advised, will construe the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van Wxcr,]
as a motion for a recess.
Mr. VAN WYCK. That is what I intended.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move then, that, thoHouse
adjourn. I desire to say a single word. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur]
is now upon the floor to report an important
bill.
Mr. ROOTS. I hope the House will not
adjourn while this bill, which is important to
our State, is pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mer-
Cur] is on the floor to report the apportion-
ment bill.
Mr. ALLISON. That is an important bill ;
and if we are to have a session to-night, let
us have a session for its consideration, and
not for general debate in which nobody is
interested.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires only
that members shall voteunderstandingly. The
motion for a recess is not of so high privilege
as the motion to adjourn. The Chair thought
that members would wish to be reminded of
the understanding which has been had with
reference to an evening session.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Was not the order for a
recess adopted unanimously some time since?
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was
given that there should be a session at half
past seven this evening.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. For debate only.
The SPEAKER. Precisely; but still it is
within the power of the House, by a majority
vote, to adjourn, as has been frequently done
during the service of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hotchkiss.] The Chair therefore
submits the motion to.adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes67, noes 53.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Lest there, should be a
misapprehension, the Chair will state that,
under the unanimous consent already given,
the evening session, if held, could not be for
any other purpose than debate. It would not
be competent for the House, after taking the
recess, to proceed this evening to the transac-
tion of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The House
could rescind the order it has made.
The SPEAKER. It could ; but there is no
proposition to that effect. The rescinding
order, if adopted, would have to be adopted
before the recess.
Mr. ALLISON. I propose to move a sus-
pension of the rules, so as to have a session
this evening for business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a parliamentary
question. If the House now rotes to adjourn
will the bill which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has risen to call up be the first thing
in-order in the morning after the reading of
the Journal ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not yet'reported the bill, although
he has had the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. He has had the floor for more
than half an hour; but, instead of reporting
the bill, he has yielded to everybody else.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the Speaker
whether the House, having given unanimous
consent for a meeting to-night for debate, that
can be dispensed with by a motion to suspend
the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the private
opinion that what was done by unanimous con-
tent ought to require unanimous consent before
being undone; but, nevertheless, under the
rules the motion to adjourn takes precedence.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LOGAN called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to ; and then (at
five o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented
underthe rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees : .
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition numerously
signed by citizens of Pulaski county, Ken-
tucky, praying the passage of a law authorizing
the construction of the Cincinnati Southern
railroad.
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Captain
William M. Johnston and 80 others, Union
soldiers of Stark county, Ohio, praying for the
passage of Senate bill No. 1155, entitled "A
bill to enable honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors, their widows and orphan children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lands in
the United States,1' with an amendment strik-
ing out the last proviso of section one of said
bill.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of T. A.
J. Hawkins, a citizen of White Pond, Barbour
county, Alabama, asking the removal of his
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: Two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, against the whole-
sale shipment of coolie labor into the United
States.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of Hugh
Buchanan, of Georgia, for the removal of legal
and political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 28, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. £>.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the cre-
dentials of John A. Logan, chosen by the
Legislature of the State of Illinois a Senator
from that State for the term commencing March
4, 1871; which were read and ordered to be
placed on file.
Mr. TIPTON presented the credentials of
Phineas W. Hitchcock, chosen by the Legis-
lature of the State of Nebraska a Senator from
that State for the term commencing March 4,
1871; which were read and ordered to be
placed on file.
territorial laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT, laid before the
Senate laws and resolutions passed by the
sixth Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Idaho, commencing on the 5th day of Decem-
ber. 1870, and ending on the 13lh day of Jan-
uary, 1871, at Boise City; which were referred
to the Committee on Territories.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of Treasury, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 12th of January last, the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue upon the subject of the direct tp,x levied
by the act of August 5,1861, and the payments
thereof by certain States and Territories; and
a letter of the Second Comptroller, showing
what States have filed counter claims which,
if allowed, will operate as a partial payment
of the balances due from such States; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a. report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December 14, 1870, additional papers in rela-
tion to the alleged traffic with rebels in Texas
by William Sprague and others; which was
referred to the sele".t committee to investigate
alleged traffic with rebels in Texas, and ordered
to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr HAMLIN presented a memorial of
women of the United States, remonstrating
against female suffrage; which was ordered to
lie on the table. . ,
Mr TIPTON. I present a memorial and
joint 'resolution of the Lngislatuie of the State
of Nebraska for aid to the Omaha and North-
