328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
In compliance with your request for an expression
of my views in regard to the course of Rear Admiral
Godon oh the occasion referred to, I have the honor
to state that, after a careful perusal of his dispatch
and the apeompanj ing papers* it seems to mo that
he executed th.e peculiarly delicate duty confided to
him with firmness, prudence, and courtesy. The
admiral's dispatch is herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there is any officer
holding official-relations with the Government,
at the present or any former period of our his-
tory, who has discharged his duties with more
skill, judgment, and fidelity, I am at a loss to
know where you would find him. Sure I am
that no more perfect record is to be found in
the Navy Department since its origin. It may
not be altogether complimentary to Mr. Wash-
bum, afterthe bitterness of feeling which he has
manifested toward this officer, and the grave
charges which he has preferred against him;
but it is simple justice which this House and
the country are bound to accord to him. .
Admiral Godon, it may be proper to say,
had lost all confidence in Mr. Washburn, and
felt the necessity of acting independently and
upon his own responsibility, which he had a
right to do, and which it was important to the
Government he should do. In his letter dated
harbor of Bio de Janeiro, October 4, 1866,
Admiral Godon says:
"Mr. Washburn must have hadin his possessionon
the 1st of October General Webb's letter officially
informing him of the removal of all obstructions to
his passing the allied lines, yet for more than a
month he has failed to acknowledge the receipt of it,
although three regular mails have arrived during
that time from the river; andhe states without hes-
itation in his letter to me that *no proceedings to
cause such hinderance to cease have yet been made
by the allies,' forgetting that in the paragraph just
preceding that statement he gives me an extract
from his instructions, which require him in that
event to return home.
" The reasons for this silence in regard to General
Webb's letter are clear. If he acknowledged in any
form to the general or to in© that he had received a
letter acquainting him with the removal of the hin-
derance to his passing the military lines, then he
could at once go through those lines, and was not to
call upon me for a vessel. This ho clcarly sees, but
seeing, will not act upon. If, however, he believed
the hinderance still continued to his proceeding
through the Hues by any action of the allies, then he
must return home. This he will not see, although
he informs me of it in his letter.
"lie tells me that he is to act concurrently "with
General Webb, but seeks no concurrence, for he
ignores the general entirely, not even acknowledg-
ing his official note informing him that his passage
to bis post is unobstructed.
*'It would probably be a painful tafk for the De-
partment to follow me through the various windings
of his letter, and I will refer to but one more passage,
to the effect that I said * in that case we will have to
send you in ono of the Government vessels.'
"At that time it was my desire and intention to send
Mr. Washburn to Asuncion in one of the vefsels of
tho squadron, but finding when 1 reached Buenos
Ayrcs that we had no interests in Paraguay, and
learning from Mr. Washburn that he considered it
would be a great object to have a vessel of the Navy
at Asuncion to assist Lopez in escaping when the
allies pressed him too hard, I not only changed my
mind in regard to sending him to that place, but the
proposition caused in me a want of confidence in his
judgment or prudence.
'I think the Department will not find anything in
Mr. Washburn's letter ot the 1st of Octobcrlo increase
that confidence. Indeed, his application to me to
take him to Asuncion, with his last orders in his
hands and the terms of the request, that' under any
and every contingency, with or without safeguard,
or with or without the consent of the Powers allied
against larag,uayt' s.eems to declare not only his
want of judgment .and prudence, but a bold and
defiant determination to disobey the orders of his
superior to return at once to the United States if the
hinderance before alluded to shall not have ceased."
It is thus seen that Admiral Godon did notfeel
that he could place himself under the control
of Mr. Washburn without incurring a responsi-
bility which, under his instructions, he was not
willing to take. Throughout this correspond-
ence there was no desire manifested by the
admiral to do anything to incur the displeasure
of Mr. Washburn, or to throw unnecessary
obstacles in the way of his mission. His lan-
guage was always proper and respectful in his
communication with Mr. Washburn. It has
been charged that Admiral Godon underrated
the diplomatic arra of the service and evinced
an unbecoming jealousy in maintaining his
independent position, and an attempt has been
made to show that in certain unguarded con-
versations he did not hesitate to express freely
his want of confidence in Mr. Washburn and
the diplomatic corps in language both intem-
perate and unbecoming.
The testimony of Captain Crosby upon this
point is much to be regretted, on his own ac-
count. The feeling which would induce an
officer to detail the unguarded expressions
which fell from Admiral Godon at a private
dinner-table, or elsewhere, in the confidence
of familiar intercourse, would be very apt to
give a false coloring to anything he might say.
Whether Admiral Godon really made use of
the language which was attributed to him is a
matter, however, of very little moment in the
judgment we are called upon to pronounce
upon his public and official record. We have
nothing to do with his private conversation.
His estimate of the low standard to which our
diplomatic service has fallen, controlled as it
is by political influence solely, is, alas! too true,
as a matter of fact and history, and too gen-
erally concurred in by the whole country, to
make him the object of censure and reproach
for having uttered the opinion which he did.
Surely this committee would not undertake to
convict him upon a charge of simply telling the
truth.
Surgeon Duvall, another of these officers,
has proved himself alike reprehensible, in his
attempt to disparage Admiral Davis, against
whom he had a personal grudge; but his well-
established character in the Navy was too well
understood and his fondness for gabbling and
petty mischief-making too apparent in this
testimony to require any further notice of him.
Admiral Godon has been also censured for
assuming to judge of American interests in
Paraguay, and whether or not they required
the presence of a minister at that place. He
refers to it, as I understand the testimony, as
one of the many reasons in justification of the
delay only which attended his movements in
forwarding Mr. Washburn to his destination.
He did not claim the right, whether it was
proper or not that Mr. Washburn should go
there at a convenient time. It was a question
of policy with him, of time and convenience
merely, where the public interests could not
suffer by a little delay, and was only referred
to in connection with the many embarrass-
ments under which he labored. So far as the
fact was concerned, however, the prompt re-
call of General McMahon by the Secretary of
State, Mr; Washburn, during his brief term of
service, shows that that officer did not believe
that theie were any interests in Paraguay worth
protecting, and fully sustains the judgment of
Admiral Godon in this particular.
That Admiral Godon was quick and impul-
sive in his temper, and may have felt irritated
by the course which Mr. Washburn was pur-
suing, I am not here to deny. As a member
of this committee I have to deal only with his
official record. How far he should be held
responsible for expressions which may have
fallen from him in the freedom of social inter-
course, from which few men are exempt, it is
for this House to determine. Such manifest-
ations of feeling, whether justified or not, are
always to be regretted, and it is no part of
my purpose to attempt to excuse or palliate
the shortcomings of Admiral Godon in this
particular.
Having shown in the facts to which I have
called the attention of the House the many
embarrassments which attended the passage
of Mr. Washburn to his official residence at
Asuncion, I will now refer as briefly as I can
to the complications with which he soon found
himself'surrounded, and the efforts of the Navy
to rescue Bliss and Masterman from the hands
of Lopez.
Hear Admiral C. H. Davis held the com-
mand of the South Atlantic squadron during
the years 18G7,1868, and 1889, as the successor
of Admiral Godou. His character as au officer
is too well known to require any particular
reference in this place. He had been con-
nected with the naval service for more than
forty-five years. Vice Admiral Porter in his
testimony (page 297, record) says :
41 He is a very fine officer. He has commanded one
of our largest squadrons, that of Brazil, lie com-
manded very handsomely during the war on the
Mississippi, and was promoted to the grade of rear
admiral for his gallantry daring the war. He is a
man of education and scientific attainments, and
professionally I expect he is up to any officer iu the
Navy."
The Admiral further states that on his re-
turn homo, having given much attention to the
subject of a ship-canal across the Isthmus of
Darien, he was put on duty to get the inform-
ation the Government wanted, and it is on the
information of Admiral Davis that the Depart-
ment is now acting, showing the confidence
the Department has in him as an experienced
officer and a man if intelligence.
On December S, 1868, in front of Angostura,
Rear Admiral Davis addressed the following
letter to President Lopez:
"Sir: I have the honor to inform your excellency
that I have arrived in front of Angostura, having on
board General M. S. McMahon, the minister of the
United States to the republic of Paraguay.
"As an indispensable preliminary step to the pre-
sentation by General McMahon of his credential let-
ters, I have to request that Bliss and Masterman, the
persons arrested and detained in Asuncion -while
under the protection and attached to the legation of
the United States minister, berestored to theauthor-
ity of the United States flag.
*' Knowing that before the occurrence of this arrest
and detention it was the earnest desire of the (jor-
ernment of the United States to continue under the
existing circumstances its friendly relations wi'h
the republic of Paraguay, a desire sufficiently m;iin-
fested by the prompt appointment of General McMa-
hon, it is my hope that your excellency will hasten
to remove the only obstacle which stands in the way
of these relations."
This letter was answered promptly by Mar-
shal Lopez, through Captain Kirkland, with a
request that he would confer with him in per-
son. The interview accordingly took place as
requested. Bear Admiral Davis states that—
"He [Lopez] proceeded to coment on my letter, to
which he objected on the following grounds: first,
that it treated Messrs. Bliss and Masterman as part
and parcel of the legation at the time of their arrest,
and this he had already denied in a communication
to the Government at Washington, and that was an
important point in the case, which he intended to
dispute: he objected to the letter because a part of
it had an air of menace, and lastly, he said, touching
lightly upon his official position, that if I insisted on
his retaining the letter his desire to settle the qi; es-
tion with myself in person, and promptly, would he
defeated; that he would be obliged to transier tho
correspondence to his minister of foreign affair; at
Luque, which would unavoidably and greatly delay
toe progress of the affair.
"The discussion ot these several points occupied
the larger part of the time. Iliroughout the in-
terview the manners of the President were eon.-il-
iatory, courteous, and frank, while he continuet to
declare from time to time his intention to accedo to
my request for the persons in Question.
" I finally assented to his wisiies and withdrew lha
letter marked X.
'"i'he next day I commenced a correspondence,
copies of which are herewith inclosed, marked £, 0,
D, E, and i'."
(B.)
Hear Admiral Davin io President Lopez.
United States Flagship Wasp,
In front of Asqostckj .
Paraguay, December 4,1808.
Sir: I have the honor to apprise your oxcellei ey
of my arrival in front of tho batteries of Angostura.
My object m placing myself in personal intercom se
with your excellency is to request that Messrs. Buss
and Masterman, the individuals arrested and de-
tained m Asuncion on the 10th day of September
last, may be delivered into my keeping, subiect to
the order of the Government of the United States.
It does not belong to me to define or even to con-
sider tho status of these individuals.
But on this subject your excellency will, I do not
doubt, repose confidence in the justice and friend-
ship in the United States, which has afforded your
excellency many recent proofs of its respect and
sympathy.
•4u y°}1,rexcellency may bopleased tosend
with these individuals will be transmitted to Wash-
ington by the earliest opportunity.
I have tho honor to be, with the highest respect,
your excellency's most obedient servant,
„ < , . , ,. c. H. BAVIS,
Aear Admiral, commanding the Naval I' orcea
°f the United States in the tiouih Atlantic.
His Excellency Marshal Don Francisco Solano
Lopez, President of the Mepubfac of Jfwraauay,
