1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
western Railroad Company. The memorial
reads as follows :
Your memoralists, the Legislature of the State
of Nebraska, respectfully pniy your honorable body
to make a grant of land to the Omaha and North-
western Riilroad Company, to resist and aid said
company in extending the said road now being con-
structed by said company, commencing at the city
of Omaha and running m a northwestern direction
thereirom.
liesolvedi That the secretary of State be, and is
hereby, directed to transmit without delay a certified
copy of this memorial and joint resolution to each
of our Senators and to our Representatives in Con-
gress.
I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCEIi presented the petitions of
G. W. Benson, ofCoosa county, Alabama, and
of McDuffie Mann, of Conecuh county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of their political
disabiliiies ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, soldiers in the late war,
praying to be allowed homesteads on the pub-
lic domain without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
KKPOItTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee 011 Pensions to report adversely,
for reasons that ihe committee have minuted
on the backs of the filings, which reasons I
will not take the time of ihe Senate in stating,
the following House bills:
The bill (H. R. No. 2316) granting a pen-
sion to James H Knotts;
The bill (H. !!. No. 2320) granting a pen-
sion to Mary Ann Litchfield ;
The bill (H. II. No. 2314) granting a pen-
sion to Catherine '1\ Alexander;
The bill (H. II. No. 2232) for the relief of
Prank M. Lang and his children ;
The bill (H. 11. No. 2227) granting a pen-
sion to John Nolan ; and
The bill (H. II. No. 1905) granting a pen-
sion to Lizzie A. Mower.
The bills were postponed indefinitely.
Mr. COLE. ] ask ihe Senate to take up the
fortification appropriation bill, and when it is
taken up I will then give way for morning
business.
Mr. SPENCER. I have reports to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent to call up
the fortification appropriation bill at this time.
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the morning busi-
ness first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reportsof com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. SPENCEII, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1344) granting a pension to Delilah
Robertson, of Macon, Missouri, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1992) grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Margaret A. Hyde, widow
of Ilenry M. Ilvde, late an assistant paymaster
United States Navy, reported adversely there-
on, and moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary J. Cunning-
ham, praying for a pension, submitted an i
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered i
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred Ihe bill (H. Ii.
No. 1G92) for the relief of Mary Petrie, widow
of George C. Petrie, late a private seven-
teenth Michigan infantry volunteers, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. J report back, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, the bill (S.
No. 1296) to settle the title of Yerba Buena,
or Goat Island, in the bay of San Francisco,
California, without recommendation, the com-
mittee not having time to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 895) requiring the publication of unclaimed
dividends and deposits; the bill (S. No. 991) to
regulate the issue and sale of bonds author-
ized by the United States, and for other pur-
poses; the joint resolution (S. R. No. 95) as to
the redemption of United States notes; and
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 147) to provide
for the redemption of the legal-tender notes
of the United States, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid consumption of
time now, and a good deal of journalizing, I
will state that I shall not report back the vari-
ous bills, petitions and memorials before the
Committee on Finance on which we do not
wish action, but will let them die in committee
with the expiration of the session.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
memorial of colored citizens of the District of
Columbia, remonstrating against an appropria-
tion for the "Industrial Home School" and
" Woman's Christian Association," of the Dis-
trict, unless women and children are admitted
into those institutions without regard to color,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That tho bill (S. No. 914) for the relief of
Sebastian Keichert bo recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
EMMA M. MOORE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1342) granting a pension to Emma M.
Moore, have instructed me to report it back
and recommend its passage. There is a full
report from the House committee in its favor,
and it has already passed the Senate once or
twice. As we are very near the end of the
session, and this is a needy widow, I ask that
the bill be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
1342) granting a pension to Emma M. Moore
was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the pension hereto-
fore granted by the Department of the Inte-
rior to Mrs. Emma M. Cox, widow of Lieuten-
ant John W. Cox, late of the United States
Navy, and which was discontinued in conse-
quence of the marriage of Emma M. Cox with
Edwin W. Moore, be at the rate of twenty five
dollars per month, to Mrs. Emma M. Moore,
to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ANTHONY D. HAVELY.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I also report back from
the same committee, and ask to pnt on its
passage now, the bill (H. R. No. 2304) grant-
ing a pension Anthony D. Havely. This bill
is reported with an amendment.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for placing 011 the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Anthony D. Havely, who
served in company IT, thirty-first regiment
Massachusetts volunteers, under the assumed
name of William Cole, to be paid a pension
from the 6th day of June, 1866, during his
natural life, at the rate of fifteen dollars a
month.
The amendment of the Committee on Pen-
sions was to strike out, the words "from the
6th day of June, 1866, during his natural
life, at the rate of fifteen dollars a month,"
and insert in lieu thereof " from and after tho
passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and ]
ELLIS II. IIAINES.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Ellis H. Haines, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion, have directed me to report a bill for hia
relief, and 1 ask for its consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1371)
granting a pension to Ellis H. Haines was
read three times, and passed. It is a direction
to the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the limitations and
provisions of the pension laws, the name of
Ellis H. Haines, late a scoot of the second
cavalry division United States Array, depart-
ment of West Virginia, and to pay him a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month.
AT. C. PICKKNS.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Pet?-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1988). granting a pension to W. C. Pick-
ens, have instructed me'to report it back with-
out amendment, and to ask for its passage at
this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
198&) granting a pension to W. C. Pickens
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of W. C. Pickens, of Blount
county, Tennessee, who was disabled by a
gunshot wound received while in the secret
service of the United States, on *tbe night of
the 7th of November, 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ANNA P. HAKT,
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1989) granting a pension to Anna F. Hart,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and to ask its passage at this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
1989) granting a pension to Anna P. Hart was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Anna F. Hart, minor child of Byron
Hart, deceased, who was an acting assistant
surgeon in the Army of the United States, and
to pay her legally appointed guardian the sura
of twenty dollars per month, to commence
from and after the passage of the act, and to
continue until she attains the age of sixteen
years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM POWELL.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2235) granting a pension to William Powell,
have had the same under consideration, and
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment; and I ask that it be put upon its pas-
sage.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill ; which directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of William Powell,
of Shelby county, Missouri, father of Andrew
Powell, late a private in company G, eleventh
Missomi cavalry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
