1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
BURPEE AND PECK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior inclosing the accounts of Messrs.
Durfee & Peck for rent of agency buildings
at Fort Berthold, amounting to $3,500; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PONOA INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to an appropriation of
• $1,438 85 for supplies and transportation fur-
nished the Ponca Indians; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
POST ROUTE NO. S162.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, in answer to a resolution of the House
of February 1, 1871, in relation to the amouut
of service performed on route No. G4G2, from
Baltimore, Maryland, to New Orleans, Louisi-
ana ; which was ordered to be printed, arid
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
MONROE HARBOR, MICHIGAN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting to the House the report of the
chief of engineers upon the further improve-
ment of the harbor of Monroe, Michigan; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
DUliFEE AND PECK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to the account of Messrs.
Durfee & Peck for supplies furnished certain
Indians during the winter of 1869; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
HARBOR OF MARCOS HOOK, PENNSYLVANIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 24, 1871, in relation to the
further improvement of the harbor of Marcus
Hook, Pennsylvania; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
INTERNAL REVENUE, VIRGINIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the House
of^ January 9, 1871, in relation to money re-
ceived by internal revenue officers in Vir-
ginia since April 1, 18G9 ; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
CASE OS TATfilCK WOODS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Attorney General in relation to the
account of the district attorney of Virginia
for services in the case of an attachment
against the United States marshal in the case
of a habeas corpus issued by the circuit court
of Richmond, Virginia, in behalf of Patrick
Woods; which was referred to the Committee
on Accounts, and ordered to be printed.
VIOLATION OK REVENUE LAWS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Attorney General, in answer to a res-
olution of the House of January 9, 1871, in
relation to persons arrested in Virginia for
violation of the internal revenue laws ; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
KKPORT 06- INDIAN COMMISSIONERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following messhge from the President of the
United State's; which was referred to the
Committee oil Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed:
To the-Senate and House of Representatives :
I submit herewith for the information of Congress
the second annual report of the board of Indian
commissioners to the Secretary of the Interior.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, February 10,1871.
REMOVAL 01? INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith an extract of a paper ad-
dressed to the President, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, by the
committee of Friends on Indian affairs having
charge of the northern superintendency, in relation
to a desire of certain Indian tribos to sell a portion
of the lands owned by them, with a view of locating
on other lands that they may be abte to purchase,
together with a report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs thereon, and a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior Department, approving the report of the
Commissioner. I submit the draft of a bill whieli
has been prepared, and which it is believed will
effect the object desired by the committee, and re-
quest the consideration thereof by Congress.
0. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, February 8,1871.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. KNAPP obtained leave of absence for
one week from to day.
Mr. ARNELL obtained leave of absence for
ten days, beginning with the 13th instant.
Mr. HEFLIN obtained leave of absence for
ten days, on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, ob-
tained leave of absence for four days.
Mr. WINANS obtained leave of absence for
ten days, on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. SWEENEY obtained indefinite leave
of absence.
Mr. VAN TRUMP obtained leave of absence
for to-day.
Mr. DIXON, of North Carolina, obtained
leave of absence until next Wednesday.
Mr. MILNES obtained leave of absence for
eight days.
Mr. SHELDON, of.Nevv York, obtained an
indefinite leave of absence, on account of an
engagement in taking testimony as a member'
of a sub-committee.
Mr. AMBLER obtained leave of absence
until the 15th instant.
L13AVE to PilliSrT
Mr. PROSSER obtained leave to publish in
the Globe remarks upon the bill to establish a
system of national education. [See Appendix.]
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. PROSSER obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House papers in relation
to the claim of William L. Nance.
Mr. GRISWOLD obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House papers in the
case of Peleg Cornell.
Mr. TAFFE obtained leave to withdraw from
the^ files of the House papers relative to the
claim of S. E. Ward, asking compensation for
loss of property destroyed by Indians.
Mr. BENJAMIN obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House papers in support
of the application of AdaH. McDonald, widow
of Charles McDonald, for a pension.
TREATIES WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following joint resolution (H.
R. No. 502) to restrain the making of treaties
with Indian tribes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed:
Reiolvd, &e., That hereafter no India.n nation or
tribe within the territory of the United States shall
be acknowledged or recognized as an independent
nation, tribe, or power, with whom the United States
may contract by treaty; and all treaties or agree-
ments hereafter made by and between tliem, or any
of them, and the United States shall bo subiect to
the approval of Congress: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall he construed to invalidate
or impair the obligation of any treaty heretofore
lawfully made and ratified with any such Indian
nation or tribe.
PROTECTION OS PASSENGERS.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I am instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to report a
substitute for Senate bill No. 710, to provide
for the better security of life on board of ves-
sels propelled iu whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes. By unanimous con-
sent, I wish to say a word. During the last
session I was instructed to report that bill, and
I have received communications from almost
every part of the United States asking me to
report it. I ask that it may be considered next
Wednesday at two o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing to consider
it now.
The SPEAKER. There are special orders
for Wednesday next, day and evening.
Mr. CONGER. I will say Thursday next,
to the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to special orders
to the exclusion of all other orders until the
appropriation bills have been disposed of.
The SPEAKER, Unless they are made to
the exclusion of other orders they will not bo
reached this session ; there are so many special
orders upon the Calendar.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to make a personal
explanation. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say to
the House and the country, in answer to hun-
dreds of communications which I have received
concerning this bill, as to why it has not been
reported, that I have attempted at the last and
at this session to get the consent of the House
to report it from a committee not privileged
to_ report at any time, and that I have hitherto
failed to get the consent of the House. I think
it is due to myself I should make this statement.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
there will be no objection to making the bill
a special order. It is of national importance.
Mr. DICKEY. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hopethatbiil
will have a chance.
There being no objection, Mr. Congeii's bill
was made the special order for Thursday next
at two o'clock p. m., to the exclusion of all
other orders.
REPEAL OF INCOME TAX.
jMr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I give
notice that on Wednesday next, a for the
reading of the Journal. I shall move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to take up the bill repealing the
income tax.
LAND LAWS IN ALASKA.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the regular order.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order to
be House bill No. 1G~>7, for extending the land
laws of the United States over the territory
of Alaska.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that the bill be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it oilrtcd bv the Senate and Ilovse of Eeprcient-
atives of the United States of America in ('on'/rcst
assembled, That the laws relating to the survey and
disposal of the public lands, including the preemn-
tion and homestead laws, are hereby extended iiul
made applicable to the territory la.lely ceded to Hie
United btates by the emperor of Russia, under ti> >
conditions, restrictions, and limitations mentioned
in the several acts so extended.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
territory is hereby attached to and made part oi th e
surveying district of Washington Territory, and the
surveyor general of said last-named district shall
under the direction of the Secretary ot the Interior
have the same powers and duties in respect to said
territory ceded by Russia as hp nor,- has bv law m
respect to the territory of Washington; that the
public lands wuhin the same shall constitute a new
land dntrict, to be called the Alaska district; and
the 1 resident ot the United States, whenever tile
public service saall require it, is hereby authorized
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the .^onnte, a register and receiver of public money
lor said distnet, who shall reside and hold their
olhce at such place as may bo designated by the
Seeretaiy oi the Interior.
S>.o. 3. Awl be it further enacted. That the sur-
veyor general of Washington Territory, under tlio
direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and according to instructions of the Secretary
