1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1761
amendment,, ordered to a third reading,
the third time, and passed.
GHOltGE MENZ.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 550) granting
a pension to George Menz, have directed me
to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage; and I ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of George Menz,
late a sergeant of company A, first battalion
United States Reserve corps.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MAR! H. ALLING.
Mr. PRATT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1616) granting a pension to
Mary H. Ailing, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage; and
I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary H.
Ailing, of New Haven county, Connecticut,
widow of Lewis H. Aliing, who was a con-
tract surgeon in the service of the United
States, and to pay her a pension during her
widowhood, at the rate of seventeen dollars
per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH RAVBNSCROFT.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana is still upon the floor.
Mr. PRATT. I have only three more
reports to make.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Commit-
tee on Pensions to divide the time with some
of the rest of us. They are taking up all the
morning hour.
Mr. PRATT. These three are all I have
got to report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Minnesota objects these bills will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall not object, of course ;
but I appeal to this committee to allow the
rest of lis a chance during the morning hour.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2313) granting a pension to Elizabeth Ravens-
croft, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Elizabeth Ravenscrott,
widow of John Ravenscroft, late a second
master in Mississippi marine brigade, and to
pay her a pension during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
benjamin ]f. burnham.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. ft. No. 2230) grant-
ing a pension to Benjamin F. Burnham, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage; and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Benjamin P.
Burnham, late a second lieutenant in company
I, eighty-fourth regiment United States colored
volunteers, and to pay him a pension at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
zelica t. dunlap.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2307) granting
a pension to Zeliea T. Dunlap, have directed
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage; and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Zelica Dun-
lap, widow of James E. Dunlap, late lieutenant
colonel twenty-ninth regiment Illinois volun-
teers, at the rate of thirty dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
agricultural college funds.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to appeal to the
Senate to allow me to call up House bill No.
2417. It is a bill in which the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Brownlow.] who is notable
to attend to the matter, feels a very great inter-
est. It is a House bill, and I have been urged
by various persons to have jt called up and
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
morning business, the Senator from Oregon
asks the unanimous consent of the Senate to
call up for consideration the bill (H. R. No.
2417) for the better security of agricultural
college funds. Is there objection to proceed-
ing to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. FOWLER. I certainly object.
The.VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
cruelty to animals on railroabs.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 2018.
Mr. NYE. What is it about?
Mr. CONKLING. It is a bill which pro-
hibits the bruising of animals or starving them,
with the double purpose of preventing cruelty
to animals and preventing the furnishing of
diseased food to those who buy these cattle.
This is a bill which has been passed in the
House of Representatives, and from which
everything has been taken, I believe, to which
any interest objects. Mr. Bergh, the president
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, wanted a bill more stringent than
this; but he has agreed to this as conforming
to the views of everybody. It was taken up
the other morning, but went over upon an ob-
jection made by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Casserly,] who afterward withdrew his
objection; and now I ask the Senate to bestow
one moment upon it. It cannot lead to much
debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
reports to be made and the morning business
to be concluded ?
Mr. CONKLING. If Senators will allow
me to call up this bill, I will, when it is taken
up, then give way to reports.
Mr. VICKERS. My colleague [Mr. Ham-
ilton] is opposed to that bill, and desires to
be present when it is called up. I therefore
object to its present consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I give notice that
I shall move, whenever I am in order, to take
it up and get a vote of the Senate upon it.
river and iiarbor bill.
Mr. CHANDLER.. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (II. H.
No. 303G) making appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain,
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, have directed me to report it
back with amendments, and recommend its
passage. I desire to have the bill, with the
amendments, printed and laid on the tables
of Senators; and I give notice that as soon as
the three appropriation bills now in the hands
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, to wit, the Army bill, the Navy bill,
and the fortification bill, are disposed of, I
shall call this bill up.
industrial home school.
Mr. HOWELL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the memorial of the managers
of the Industrial Home School of the District
of Columbia, to report a joint resolution ; and
I ask that the resolution be passed now.
There is a letter from the engineer to the
Secretary of the Navy sajing that these
things are not used and are not necessary,
and that it will cost but a few hundred dol-
lars to put them in good repair.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 326) for the
benefit of the Industrial Home School of the
District of Columbia was read three times and
passed. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to deliver and turn over to the man-
agers of the Industrial Home School of the
District of Columbia, for the use of the pupils
and inmates thereof, the following articles of
machinery and tools, not used or needed by the
Government, in good condition, namely : one
engine, one boiler, one circular saw and table
complete, with the required shafting, pulleys,
and hangers, and such other tools and imple-
ments from the navy-yard as are not used, nor,
in the judgment of the Secretary of the Navy,
needed for the service of the Government,
which may be useful for the Industrial Home
School.
lost registered bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a joint resolu-
tion of general importance, consisting of only
fourteen lines, in regard to lost registered
bonds, which ought to be passed. It is a
matter in which 1 have no feeling, but there
is a great desire to have it passed. I ask the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of
House joint resolution No. 488.
Mr. NYE. I do not wish to object; I have
no registered bonds; but there are some of
my people who do not own Government bonds
and are suffering from the want of the passage
of a bill which I have been endeavoring to
get an opportunity to call up. But I suppose
1 must yield to those who have bonds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio? The Chair hears none.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
K. No. 488) to enable owners to obtain dupli-
cates of lost evidence of indebtment against
the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a substitute re-
ported from the Committee on Finance, and
I suppose it is only necessary to read that.
The original resolution need not be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on
Finance propose to strike out the first and
second sections of the House resolution and
in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and hereby
is, authorized and directed, whenever it is proved
by clear and satisfactory evidence that any duly
registered bond of the United States, bearing inter-
est, issued for valuable consideration in pursuance
of law, has been lost or destroyed, so that the sauie
is not held by any person as his own property, to
issue a duplicate of said registered bond, to be so
marked, ot like amount and bearing like interest as
the bond so proved to bo lostor destroyed : J'i ovided.
That the uwucrof such missing bond shall tilein the
Treasury a bond in a penal sum equal to the amount
