'1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(C.)
Secretary Palacios to Hear Admiral Davis.
Headquarters at Pikysyry,
December 5, 18(33.
Admiral: I have the honor to inform your excel-
lency of thereceipt of the note which you havebeen
pleased to address, under date of yesterday, to his
exccllency the marshal, President of the republic,
by whose order 1 now reply to your excellency.
The Paraguayan Government, always influenced
by the best and most friendly sentiments toward the
United States of America, would gladJy avail itself
of every opportunity in which, withoutrecedingfrom
its sovereignty and its rights, it could offer fresh
proofs of its constant friendship; but his excellency
the president regrets that it is not in bis power to
accede to the delivery, in the terms of your excel-
lency's note, of the accused Bliss and Masterman to
the keeping of your excellency, who, if not called
upon to defineor even toconsider.shouldnotatleast
conceal from yourself the fact of their being crimi-
nals, deeply committed in theaffairof ahorriblecon-
spiracy, very particularly the former. Nevertheless,
his excellency the president of the republic would
cheerfully consent to the delivery of the criminals
Bliss and Masterman, provided it were requested in
a manner more in conformity with the fact of their
being accomplices of Mr. Washburn, and the first
intimately acquainted with his intrigues in the char-
acter of conspirator and agent of the enemy, of which
he is no w accused in the national tribunals, since they
could beuselul in the administration of justicebythe
American Government, to whose judgment he would
confide the above-mentioned criminals.
1 avail myself of this opportunity to assure your
excellency of my very distinguished consideration.
JUAN MANUEL PALACIOS,
Chief Military Secretary,
HisExcellencyBear Admiral C.H. Davis, Command-
mq the Naval Forces of the United States in the South
Atlantic.
w
Reap Admiral Davis to President Lopez.
United States Flagship Wasp, (fourth rate,)
In front of Angostura, Paraguay,
December 5, 18(38.
Sir: I have the honer to acknowledge the receipt
of a communication from your excellency in reply to
my communication of the 4th instant, in which your
excellency expresses a willingness to deliver to the
United States Government, in my keeping, the ac-
cused persons. Bliss and Masterman, mentioned in
the said note, but that your excellency objects to their
delivery under the terms of my note.
I wish your excellency to believe that it is no part
of my official duty either to offer or to refuse any
terms which will affect the alleged criminal condi-
tion of the two persons in question. The papers
accompanying these two persons will sufficiently
express to the Government of the United States the
judgment of the Government ot Paraguay in their
cases.
I take this occasion to inform your excellency that
lam accompanied by a minister accredited to the
Government of Paraguay, who, should no difficulties
exist to prevent it, will present his credentials. Con-
sidering this and the friendship of the Government
of the United States of Ameriea for that of the re-
public of Paraguay, I have to ask your excellency to
embark the accused persons. Bliss and Masterman,
on board of this vessel, in order that 1 may keep
them in security, subject to the disposition of the
Government of the United States, of whose justice
and friendly sentiments your excellency can enter-
tain no doubt. Your excellency is. aware that the
piesent position of this vessel is one in which she
should not, be detained longer than is absolutely ne~
cc^sary. Will your excellency, therefore, be pleased
to inform me when I may expect to receive these
persons on board, or to apprise me at the earliest
moment that it is not your excellency's intention
to send them at all. if such should be your final de-
cision. , ,
I have the honor to be, with the highest respect,
your excellency's most obedient servant,
C. xl. DA \ lo,
Rear Admiral commanding the Naval Forces
of the United States in the South Atlantic.
His Excellency Marshal Don Francisco Solano
Lopez, President of the Republic of Paraguay.
<E.)
Secretary Palacios to Rear Admiral Davis.
Headquarters, Pikysyry,
December 6,1868.
Admiral: His excellency the marshal president
of the republic directs me to reply to the communi-
cation of yesterday's date, which he has just received
Irom your excellency in answer to a communication
of mine of the same day, written also by his excel-
lency's command.
As to wliat is said of the form of your exccllency s
appliua tion for the embarkation of the criminals Bliss
and Masterman, that it, never intended citherto oner
or refuse terms which might affect the criminal con-
dition of the individuals in Question, but to leave it
well established that this application could not, be
complied with in the sense of a reclamation, but oi
a graceful courtesy on the part ot the Government
ot Paraguay toward that of the United btatcs ot
America, it in my answer your excellency could find
anvthing different, I beg your pardon.
Your excellency will now permit me to remark
that I havq written nothing in that communication
which authorizes your excellency to believe that it
has ever been the intention of his exoel)enoy the
president of the republic not to deliver up the crim-
inals Bliss and Masterman unreservedly.
I thought that I had made it distinctly- apparent
that his excellency regretted that it was not in his
power to accedetotheconditionsof the first demand;
but since neither a reclamation nor a demand is in
question, thus strengthening my former communiea-
tions.his excellency has given thenecessary orders for
the delivery of the criminals in a conspiracy, Bliss
and Masterman, on board of your excellency's ves-
sel, that they may be securely retained, subject to the
disposition of the Government of the United States,
asking permission to recommend to your excellency
their entire non-intercourse with the belligerent
countries in whose service the conspiracy was set on
foot.
Your excellency will consider this application suf-
ficien tly j ustified by the actual state of the war, which
has also led your excellency to request that you should
not be detained longer than is absolutely necessary.
In this respect I am happy to inform your excel-
lency that the prosecuting officers who have received
the orders of his excellency, with a recommendation
to be brief, expect to get through in time for the
embarkation ol the criminals, Bliss and Masterman,
by three o'clock of the afternoon of the 8th instant,
and at the same time they have expressed a wish,
which they hope will be gratified, that your excel-
lency will name one or two of your officers who can
witness, on the morning of the same day, the verifi-
cation of the declarations of both of the accused in
tbe case.
His excellency the president thanks your excel-
lency for the information that you are accompanicd
by a minister accrcdited to this republic, the pre-
sentation of whose credentials the minister will be
pleased to arrange at his convenience in the custom-
ary form.
I profit by the occasion to offer to your excellency
the assurance of my very distinguished consideration.
JUAN MANUEL PALACIOS,
Chiej Military Secretary.
His Excellency Bear Admiral C. H. Davis, Command-
ing the Naval Forces of the United States in the South
Atlantic.
(F.)
Rear Admiral Davis to President Lopez.
United States Flagship Wasp, (fourth rate,)
In Front of Angostura, Paraguay,
December 7, 1868.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your excellency's letter of the 6th instant.
In obedience to your excellency's wishes, I shall
appoint two superior officers, one of them the chief
of my staff, to witness the verification of the declar-
ations of the accused, Bliss and Masterman, and I
shall be ready to reccivc the accused on board of my
flag-ship at the time appointed by your excellency.
These officers will be at your excellency's com-
mand on the morning of the 8th instant.
I have the honor to be, with the highest respect,
your excellency's most obedient servant,
C. H. DAVIS,
Rear Admiral Commanding the Naval Forces
of the United States in the South Atlantic.
His Excellency Marshal Don Francisco Solano
Lopez, President of the Republic of Paraguay.
The leading object of Admiral Davis appears
to have been to rescue Bliss and Masterman
from the hands of Lopez, where they were in
peril, and he agreed to withdraw his first letter,
because he saw that by so doing he could accom-
plish his purpose. Lopez assured him in the
beginning that he meant to deliver up these
men without conditions, and his whole object
appears to have been to avoid placing himself
in a degrading attitude before his own coun-
trymen. To have obtained the possession of
these men without conditions of any sort was
a triumph of Admiral Davis, and dealing as he
was with a Government?struggling for existence,
and altogether contemptible m comparison with
his own, he paid little regard to the form of the
letter asked for by Lopez. It was in fact a
matter of no consequence; and as to any com-
promise of our national honor in dealing with
a tyrant who was uniformly overwhelming in his
professions of friendship for the United States,
and ready to receive with open arms the new
minister who had been appointed to take the
place of Mr. Washburn; it was simply ridicu-
lous.
The testimony of General McMahon shows
that Lopez was disposed to cultivate the most
cordial relations with our Government, and no
one can doubt, from the testimony of Captain
Ivirkland and others, that he considered him-
self deeply aggrieved by the unfriendly feel-
ings of Mr. Washburn and his supposed com-
plicity with the enemies of his Government.
No doubt there were others who would have
conducted, the correspondence with, kopez- in
a different and more exacting spirit? but this
was Admiral Davis's plan ofseouring his object
and saving the lives of men who might have
perched by delay; and his signal success was
a complete justification of all that he did.
Nor can I admit the justice of fche>ce & re
upon the admiral for sending two o-f his offi-
cers to witness the confessions of Bliss and
Masterman. It was< really a matter of form to
which little importance was attached. It im-
posed no conditions of any sort upon Admiral
Davis in his treatment of these men, and has
had no other effect than to cause the grayest
suspicions in regard to the sincerity and rela-
tion in which these men stood to Mr. Waub-
burn, and whether either of them was capable
of telling the truth under torture, or not.
Complaint has been made that Admiral
Davis received Bliss and Masterman as, cri ti-
bials on board the Wasp. • There is no evider. ce
to show that Admiral Davis received them in
any such capacity. He had studiously avoided
any committal upon this point. The evident
shows that these men were kindly receive*
and made as comfortable as they had any
right to expect with the limited accommoito-
tions which the Wasp afforded, and a, gr-s
deal more so than they deserved.
"I told the officer of the deck," says Captain Kit Is-
land, (page 210 record,) "to send for his master->,t-
arrns, and have these men taken to the yeoma t'a
store-room and made comfortable. I asked1 thett if
they wanted anything to eat, and I think Bliss Swid
he wanted coffee. I told him to put a sentry a -er
them, and not allow the men to interfere with then.
They were put under my supervision, and as X coi\ld
not watch them I put a man to do it."
If the otficers refused to associate with thon
it was no fault of Admiral Davis. Their chs,**-
acters were too notorious not to excite distrust
and even dislike among officers and men. Nor
was it proper that they should compromise
our neutrality by being allowed to communi-
cate with the shore while there was any prob-
ability of injury to a friendly Power. The
whole evidence proves that they were treated
kindly and humanely, and not as criminals.
But suppose, Mr. Speaker, they had been
held as close prisoners on board the Wasp. I
see nothing, under the circumstances, so revolt-
ing in this as some would seem to imagine. It
is nothing more than Mr. Washburn himself
proposed. I quote from General McMahou's
testimony, (page 224 record:)
"Question. "What do you know of the treatmen' of
Messrs. Bliss and Masterman after they had b en
received by Admiral Davis?
*'Answer. Nothing, except whatlhave read in the
papers since, and from which I derived the impi es-
sion that they were kept under surveillance and Sor-
bidden communication with the belligerents; ;/nd
also an impression produced by reading a letter ot
Bliss to his parents, which has been put in evider ce,
as to their being treated with kindness and atten-
tion, and kept under no restraint. I had no doiibt
that they should be kept as prisoners; and, indeed,
Mr. Waahburrt had no doubt on that subject, beea as©
on the 22d of July, in writing to the Government of
Paraguay, he uses this language:4! will therefore
undertake to hold Mr. Bliss and Mr. Masterman
close prisoners in this legation till I can send tluia
out of the country, or till such time as the Gove.-n-
ment may not object to their being set at liberty.'
Mr. Bemtez replies, under date ot. July 23: ' I have
not permitted myself to request of your excellency
to keep as close prisoners m your legation Porter
Cornelius Bliss and George F. Masterman; and it
belongs exclusively to your excellency to do what is
mo^t befitting the internal service of your house. I
have fulfilled a duty which I judged to be one  f
courtesy,' <&c. (See Senate Ex. Doc. 5, part 2, For-
tieth Congress, third session, pp. 67.68.) There are
a number of other extracts which, I think, all tend
to show the same point, Mr. Washburn insisting that
the proper course to be taken was to send these two
men as close prisoners to the United States for trial,
and that was the course which I considered we were
bound in honor to adopt when they were delivered
to us, and thewhole question referred to the Govern-
ment at Washington for decision. This correspond-
ence of Mr. Washburn also convinced me that ho
had been treated with no discourtesy by thettovern-
ment of Paraguay; at no time threatened, and at no
time under personal peril. That impression I have
been under all the time, from first to last.
Admiral Davis's whole conduct was t-hat of
a prudent, intelligent, and judicious officer.
This Mouse can find no good reason to nnu
fault with the successful results of his efforts,
and the approval of hisconduct wasas ungual*
