iio6
THE COffG-ftflSSIOtfAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ment to the second section. I think it cus-
tomary for the President of the United States
to locate land offices, and not the Secretary of
the Interior. . I taovej on pagfe 2( line fourteen
to strike out the words '■ Secretary of the
Interior" and insert in lieu thereof'• President
of the United States;" so that it will read:
And the President of the United States, whenever
the public service shall require it, is hereby author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
ol'thdSeHktb, a register and receiverof public motley
forsaid district, who shall reside Und hold their office
at such place as may be designated by the President
of the united States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the Opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; ahd beihg engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the (notion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALK Ob' TIMBER LANDS.
Mr. SARGENT then, under the leave grant-
ed by the House, introduced a bill (H. H. No.
3005) for the sale of timber lands in the States
of California and Oregon and' Washington
Territory ; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bifl was read. The first section provides
that public lands of the United States within
the Siates of California and Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory, not included within military,
Indian, or other reservations Of the United
States, valuable for timber but unfit for culti-
vation, whether embraced within the public
surveys or unsurveyed, may be sold to citizens
of the United States, or persons who have de-
clared their intention to become such, in quan-
tities not exceeding six hundred and forty
acres to any one person or association of per-
sons, at the minimum price of $1 25 per acre,
except the alternate sections within railroad
grants, which may be sold as double minimum
Jand.s; or lands valuable chiefly for stone may
be sold on the same terms as timber lands;
provided that nothing contained in this act
shall defeat or impair any bona fide, claim
under any law of the United States; orauthor-
ize the sale ot any mining claim, or the im-
provements of any bona fide settler ; or lands
containing gold, silver, cinnabar, copper, or
coal in quantities sufficient to render mining
remunerative; or lands selected by the said
States under any law of the United States
donating lauds for internal improvements,
education, or other purposes; and that none
ol the rights conferred bv the act approved
July 2(i, 18(50, entitled "An act granting the
rignt of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands, and for other purposes," shall
be abrogated by this act, and the same are
hereby extended to all public lands affected
by this act; and all patents granted shall be
subject to any vested and accrued water rights,
or rights to ditches and reservoirs used in con-
nection with such water rights as may have
been acquired under or recognized by said act,
and such rights shall be expressly reserved in
any patent issued under this act.
'1 he second section provides that any person
desiring to avail himself of the provisions of
this act shall file with the register of the proper
district a written statement in duplicate, one
of which is to be transmitted to the General
Land Office, designating the particular tract
of land he desires to purchase, the exterior
limits of which, in the case of surveyed land,
shall conform to the legal subdivisions author-
ized by law, no further survey or plat in such
case being required, setting forth that the same
is unfit for cultivation and valuable chiefly for
its timber or stone; that it is uninhabited;
contains no mining or other improvements,
except for ditch or canal purposes, nor, as
depohent verily believes, any valuable deposit
of gold, silver, cinnabar, copper, or coal; that
deponent applies to purchase the same, and
that he has made no other application under
this act; which statement must be verified by
the aalh of the applicant, which may be made
before any officer authorized to administer
oaths within the land district within which the
laud is situated, and that if the tract consti-
tutes a part of the unsurveyed domain, it must
be of such compact form as not to injure the
sale Of the adjacent lands, and must be de-
scribed in said statement, in relation to prom-
inent natural objects, with such accuracy that
it may be readily identified.
The third section provides that upon the
tiling of said statement, as provided in the sec-
ond section of this act, tiie register of^he land
office shall post a notice of such application,
embracing a succinct description of the land
in his office, for a period of sixty days, and
shall furnish the applicant a copy of the same,
for publication in a newspaper published near-
est the location of the premises, for a like
period of time ; and after the expiration of
said sixty days, if no adverse claim shall have
been filed the person desiring to purchase,
if the tract is ujjon unsurveyed lands, may
apply to the register for a certificate, to be
presented to the surveyor general) stating the
pendency of the application, and that the same
is allowed by the register and receiver; and
on furnishing to these officers satisfactory
evidence, first., that said notice of the appli-
cation, prepared by the register as aforesaid,
was duly published in a newspaper as herein
required ; second, that the land is of the char-
acter contemplated in this act, unoccupied
and without improvements other than those
excepted, either mining or agricultural, and
that it apparently contains no valuable depos-
its of gold, silver, cinnabar, copper, or coal ;
third, that the applicant has deposited in a
proper United States depository to the credit
of the United States a sum of money suffi-
cient to pay for a survey of the premises and
a plat thereof, and all necessary expenses
without cost or claim for indemnity on the
United States, it shall be the duty of the
register, if the land is otherwise subject to
the provisions of this act, to give the appli
cant such certificate, upon filing which with
the surveyor general, together with one of
the triplicate certificates of deposit., it shall
be the duty of that officer, under such instruc-
tions as may be given him by the Commis
sioner of the General Land Office, and in
accordance with existing laws, to survey such
tract and make a plat thereof, upon which, or
without such survey and plat, if the tract is
on surveyed lands, and upon payment to the
proper officer of the purchase-money of Said
land, together with the fees of the register and
receiver, the applicant may be permitted to
enter said tract; and on the transmission to the
General Land Office of the plat, survey, and
testimony, a patent shall issue thereon ; and
where said tract shall be upon the unsurveyed
public lands of the United States the subse-
quent surveys of the public lauds adjacent
thereto shall close upon the exterior bound-
aries of such locations; and that no person
having a valid claim to any portion of the land
may object, in writing, to the issuance of a
patent to lands so held by him, stating the
nature of his claim thereto; and evidence shall
be taken and the merits of the said objection
shall be determined by the officers of the Land
Office, subject to appeal as in other land cases.
The fourth section provides that after the
passage of this act it shall be unlawful to cut,
or cause or procure to be cut, or wantonly
destroy any limber growing on any lands of
the United States, or remove or cause to be
removed any'timber from said "public lands
with intent to export or dispose of the same;
and no owner, master, or consignee of any
vessel, and no owner, director, or agent of any
railroad shall knowingly transport the same,
or any timber manufactured therefrom; and
that any persons violating the provisions of
this section shall be finedfor any such offense a
sum not less than $100 nor more than SI,000 ;
provided that nothing herein contained shall
prevent any miner or agriculturist from clear-
ing his land in the ordinary working of his
mining claim, or preparing his farm for till-
age, or from taking the timber necessary to
support his improvements, or the taking of
timber for the use of the United States;
and the penalties herein provided shall not
take effect until one year alter the passage of
this act.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend this bill
so as to make the minimum price of this land
§2 50 instead of $1 25 per acre, as now pio-
vided in this bill.
Mr. SAHGENT. I will not object to that
amendment if it is insisted on. I want to get
this rope off the necks of my people at any
reasonable price. Any system of stumpage
would be more oppressive.
The amendment moved by Mr. Jolian was
agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. This bill con-
tains a most extraordinary provision, allowing
the entry of lands before they are surveyed.
I think that is a departure from the wise pro-
vision of our law. Although I am not in the
habit of objecting to measures about which I
know but little, or of interfering with a meas-
ure reported from or recommended by any of
the committees of this House, yet I do not
think this House would ever have consented
to take up a btll of this character and pass
it without consideration by any committee,
if it had not been for the consent given by
the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
J olia},',] the chairman of the Committee on the
Public Lands. This bill being of that extraor-
dinary character, proposing an'entire depart-
ure trom well established principles, I think
that portion of the bill should be stricken out.
I will therefore move to strike out that por-
tion of the bill which allows lands to be sold
before they are surveyed.
Mr. SARGEN 1\ I do not yield for any
such amendment, for if adopted it would make
this bill entirely inoperative unless you are
prepared to spend a miljion or two of dollars
to survey the whole Sierra Nevada mountains,
a large portion of which is worthless for tim-
ber, or for any other purpose. Unless we can
go there and survey at our own expense such
portions here and there as would be valuable
when surveyed we had better let the bili go.
A similar provision is contained in other laws ;
it is not novel or improper. It exists, for in-
stance, in the law of this Congress for taking,
proving up, and paying for mining claims. Ju
that law it is provided that such locations may
be made and surveyed as in this bill upuu
unsurveyed lands.
Another thing I would remark to the gentle-
man, that our coast is anomalous in this re-
spect, and different from any other portion of
the country. In all the western States east of
the Rocky mountains surveys have either pre-
ceded or accompanied settlements ; your peo-
ple upon going there either find the land all
surveyed to their hands or the surveyors go
there very soon after. But the portion of the
country where I live has now been settled for
over twenty years, more or less densely, until
vye have a population of half a million in Cali-
fornia, and a large population in Oregon and
Washington Territory ; and yet up to this time
we have not been able to get the lauds surveyed
upon which our property has grown up. We
therefore need a little more tenderness of
treatment in this respect than if we were peo-
ple going where the land is already surveyed,
or where the surveyor comes soon after us.
But the principal objection to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
