1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
of said missing bond and the interest which would
accrue thereon until tbeprincipal thereof isdue and
pityable, with two grood and sufficient sureties, resi-
dents of the United States, to tne approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, with condition to indem-
nify and save harmless tho United States from any
claim because of the said lost or destroyed bond.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Ohio
if registered bonds go into circulation?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; registered bonds
cannot go into circulation.
Mr. HOWE. Then how can those bonds
be lost?
Mr. SHERMAN. What the holder has is
a certificate of registry, just like a note payable
to order.
Mr. HOWE. I know; and should you
not say in the bill "certificate of registry"
instead of " bonds?"
Mr. SHERMAN. No; we have used the lan-
guage used by the proper accounting officers.
These bonds are payable to order, and the
interest is payable only to those named on the
registry at the Treasury Department. We
struck out the section of the House bill pro-
viding for the duplication of coupon bonds.
"We were not prepared to recommend that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. The amendment was ordered
to be engrossed, and the resolution to be read
a third time. The joint resolution was read
the third time, and passed. Its title was
amended to read : " A joint resolution to
enable owners to obtain duplicates of lost
and destroyed registered bonds of the United
States.''1
CKTJELTY TO ANIMALS ON RAILROADS.
Mr. CONKLING. I renew the motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 2018.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 2018) to prevent cruelty to animals while
in transit by railroad or other means of trans-
portation within the United States was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that no railroad company within the
United States whoso road forms any part of a
line of road over which cattle, sheep, swine,
or other animals shall be conveyed from one
State to another, or the owners or masters of
steam, sailing, or other vessels carrying or
transporting cattle, sheep, swine, or other ani-
mals from one State to another, shall confine
the same in cars, boats, or vessels of any
description for a longer period than twenty-
eight consecutive hours without unloading them
for rest, water, and feeding, for a period of
at least five consecutive hours, unless pre-
vented from so unloading by storm or other
accidental causes. In estimating such con-
finement the time during which the animals
have been confined without such rest on con-
necting roads from which they are received
shall be included, it being the intent of the
act to prohibit their continuous confinement
beyond theperiod oftwenty-eighthours, except
the contingencies before stated. Animals so
unloaded are to be properly fed and watered
during such rest by the owner or person hav-
ing the custody thereof, or in ease of his de-
fault in so doing, then by the railroad com-
pany or owners or masters of boats or vessels
transporting the same, at the expense of the
owner or person in custody thereof; and the
company, owners, or masters shall in such
eases have a lien upon such animals for food,
care, and custody furnished, and shall not be
liable for any detention of such animals author-
ized by the act. Any company, owner, or
custodian of such animals who shall fail to
comply with the provisions of the act shall, for
each and every such offense, be liable for and
forfeit and pay a p"nalty ot not. less than ยง100
nor moic ih.in Jiut when animals shall
be curried in c.i-s, boats, or other ves.sels m
which ihey can and do have proper food,
water, space, and opportunity for rest, the
foregoing provisions in regard to their being
unloaded are not to apply. The penalty thus
created is to be recovered by indictment in the
circuit or district court of the United States
bolden within the district where the offense
may have been committed : and it is to be the
duty of all United States marshals, their dep-
uties and subordinates, to prosecute all viola-
tions of the act which shall come to their notice
or knowledge. Any person or corporation en-
titled to the Hen before stated may enforce it
by a petition filed in the district court of the
United States holden within the district where
the food, care, and custody shall have been
furnished, or the owner or custodian of the
property resides; and that court shall have
power to issue all suitable process for the en-
forcement of such lien by sale or otherwise,
and to compel the payment of all costs, charges,
and expenses of the proceedings.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have just
come in during the reading of the bill, and I
wish tounderstand how it got before the Senate
this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was taken up
by vote of the Senate, the morning business
being concluded.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Maryland allow me to say a word ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Conklino] stated with reference to
this bill that I objected to it the other day,
and that I afterward withdrew my objection.
All that is quite correct; but the Senator will
remember that I stated that I withdrew my
objection out of personal consideration for his
wishes ; and I have not withdrawn my objec-
tions to the bill, which, at the proper time, I
will endeavor to present.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, I objected the other day to this bill,
apprehending that it might contain provisions
which would be injurious to those persons in
the States interested in the business of send-
ing and transporting stock. The bill comes
to us with a very commendable name; ^the
object is philanthropic enough. But when
you come to consider its provisions you will
find the most comprehensive powers asserted
in it for the Federal Government. I desire,
so far as I can, that everything shall be done
to correct abuses in this respect; but in cor-
recting those abuses we should be careful not
to assume unwarranted powers.
This bill has been before the Committee on
Agiiculture, and I presume that committee
gave it consideration. But I would prefer that
some other committee of this body, the Com-
mittee on Commerce or the Committee on the
Judiciary, should supervise it and see that it
contains properly guarded provisions. It is
a general bill and it undertakes to prescribe
what shall be done in regard to the conveyance
of cattle, sheep, swine, and other animals.
Now, it may be possible that there may be
interposition in regard to this matter which
will be injuiious to the persons connected with
the business of raising and transporting ani-
mals. There is one practical difficulty that I
observe on the face of the bill. It provides
that these animals shall not be confined during
their transportation for a longer period than
twenty-eight hours without unloading for rest,
water, and feeding, for a period of at least five
hours. This bill is peremptory, under fines and
penalties, that five consecutive hours shall be
allowed in each period of twenty-eight hours
for rest, water, and feeding. No matter from
what part of the country a train of animals may
start, no matter though the twenty-eight hours
be reached after night, you must stop before
the twenty-eight hours expire. Where can you
stop at times? Can you alwajsstop where there
will be pasturage or where there will be oppor-
tunities for wateiing stock, or where tiiose
necessaries required by the bill can be had?
1 have not given very special attention to the
bill; but I have casually glanced over it, and
I think it contains features which deserve the
consideration of members of this body. I am
willing to go as far as any one in this Chamber
to prevent cruelty. But it should be remem-
bered that ever since railroads we're estab-
lished, for the last thirty years, this traffic has
been going on, and this is the first time we have
had it brought to the attention of Congress.
In old times, and trntil within a recent
period, it was supposed that the great interests
of the people who raised cattle, and the inter-
ests of those who took them to market, and
the interests of those who disposed of them to
the public, would control and regulate this
great traffic. We relied upon the interests of
the people at large; and it is to those interests
that we must look at last for great correcting
resjjlts. When you undertake to interfere ia
this way, to interfere with companies engaged
in the transportation of stock, you will get the
companies and yourselves into difficulties. If
you can in any way regulate it do so. But I
think this bill goes entirely too far.
The other day, in making an objection to this
bill, I happened to mention that in a certain
provision of it I thought there was probably
contained a patent interest. I know nothing
of that proposition; but in reading the bill I
observed a provision which suggested that idea
to me. I think that at this period of the ses-
sion, when we have not time for a very careful
examination of the measures brought before
us, it is well that we consider everything which
is presented.- Without undertaking to assert
the fact positively, I am inclined to think that
there is some kind of ear already patented
which the companies will be required to use in
order to comply with the terms of this bill. I
do not know that such is the case, and I do not
desire to do injustice to the people who are
urging this legislation. They may be actuated
by the highest motives of humanity. I do noS
undertake to impugn their motives; but there
may be others behind them in this movement.
I find that the bill requires these animals to be
carried in cars in which they can have proper
food" and water and spacg, When I see that
provision of the bill I am^soclined to think that
there must be a patent for such cars as those.
I intended to inquire into this point, but I have
not had time to do.so. I do not undertake to
say that in all measures gotten up for the pur-
pose of furthering the great cause of humanity
in its various phases you will always find lying
beneath them private interests, but that is
sometimes the case, and those private consider-
ations and interests have great power in press-
ing them under such apparently commendable
motives.
_ I am not here to object particularly to this
bill; but when I look into it I see an absorp-
tion of powers, in my judgment, not warranted
by the Constitution. You are going on with
this accumulation of power here until you will
finally have abolished all written constitutions
and all local immunities and legislation.
I call the attention of the Senate to this bill.
It is not my purpose to discuss it. I objected
to it the o^her day from a sense of duty. I
like to see people engaged in benevolent en-
terprises as much as the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania; and yet I have an idea
that it will be better to leave this matter to the
interests of the people engaged in this great
traffic and to the police regulations of the
States, for it will be theirinterest to send them
in proper condition, as they have done for the
last thirty years, and in fact as the people
always have done in this country, railroads or
no railroads. This is all I have to say about
this bill. Gentlemen have different views;
those who have can, of course, do as they
please.
Mr. CAMERON. I have a word to say about
this bill. The bill is from the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the Senator knows it has been
examined bj the Committee on Agriculture
