830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
ified and cordial as that extended to his pre-
decessor by the Department from whom he
received his instructions, and to whom he waa
responsible for their faithful execution.
Mr. Speaker, there are many of the extra-
ordinary features of this record which cannot
have escaped observation. Here are some of
the most reliable and distinguished officers in
the naval service dragged before the committee,
almost without an idea of what was intended
to be charged against them until arraigned by
order of the House. They had done their duty
and had the unqualified approbation of their
Department. There could be 110 reopening
of this record, so far as they were concerned,
and the whole proceeding now resolves itself
into a ridiculous attempt to degrade the Navy
by invoking Congress to take away the powers
which it has heretofore exercised. 1 must say
for myself that I am not prepared, from any-
thing that has occurred, to cooperate in any
such movement.
This idea of congressional interference ap-
pears to have originated with General Webb,
who, like an old war horse when the din of
battle begins, pricks up his ears and shows his
eagerness for the fray, and who, after leaving
Brazil, with relations indicating an early out-
break with that Government, brought about by
hi3 own imprudence, came over to run a tilt
with the officers of the South Atlantic squad-
ron. In a letter to Admiral Davis he says :
'4I will only add, in conclusion, that the question
of the relative duties and respective rights of United
States ministers and naval officers in command,
which, for some purpose faat 1 cannot fathom, you
have thought proper to ra-'se, should, and I trust will,
be speedily settled by Congress* whether in your
iavor or mine does not matter. We are simply the
instruments whose (jifTerences in a far-off land in
regard to what action is demanded by our naval forces
on this station in vindication of the nation's honor,
the rights of its officials, and the lives of its citizens
must and will call forth congressional legislation, too
long: delayed. To secure such a result I shall cause
this correspondence to be called tor at the next ses-
sion of Congress; and'to convince you that, m the
performance of my whole duty in this emergency, I
do not intend to permit unofficial difference of opin-
ion to degenerate into a personal controversy, 1 in-
close herewith a copy of my dispatch to the depart-
ment fS State, written yesterday, when you were
penning your extraordinary note to me, and which
went forward by the steamer to Southampton tins
mora.ng. Its spirit will be found aomewhat differ-
ent from that which guided your pen and invited a
personal controversy. To that spiritIshaU adhere;
aud I now feel it my duty to reiterate my requisition
upon you, promptly and properly, to employ the
large naval force under your command in the vindi-
cation of our national honor, the protection of the
diplomatic rights of our country, and the attempt,
at least, to save the lives of our outraged officials."
The usage since the origin of the Govern-
ment has been to leave these officers, in the
ubsenceof specific instructions, independentof
each other, and responsible only to the heads
of their respective Departments.
Mr. William Hunter, second Assistant Sec-
retary of State, says in his testimony, (page
304, record,) in reply to a question by the
chairman:
" Question,. You have heard the testimony of Admi-
ral Porter with regard to questions of conflict between
the navalofficersand the representatives of the Gov-
ernment in the diplomatic service. Please btate to
the committee what you know of such conflicts
having arisen since your connection with the State
Department.
" Answer. There have been numerous occasions
where they haveor might have arisen if they had not
been overruled by the Department ot State. Under
our Government the President, being the commander
of both the Army and the Navy, gives his orders to the
Wavy through the Secretary of the Navy, and no
diplomatic representative-is supposed or allowed to
have any control over a naval officer without spe-
cific instructions from the Navy Department, at the
request of the Secretary ot State, authorized by the
Pi evident to make that request or to direct it.
" Qtuition. Has the State Department ever found
an unwillingness on the part of the Navy Depart-
ment to accede to their wishes?
"AnMvei\ Never. In matters of sufficient import-
ance to induce the State Department to make requi-
sitions on the Navy, they are always considered
imperative. The Secretary of the Navy would never
retuse to give an order requested by the Secretary of
State, by direction of the President. Our diplomatic
agents going abroad, knowiftar that under our system
of government the civil department has theoretically
the control of the military and naval departments,
think it very hard, especially in these remote coun-
tries, that the naval officers will not take their advice
at least; but the naval officers are men generally who
have been abroad a great deal, and, as a matter of
necessity, they have studied generally the questions
that will arise, and their natural sense of acuteness
is sharpened by a sense of responsibility, and thoy
are right in not assuming any responsibility except
when they are authorized by the President, through
the Secretary of the Navy, to do so.
"Question. Do you recollect of any instance m
which the Secretary of State has given orders to
naval officers except through the intervention oi the
Secretary of tho^avy?
"Ahsxoer. No, sir; he has no right to do it. lhe
President would not allow it. No Secretary of the
Navy could hold his commission for a day it that
were done. _ „ , „
"Question. Do you know of any instance in the
records of the State Department where a minister
has complained to the State Department of want of
cooperation on the part of the Navy, aside from this
case now under consideration ?
"Answer. I cannot say that I know of any such
instance. There may have been allusions made, but
no formal complaints.
" Question. Fromyour knowledgeof the operations
of the State Department in this respect, do you think
any further legislation is necessary ?
,k Answer. I do not. I do not think any legislation
whatever is necessary, provided each Department
discharges its own duty. When questions of great
difficulty and delicacy occur abroad, in winch the
cooperation of the Navy may become necessary, they
should be considered very deliberately. They are
generally considered here in Cabinet, and if the
cooperation of the Navy is determined upon.it is
with the understanding of the entire Administration.
" Question. Do you know of any instance in which
the Secretary of the Navy has ever refused to com-
ply with a request of the State Department ?
"Answer. JNo.sir; I do not know that I do. Itk
generally assumed that the Secretary of State in
making such a request has acted under the direction
of the President. I have been at Cabinet meetings
myself where these things were discussed very often."
The testimony of Vice Admiral Porter is
confirmatory of the same review. He says,
(page 295 record:)
"By Mr. .
" Queviwn. Please state what is the practice of the
Navy Department in regard to giving instructions
to otiicers in command ot squadrons abroad; whether
or not a naval officer in charge of an important sta-
tion like Brazil is furnished with instructions from
the Navy Department when he is sent out there.
"Answer. They most always go with special in-
structions from the Secretary of the Navy, and when
special instructions are not given them the oflicer3
whom they relieve are directed to turn over to them
the instructions they have heretofore received, and
they are to be governed by those instructions. That
is the custom in all cases.
4* Question. Where an admiral goes out in that way,
and unforeseen contingencies arise which make it
necessary ior him to act upon his own judgment, is
he authorized by the Department to exercise his best
judgment in any course that he may think it neces-
sary to pursue, or is he to defer to the opinion or
wishes of the diplomatic agent of the Government
at the station where he may be ?
" Answer. I think the instructions require an offi-
cer to refer all cases, where there is any doubt as
to what action he should take, to the head of the
Department, and not to take any action himself
that may jeopardize the peace of the nation.
" Question. They areno t authorized to break ablock-
ade, or force the military lines?
Answer. N\>, sir; not withoutspecific instructions,
and we have rules and regulations which state how
an officer shall act incases of that kind. They are
called the 'Regulations of the Navy,' and I will
furnish the committee with acopyof them. Thenew
regulations which have been or are about being
issued direct that an officer in command ofasquadion,
when called upon by a minister abroad to do any-
thing that might involve the peace of the nation,
may disregard any such advice, and is not to be gov-
erned by it unless he has instructions from his De-
partment. The officers are not encouraged to take
such action, but, on the contrary, to avoid it as much
as possible. The old instructions are not very lull
on that point, but instructions have been given to
officers to refer all such matters to the Navy Depart-
ment, and from that Department they are taken to
the State Department. We look upon itthat a min-
ister is sent abroad to preserve peace, and not to mako
war; and naval officers, having so much intercourse
with the world, consider that thoy are, porhaps, as
well informed about diplomatic matters as persons
who have just entered upon their diplomatic duties
for the first time. Now in England it is different.
There persons are educated for the diplomatic pro-
fession, and a British naval officer, in many cases, is
put under the orders of the minister. But 111 case wo
had any difficulty with a foreign Power the Navy
Department would instruct the admiral at that point
to cooperate with the minister in that particular
case, but in no other case.
" Question. How has that system worked hereto-
fore? Do you known of any serious collision having
occurred in consequence of it between thenaval com-
manders and the diplomatic agents of the Govern-
ment?
" Answer. I do not recollect any having occurred
except this present case in Paraguay."
• I deem it useless, Mr. Speaker, to discuss
this point further. The value of the principle
upon which the Government has acted is too
well illustrated in the case before lis to require
protracted argument. What would have been
the complications growing out of the issues con-
nected with this investigation had the supreme
authority been placed in the hands of these
distinguished representatives of the diplomatic
service and the Navy subjected to their dicta-
tion, as proposed now by the intervention of
Congress? There were no two men, as the
records of the State Department will show,
confirmed by what has transpired in the invest-
igation before the committee, less fitted by
temper and judgment in so delicate an emer-
gency, as the representatives of the Govern-
ment in Paraguay and Brazil. The balance-
wheel of the Navy saved us. There was no
desire to decline cooperation or to accept ad-
vice in the absence of instructions. But there
were higher duties which these naval officers
could not ignore; they had to look to their
own responsibilities; and their independent
action, as the result proves, while it main-
tained the dignity and honor of the country, and
made it unnecessary to resort to force, saved
us from interminable vexation, and, it may be,
from the expense of a wasting war in a far-olf
land with a semi-barbarous people, where no
glory was to be achieved.
General Webb, when he charged Admiral
Godon with " a softening of the brain," could
hardly have reflected upon the unfavorable
eifecis of such bitterness of temper, in his
effort to disparage a gallant officer; and I will
only say thai had others, who figure so largely
in this imbroglio, found themselves affected by
the same malady, with the results which have
attended it in the case of Admiral Godon, it
might have resulted in benefit all around, and
certainly to the country.
Mr. Speaker, I can see nothing in this rec-
ord, from beginning to end, but a studied cru-
sade on the part of the prosecuting witnesses
against the Navy. They seem to have lost
sight of every obligation of justice and fair-
dealing, in their eagerness to prejudice the
public mind and detract from its good name.
The officers of the Navy make no claim to
infallibility. Like every other Department of
our Government, they represent the usual
variety of theoretical and practical intelligence,
of useful susceptibility and constitutional liahit.
It may be assumed, however, that as a class
they have better opportunities of informing
themselves in the duties of their profession
than those who are thrown less in contact with
the world's progress and have fewer facilities
of observing the workings of government in
its various forms, and the application of the
principles of international law as it is recog-
nized by them.
The representatives of the'diplomatic class,
on the other hand, do not stand with us its
they do in England, France, Russia, and most
of the established Governments of the Old
World, where diplomacy is a profession, and
men rise just in proportion as they show their
fitness for the duty, and lose their places when
they prove wanting in judgment, capacity, or
any of the characteristics which comprise the
qualifications of a minister. We have had
many instances in our history where the
public interests have suffered in the hands of
incompetent men; and that such should have
been the result is not to be wondered at when
you look at the class from whence our minis-
ters are drawn and the little attention that is
paid to those peculiar qualifications which are
so essential in diplomatic service. I do not
propose to change this system, because the
charactcr of our institutions forbid it; but I
would point to it as establishing, beyond ques-
tion, the absolute necessity for some check
upon men without balance or discretion, who
are often—too often I regret to say—selected
to represent us abroad in negotiations req airing
the greatest skill, discriminating judgment,
and unvarying courtesy.
If you listen to the teachings of General
