1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
Cobb] is that it would require the Government
to survey a large amount of worthless lands, or
allow the present penalties to remain in force
against cutting timber on the public lands, or
exclude our people from getting the timber
•which is absoluJfcly necessary to enable them
to properly carry on the improvements iu which
they are engaged,
Mr. AXTELL. I learn from the public lands
bureau that there are embraced within the
limits of California, in all, some one hundred
and twenty million acres of land, of which
there have been surveyed up to this time only
about thirty two million acres.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Tn this connec-
tion I wish to state, in addition to what. I have
already endeavored to say, that I would have
no particular objection to the adoption of the
principle of this bill, that is, a departure from
our land system, which has now existed for a
great many years, if the application of this
new system could be confined to the mount-
ains. There may be reasons applicable to
the mountain districts which would make this
provision desirable; I do not know anything
about that. But this bill is applicable to this
new territory of Alaska 
Mr. SAIIGENT. No, sir; this bill does
not relate to that territory. The gentleman
confounds this with a bill which has been
passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Then I stand
corrected on that point; but if the gentleman
will confine this provision to the mountain
regions of Oregon and California I will not
press further my view upon this subject, as I
know nothing about the peculiarities of the
mountain region.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot consent to the
restriction which the gentleman proposes, be-
cause of the practical difficulty which would
constantly arise as to what should be consid-
ered mountain regions as distinct from foot-
hills. I wish to embrace both; and there is
no objection to allowing the bill to apply to
level lands unlit for cultivation, but valuable
for timber or stone.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I will modify my
motion, instead of moving to amend the bill
I will move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
California is 011 the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not yield for that
motion.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Was not my
amendment leceived?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir.
The SPEAKliR. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Sakoest] will state lor what
put pose he yielded.
Mr. SARGENT. Simply that my friend
from Wisconsin might occupy a few minutes
in the discussion ot the bill.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. If my motion to
amend was not received—if the gentleman
ems me off in that respect—I will move that
the bill be referred to the Committee 011 the
Public Lands, with authority to report at any
time, so that this measure may not be pre
jndiced by the delay. I do not believe this
House is prepared, without any hearing, or
any examination by a committee, to depart
from a well-established principle in regard to
our public land policy.
1,1 r. SARGEN 1\ iu reply to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] I only desire to
say that this bill is not presented without ex-
amination by a committee. The bill was intro-
duced by myself months ago. The attention
of the Committee 011 the Public Lauds has
Leen specially called to it. I understand the
subject has been fully discussed by the com-
mittee, and that they concur in the propriety
of passing the bill in its present shape. While
I am anxious to avoid any evil results from
the passage of the bill, i am anxious that a
great necessity of my people, whielj has been
pressing upon my heart and conscience, shall
be met. Ever since I have been here I have
been trying to bring this bill before the House.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I wish to say
but a single won} in reply to the last remark
of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] and then X shall be done with this
question. In my humble opinion some of the
most mischievous measures which have ever
been passed by this House have been got
through under an assurance of some gentle-
man that the bill had been examined by some
suitable committee, but that they had not had
an opportunity to report upon it; otherwise
it would have been unanimously reported.
Mr. JULIAN, in justice to myself, and to
the gentleman (rom California, I ask consent
to make a statement. Since this matter came
before the House two members of the Com-
mittee 011 the Public Lauds have asked me
whether the bill is all right? The Committee
on the Public Lands may have examined this
measure at the last session in my absence;
but I never found time to do so. While I am
inclined to believe the bill to be a just and
necessary measure, yet it is due to ray asso-
ciates on the committee who would prefer to
examine it that they should have an oppor-
tunity to do so ; and if io were referred, with
authority to report at any time, the bill could
then receive proper consideration and yet pass
at this session of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Mr.
Speaker, I think I can relieve some of the
difficulty which is presented here. This bill
does not present any new feature in legisla-
tion. For nearly twenty years we have had
similar legislation upon our statute books in
relation to Oregon and Washington Territory,
and lands have been settled there under pre-
cisely the same conditions as those proposed
in this bill. The old donation law iu refer-
ence to the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington contained precisely the same feature
in regard to settlement and surveys ; and it
has been found to operate successfully with
reference to both those communities.
There is no proposition in this bill toconvey
title without a survey ; but, iu accordance with
the act of 1862, it is proposed that where a
party desires to purchase laud prior to the
extension of the public surveys over the land
in question he shall have the privilege of
depositing his money with a United States
depositary, and upon that deposit for the pay-
ment of the survey the surveyor general shall
authorize the survey of the tract 111 question.
This principle of legislation will be found first
in the donation law, and secondly in the law j
of 18C2. There is nothing new in this pro-
vision of the present bill, and nothing that can
injure either the Government or individuals ; I
because it requires, in the lirst place, the cer-
tificate of the surveyor general to authorize
the survey. Itrequires also the depositot' the
inuuey of the purchaser to pay for that survey,
and the Government gets that work done for
nothing. Therefore it is in the line ot econ-
omy. The bnl can injure 110 private person,
nor can it injure the country at large.
If this were an innovation, sir, in the land
system of the United States I should look
upon it with as much hesitancy as the gentle-
man who objects to it. But after an expe-
rience of over eight years in the public land
department of the United States, and having
seen this same system applied, I have been*
wholly unable to" detect any mischief which
will arise to the country or to settlers by the
passage of this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas desires to offer an amendment, and I
will yield to him for the purpose of having
it read.
Mr. BOLES. I hope I will bo permitted to
offer the following amendment:
De-it enacted, That so much of the aot entitled
"Au act for fhu dispoa.il nf the pubtio lauds tor
homestead actual settlement io the States of Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Flor-
ida,' approved June 21, 18(56. as applies to pine or
other timbered l.mds not suieepdbie of cultivation,
and situated in the State of Arkansas, bo, and tUe
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. Speaker, I offer this amendment be-
cause in the State of Arkansas, as the law now
stands, our lumbermen cannot get hold of
any of these pine timber lands. I have known
of many saw-mills being compelled to stop
operations because they could not get hold of
these lands. I ask, therefore, that these pine
lands may be opene'd to sale, so that these
men may go in to purchase them. They will
not object even if $2 50 be asked. All they
wish is to be permitted iu some way to go in
and get the timber. Those piue lands stand
there now of 110 use to the Government or to
anybody else.
Mr. JULIAN. I am satisfied there are lands
in the five land States of the South not fitted
for tillage, which are made useless by the
homestead law, and I hope those who will be
here iu the next Congress will be able to digest
some exceptional policy in reference to these
five land States of the South. The homestead
policy, however, has been so beneficial to that
section, that I hope at least this amendment
will not be adopted without giving the proper
committee an opportunity to consider it, so
as to digests provision covering not only Ark-
ansas, but the four other States. I believe
more mischief than good will be done by adopt-
ing such an amendment as this without proper
investigation.
Mr. SABGENT. I do not consent to having
that amendment offered. I only gelded to
have the amendment read. I now yield to my
colleague.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, this has not
only the unanimous approval of the delega-
tion from California, but of the delegations
from Oregon and Washington Territory, of
men who have resided as much or more than
twenty years on that coast. Our lumbermen
can now only go upon the public lands as tres-
passers. They should be enabled to do so by
some such legislation as this, because our sur-
veys have been extended over that country
so slowly as practically to keep most of the
public lands out of the market.
And I wish to say one word on that point,
and it is this: California would be rejoiced
to-day, and her prosperity advanced, if Con-
gress would, in a liberal spirit, expend money
enough in order to put on a sufiicent force to
survey all our public lands. We have nearly
one hundred million acres of unsurveyed lands.
We have only surveyed about thirty t.wo million
acres. Tnis want of survey, of course, retards
the settlement of the State.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Oregon.
Mr. Sill Tit, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I
wish to say, 111 addition to what has been
already said in regard to the necessities of this
bill, without referring to anything thai has
been said, that the system adopted by Con-
gress in regard to surveys in Washington and
Oregon absolutely prohibits the survey of these
timber lands. Congress, utterly unacquainted
with the character of our forests 111 that coun-
try, refuses to allow so much per mile for sur-
veys of these timber lands as to enable any
person to make them without loss. And as has
been already said in regard to that matter, we
are either prevented from cutting timber at
all or we make ourselves liable to the penal-
ties of the law as trespassers.
Sir, if Congress would authorise the pay-
ment of a sufficient sum per mile to enable us
to have our timber lauds suiveyed some por-
tion of the necessity for this legislation would
be obviated. But oqr timber lands are not,
being surveyed. We cannot get surveyors to
survey them at all at the price which Congress
fixed, and we consider the legislation provided
in this bill to be the only means by which we
