1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
Webb, and strike down the independence of
the Navy Department, you place yourself at
the mercy of all such men. Take his own
case and that of Minister Washburn, and I
will venture to say that there will be found
few members upon this floor who, after a dis-
passionate review of the correspondence re-
lating to Paraguay, and the evidence contained
in the record of the committee, will not see
cause for congratulation that, through the
firmness of Admirals Godon and Davis, the
Navy was not permitted to be used to compli-
cate still more seriously our relations in that
quarter. It was no fault of these gentlemen,
but their misfortune, that they were so con-
stituted.
The supposed antagonism and jealousy be-
tween these two branches of our public service
are entitled to no weight whatever. They really
do not exist. They have not occurred in the past,
and are not likely to occur hereafter with men of
sense, prudence, and discretion on either side.
Naval officers have always been instructed to
cooperate with ministers on all proper occa-
sions; and the correspondence of Admiral
Davis, in forwarding General McMahon to his
destination, shows how anxious he was to avail
himself of the counsels of that distinguished
officer in deciding upon his own course of
action.
Mr. Speaker, I am not one of those who
look upon the Navy, as some do, as an un-
necessary adjunct in our national organization,
and who ask, as I have heard it asked, what is
it all worth to us, and why should we here in
Congress perpetuate its power by the appro-
priations which are voted to sustain it from
year to year. The history of your country will
answer this question better than I can. I
never expected to be called upon here or else-
where to lift my voice in defense of the Navy.
It has made its own record by deeds of daring
and of valor in all those great epochs which
have marked the progress of this Government,
and needs no defense frorajany gentleman on
this floor, as it certainly ought to stand above
unjust attack. In patriotic devotionto the
principles of free government, in the triumphs
of matured seamanship, in those brilliant ex-
ploits which have so often startled the world,
it has established already its claim to all the
honors which this House is capable of bestow-
ing. In times past, when we had scarcely
thrown aside the timidity and indecision of an
infant existence, this Government leaned upon
the Navy for support.
Thrown in contact with the most powerful
nation of the world, our gallant seamen illus-
trated by their success that " the race was not
always to theswiftnorthebattleto thestrong."
Throwing defiance in the face of the greatest
Power on earth, they established upon a firmer
basis than ever the claims of Americaa nation-
ality, and added increased luster to the flag
which they were sent forth to defend. In the
more recent conflict, which deluged this lapd
in blood, and the life of the nation stood quiv-
ering in the balance, the deeds of Farragut
and Foote, and Porter and Word en, and ahost
of others whom it would be invidious to men-
tion when all deserved so well of their country,
abundantly proved that there had been no
decadence in this arm of the service, and that
the brave man who is represented lashed to the
rigging of his flag-ship amid the desolations
of war and the groans of the wounded and the
dying, was but a faithful type of the determ-
ination and boldness, and the "spirit never
to submit or yield," which are now and have
ever been the prominent characteristics of the
American Navy. _ _ ..
Mr. Speaker, instead of joining in a war
upon t.he Navy, to cramp its usefulness a.nd
subordinate its powers, to gratify the pride
and caprice of a few impulsive men, I would
rather extend over it the fostering arm of this
Government which it has so well deserved. I
do not believe that the powers which have
been intrusted to it will ever be abused. I do
not believe that the national honor will ever be
permitted to suffer in the bands of the Navy.
The time will come when our chief reliance
must be upon the Navy. We may never see
another civil war; nor is it probable that we
shall witness another attempt at invasion from
abroad. Our battles will be fought upon the
ocean. The wars into which wemay be drawn
will be maritime wars. But in order to main-
tain our ascendency, to exercise that com-
manding influence to which our future points
with unerring certainty, we must throw our-
selves upon the Navy as the great leverage of
our success. I would not leave it to the fluc-
tuations of events, contracting or expanding
as necessity may suggest; I would make it an
institution of permanence, ready at all times
to encourage the spread of free principles, and
to give a just and proper direction to the
world's policy.
The time has gone by when we can afford
to content ourselves with the Monroe doctrine
of non-intervention. We live in a new era,
and our mission is one of freedom and uni-
versal philanthropy toward the suffering and
oppressed of every land. Our Navy is our
chief dependence. We must build it up by an
enlarged and liberal policy. It must be made
to represent in its strength and proportions
the power and greatness of our people, that it
may go forth upon every sea, where nations
display the symbols of their nationality, bear-
ing the flag of the great Republic, high above
all, to the remotest lands, and as the favored
representative of universal freedom, justice,
and equality.
Mr. SARGENT obtained the floor.
Mr. ORTH. I ask the gentleman from
California to yield to me, that I may make a
suggestion to the House.
Mr. SARGENT. i yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ORTH. The usual hour of adjourn-
ment has almost arrived, and I suggest that
the House permit this debate to go over till
to-morrow morning. If this be agreed to I
will call the previous question at two o'clock.
Mr. KELSEY. Oh, no; call the previous
question now.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will call the previous question before
the adjournment to-day. He will then have
an hour to-morrow.
Mr. ORTH. I cannot do that unless gen-
tlemen should be willing to remain here an-
other hour to-day. . I ask unanimous consent
that this debate may be resumed to-morrow.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will yield to me a moment, that
I may present to the House a resolution which
I propose to offer by way of amendment, if I
get the opportunity.
Mr. ORTH. I wil] do so as soon as the
House decides this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
who has charge of this resolution. He asks
that the debate be continued to-morrow afkr
the reading of the Journal till two o'clock,
when he will call the previous question.
Mr. BEAMAN. Then this question will
occupy the whole day.
Several Members. Let the previous ques-
tion be called to-day.
Mr. ORTH. I will call the previous ques-
tion at half past one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will have an
hour after the calling of the previous question ;
then after that the yeas and nays will have to
be called several times, so that the arrange-
ment he proposes will occupy the whole of
to-morrow. I do hope the gentleman willfind
it consistent with his duty to call the previous
question this afternoon, leaving but an hour
for debate to-morrow. Then another hour will
be neccssary to dispose of the question. I
must ask the House to go into the Committee
of the Whole to-morrow.
Mr. ORTH. My proposition requires unan-
j imous consent, and if the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] opposes it, it
cannot of course be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The arrangement sug-
gested by the gentleman from Indiana requires
unanimous consent. The House gave permis-
sion that, waiving all prior orders, this question
should come up to-day after the reading of the
Journal. The privilege of continuing the sub-
ject from day to day was not granted.
. Mr. ORTH. It was my understanding that
the subject should be continued from day to
day until disposed of. I would ask what is
the record of the Journal upon this point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
what is the record on the subject.
Mr. ORTH. Certainly; let us have the rec-
ord.
The SPEAKER. The Journal clerk informs
the Chair that he was correct in stating this
special order was set down only for this day.
Mr. BANKS. Then, unless the previous
question is called it will not come up to-mor-
row.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is seconded, it will go over and come up after
the reading of the Journal to-morrow; but if
the previous question is not seconded it will
not come up to-morrow; because to-morrow,
being Friday, the morning hour will be de-
voted, under the rules, to the calling of com-
mittees for reports of a private nature, after
which the Chair would feel himself obliged to
recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] having charge of the appro-
priation bill. It will come up as unfinished
business on Tuesday next, after the morning
hour, subject, however, to motions to go into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. I dislike of course to inter-
fere with any matter which the gentleman
from Indiana has in charge; but as the com-
mittee on the one side and the other has been
heard atlength, I should like to inquire whether
the speeches of other gentlemen of the House,
after the committee has been represented so
ably and fully, will not be short.
Mr. ORTH. I think I can call the previous
question at half past one to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. I will acquiesce in the dis-
position of the majority of the House; but I
cannot help saying that for myself I prefer to-
morrow should be devoted to public business.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to sub-
mitting the proposition of the gentleman from-
Indiana to a majority vote; that is, that this
question be allowed to be debated till half
past one o'clock to-morrow, when the previous
question shall be called ?
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether he cannot let us have the
vote at half past one?
Mr. ORTH. I cannot consent to that, but
I will call the previous question at half past
one.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the effect.of the
consent of the House bind us to take a vote
alone on the proposition submitted by the
gentleman from Indiana?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not com-
prehend the gentleman's point.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What will be the effect
of granting the consent of the House; will it
be to require us to vote at once on the resolu-
tions at half past one to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's propo-
sition is to call the previous question at half
past one o'clock to-morrow, when, under the
rules, he will be entitled to one hour in which
to close the debate.
Mr. ORTH. I will state to the gentleman
from Wisconsin that I will yield to any mem-
ber who desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Immediately after the dis-
position of this matter will it be in
move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or must the morn-
ing hour intervene? •
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
. intervene.
