1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
can be enabled to cut timber off those lands
without bemg trespassers. I am well satisfied,
sir, that men of every party in Oregon, in
Washington, and in California will rejoice at
the passage of this bill. The interests of the
Government are carefully guarded, and the
best interests of the people of those States
and of that Territory will be promoted by its
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Townsend] for
a moment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I think the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] is mistaken in
saying that this bill has been approved by the
Committee on the Public Lands. As one of
that committee I have no recollection that it
ever was before us for consideration ; at all
events, I have no recollection of its being con-
sidered. It may have been before the com-
mittee during last session, but we have not
taken it into consideration; and if the bill
should pass the House to-day it must be on its
own merits, as members may approve and dis-
approve of it from having heard it read from
the Clerk's desk, and not from any presumed
indorsement of it by the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. HAWLEY. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] yield to me for two
minutes ?
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman
for that time.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to say, first, in
reference to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Boles] 
Mr. SftRGENT. That is withdrawn.
Mr. HAWLEY. I was about to make a
remark in reference to that amendment, sup-
posing that it was to be voted upon. But if it
is withdrawn, I wish to make a remark on the
statement of the. gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] with reference to the bill, that
it has been considered by the Committee on
the Public Lands. The bill was referred to the
•committee, I have no doubt, but we never con-
sidered it so far as I am aware. If it was
considered by the committee it must have been
at a time when I was not present. I noticed
in the reading of the bill that it was a long one.
I am not prepared to say that it not a good
one ; but some features about it struck me as
a little remarkable. If I understood it from
the reading, it provides, among other things,
that miners in any part of those States or
Territories which are embraced by the bill
may go upon those lands and take any amount
of timber.
Mr. SARGENT. The power given in the
portion of the bill referred to by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] is conferred by
the statute of 1864. We confer the same
power as is granted in that statute. I wish to
reserve the same rights to this industrious and
worthy class of citizens.
Mr. HAWLEY. That portion of the bill
struck me as peculiar.
Mr. SARGENT. So far as that is concerned
it merely extends the provisions of that statute
to these lands, which were then applied to
lands granted for railroad purposes. That
right is indispensable, unless mining is to be
suspended.
Mr. HAWLEY. I did not, however, rise
so much to speak about the bill as to speak
upon the amendment. I am sure the appli- .
cation of the amendment would have a vicious
effect.
Mr. SARGENT. Before I call the previous
question I desire to say just a word or two.
This is a bill to which I have given great
attention and the best care in my power. I
have desired to draw a bill that would relieve
a great public evil experienced on the Pacific
coast, and which at the same time would not
produce evils as great as that which we en-
deavored to remove. I think the bill cannot
leave room for speculation or the absorption
of lands in the hands of a few holders. Each
application must be accompanied by an oath
that the applicant has taken no other land
under the act, as in preemption cases. Care-
ful provision is made that no advantage shall
be taken of persons holding preemption, home-
stead, mining, or other lawful claims.
As to the history of the bill, I have to say
that it was introduced early in the last ses-
sion. Obtaining the floor on one occasion in
Committee of the Whole, I spoke one hour
on this subject, and I was careful that my
remarks on it should go to every member of
the Committee on the Public Lands. At the
close of last session I was informed that the
committee had so much pressing business, the
reporting of which would occupy their whole
time, that this could not be reached. But a
document was handed to me, signed by nearly
every member of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, consenting to the passage of the
bill if I could get it up. As, however, the
name of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] was not on the document, I thought
it idle to ask unanimous consent to have the
bill put on its passage without having his con-
currence, as the gentleman's judgment is so
much and so justly trusted in such matters.
Since then that gentleman has himself exam-
ined the bill, and, as he has stated to-day, he
believes that it is a good one, and that it would
remedy a great public evil. Considering it to
be a matter of much importance to remedy this
great evil which now exists, I have asked the
House to consider the bill to-day. I call the
previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from California if the provisions of this
bill will do anything toward stopping the de-
struction of the forests along that coast by fire ?
I find that miles and miles of most valuable
timber are every year destroyed in that way.
Although there is a great supply at present,
the time is not far distant when a scarcity of
timber will be a very serious drawback to
prosperity.
Mr. SARGENT. To prevent the destruc-
tion of timber by fire entirely is of course
impossible; but the wanton destruction by
men who have no ownership in it wilLbe very
much diminished when private individuals can
get possession of these lands by paying the Gov-
ernment therefor. I think the spirit of wanton
destruction of timber, which now ravages these
mountains, is as destructive as fire. There
are severe penalties imposed upon this bill
upon such operations hereafter; that is, the
penalties are to take effect at a sufficient time
hereafter to give the parties notice. And in
answer to the gentleman, specifically, I say
that the effect of this bill will be to check the
destruction of timber by fire, because the par-
ties who may purchase these lands will guard
their property as far as they can. I now move
the previous question on the bill.
Mr. DICKEY. Is it in order to move to
refer this bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. If the previous question shall
be voted down, and it will be in order, I widl
make that motion.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope that will not be
done. The bill has been very carefully con-
sidered, and I have tried to answer all objec-
tions.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 61, noes
14; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion. It will take but a
few minutes to dispose of this bill, and it is
very early.
Mr KELSEY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CALKIN. I renew it.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
28, noes 46.
Mr. CALKIN. 1 will not insist on my
motion, as the gentleman seems anxious to
pass the bill.
Tellers were ordered upon seconding the
previous question ; and Mr. Axtell and Mr.
Dickey were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ninety-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the amendments
were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed the bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend
an act entitled "An act to reduce the expenses
of the survey and sale of the public lands in the
United States," approved May 30, 1862, with
an amendment, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No 2536) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1829) granting pensions to certain soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows
of deceased soldiers.
printing of a bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that House bill No.
1450, the swamp-land bill, be printed with the
amendments. It was printed once, but the
edition is exhausted.
The motion was agreed to.
election contest shields vs. van horn.
On motion of Mr. CHURCHILL, the report
of the Committee of Elections in the election
contest of Shields vs. Van Horn, from the
State of Missouri, was recommitted to the
committee.
reconsideration.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills, &c., have been
referred and recommitted since the last mo-
tion to reconsider was made; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john d. hagerty.
Mr. BOYD. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads a joint resolution for the relief
of John E. Hagerty, of St. Louis, Missouri,
which it is very necessary should be passed
now.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, after which objections will be in order
to its consideration at this time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Postmaster General to readvertise for the
transportation of the mails in the city of St.
Louis, Missouri, now under contract with John
D. Hagerty, and to release him from his bond,
provided that new service under said adver-
tisement can be secured at a reasonable rate.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
