1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
that he offered to the Senator from New York,
so as to allow me to ask the consideration of
the Senate to a bill fixing the compensation
of the assistants in the Library? The increase
of labor thrown on the Librarian by the new
copyright law has made it necessary for him
to have increased assistance. The session is
near its close, and I wish the Senator would
allow me to call up that bill. It will occasion
110 debate.
Mr. COLE. I will yield in this one case
barely for a vote; but I hope no other Senator
will ask (he same courtesy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent, sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order, that
the Senate proceed to consider Senat9 bill
No. 1241.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1241) (o adjust and fix the compensation of
the assistants employed in the Library of Con-
gress was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the assistants employed in the office of
the Librarian of Congress shall receive the
following rates of compensation, commencing
with the 1st day of July, 1871: three assistant
librarians, at $2,500 each, two assistants, at
$1,800 each; one assistant, at $1,600; two
assistants, at §1,440 each ; three assistants, at
$1,200 each; two assistants, at $1,000 each;
one assistant, at $960.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. I insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' The Senator from
Nebraska has risen. He will state for what
object he rises. The Army appropriation bill
is before the Senate, but it is liable to be post-
poned by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will not
postpone it.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska has been recognized.
Mr. THAYER. I rose to make a motion
that the Army appropriation bill be laid aside
temporarily, for thepurposeof considering the
bill (II. R. No.906) to provide for the collec-
tion of debts due lrom southern railroad cor-
porations, and for other purposes. 1 think it
will take but a few minutes to dispose of it.
It is to collect money into the Treasury, not
to pay anything out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itrequireaunan-
imous consent to set aside the regular order
informally, but the Senate can by vote post-
pone it for the consideration of any other mat-
ter. Does the Senator from California object
to its being postponed informally ?
Mr. COLE. I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will
require a vote of the Senate to postpone it.
Air. THAYER. I move to postpone the
present and all other orders, with a view of
considering the bill to which I have referred.
If it gives rise to debate I will not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of ihe Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will not be done.
There are half a dozen appropriation hills yet
behind, and there is but very little time to con-
sider them. Senators must see the dilemma
in which we shall be placed in a very short
time. We have not yet reached the deficiency
bill, nor the miscellaneous bill, which cer-
tainly will consume a good deal of time, and
there are now before us the Army bill ; the
Navy bill, the fortification bill; and then there
is the river and harbor bill, which will come
in immediately afterward. I do not see how
Senators can vote under these circumstances
to postpone an appropriation bill.
Mr. THAYER. I will withdraw the motion
this morning, and request the Senate to aid
me in bringing up this bill to-morrow morn-
ing. It is to collect a large amount of money
into the Treasury. I have been pressed by
Senators from half a dozen southern States
who are interested in this matter and by dele-
gations from the House pf Representatives,
urging me to aid in bringing it up. I hope that
to-morrow morning the Senate will give me
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. ABBOTT. I rise for the purpose of
asking the Senator from California to allow
me to pass two or three bills reported by my-
self from the Committee on Military Affairs.
If there is any debate upon them I will not
press them.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from North Caro-
lina must see that I cannot consent to that. I
would oblige him if I could do so.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Senator will recollect
that I have but little time here to attend to
these matters which have been committed to
my care. If they are taken up and any debate
grows up upon them I will withdraw them.
Mr. COLE. After having refused my good
friend from Nebraska and others, of course I
could not consent to allow anything else to be
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent, and the Senator from California
objects.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make an appeal
to my friend from California to permit me to
call up a bill. My case is somewhat differ-
ent 
Mr. COLE. My friend from Indiana has
passed about a dozen bills this morning, five
times as many bills as any other Senator, and
I am astonished that he should make such a
request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects.
Mr. ABBOTT. I give notice that at some
time during the day, in some lull of the pro-°
ceedings, I shall endeavor to call up these bills
and have them passed.-
Mr. CORBETT. I give notice that I shall
endeavor to call up a bill in which the Sen-
ator for California is interested, to appoint
collectors for the ports of Wilmington and
Los Angeles, in the State of California. He
is unable to get up any bill for himself, and
this bill has been committed to my care. I
desire to call it up at some time when he will
give way for that purpose.
Mr. COLE. I cannot yield now.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California enters a general objection against
any-measure being taken up but the appropri-
ation bills.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am aware of that. I
have applied to him several times, and I shall
not do so again. His face is too hard for me.
[Laughter.] But 1 desire to say that to-mor-
row morning, if I live, I shall make an earn-
est appeal to the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 1287.
Tffe VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have given notice of a desire to call up a num-
ber of bills to-morrow morning.
Mr. SAWYER. It is with the greatest reluc-
tance that I rise to make a motion to postpone
the pending and all prior orders. I do it more
reluctantly from the fact that I wish to support
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, as I am a member of that committee, to
the extent of my power. But in behalf of a
measure which I think should be passed" at
this session of Congress, as a justification of
the honor of the American people, I move to
take up House joint resolution No. 518.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the title
of the resolution V
Mr. SAWYER. Ajoint resolution in regard
to the Panoche land grant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Armyappro-
priation bill being before the Senate, the Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to postpone
it and all other orders for the purpose of tak-
ing up the joint resolution indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Committee on
Appropriations do not stand by their own
bills, then their bills become a nuisance, stand-
ing in the way of everything else.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from South
Carolina will not press that motion. .
Mr. SAWYER. I insist on the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. THURMAN. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, no; do not waste
time. Let ns try a division first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio insist on the demand for the yeas
and nays ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
The yeas aiul nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order to
amend that motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not.
By the usages of the Senate it must stand
independently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the motion
divided, and that the question first be taken
upon postponing the Army bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont, demands a division of the motion,
and the first question will be on postponing
the Army appropriation bill and all other
orders; and then, if that should be agreed to,
the question would be on the remainder of the
motion, to take up the joint resolution named
by the Senator from South Carolina.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, denton, Flana-
gan, Harris,Hill, McDonald, Pool, Rice, Robertson,
Boss, Sawyer, and Tipton—13.
N AYS—Messrs. Ames,Anthony, Bayard. Bore man,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, llamtin, Har-
lan, Howe, Johnston, McCreery, Milier, Morrill of
Vermont, Wye. Osborn, Pouieroy, Pratt, Bevels,
Saul&bury, Scott, Sherman, Spencer. Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter. Oattell, Cra-
gin, Ferry, Fowler. Howard, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine,Morton,Patterson,Rainscy.Sehurz,
Sprague, Stearns, Suinner, Thayer, and Yates—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 315) relating to balances of appro-
priations for the Library and Botanic Garden.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H-. R. No. 2524) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes
of Massachusetts, Mr. Calwalader C. Wash-
burn of Wisconsin, and Mr. Wilijam E. Nib-
lack of Indiana, managers at the same on
its part.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the.bill (H. ii. No. 2615) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Aaron- A.
Sargent of California, Mr. James B. Beck
tof Kentucky, and Mr. Sidney Clarke of Kan-
sas, managers at the same on'its part.
The message likewise announced that the
House liad agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. Nn. 1019) to restore Robert
Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy of the
UnitedStat.es: and
A bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend an act
