THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
Mr. ORTH. It will make a difference of
only half an hoar.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I object if
it outs oufc the morning hoar.
The SPEAKER. The. morning hour will
begin after this lias,been disposed of.
Mr. QRl'H. It simply postpones the morn-
ing hour.
Tiiere was no objection, and it was agreed
that the. previous- question should b© called
to-morrow-at, half past oae o'clock.
Mr. SARGENT. I take the floor; but, as I
pro nuked, I yield to the gentleman from Mary-
land to introduce a bill.
joseph owens.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EE. II. No..2619) granting a pen-
sion to Joseph Owens, a soldier of the war of
1812; which' was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and War of 1812.
dominica.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce the following
resolution, calling for information:
Hesolved, That the President be. and ig hereby,
requested, if not incompatible with the public ser-
vice. to furnish for the information of this House the
report of John Hogan. United States commissioner
upon the resources and condition of the Dominican
republic, made to the State Department in tho ad-
ministration ot President Polk; also the report of
Oaptam George B. McClellan upon the same subject,
made during the administration of President Pierce.
Mr. WOOD. I shall not object to this reso-
lution, provided the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will exer-
cise his influence with the President to have
immediately sent down the information asked
for by the Senate's resolution. We want all
the information we can get on the subject be-
fore we take action oil it.
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. Anything
which it is in my power to do for my friend
from New York [Mr.' Wood! I cheerfully will
do.
The resolution was agreed to.
railroad and telegraph corporations.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
daced a bill (H. R. No. 2620) to authorize the
organization of corporations by general law
for the construction, maintenance, and oper-
ation of railway and telegraph lines from the
seat of Government to other places in the
States and Territories of the United States;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to tlie Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
harvey d. scott.
Mr. NIBLACIC, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2620) for the relief of Harvey D. Scott, of
Indiana; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. NIBLACH, The bill is simply to cor-
rect an error in an appropriation bill of-last I
session, and I ask that it be put upon its ®
passage now.
The bill, which was read-, states in its pre-
amble that there is due from the Government
of the United States to Harvey D. Seott the
sum of 5,434 40'for his per diem and mileage
as commissioner for the examination of the
first ten miles of the Minnesota Valley railroad
hi 18bo, under the appointment of the Secre-
tary of the Interior ; that by the first section
of an act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes," approved July 15. 1870,
the sum of money aforesaid was appropriated
to pay said per diem and mileage, but there
was a mistake in describing the said examina-
tion of said railroad as having taken place in
the year 186(5. The bill therefore provides that
so much of the act above recited as describes
the said examination of the first ten miles of
the said Minnesota Valley railroad by the said
Harvey D. Scott, as having been made in 1866,
be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to
refer to said examination so made by him in
the year 1865, and the appropriation therein
made shall be construed to apply to said last-
mentioned examination.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is that reported from a
committee ?
Mr. NIBLACIC. Yes ; from the Committee
on Appropriations. It is simply to correct an
error; and there can be no objection to it.
Tberc'boingno objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles cooper and others.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the Hoqse bill No.
1395, entitled ''An act for the relief of Charles
Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley,
William Hannegan, and John Ilannegan," re-
turned by the President without his approval,
with the President's message returning it, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
from which the bill originally came.
There was no objection; and the bill and
message were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
general robert 0. schenck.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
we have to-day heard read at the Clerk's desk
the resignation of one of the ablest and most
distinguished members of this House. He
leaves us to enter upon a most honorable and
responsible public duty. He bears in his right
arm an honorable proof of his services to his
country in the late war; but while an honor it
is a partial disability, and I am sure his late
associates in this House will be glad to do
what is proposed in the joint resolution which
I now ask unanimous consent to put upon its
passage.
There was no objection'; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 440) providing for a tem-
porary increase of the salary- of the United
States minister near the Government of Great
Britain was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that there be
allowed and paid to Robert C. Schenck, dur-
ing the time he may serve as the Minister of
the United States near the Government of
Great Britain, the additional sum of $2,500
per annum, to enable him to employ a private
amanuensis, on account of the partial disabil-
ity of his right hand from wounds received in
battle.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
to modify the title, so as- to make it read "to
enable Robert C. Schenck to employ a private
amanuensis."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I accept the
suggestion.
The title of the joint resolution was modified
as suggested.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
^ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid oh the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peter hogelman.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2621) for the relief
ot Peter Hogelman, of Bucks county, Penn-
sylvania ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
geoboe, h. sasies. •
Mr. TAYLOR also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2622) for the
relief of George H. Sames, of Bucks county,
Pennsylvania ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
william briscli.
Mr. TAYLOR also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2623) for the
relief of William Briseh, of Bucks county,
Pennsylvania : which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill (H.
R. No. 2209) to carry into effect the decree of
the circuit court of the United States for the
southern district of New York in the case of
the schooner L. S. Davis and her cargo; when
the Speaker signed the same.
washington aqueduct.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
to the House a report of the chief of engineers
upon the Washington aqueduct; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
alterations of a bill.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a, letter from the Secretary ot the Treasury,
suggesting alterations in House bill No. 2486,
and inclosing a copy of such alterations; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
clerks and employes of the house.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, transmitting to the House a list of
clerks and others employed in his department
for the year 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
internal revenue report.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of t!io Treasury,
transmitting to the House the report of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for the
fiscal year ending June 80, 1870; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
public buildings in the district.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting to the House inventories and ac-
counts of the property of the United States in
public buildings and grounds in the Distiictof
Columbia under the control of the Treasury
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
leaye op absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr.
Packer for two days.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr.. B'erry.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Jokes
of Kentucky, till the 11th instant.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
c °n invalid Pensions of the papers
ot Mrs. lit. Hooe, relative to application for a
pension.
On motion of Mr. PETERS, leave was
^ranted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the cases of Eli Whit-
ten and Daniel Morse, prayiDg for pensions.
land grant to washington territory.
_ Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (fl. R. No.
2624) to grant land to Washington Territory
to aid m the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line in said Territory ; which was
reait a first and second time,'referred to the
