1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
rio grande bridge company.
Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2G25) incorporating
the Rio Grande Bridge Company, in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, and granting lands to aid
in the construction of bridges across the Rio
Grande in said Territory; which was read a
first, and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Sargent] who is entitled to the floor
yields to me, and I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of George
W. Henry, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Captain Henry C. Dunn,
asking pay for two horses lost in the service
of the United States.
By Mr. BOCK: A memorial of citizens of
Alabama, setting forth that navigation of the
Alabama and Tombigbee rivers is seriously
obstructed by railroad bridges built and now
building, and asking the attention of Congress
to the same, with accompanying affidavits.
By Mr. CESSNA: The memorial of Daniel
B. Zimmerman, of Somerset, Pennsylvania,
late of the ninety-third regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, asking relief.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petitions
of P. S. Barziza, jr., of Port Bend county;
of George H. Wilson, of Harris county ; of
W. W. Frost, of Navarro county ; and of A.
B. Trowell, of Galveston county, Texas, for
removal of political disabilities.
Also, a petition of citizens of Texas, asking
that Sabine Pass be made a port of entry.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Ann Grif-
fith,'widow of William Griffith, deceased, ljite
private company H, fourth United States in-
fantry, praying the passage of a special act
granting her a pension.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Martha B.
Williams, of Indiana, asking for a pension.
By Mr. SHAFER: A memorial from the
Legislative Assembly of the Territoryof Idaho,
praying Congress for an appropriation to mark
and define the boundary line between Idaho
and Utah.
Also, a memorial from the Legislative Assem-
bly of the same Territory, praying Congress to
extend the term of the biennial session of
said Assembly for twenty days.^
By Mr. STONE: The petition of Joseph
Owens, a soldier of the war of 1812, asking for
a pension.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial ofMar-
maduke Smith, for a pension.^
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Levison &
B'ythe, Cast.well & Short, and others, of St.
Louis, Missouri, in regard to manufacturing
envelopes.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 6, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Kev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
improved.
california and arizona railroad.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition from citizens of California, in
relation to railroad communication with Ari-
zona: which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
sabine pass, texas.
Mr. WHITMORE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2627) to create
an additional collection district in the State
of Texas, and to make the city of Sabine Pass
a port of entry; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
HECHES AND ANGELINA RIVERS, TEXAS.
Mr. WHITMOEE, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a joint resolution (H. R. £?o.
441) relating to the survey of the Neches and
Angelina rivers, in Texas; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PARAGUAY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
upon the memorial of Porter C. Bliss and
George F. Masterman, in relation to their im-
prisonment in Paraguay by the president of
that republic, and subsequently on the United
States gun-boat Wasp and the flag-ship Guer-
riere.ofthe South Atlantic squadron, by United
States officers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to give
notice that at the hour of half past one to-day,
whoever may be upon the floor on the Para-
guayan resolutions, he will feel it his duty to
recognize the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Orth,] under the arrangement made yesterday
to call the previous question. The gentleman
from California [Mr. Sakoext] is now entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I doubt if
many more important subjects than the one
now under consideration will be brought before
Congress at this session, or at any session.
The question of the rights of our ministers
abroad, and of the duties toward them of those
who are in the local control of the navies, and
the dignity of the United States, are involved
in this proposition, and require careful and
earnest consideration.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swank]
asserts that there is an attack upon the Navy
of the United States, and that he stands upon
this floor to defend the Navy, and that we who
agree with the majority of the committee, and
the majority of the committee themselves in
reporting these resolutions, are taking action
for the purpose of assailing and defaming the
Navy, or at any rate that that is the legitimate
result of our proposed action. Sir, I deny that
such is either the intent or the effect of our
action here.
Let me remind the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Swann] and this House that the Navy
has not had upon this floor during the present
Congress a more consistent and earnest sup-
porter than myself. On every occasion where
its interests or its dignity were involved, upon
questions of propriety or of appropriation, 1
have stood by the Navy, defending it and in-
sisting that it should be maintained in a man-
ner consistent with the strength and dignity of
the United States ; and I do not yield in this
respect to the gentleman from Maryland, espe-
cially as I remember no occasion during these
debates when he rose to say one word tor the
Navy, to ask that adequate means might be put
in the hands of the chief ot the Navy Depart-
ment in order that it might preserve its effi-
ciency, or to defend it from the frequent attacks
from his own side of the Chamber or those
coming from this.
Mr. SWANN. "Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. SARGENT. I have inadequate time,
but I will yield for a moment.
Mr. SWANN. I only wish to say that my
remaiks applied to the memorial ol Bliss and
Masterman.
Mr. SAllGENT. I will allude to that when
[ reach that portion of my argument—whether
the memorial of Bliss and Masterman is an
attack upon the Navy, or simply a correct and
truthful representation ol the indignities com-
mitted by high officers of the American Navy,
in disregard of their duty and of the? traditions
of the service, upon persons connected with
theAmericanlegation,to whom they should, ©a
the contrary, have extended aid and comfort:
Nor do I agree with the gentleman from
Maryland that the best disposition of the whole
matter is to lay it on the table. He says that
ill-feeling has been engendered, and it may
be increased, between a high officer of the
United States, Minister Washburn, and certain
high officers of the Navy; and that, to avoid
this unpleasantness, Congress should close its
ears to any complaint that might be made by
laying the whole subject on the table. Sir, no
criminal ever yet was accused who would not
be willing that the same course should be pur-
sued in his own case. I think we have an
eminent instance where certain military author-
ities were requested not to perform certain acts
lest they might "irritate the President." I
am not afraid of these irritations. I believe
that if the dignity of the flag has not been prop-
erly upheld; if our ministers have been placed
at a disadvantage; if in any instances high offi-
cers of the Government, naval or military, neg-
lecting the interests of the United States, have
allowed any one to fail in receiving the pro-
tection of the flag which was his due, it is the
duty of Congress to investigate rigidly such a
case, and, instead of laying the mattor on the
table, to pass its judgment justly upon it, and
condemn where condemnation is due, whether
unpleasant or pleasant feelings might arise
from the proceedings.
Now, sir, I take part in this discussion partly
because I am strongly impressed with the im-
portance of these considerations, but in great
part because the gentleman largely interested
in the investigation, Mr. Washburn, was for a
long time an honored citizen of my own State,
and was originally appointed from California
as minister to Paraguay. I know his character
in that community ; I know the estimation in
which he is held by our citizens; and perhaps
this could not be better illustrated than by the
reception which he recently had in San Fran-
cisco, both public and private, from our citi-
zens, testifying to the high regard which they
felt for his character as a man, and their confi-
dence that he had discharged his duty as a
public officer.
With these motives I read all the testimony
in the case with care and interest, desiring to
know whether Mr. Washburn's integrity or
courage had been spotted, as is implied by the
gentleman from Maryland ; whether ho had
been derelict in the duty placed in his hands
by the Government of the United States ; and
I must say that I am entirely unable to agree
with the gentleman that Mr. Washburn failed
in any respect to extend the protection which
he should have extended, or failed in discre-
tion or courage in the performance of the very
trying duties intrusted to him.
It would require the pen of a philosophic
historian to trace the causes which led to that
condition of public sentiment in Paraguay
which rendered it possible for a monster like
Lopez to have an existence. I have but a
moment or two to glance at the causes of the
great subjection of all will, all impulse, the
utter fear of the people of Paraguay with re-
gard to this monster in human shape. There
are causes even back of the dictatorship of
Francia loading to such education of the peo-
ple as prepared them for a tyranny of any kind
which might come upon them ; but the long,
dark, and dreary control of Dr. Francia over
the Paraguayan nation, when there prevailed
a system of espionage never before equaled in
the history of the world, and a system of cold-
blooded cruelty, for the purpose of repressing
every natural emotion and to crush down tho
people to one dead level of ignorance and su >-
iection, led to the final consummation, which
exhibited a people without courage except
that displayed in the face oi_the enemy, a
people without power to protect itself from any
