1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
entitled "An act to reduce the expenses of the
survey and Bale of the public lands in the
United States," approved May 30, 18S2.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following concurrent resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen ate
concurring.) That there be printed of the annual
leport of the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1870
two hundred and iorty-flve thousand extra copies,
two hundred thousand of which shall bo for the use
of the ilouso, twenty thousand for the use of the
Senate, and twenty-five thousand for distribution
by the Commissioner of Agriculture..
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (theSenate
concurring.) That there be printed seven thousand
five hundred copies of the euloaies pronounced in
the House and Senate upon the death of Hon. John
Covnde, of which five thousand shall be for the use
of the House and two thousand five hundred for the
use of the Senate.
presidential approval.
A message from the Presidentof the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on thisday,
approved and signed the act (S. No. 716) to
provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2615) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives; and,
On motion by Mr. COLE,
Resolved, That tlie Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House ot
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
bv the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Stockton.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to eonsideruts amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2524) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives ; aud,
On motion by Mr. COLE,
Resohed. That the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House ou the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Oidered. That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sawyer, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Bayard.
fort leavenworth depot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, which, being brief, will be reported
in full.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
The Secretary of War has the honor to report to
the Senate of the "United States, in answer to the
resolution of February 27,1871, that certain recom-
mcndations of the commander of the department ot
the Missouri, for the enlargement ot the military
depot at Fort Leavenworth, have already been sub-
mitted to the Senate in answer to its resolution oi
February 9,1871, and it remains only for the Secre-
tary of War tostate that the military interests ot the
United States could not fail to be greatly promoted
and the military expenditures in iuturegreatly econ-
omized by the proposed enlargement and improve-
ment of tho'tnilitary establishment at Fort jj'iaven-
worth, and for these reasons, concurring with tlie
department commander and the General of the
Army, a grant of the necessary appropriation is
strongly recommended.
W. W. BELKNAP.
Secretary oj War.
ff.iit Dkpartment, February 28,1871.
The letter was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
amendments to appropriation! bills.
Mr. POME ROY and Mr. VICKERS sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the hill (H. R. No. 3064) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE and Mr. OSBORN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. I{. No. 3036) making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
akmy appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2816)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill,and the amendments reported
by the Committee on Appropriations will be
considered as they are reached in the text of
the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 4, after line
eighty-two, to strike out the following clause :
Eor laying pipe for supply of pure water to Gov-
ernor's Island, in the harbor of New York, and for
purchase of necessary pipe. 820,000, if, in the judg-
ment of the Secretary of War. the expenditure is
advisable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
eighty-eight, to reduce from $450,000 to
$400,000 the appropriation "for purchase of
horses for the cavalry and artillery, and for
Indian scouts."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, lines
one hundred and seventeen and one hundred
and eighteen, to reduce from $1,000,000 to
$750,000 the appropriation " for hire of quar-
ters for officers on military duty, hire of quar-
ters for troops, of store houses for the safe-
keeping of military stores, and of grounds for
summer cantonments; for the construction of
temporary huts, hospitals, and stables; and
for repairing public buildings at established
posts."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred- and twenty-six, to reduce from
$250,000 to $200,000 the appropriation " for
establishing and maintaining national ceme-
teries."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, line
one hundred and forty-four, after the word
"equipage" to strike out the words "and
adapting it for the new system approved by
the Secretary of War, fifteen," and to insert
"ten:" so that the clause will read, "for
repairs and preservation of bridge equipage,
$10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, lines
one hundred and sixty-seven and one hundred
and sixty eight, to increase the appropriation
" for manufacture of arms at the national
armory " from $150,000 to $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the amendments of the Committee on Appro-
^Mr^HARLAN. I offer the foilowingamend-
ment as additional sections to the bill.
That the Secretary of War be. and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to negotiate with a respons-
ible party to build and operatea. telegraph lint from
Yankton, Dakota Territory, to Fort Randall, Da-
kota and thence to Fort Sully, if. in the opinion of
the. Secretary of War, the public service demands
constructing the* "same"the'i"um~of SS.tko; and upon
the completion of the whole line lie shall pay, as
aforesaid, the &um of eighty dollars per mile for any
number of miles the same may extend over the num-
ber of even hundreds: Provided; That the money
so paid shall be refunded to the United States in the
use of said telegraph line, at rates not higher than
charged private individuals, nor higher than may.
in the opinion of said Secretary, be just: Provided
aUos That when the money advanced by the said
Secretary of War shsilj be refunded as above pro-
vided, the United States shall have no title to, nor
lien upon, said line, but may at all times use the
same for public purposes at such rates as may be
just.
Sec. —. That an amount necessary to enable the
Secretary of War to carry into effcct the provisions?
of the foregoing section is hereby appropriated oat
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. COLE. That is legislation upon an
appropriation bill, to which there has been so
much objection from all parts of the Chamber
on former bills, and I do most earnestly object
to it on that account. I think this proposition
has no proper place on an appropriation bill.
I therefore move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. HARLA.N. I hope the Senator will not
make that motion now.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr. Harlan.) Do not
press the amendment; let us pass these bills.
Mr. HARLAN. It will not take more than
a few minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will take an hour to
explain it and oppose it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Iowa claims the floor, as he remained
standing while the amendment was being read,
he will be entitled to be heard on the amend-
ment. The Chair supposed that the Senator
from California rose to a question of order,
and for that reason recognized him.
Mr. COLE. I cannot make that point be-
cause the amendment was before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And is reported
by a committee of the Senate?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa is eijtitled to the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not only recommended,
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, but has
been before the Committee on Military Affairs
in the form of a bill, and reported back favor-
ably by that committee, after having consulted
with the War Department, and I have on my
desk a copy of a letter from the Secretary of
War strongly recommending it, and also a letter
from tlie Secretary of the Interior recommend-
ing it. The military posts on the upper Mis-
souri river and the Indian agencies are iso-
lated. There is no telegraphy line connecting
them with the other telegraph lines of the coun-
try. The cost of this line, as estimated by
the War Depar ment, would be something over
two hundred dollars a mile in that part-of the
country. This amendment proposes to make
an advance of eighty dollars a mile if the Secre-
tary shall be able to make such a contract, and
if ill his opinion the public interest requires it.
There is nothing imperative in it, it in the
opinion of the Secretary it shonld not be re-
quired by the public service. Ihe amount of
money proposed is small, and the advantage
to be derived from the establishment of this
line would be very great. I am quitesure that
if the members of the Senate understood all
the facts in the case there would hardly be a
dissenting voice to the adoption of the amend-
ment. .
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to say that
I have had my attention called to the'merits
of this proposition, and I aui satisfied that it
is an important one.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. What is the entire amount
of the appropriation ? How much money does
it involve? . . .
Mr. WILSON. About thirty-six or thirty-
eight thousand dollars. ...
Mr. HARLAN. That is, provided they build
the entire length.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
if the Government has ever engaged in the
building of telegraphs ?
