1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
tion (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of John D.
Hagerty, of St. Louis, Missouri, was received
and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed acd read a third time; and being
engrossed, it M(as accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOYD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dakota railroad.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill of the Senate (No. 566) making a
grant of land for the construction of a railroad
in the Territory of Dakota be printed for the
use of the House.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifteen miuutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CALKIN : A memorial of citizens
of New York and Brooklyn, asking Congress
to make an appropriation to the American
Printing House, &c., for the Blind.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of John
K. Post and others, citizens of Oswego, New
York, for the passage of the bill to secure
cheap transportation of breadstuff's and pro-
visions at all seasons of the year.
By Mr. COX: The petition of George D.
Walker and others, inventors, &c., of New
York city, for the continued publication of
Patent Office reports.
By Mr. JULIAN: A memorial of the New
York Reform League, asking Congress to
authorize the appointment of a commission
of inquiry by the President, to visit the south-
ern States to investigate the actual condition
and needs of the freed people and the land-
less poor of the South; and also to report
as to the prevailing spirit aud conduct of the
hitherto rebellious white citizens, &c.
By Mr. MAYNARD: A petition of 41 citi-
zens of Tazewell, Tennessee, asking Congress
to grant arrears of pension to Sarah Johnson,
widow of William Johnson, a soldier of the
second Tennessee volunteers.
By Mr. PACKARD : A petition of the Gov-
ernor and all the members of the Legislature
of Indiana, asking an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor of refuge at Michigan
City, Indiana.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 18, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
was read and approved.
territorial laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate laws and resolutions passed by the sixth
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Idaho,
commencing on the 5th day of December, 1870,
and ending on the 13th day of January, 1871,
at Boise City; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
disposition op military reservations.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 669) to provide for
the disposition of useless military reservations.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of
those amendments to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of
soldiers of Fillmore county, Minnesota, pray-
ing that one hundred and sixty acres of land
be granted to all soldiers disabled in the late
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the extension
of the grant of lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from St. Croix river or lake to
Superior and Bayfield; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition
of James L. Henry, praying remuneration for
the use by the United States of his patented
cannon projectiles; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of the
executive committee of assistant marshals of
the eastern district of New York, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill to increase
the pay of certain assistant marshals for taking
the ninth census, based on the principle of a
per diem compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the administrator of the estate of the late Israel
Thorndike, asking for the passage of a bill for
the payment of French claims assumed by the
United States. Mr. Thorndike, in his day,
was one of the first merchants, if not the first
merchant, of the United States, and his admin-
istrator sets forth the large number of vessels
belonging to him which were seized by the
French, and for which the United States have
received compensation. He asks to have the
value of those vessels paid. As there is a bill
on the subject now on the Calendar, I move
that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
T. F. Samuel, of Tuscaloosa county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of John
H. Halley, of Newton, Illinois, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the"petition of
John P. Pierce, of New Kent county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. THURMAN. I present a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of Ohio, request-
ing the Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress of that State to oppose all further grants
of the public lands to railroads or other cor-
porations. I ask that it be read, laid on the
table, and printed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution requesting our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress to oppose all lurtuer
grants of the public lands to railroad or other
corporations.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Ohio, That land monopoly is one of the .greatest
evils of our country, and against the spirit of our
institutions; and especially it is impolitic to place
large tracts of the public domain under the control
of railroad or other corporations:
1. Because it destroy!, in effect, the benetits ot
the homestead law, driving those who would avail
themselves of its beneficent provisions away from
the lines of travel into the wilderness.
2. It gives undue power to such corporations,
enabling them to oppress the laboring and pro-
ducing classes of our people, and prevent or retard
the settlement and cultivation of pubhe lands.
3. If the policy of Congress, inaugurated as tar
back m the history of the Government as the loca-
tion and construction of the Illinois Central rail-
road, aud continued through all Administrations
down to the present, is not changed, the public
lands, which are the property of the people, will
nearly all be under the control of mammoth corpor-
ations. which are already too powerful, and may
become a source of danger to a free people.
Jietolved, That the grunts of public lands to cor-
porations ousht -to be discontinued* aud the whole
of such lands ought to bo hold us n tiered trust to
secure for actual settlers, and ior uo
other purpose, and that our Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress be requested to oppose all further
grants of public lands to railroads or other private
corporations, as indicated in the last annual message
of President Grant to Congress, and that the same is
hereby commended and indorsed.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of these resolutions to each of our Sen-
ators and Representatives in the Congress of tho
United States, and to the President.
A. J. CUNNINGHAM.
Speaker of the House of Repreientatives,
SAMUEL F. HUNT,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
Adopted February©, 1871.
" The State of Ohio,
Office of the Skcketaky of State.
I, Isaac It. Sherwood, secretary of the State of
Ohio, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true
copy of a resolution therein named, adopted by the
General Assembly of the State of Ohio on tho 6t,h
of February, A. D. 1871, taken from the original rolls
on file in this office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
, i my name and affixed the seal of this office, at
' o.J Columbus, tho 7th day of February, A. D. 1871.
ISAAC R. SHERWOOD,
Secretary of Slate.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The matter is
not debatable unless the Senator from Ohio
withdraws his motion.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make a
single remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to lay the resolution ou the table.
It is not debatable unless he withdraws that
motion. The resolution will be laid on the
table, and printed.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Florida, asking that a certain
mail route be established in Georgia and Flor-
ida ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Jacksonville, Florida, asking the passage of
an act creating the State of Florida an inspec-
tion district, entitled to a local board of in-
spectors of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, the board to be located at the
port of Jacksonville; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a memorial
agreed upon at a meeting of citizens of Cov-
ington, Kentucky, assembled in mass meeting,
praying Congress to pass the bill introduced
by myself the other day, to authorize the Cin-
cinnati Southern Railroad Company to con-
struct a railroad in the State of Kentucky.
They represent that the feeling of a large por-
tion of the citizens of Kentucky has been greatly
outraged by the refusal of the senate of that
State to grant the requisite authority, and they
pray that Congress may assert its right, under
the general power to regulate commerce among
the States, to authorize the construction of a
railroad from the northern to the southern
States, a prayer in which I heartily concur.
I think if the question could ever be presented
of the necessity of such a power on the part
of Congress it is presented in this case, where
a single State undertakes, by the vote of one
branch of the Legislature, to prevent the
people of the southern States and northern
States from having free railroad communica-
tion. I move that this memorial be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of cit-
izens of Meudon, Rutland county, Vermont,
and a petition of citizens of Chittenden, Rat-
land county, Vermont, praying the passage of
the bill to secure the cheap transportation of
breadstuffs from the West to the sea-board at
uniform rates throughout the year; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. .
He also presented a petition of citizens ot
Rutland, in the county of Rutland, Vermont,
in favor of the passage of Senate bill No. 1227,
to secure cheap transportation of breadstuffs
and provisions from the West to the sea-board
at uniform rates throughout the year; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
