1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February .28,
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes*, during the war
they were built everywhere by the War Depart-
ment for military purposes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And this is intended for
military purposes?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly it Is ; for the mili-
tary service and for . the use of the Interior
Department-
Mr. MORTON. I will simply say that from
the examination I gave it, 1 ain satisfied it
would, be important for the Government to
build this telegraph line if it had to build it
entirely atirsown expense. But it now has the
opportunity of getting the line by only paying
a part of the expense.
Mr. HAMLIN. And to be reimbursed by
the use of the line.
Mr. MORTON. And for that part, to be
reimbursed by the use of the line. I think the
amendment is entirely meritorious.
Mr. COLE. There is no knowing how long
the use of the line would be required to reim-
burse the Government for this expense. I
have no doubt it is desirable to erect tele-
graphic wires on many lines over which the
Army necessarily communicates. Iknow there
has been a proposition to erect them from San
Diego to Fort Yuma, one hundred and fifty
miles, and no doubt similar lines have been
proposed r but T think we ought not to enter
on the consideration of that subject on this
bill. I therefore renew the motion to lay the
amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the amendment be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 27, noes 14.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, consisting of two or three sections, to
the bill, which 1 am sure nobody will oppose:
Sec. —. That so much of section twenly of tho act
approved July 15,1370, entitled " Ah act making ap-
propriations for the supportot'thc Army fortheyear
ending June 30. 1871, and for other purposes," as
requires (be system of general regulations tor the
Array therein authorized to be roported to Congress
at its next session, and approved by that body, be,
and the yamc is hereby, repealed, and the regula-
tions piepared by the Secretary of War under said
section shall, whon approved by the President, be
in force and obeyed until altered or revoked by the
same authority, or by act of Congress.
Skc. —. That the cemeteries now appropriated,
used, or occupied for the burial of ihe soldiers of the
Army of the United States who died during the war
for (he suppression of the rebellion are declared to
bo the property of tho United States for the purposes
aforesaid, and that the same shall bo forever in-
alienable.
Sec. —. That said cemeteries shall be forever free
and exempt Iroin any State or municipal taxation
or assessment, and shall be controlled by such rules
and regulations as may be prescribed by tho Secre-
tary of War.
Skc.—. That the board of managers of the National
Asylum- fur Disabled Volunteer Soldiers be, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed to extend the
benefits and provisions of the act approved March
21, 1866, establishing the said Nation-il Asylum, to
the disabled volunteer soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812 and of the Mexican war.
Skc.—. That the body of anyone who served as
an officer or a soldier of any one of the armies of
the United States during the war for the suppression
of the rebellion, and was honouably discharged from
such service, who may hereafter die, may be buried,
or any member of the family of such ofiicerorsoldier
may be buried, in any one of the national cemeteries
established by acts of Congress, under such rules
and regulations as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War: Provided, That this, act shall not be
so construed as to authorize any additional expense
therefor on the part of the Government of the United
States.
I do not wish to take a moment's time. I
will say that these provisions, with the excep-
tion of the first, passed the House, and we
reported the bills here, but could not get them
up. They will cost no money, ami they are
important provisions, and I hope will be per-
mitted to go on the bill.
Air. COLE. I understand the Senator to say
that there is no appropriation in this amend-
ment. Then it has no place on an appropri-
ation bill. I hope he will not insist on it going
upon this appropriation bill. It is legislation,
pure and simple, clear and distinct. I move
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have another amendment
which has an appropriation in it. [Laughter.]
It is to insert the following :
For making and testing a sea-coast rifle-gun, to be
made upon a plan which has been recommended by
a board of Army officers, and approved by the chief
of ordnance and theSecretary of War, $200,000, orso
much thereof as may be necessary for the purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order ? Where
does it come from?
Mr. WILSON. It is reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and has been sent
to the Committee on Appropriations. I wish
to say in regard to this item that it was sent to
the House of Representatives with a recom-
mendation of General Dyer, chief of the ord-
nance department; but it came too late to be
put into the bill, and the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations of the House
sent it to me for the purpose of having it put
in here. I introduced it here and had it sent
to our Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not reported from
any committee.
Mr. WILSON. Yes; the Committee on
Military AS'airs have agreed to report it, and
it was sent to the Committee on Appropria-
tions to go on another bill; not on this bill.
Mr._EDMUNDS. What bill? Was it not
the miscellaneous bill ?
Mr. WILSON. The miscellaneous bill; but
I think this a fitting bill for it, and I hope it
will be permitted to go on the bill, because it
is absolutely necessary that it shall be passed
at this session. Everybody linows,everybody
admits, and everybody is ashamed of the fact,
that the guns used in our service are not what
they should be, are behind those of all the lead-
ing nations of the world. The bureau think a
discovery has been made by which, if this appro-
priation be granted, we can make in this coun-
try guns equal, if not superior, to those made
in any country in the world. They recommend
this appropriation, and it would have come to
us in the bill from the other House, I have no
doubt, had the estimate been received there
in season.
Mr. COLE. I rather think this item ought
not to go on this bill. It is a subject that has
not been very fully considered, and the propo-
sition is a very indefinite sort of one. There
is 110 particular kind of gun designated. I
think there is enough appropriated in the bill
already, perhaps, for that exact purpose to
meet the same emergency. There are appro-
priations for the ordnance department, and I
have no doubt they will cover this item. It
does not appear in the estimates of the Depart-
ment, and that of itself ought to be a sufficient
objection to it. It looks like a second thought
or an after-thought, and it ought not to be put
on this bill. We are very loath to load down
this bill by any such matters.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that Gen-
eral Dyer did send to the House of Represent-
atives an estimate for it, with a strong letter
recommending it, but the chairman of the
committee there received it too late to put it
in the bill, and he sent it to me here with the
request that it be inserted by the Senate. The
Committee on Military Affairs agreed to it,
and it was presented and notice given of it to
be moved upon another bill, not upon this,
one of the other appropriation bills; but it is
appropriate here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts, what is to be done with
this gun when it is made?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that it is generally understood that most of our
large guns are unfit for service, that they burn ;
but a discovery has been made by which a gun
can be made in a new form, that is said ta be
superior to anything in the world, and the
Department believe it. General Dyer recom-
mends this appropriation of" $200,000 for the
purpose of making such a gun or such guns.
Mr. COLE. I have a very high regard
for General Dyer, the head of the ordnance
bureau ; I have no doubt of his skill and abil-
ity; but an appropriation of this kind ought
to be recommended by the head of the War
Department. Under the rules I think the
recommendation of a head of a bureau is not
sufficient to be accepted. I move that the
amendment lie on the table.
Mr. BLAIR. I should like to be allowed
to say a word on this matter.
Mr. COLE. Very well; I withdraw the
motion for the.present.
Mr. BLAIR. I think it is eminently proper
to adopt this amendment, which has been
offered by the head of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs ; and it is more appropriate that
the recommendation should come from Gen-
eral Dyer than anybody else, as he knows a
great deal more about the subject than any
other person connected with the Government.
I should think that his recommendation would
carry more weight with the Senate and with
the country than that of any other officer in
the Government, as he is at the head of that
department and probably understands the sub-
ject better than any one else. In addition to
that, I believe it is a measure of economy to
ascertain the best gun for the service and the
best projectile; not to go on making, at an
enormous expense, guns which may turn out
to be useless. I hope that the amendment will
prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and all the other belligerent gentle-
men in this body to the fact that we have given
the ordnance department $200,000 already in
this bill for sea-coast cannon, and they can
use every dollar of it for this very gun if they
choose. That is as much as we can afford to
give in one year.
Mr. COLE. I renew the motion to lay the
amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment:
Sec —. That it shall be unlawful for any person to
apply any part of the money appropriated by this
act to the payment of any officer or soldier, or other
person or persons, for transportation of any officer
or soldier to or from, or expenses at. or time em-
ployed while being transported to or from, or being
preseut at, any election hereafter to be held in any
State or Territory of tho United States; and no part
of the money by this act appropriated shall be so
applied.
Mr. COLE addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor if he claims it
on the amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope that the Sen-
ator from California will not make a motion
to lay the amendment on the table, or that if
he does he will give us the yeas and nays on
it. If the Senator will agree to give us the
yeas and nays on the motion which he is going
to make, to lay this amendment on the table,
I will not detain the Senate with any remarks.
Mr. COLE. I will agree to that. I move
that the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBU-RY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 39, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas. Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,.
Revels, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Warner,
Willey. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, Casserly, Davis, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Miller,
Saulsbury, Thurman, and Tickers—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Carpenter, Cat-
tell, Corbett, Ferry, Fowler, Hill, Howard, Howell,
Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
©teams, Stockton, Sumner, and Trumbull—25.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the. following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred
and twelve, which contains the appropriation
for Army transportation:
In accordance with the fifth section of the act
