1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
monster, who was so inhuman that he cannot
he judged by any human rules, is the man whom
General McMahou thinks did nothing which
calls lor the censure of the civilized world. If
I have time I may inquire into the motives of
this eminent representative of the American
people.
I have here in my hand the testimony of Dr.
Stewart. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Swaxn] implied some doubt in regard to the
testimony of Bliss and Masterman as to the
cruelties committed on them and others in Par-
aguay. Is there any doubt in regard to the
testimony of Dr. Stewart, the chief of the med-
ical department in Paraguay, a man of unim-
peachable character? I will read from his
testimony:
"Were you acquainted with Porter C. Bliss and
George F. Masterman, while in Paraguay?
"Answer. Yes.
"Have you read their memorial to Congress, and
the printed testimony of Mr. Bliss, belore the Com-
mittee on foreign Affairs of the House of Repre-
sentatives ?
"Answer. Yes.
" ilow far can you corroborate, from your own
knowledge, the statements made by Messrs. Bliss
and Masterman in their published documents?
"Answer. I was an eye-witness of the horrible
atrocities committed upon many hundreds o( human
beings who were accused of conspiracy. I saw theui
heavily laden with irons, and heard their cries and
implorings to their torturers for mercy. X thank
God that X am alive to give this testimony. Lopez
knew sill that was going on, for on several occasions
at table he told us that Mr. so and so begged to be
shot, but that Father Maiz would reply, "Have no
fear for that; wncn we have done with you we will
shoot vou.' The medical officers who were occasion-
ally ordered to visit the principal victims told me
how awlully cut up these were by the floggings, and
asked me what would be the best treatment tor their
wounds. In fact, much that is related by Bliss and
Masterman 1 learned at various tunes from Lopez
himself, and from other sources of information, as
for instance from Mrs. Lynch, Fathers Maiz and
Roman. Major Albeiro, Juan Crtsostomo Centu-
rion, iSilvero, a Correntine refugee, and from my
wife, who used to getinformation aboutmany things
which transpired among the prisoners accused of
conspiracy from Riveros, the native doctor ot the
ninth battalion, which keptguard over the prisoners
from the commencement to the termination of the
trials. From all these sourees of information X de-
lived my knowledge of the events at the time of
ttieir occurrence, and I can vouch for the general
truthfulness of the statements referred to. Xhe said
lliveros used to come to me tor advice, and on these
occasions he would chat with Mrs. Stewart, the
more confidentially, (she being a native likewise,)
and give her details of many circumstances, which,
1 being his superior officer, he shrunk irorn divulg-
ing to me, but which 1 was sure to hear from her.
For months innocent individuals were dragged be-
foiethe tribunals by order of the Paraguayan Donn-
tiau. Uuudreds wore brought fiom the provinces
heavily ironed. Torture was all but indiscmnin-
ately applied; and those who survived its barbar-
ities were put to death, as well those who denied as
those who confessed themselves guilty of the crimes
falsely laid to their charge. This scene ot butchery
went on almost daily until December last. The
shrieks of personal acquaintances writhing undor
the lash are still rinsing in my oars, and the spec-
tacleof their disfigured, lacerated, and rag-covered
bodies stretched on the ground, unsheltered Irorn
the weather, day and night, in the most rigorous
season oi the year, still haunts my sight. No fewer
than eight hundred persons, comprising natives of
nearly every country m the civilized world, were
massacred during those terrible months from June
to December. I name two or three of the victims
moit to be pitied, perhaps, where all were to be
nitied, name them in proot that I can substantiate
every word I relate: Mr. William Mark, an Eng-
lish merchant, who had earned on business tor four-
teen years in Paraguay, and amassed a considerable
fortune, was dragged out ot a sick bed, sent in nons
to Lopez's camp, and, subjected as he was to every
indignity, as well as suffering from dysentery, was
toon released from his miseries by death, iiis wite
and six children were turned out of their home, ana,
if yet alive and not having fallen into the friendly
hands of the allies, are probably wandering in the
iorests. half naked and starving, with the surviving
population of weak and tender outcasts like them-
selves. Mr. Newman, alter many months imprison-
ment, and laboring under severe illness, was sim-
ilxriv sent to the camp, and ultimately expired
under the lash. Mr. John Watts, engineer, expe-
i icnued like treatment, but was shoe; his enrne,
tnu having bought refuge at tne united btates
U" uTlierc anything contained in either of their
sfa ements that you know to be untrue or incorrect/
the best of my heiiei they contain
noilTing untiue or incorrect. There is not a state-
ment in ado by eiihergHntleman^which Iwouldcoii-
Mder to be an error, either in his relation oi m his
appxeeiation of the events narrated.
Other witnesses confirm the statements of
Bliss and Masterman, and give details not
accessible to them of hellish tortures and mas-
sacres.
I invite the attention of gentlemen to the
document containing this testimony. It goes
to show that all that Bliss and' Masterman re-
late, and which the gentleman from Maryland
would imply was merely an assault upon the
Navy, was strictly true; that they did sufferthe
tortures hero alluded to, and that there was
that in the conduct of Lopez from the very first
which put him out of the pale of all human
sympathy.
I merely allude to these things to show the
danger in which Washburn and Bliss and Mas-
terman stood subsequently within the reach of
the hands of this tyrant. How did he com-
mence the war against the allies? By- a state-
ment that certain wrongs had been committed
on him, on his dignity, and his people, which
would lead to reprisals and war ? Not at all.
His first act was, in a state of profound peace,
to seize a steamer plying between the upper
region of the Paraguay river and the port of
Rio, and belonging to Brazil. This was his
first aggression upon Brazil. The crew of the
vessel were taken prisoners and were all subse-
quently tortured and shot. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Ortii] also reminds me of the
fact that the Brazilian governor of the prov-
inces alluded to was on board that vessel, and
was captured with the others and never heard
of afterward. His next act was in reference
to the Argentine Confederation, to go with jive
thousand men down the Paraguay river to
Gorrientes, and to seize two war vessels there
belonging to the Argentine Republic, which
were not anticipating danger and were not pre-
pared for resistance. Many of the Argentine
sailors were killed, and the vessels and rest
of the crew were carried in triumph to Asun-
cion. It was an outrage on a country with
which he was at peace, and which was disposed
to be his ally, and on the laws of nations and
humanity. This was the way in which Lopez
commenced war.
I will not dwell long on this view of the mat-
ter, but I wish the House to bear these facts in
mind in judgingof theaction of Admiral Godon
and Mr. Washburn. In 1865 Mr. Washburn
had leave of absence; he reached Rio after his
leave of absence had expired, in 1865, and he
was detained there and at Corrientes by the
maneuvers of Admiral Godon for thirteen
months; that is to say, till November 3, 1866.
One pretense, probably an after-thought, was
that the admiral had no right to force the block-
ade. I deny that, sir. The admiral, with all the
eulogiums that have been pronounced upon his
learning, was wrong upon that pointand in his
view of the law. He at any rate gave all doubts
against his country and its minister. There is
some conflict of authorities upon this point, but
the weight of authority is in favor of the right
of Government vessels to communicate with
ministers residing in a blockaded port.
Through our own rebellion foreign war ves-
sels were allowed to go freely in and out of all
blockaded ports. In 1838, when the French
were blockading Vera Cruz, English war vessels
were allowed to go in and out, and they even
availed themselves of the privilege to take
specie away from the country and to return
quicksilver in order to work the mines of the
country. Sir William Scott, in the case of the
Drummond Langdon, says:
"A belligerent, it socms, has no right to interrupt
the communication between a neutral Government
and its representative in a blockaded port ; at any
rate, if the dispatches are carried in a public man-
ner, in vessels commissioned by the State lor that
purnose, and vested with the character of packets,
it is doubtful whether a merchant vessel would be
protected by carrying papers of such a de&errption,
while engaged in a transaction otherwise illegal,
that question, however, can only be raised by a eiaim
given on the part of the Government, and cannot bo
set up by the merchant vessel as a ground for pio-
tection."
If that is the law, and it seems to be well
considered, and the practice of our own Gov-
ernment corresponds with it, and the practice
of the French Government, in thecaseto which
I have referred, is in accordance with it, then
Admiral Gordon was all wrong. Certainly,
if that is the law, if the communications of a
minister may thus be carried, then the minis-
ter himself may be carried through the forces
of a belligerent with which hi3 country is at
peace, in order to reside in or to reach the
country to which he is accredited, and with
which his country is at peace.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth]
has very ably argued the question as to whether
the other excuses of Admiral Godou were of
the slightest value in accounting for the indif-
ference which he displayed at that time. I will
not, therefore, allude to that branch of the sub-
ject,except to say that to keep a minister of
the United States, appointed by the President
and confirmed by the Senate, in that condition
of humiliating dependence for thirteen long
months, begging transit through the lines of
the allies, begging a passage of our own naval-
commanders, interrupted in his great public
business by the whim or vanity of an admiral,
is something that calls for the severest con-
demnation of the Congress of the United States.
If this is the practice of the Navy, then that
practice must be reformed. But it is not the
practice of the Navy. And the present Secre-
tary of the Navy has declared that it is the
duty of naval officers upon foreign stations to
afford aid to the embassadors of the United
States abroad.
There cannot be a divided allegiance in
such cases. In this instance both parties were
eight thousand miles from home. And to
wait until messages could be sent backward
and forward would lead to g'eat inconven-
iences, sometimes to fatal results. This was
almost the case when Admiral Davis waited
sixty days while Bliss and Masterman were
being daily tortured, and while Bliss was com-
pelled to use the fertile powers of his mind in
order to write a libel upon Washburn so that
he could save his own life.
I say there is nothing in the law of nations
which prohibited the forcing of this blockade
for that purpose. And that such was the judg-
ment of the allies was evident from the fact
that whenever our commanders indicated a
real intention to go through they went through,
on two different occasions.
Mr. Washburn, however, finally attained his
port, after every cause of delay had been ex-
hausted, after even private suggestions of
delay to the noble officer in charge of the ves-
sel were made by the admiral in command on
that station.
And here the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Swaxn] finds a great deal to criticise in his
conduct; he believes Mr. Washburn interfered
improperly with Lopez's operations, and_ he
asks, •'Whatright had a minister of the United
States to interfere?" When American citizens
and other foreigners were being put out of the
way, withoutany form of law or opportunity of
defense, an American minister should not in-
terfere ! Sir, I say he had a right to interfere,
not only in bebalf of his own countrymen, but
in behalf of citizens of other countries. I read
a note on the subject from Lawrence's Whea-
ton on International Law, pages 373, 374:
"In cases of revolution the duties of a minister
are not confined to the protection of his own country-
men, but extend to the citizens and subjects ox all
friendly nations left by the political events with-
out a representative. The government of Miramon
having, in 1859, revoked the exequatur of the Amer-
ican consul at Mexico, because the United States
had recognized President Juarez, he asked the mtei -
position of the British minister for protection irotn
the de facto authorities for the persons and prop-
erty of Americans. This protection having been
withheld, Mr. Cass, in instructing Mr. Dallas, Alay
12,1859, to bring to the notice of the British (*ove *n-
mcnt the course of its minister, say&: .
" "In countries in a state of revolution, ana aunnef
periods of public excitement, it is the practice oi
modern times lor the foreign representatives re..ia-
ing there to luterpose, by the exertion ot their innu-
I ence, for the protection of the citwens of inendly
' Powers exposed to injury or danger,
out any minister of their own conn£yjo watch over
them The President would not hesitate to \isit
with 'marks of his displeasure any American mm-
isfcer who should have it in his power to afiord pro
