1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
approved July 2,1864, entitled "An a-ctto amend an
act entitled an 'Act to aid in the construction of a
railiond and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the P.iciflc ocean, and tosecure to the Government
the. use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes,' approved July 1, 1862," the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby directed to pay over, in
money, to the Pacific railroad companies mentioned
in said act and performing services for the United
States, one half of the compensation for such ser-
vices heretofore or hereafter rendered.
This is hi accordance with the fifth section
of the act of July 2,18G4, which provides that
"only one half of the compensation for ser-
vices rendered for the Government by said
companies shall be required to be applied to
the payment of the bonds issued by the Gov-
ernment in aid of the construction of said
roads." This matter was referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee, and they have reported that
the Secretary of the Treasury, under that law,
was only entitled to retain one half of the
compensation. The Secretary did only retain
one half of the compensation for about six
years, but finally, last fall, he made a different
ruling. Under the direction of the Senate
the Committee on the Judiciary have investi-
gated the question and have reported that he
had no authority to retain that money. I do
not wish to discuss the question at any length.
I barely state these facts. I offer the amend-
ment by the direction of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. COLE. My colleague upon the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, the Senator from
Vermont, will pay attention to this amend-
ment. He has given some consideration to
the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There has been no such
amendment before the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, yes; you have had it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I deny it. I have not
seen it. Will the Senator from Nevada show
us the amendment?
Mr. STEWART. This is not precisely in
the same language with the one that was before
that committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought not.
Mr. STEWART. I have here the one that
was submitted to the Committee on Appro-
priations. The language is changed some-
what.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not had this
amendment before us. It is true 1 have not
attended the meetings of the Judiciary Com-
mittee with that fidelity that I ought to have
done ; but I have never known of the commit-
tee having a meeting on the subject of moving
such an amendment as this. No such subject
was ever referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. That committee reported upon
the subject that was referred to them through
the report of my honorable friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpenter,] stating what a ma-
jority of its members thought the law to be.
1 am told by the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary that it has had no meeting
on this amendment which is now proposed.
I was quite sure of that before he told me so.
I must beg leave, therefore, to say to my friend
from Nevada that he is exercising for the
Judiciary Committee an authority perhaps a
little beyond what he ought to do in pro-
posing this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I ought to say
to the Senator from Vermont that the printed
amendment was brought to me by the Senator
from Nevada in the Senate. I looked at it,
and did not think it in very good form, and
he drew up an amendment in manuscript which
1 told him I was willing to agree to. '1 here has ,
been no meeting of the committee in reference :
to it.
Mr. STEWART. A majority of the com-
mittee have agreed to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That willnotdo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
the Senator from Nevada has seen a majority
of the committee, but I suppose he has. There
has been no meeting of the committee on the
subject. The amendment was handed to me
in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I deny the authority of
the Senator from Nevada to move this amend-
ment ; and I feel at liberty to do so as I am
one member of the committee. I deny that,
upon a question which is open to dispute and
discussion, a member of a committee can get
a decision of the committee for the purpose
of action in this body, by consulting a part of
its members and not speaking to the others.
I take this ground the more freely, as I know
my friend from Nevada mast be aware that I
do not intend any personal disrespect to him ;
but I submit it as a general proposition which
the Senate ought to understand. I object,
therefore, to this amendment as out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to this amendment on the
ground that it has not been reported from a
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the first ground.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that that alone would not require the Presiding
Officer to rule tlie amendment out of order.
The thirtieth rule declares that amendments
can be moved to general appropriation bills
under four different classes, the first of which
is "to carry oat the provisions of some exist-
ing law." This amendment declares in its
text that it is in accordance with the fifth sec-
tion of the act of July 2, 1864: that certain
things shall be done. The fact that the Judi-
ciary Committee have decided, a majority of
them, in their report that that is the true con-
struction of the law, does not alter the case ; it
is a question to be decided by the Senate. In
its text the amendment declares that it is in
accordance with the provisions of law; which
would bring it within the first branch of the
thirtieth rule. But if this amendment has not
been referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions 
Mr. STEWART. It has been.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment?
Mr. STEWART. Substantially the same
thing. The rule only requires that they shall
have notice of the subject-matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The language of
the rule is, and the Chair must decide upon the
text of the rule as it stands, that "all amend-
ments proposing new items of appropriation"
shall be referred.
Mr. STEWART. I can very readily get
around that by offering the identical amend-
ment that was submitted to the Committee on
Appropriations, and then I can offer mine as
a substitute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that an amendment of this
kind, agreed to by a majority of the members
of a committee on this floor, and not in any
meeting of the committee and without consult-
ation with others of its members, comes within
the thirtieth rule, and may thus be regarded as
the responsible action of a committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont certainly has not honored the Chair
with his attention, as he will see in the morn-
ing when he comes to read in the Globe cf
to-morrow the decision which the Chair has
just made. He made it entirely apart from
any consideration as to whether this amend-
ment came from a committee or did not come
from a committee. The Chair will repeat the
decision.
By the thirtieth rule amendments proposing
additional appropriations pan be received to
general appropriation bills if they come within
one of the four following categories : '• to carry
out the provisions ot sotne existing law ; ' that
stands first and highest; or to carry out " some
act or resolution previously passed by the Sen-
ate during that session and if it does not
come within.eitherone of those provisions then
it can be " moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senateand it these
three provisions do not cover it, it can tnen
be moved "in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments." If the
amendment complies with either one of these
four stipulations it can be received, on condi-
tion that the latter part of the thirtieth rule is
observed, which reads as follows: "All amend-
ments to general appropriation bills reported
from committees of the Senate, proposing new
items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations." This amendment in its
text as first offered by the Senator from Ne-
vada—the Chair has not seen it in the form in
which it is now proposed to be offered—directs,
in haec verba, that in accordance with the pro-
visions of a certain section of a certain act
the Secretary of the Treasury shall pay certain
money. The Chair stated—which probably
may have been the reason why the Senator
from Vermont misunderstood him—that the
fact that a majority of the Judiciary Commit-
tee had reported that this was an exact and
proper construction of the law did not govern
the Chair in his decision, but he based it upon
the first part of the thirtieth rule, the amend-
ment being to carry out existing laws.
Mr. STEWART. Now I offer 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
modifies the amendment to bring it within the
ruling of the Chair, and presents the amend-
ment which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations. It will be read by the Sec-
retary, and if open to the point of order the
Chair will then rule upon it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Insert after line one hundred and twelve:
Whereas it is for the interest of the United States
that all freight and transportation for the Govern-
ment should be performed by the Pacific railroads
to and from tho Pacific coast when it can be so per-
formed without detrim«nt to the public-service; and
whereas it is the true in tent and meaning of the fifth
section of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864.
relating to the Pacific railroads, that only one half ot
the compensation for services rendered for the Uni-
ted States bv said Pacific railroad companies should
be retained by the United States, to be applied: to
the payment of the bonds issued by the United States
in aid of the construction of the Pacific railroads,
and the interest thereon: therefore, the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby directed to pay over m
money, to the Pacific rait road eompaDy performing
such service, one half of all the compensation for
services which have heretofore been, or shall here-
after be, rendered or performed by either of said
Pacific railroad companies for tho United States.
Mr. STEWART. Now I move to amend
that by substituting what I before sent the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute
for that amendment has been previously read
by the Secretary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now rise to a point of
order, whether this amendment proposed by
the Senatorto his other amendment is in order,
it not having been referred to the Committee
on Appropriations and being a substitute for
it. If it is in order, it is very easy to cheat
the effect of the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; it must be
competent to perfect the amendment that is
offered. Perhaps we could not increase the
appropriation ; I do not know how that would
be; but when an amendments introduced here
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, certainly the Senate cannot be concluded
as to the precise phraseology of the amend-
ment. I think we have amended such amend-
ments frequently.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, in the first place, that the Senator from
Nevada has not the right to modify the amend-
ment, as generally a proposition can be modi-
fied before a vote, because the thirtieth rule
prohibits that; and tlie Chair is of opinion
that the Senate have decided repeatedly that
amendments proposed and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations cannot be in-
creased in amount by amendments to those
amendments in the Senate, because that would
be a waiver of the rule ; in the language of the
Senator from Vermont, it would be evading
the rule. Bat the Chair is also ot_ opinion
that if the amount is not increased it is within
