1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the power of a majority of the Senate to per-
fect an amendment which is pending. That
is to say, they are not required to vote upon
the amendment in the precise language in
which it has been referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, if they prefer other lan-
guage not increasing the appropriation. The
Chair thinks this is the ruling of common
sense as well as complying with the rule,
and the spirit and object of the rule, which
is to prohibit increased appropriations upon
a bill unless they have first passed the scru-
tiny of the Committee on Appropriations.
The Chair therefore rules that the amendment
to the amendment is in order, to be decided
by a. vote of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with the ruling
of the Chair as far as it goes, but I think I do
not precisely understand the Chair on another
point; but if I do, I may not coincide with it.
I understood the Chair to say that it was not
competent for a majority of the Senate to in-
crease an appropriation which the committee
had agreed to ; that is, if they had agreed to
report a given sum it was not competent for
the Senate to increase it. but that it was com-
petent to diminish it. Did I understand the
Chair aright ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the opinion
of the Chair that that is not involved in the
present point; but he will answer the Senator
from Kansas. It is the opinion of the Chair
that under this rule an amendment propos-
ing additional appropriations, which has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
cannot be increased by an amendment to the
amendment; and for this reason : it has been
decided, as the Chair is informed, both ways in
the Senate ; but the Chair is of opinion that the
ruling prohibiting the increasing of appropria-
tions which have not passed the scrutiny of the
Committee on Appropriations, by way of an
amendment to an amendmet, is correct. The
rule provides that "all amendments to general
appropriation bills proposing new items of
appropriation shall, one day before they are
offered, be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations;" and the question is, is an amend-
ment to an amendment an amendment in the
parliamentary sense ? The Chair thinks it is;
it is an amendment in the second degree.
Mr. POJIHROY. My understanding has
been that any new item of appropriation must
go to the committee; that is, if the amend-
ment has a new subject in it. The committee
can report it; they can report back a part of
it; they may report back the whole of it, or
they may decline to report it at all; but when
it in reported, it is competent then for the
Senate to make it larger or smaller.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule could
then be evaded by referring an amendment
appropriating $1,000 to the Committee on
Appropriations, and the next day moving to
amend thatamendmentby-inserting $5,000,000;
that is contrary to the intent of the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. You must not introduce a
new subject; but my understanding has been
always that you can make the appropriation
larger or smaller, as the judgment of the Sen-
ate may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit that point at any time when it comes
up, if the Senator from Kansas desires it. The
Chair is of the opinion that the term "amend-
ment" includes an amendment and an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. POME ROY. I will let this point pass
now. I lej.it pass the other day when it was
involved; but i give notice that when it does
come up again, I shall want the sense of the
Senate upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to go into
a discussion of our legal rights on an appro-
priation bill, which is altogether the wrong
place for it. If the Senator from Nevada
wants to bring in a hill to require the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to do what he thinks the
Secretary is lawfully bound to do, then we
shall have time to determine what the law is.
My opinion is perfectly clear, after a most
careful examination—contrary, it is true, to
that of a majority of my fellows of the Judi-
ciary Committee—that the Secretary of the
Treasury has not been guilty of any legal
wrong, and that it is of the highest interest to
the United States, as well as to the benefit of
these companies, that we should have preserved
to us, if we have it now under the statute, the
power to protect ourselves in a case of neces-
sity, like any other creditor who is advancing
money for a debtor. But this, of course, in-
volves a long consideration of what the precise
effect of these statutes is. It has no place
here, particularly as to all other parts of this
appropriation, except that for Army transport-
ation. The provision as to mails and as to
supplies for the Interior Department, and
everything of that kind, has no place here at
all. On account of that circumstance, and
with a view to see whether the Senate are will-
ing to finish the appropriation bills during this
session, of which we now have three or four
still behind, and without going_ at all into the
merits of this question, which is an important
and disputed one, I move to lay the amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iask my friend from Ver-
mont to withdraw the motion, I should like
to say a few words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I withdraw it for my
friend from Ohio I must for others. If the
Senate want to go into an all-day discussion
they can vote down my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a very important
subject, thrust upon the Senate suddenly, and
I think they ought to understand what it is
before they vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Ohio cer-
tainly understands what it is, and I think every
other Senator does. I cannot withdraw the
motion. I must insist upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. While I am opposed
to the proposition itself, I am opposed to this
practice of laying amendments on the table.
I shall therefore vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 28 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Davis. Edmunds, Fenton, Flan-
agan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Harris, Hill, Lewis, McCreery, Miller, Morrill of
Vermont, Pratt, and Vickers—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Cameron,Casserly,
Chandler. Cragin, Fowler, Gilbert, Johnston, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Revels,
Robertson, Ross. Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Stew-
art, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Baynrd, Carpenter, Cattell,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry, Hamlin, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson, Pool. Kamsey, Kice, Scliurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stearns, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, and Willey—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When I made the motion
to lay these amendments on the table, I labored
under the pleasing delusion that I was acting
in conformity to the wishes of the Committee
on Appropriations, that has endeavored for
the past three days to get the reputation of
trying to keep an appropriation bill within
its proper limits, and to have the Senate de-
cline to consider, independentof any question
of merits, matters that did not belong strictly
to the duty of providing appropriations to
carry on the Government; and that we were
not to be drawn into the discussion of ques-
tions of private rights or matters of dispute
between the Government and corporations and
individuals. But 1 have discovered from the
roll-call that I ain the solitary member of that
committee (if I did not misunderstand the
reading of the names) who voted in favor of
not taking up the time of the Senate now in
considering this proposition. I shall be care-
ful not to make another motion in behalf of
the committee, until I find out that a majority
of the committee want it made.
I do not intend now to occupy the time of
the Senate in discussing a question that has
no place on this appropriation bill. I only
wish to say, as I stated in a word when I was
about to make this motion, that it appears to
me perfectly plain from the provisions of the
statutes that these companies are bound to
repay to the United States, from time to time,
as it shall pay interest upon the bonds it has
loaned them, that interest. If the language
of a statute or contract could be supposed to
be drawn strong enough to carry that mean-
ing, it appears to me that the language of this
statute, which I will now read, does carry it.
This enterprise was not wholly a public
enterprise. It was like all other enterprises
in the States and elsewhere for carrying on
public works for private advantage. The per-
sons who obtain these charters, it they may be
called such, from Congress obtained them to
make money out of them, and it was perfectly
right that they should do so. It was a business
operation, like any other charter, from which
they were to derive profit; and upon the con-
sideration that they would carry on this work,
and thus benefit the public in providing easy
and proper transportation and intercommuni-
cation between the people, the public made
them grants, large grants of land, as the stat-
ute provides, which are an absolute donation
and a gift. It also provided that it would loan
to the companies its credit m aid of the prose-
cution of the work, not as a gift, but as one
friend interested in the prosperity of another
friend, or for a consideration, as the ease may
be, for any motive which would be adequate
to produce such an act, lends his credit to that
other friend or person. That was the scheme.
Now, then, when it comes to the provision for
issuing the bonds, the section provides :
"That for the purposes herein mentioned the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall, upon the certificate in
writing of said commissioners of the completion
and equipment of forty consecutive miles of said
railroad and telegraph in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act, issue to said company bonds
of the United States of il.000 each, payable ill thirty
years after date, bearing six per cent, per annum
in terest, (said interest payablesemi-annually,) which
interest may be paid in United States Treasury notes,
or any other money or currency which Hie United
States have or shall declare lawful money and a
legal tender, to the amount of sixteen of said bonds
per mile for such section of forty miles."
Now comes the security, the adverse, or
rather the correlative or reciprocal provision:
"And to secure the repayment to the United
States, as hereinafter provided, of the amount of
said bonds so issued and delivered to said company,
together with all interest thereon which shall have
been paid by the United States, the issue of said
bonds and delivery to the company shall ipso facto
constitute a first mortgage on ihe whole line of the
raihoad and telegraph, together with the rollmg-
stock, fixtures, aud property of every kind and
description, and in consideration of which said bonds
may be issued ; and on the lefusal or failure of said
company to redeem said bonds, or any part of them,
when required so to do by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in accordance with the provisions of this
act, the said road, with all the rights, functions,
immunities, and appurtenance? thereunto belong-
ing, and also all lands granted to the said company
by the United States which at the time of said
default shall remain in th.e ownership of the said
company, may be taken possession of by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for the use arid benefit of the
United States: Provided, This section shall not
apply to that part of any road now constructed."
Then the next section provides fora forfeit-
ure of the grants—not of the aid in bonds,
which were not grants, but for the forfeiture
of the land grants and other privileges ab-o-
lutely given to the company, in case they shall
fail to pay the bonds.at maturity and keep the
railroad and telegraph line in repair and use.
This being the scheme upon which this road
was to be constructed, that a private corpora-
tion for its own benefit and emolument, in the
enjoyment of the income of its own stocks,
was to build it, and in order to increase the
public welfare the United States were to give
them in aid of that building large grauts of
land, large privileges and immunities in the
way of frauchises and rights of way ; it was to
