1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
tion of the unfinished business pending in the
afternoon session, unless it should be post-
poned at the evening session by a majority
vote; and the same rule will be held to apply
to days -jrhichare assigned for particular busi-
ness whsxre the rule in regard to the priority
of unfinished business has not been suspended.;
in which eases the unfinished business, when
called up, must be postponed before the order
can operate.
Mr. COLE. I do not like to see an order
made that is invidious in this matter. The
Senator from Illinois willremember that during
the latter week or two of the last session I made
all the exertion I was able to get up the Aus-
tralian bill, in which I think'the people of the
country are very much interested. I will state
that the exertions that were made at that time
were with the view of joining with the British
colonies in the south Pacific to establish a line,
and the postmaster general of New Zealand
has within two or three days arrived in San
Francisco, and is on his way here for the pur-
pose of enterifig into au'arrangement by which
those mails can be carried upon an American
line of steamers, and if we do not avail our-
selves of this opportunity before the middle
of next month a British line will be put upon
that route, or, in other words, the Americans
will be beaded off by a contract entered into
with a British line, which will, of course, pre-
clude the possibility of these colonies join-
ing with us afterward. I regard that bill as a
matter of the highest moment to this country.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose it will be under-
stood by the Senate that these bills shall come
up in their order, the Gulf bill, the Australian
bill, and the Atlantic bill.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Louisiana,
of course, will not object to that.
Mr. ICRLLOGG. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not assent to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. THURMAN. Everybody knows the
importance of the questions presented to the
Senate by these bills. Everybody knows how
much money they propose to take out of the
Treasury, and how much they piopose to inter-
fere with the business of other men than those
who are subsidized. My experience teaches me
that you never have anything like a full Senate
at a night session. According to my observa-
tion, except on political questions, there is
never a quorum at a night session after the
Senate has been in session fifteen or twenty
minutes; and T, for one, do not wish this great
subject treated with not, perhaps, a majority
of the Senate present, or with barely enough
to constitute a quorum.
I hope no night session will be held upon
this subject. It is too important; it requires
too much consideration ; it needs too thorough
an investigation, too thorough a statement of
the arguments for and against these projects,
for us to consider them in a night session.
• For one, therefore, I hope, without going into
the merits, which I cannot do on this motion
to hold a night session, that the Senate will
not agree to take up these bills at night. If
they do, what will be the result? Very prob-
ably^they may be passed without getting much
more than one third of the votes of the Senate.
A bare majority of a bare quorum may pass
these bills, so momentous in their conse-
quences, if we take them up and consider them
at night, especially if they are to be put to-
gether in the way it is proposed, and we are
to have a log-rolling operation in order to pass
any of them.
These are my objections to this proposition.
I am willing to consider these bills. The Sen-
ate committees that have reported them are
entitled to have them considered. 1 do not
say that those who have petitioned for them
have any particular claim to have them con-
sidered. I do not recognize that they lmve
any particular or special claim to have them
considered when they would displace other
and important business; but when they come
backed up by the report of the regular com-
mittees of this body, then I admit that they are
entitled to have them considered and heard;
but I do not want them heard under such cir-
cumstances as experience shows will prevent
their being considered by a full Senate. I
hope therefore that the motion will not prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to add the Australian bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding the bill (S. No. 821) author-
izing mail steamship service between the port
of Cedar Keys, Florida, and Havana, Cuba.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is in conflict with the
understanding here, that these bills shall come
up in the order in which the Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Kellogg] some time since named
them: the Atlantic bill after the Australian
bill. I hope the Senator from South Carolina
will not urge anything in opposition to that
order. If he does, I shall feel compelled to
oppose it.
Mr. SAWYER. I understood that all these
bills were to come up in their order.
Mr. RAMSEY, in the order suggested by
the Senator from Louisiana, who first brought
the matter to the attention of the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. But there were several bills
which were assigned for action on a previous
day, and this biil was included among them.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection at all
to the Senator's bill; I think it a very good
bill; but still that is not the order in which
the friends of these measures understood they
should be brought to the attention of the Sen-
ate. I hope he will not press his amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Min-
nesota speaks of an understanding. What
understanding? Understanding with whom?
Mr. RA'MSEY. An understanding with the
Senator from Louisiana and the other Sena-
tors interested in these bills, and who reported
them.
Mr. THURMAN. I know nothing of any
undex-standing between a portion of the Senate
or Senators interested in these bills, as my
fiieud from Minnesota says, that precludes any
one from moving to take up another bill or to
add another bill to those which are to be con-
sidered.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is nothing, of course,
which precludes the Senator from making the
motion, but I hope we shall proceed to the
consideration of these bills in their order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, to add Senate bill No. 821.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator withdraws that
amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir, I do not with-
draw it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I give notice that
when the Australian bill is disposed of I shall
next ask for the consideration of the Atlantic
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as amended, which will be
read.
" The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That on Monday the Senate take a
recess at half past four o'clock until half past seven
o'clock, and that at the latter hour the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 6S8)
authorizing mail steamship service in the Gulf of
Mexico between the port of New Orleans, Louisiana,
and certain ports of the republic of Mexico, and
thobi!t(S. No. 1190) authorizing the establishment
of ocean mail steamship service between the United
States and Australia.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is an amendment in
order to that resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move, as an
amendment, that at half past four o'clock the
Senate proceed to consider the first bill named.
I approve the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio that we sit here until six o'clock, or if
it be necessary until seven o'clock, and that
we do not hold evening sessions. It is an
utter impossibility to get or to hold aquorum
at an evening session, and we certainly can
accomplish as much business in the two hours
following half past four o'clock as we can in
four hours at night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to amend the resolution by
striking out the provision for a recess and
inserting that at half past four o'clock the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration ot the two
bills named. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the resolution
now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is that at half
past four o'clock to-day the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the two steamship bills:
the Gulf of Mexico bill and the Australian
bill.
The resolution was adopted.
message from toe house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2789) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2998} to establish certain
post roads;
A bill (H. R. No. 3003) granting a pension
to John Preveaux, a citizen of Amesbury,
Massachusetts;
A bill (H. R. No. 3004) for the relief of
Reuben Thomas and George Brown ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1057) for extending the
land laws of the United States over the terri-
tory of Alaska;
A bill (II. II. No. 3005) for the sale of
timber lands in the States of California and
Oregon and Washington Territory;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 501) for the
relief of George F. Robinson, eighth regiment
Maine volunteers; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 503) for the
relief of John E. Hagerty, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri.
COMMITTEE OS TELEGRAMS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there be no objection
I now ask that the resolution that 1 introduced
several days ago in reference to a special com-
mittee on the subject of oceanic telegraphs be
taken up and passed. I presun.o the Senator
from Massachusetts has no further objection
to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better not
pass it at this session. Wo can pass it at the
beginning of the next session.
The VlCEPllESIDENT. TheSenator from
Oregon moves to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution for the appointment of a
select committee on telegraphic cables 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On which the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Soixeii] is
entitled to the floor, if it be taken up. The
morning hour has expired, and by the unani-
mous order of the Senate the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday goes upon the Calendar, and
the Senate resumes the consideration of the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 306) prescribing
the oath to be taken by H. V. M. Miller, Sen-
ator-elect from Georgia.
hour of meeting.
Mr. MORTON. With the consent of the
Senator from Illinois, I desire to offer a reso-
lution, which I give notice that I shall cull up
