336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
tection to the persons or property of citizens of a
friendly nation, placed in peril by revolutionary
commotions, and having no national representative
to appeal to, should he fail to exert his influence
in their behalf."
The same principle applies, of course, in this
instance. It was a revolutionary commotion
in that case, which was.to be guarded against.
But suppose the country is under the control
of a merciless tyrant, who is defying all law,
human and divine, in order to wreak his ven-
geanceupon foreigners who maybe obnoxious
to him, will any one say that the principle of
the rule fails? Does it not, in fact, become
still more strong? The case is rather anal-
ogous to that which all countries have recog-
nized as existing in Turkey, where the jurisdic-
tion of foreigners is taken absolutely from the
power of the Porte and confided to the resident
ministers, on account of the barbarity of the
Turkish powers. Is not the rule still stronger
"in a case where, like that which I have depicted,
and feebly depicted, they are exposed to the
vengeance and cruelty of unrelenting persecu-
tion, overriding all law, crushing out all right,
and inflicting death in the most terrible forms
of torture, starvation, and misery?
Mr. Washburn's conduct, not in giving asy-
lum in the technical sense of the term, not
in saying to British, French, and Italian sub-
jects who might be there, " I will protect you
lis members of my legation," but by extending
to them the hospitality of his house when they
begged leave to come there for such shelter as
its shadow might afford, brought down upon
him the implacable vengeance of Lopez. The
conduct of Mr. Washburn was guided by the
simplest rules of humanity, entirely within the
principle of the instructions of Mr. Cass which
1 have just read. Lopez, in order to destroy
Mr. Washburn, then seized and arrested scores
of persons and put them to torture to compel
them to testify that they had treasonable deal-
ings with Mr. Washburn. Any one who will
read the testimony, even that sent by the Para-
guayan Government,wrenched from Masterman
and Bliss and Benigno and Benitez, and others,
will seethatthat which was alleged to have been
done by Mr. Washburn, in order to conspire
against the Government of Paraguay, was a
perfect impossibility. It was charged that he
had received gold in large amounts, alleged
tn have been brought by land over a region
far fifty miles in extent, a continuous swamp,
vrhere it was impossible for man or beast, or
anything except a reptile, to live, much less
make its way through. But I need not take
time to dwell upon the absurdity of those
charges, because the allegations of such con-
spiracies commenced with Lopez's term and
only ended with his death, and implicated not
only the best men but nearly everybody in the
country.
The gentleman from Maryland speaks with
a good deal of unction of the ability of the
correspondence carried, on by Benitez, the
minister of war of the Paraguayan Govern-
ment, with Mr. Washburn, in order to entangle
the tatter into some admission on which his
passports could be refused and he himself
seized and cast into prison. Does not the
gentleman know that this very man, Benitez,
was himself seized, tortured, and shot because
he had in a conversation with Mr. Washburn
said thathe "knewallaboutit?" Lopeznaively
remarking that if he knew all about it he ought
to confess it to the Government, and he was
tortured in order to make him confess to the
Government, although his purpose was simply
to imply some knowledge of facts which Mr.
Washburn was endeavoring to conceal, and so
induce Washburn to inculpate himself. This
very man, whose genius and learning, in the
view of the gentleman from Maryland, shed
luster over tyranny, was himself seized by the
tyrant upon the charge of being engaged in the
conspiracy, and was tortured and shot.
Mr. Washburn himself demanded his pass-
ports three times before he succeeded in obtain-
ing them. I know that the last excuse was that
he claimed that Bliss and Masterman were
members of his legation. I understand the
gentleman from Maryland to admit that they
were members of the legation ; but his remarks
imply that it was the duty of Mr. Washburn,
instead of accepting his passports and leaving
Paraguay, to have stayed and been shot in the
streets of Asuncion. I do not know that I go
with the gentleman in that idea. It seems to
me that it is a little on the order of the Bowery
boy who aspired to wrap himself in the Amer-
ican flag, shoot off two horse-pistols, and die
in a creditable manner. I think that would
have been a poor solution of the question for
Washburn. The necessity of saving his own
life was that he might save the lives of others.
I read from the testimony of Dr. Stewart:
" Did you consider your life in danger previous to
the departure of Mr. Washburn ?
*'Amwer. Yes.
"Had Mr. Washburn been made prisoner, would
it have affected your condition and that of other
foreigners in Paraguay who have since escaped; if
so, how?
"Answer. Indisputably ; ourliveswotild have been
endangered, most likely taken; and had Mr. Wash-
burn been thrown into prison, as was at one time
suggested by Mrs. Lynch, and by the late bishop o.f
Paraguay, X am convinced that he would have been
tortured and made way with liko the other victims
of Lopez. In this case his death would no doubt
have been attributed to natural causes or to suicide.
Lopez would have set at defiance the whole power
of tile UnitedStates, and in ail probabilitybe would
not have left one of u^ to tell the story of his crimes."
He goes on still further: •
II Did you consider the arrival of the Y/nsp and
the departure of Mr. Washburn as improving your
chance of escape?
"Answer. Certainly; the belief of us who re-
mained in the power of Lopez was that our chances
of liberation were favored by his having escaped.
He would be sure to acquaint the States and the
whole civilized world with the true character of the
tyrant, was our thought—would unvail the mystery
which had so long shrouded the acts of the pres-
ident. and kept out of sight the sufferings of Par-
aguay. Onec publie opinion was directed to the
subject by the evidence of an unimpeachable wit-
ness wc felt assured that public sympathy would
follow, and no effort be spared to rescue us from our
perilous position."
If Mr. Washburn had been killed in the
streets of Asuncion, as the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swaxn] seems to think he
should have been, and rather regrets that he
was not—I do not mean any unkindriess to
the gentleman; if Mr. Washburn had been
assassinated in Asuncion while under the
charge of conspiracy against Lopez, he would
not only have lost his life, but his character
also would have been assassinated by the con-
fessions extorted by torture. He himself,
before he was shot, would have been tortured
and compelled, with his mashed fingers, as
many victims were, to sign a confession that
he had conspired against the life of Lopez;
aud after his death it would have been pub-
lished to the civilized world, and we should
then have been obliged to say, that these things
being true, he had justly met his fate. It was
not to save alone his life, but to save his honor,
which the gentleman from Maryland himself
so much prizes. It was due to himself that
he should escape and get upon neutral ground,
so as to stir up pur Government for the pur-
pose of securing the escape of American citi-
zens left in the power of the tyrant Lopez.
That he did secure the escape of these victims
is the best vindication of his intentions and
proof of the wisdom of his acts. That he lived
to escape is wonderful, considering the tardi-
ness of the American admiral in going to his
rescue.
Mr. Washburn, immediately on his escape,
gave his utmost exertions for the rescue of his
prol£g£s. He stirred up Admiral Davis and
did his best to induce that officer to act with
the promptness the occasion required. Min-
ister Webb used his influence to the same end.
But thetortureof American citizens, the knowl-
edge that each day might close on their lives,
could not stir the pulse of an American admiral
or hasten his movements. Sixty days were
wasted in what should have been done in twenty.
I wish I had time to refer to the testimony
of Minister Webb and others, to show how
heartless was all this delay, how painful the
anxiety of those who witnessed it and could not
prevent it. During this time Bliss wrote his
book, long extracts of which were read by
the gentleman from Maryland to show the
author unworthy of belief. Is not that unjust?
Familiar as the gentleman is with all the tes-
timony in this case, does he not know that the
book was written at the command of Lopez,
after terrific torture, while the writer was
guarded by soldiers who assisted his imagina-
tion and diligence with prods of the bayonet?
Does he not know that Lopez was ridiculously
vain as well as devilishly cruel? He required
a book that should defame his enemy in every
line that did not exalt him. The cook must
season the dish to the palate of the epicure.
It answered its purpose, in that it was so gross
as to suit the taste of Lopez, and kept his
deadly hand from the author for the weary time
while the mental eye of Bliss was strained to
catch sight of an American man-of-war com-
ing to his relief. I admit the book was false—
false in every line, except where it described
Lopez as if such descriptions had been re-
membered from Washburn's conversations;
and there the descriptions were accurate,
though not original with the subject of the
biography. I admit the book was false. It
had to be a mass of falsehoods to answer its
purpose—to save the life of its author. Wash-
burn had told Bliss and Masterman to confess
anything about himself, true or false, to save
their lives. This license was used, and adroitly.
Perhaps it had been better for Bliss to have let
himself be shot rather than write a book that
no sane man would think a reflection on his
benefactor's good name) knowing its falsity
and the circumstances under which it was writ-
ten. It is easy to talk here on these carpeted
floors of what a man should do in the hands
of a savage. I trust I may never be put to that
test, or the chivalrous gentleman from Mary-
land either.
But the book came to an end after every
expedient bad been used to prolong the story,
and Bliss and his companion were just about
to perish when the Wasp appeared. If there
is any pitiful side to this story for an American
jealous of the honor of his nation it is in the
conduct of Davis with Lopez. He wrote a let-
ter demanding these two men as members of
the American legation, and dispatched it to
Lopez as soon as he arrived. Lopez invited
him to an interview, and, on his suggestion, he
takes back his manly letter and writes another
in which he consents to treat them as crim-
inals, and become the bearer of their indict-
ment to the United States. He even sends two
of his officers to witness the reading of the
confessions extracted by torture from Bliss
and Masterman, and their signatures thereto.
These officers, Maitland and Ramsay, went to
Lopez's headquarters for that purpose, and to
the hall of torture, where Bliss and Masterman
were brought in, in rags, ironed, with tortured
limbs, and brow-beaten by the chief inquisitor,
even in the presence of American officers. The
victims were not told that any American vessel
had arrived for their relief. They were not
informed of the office of the visitors. Neither
of these officers had a word of encouragement
for them; did not ask them if their avowals
were voluntary; did not give them a chance
for a word in private, or even salute them
publicly.
_ They were apparently fascinated by the gra-
ciousness of Lopez and Lynch. An American
citizen in rags, covered with vermin, with hag-
gard face and unkempt hair, had no attractions
tor their fastidious senses, and no claims on
their charity or countenance. Lopez said they
were conspirators, and did they not sign their
own confession to prove it? They did not even
insist that the prisoners should be given up
after all this. They returned to the Wasp,
leaving the " conspirators " still in the power
of Lopez. The next day, I think, toward night,
those men were sent off in a canoe and arrived
