1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
lend them, just aa any creditor or friend lends
his debtor or friend, the credit of the United
States to a limited amount, describing what
that amount was, describing the form in which
this loan of credit should be made, and then
providing that in that form and for that pur-
pose it should constitute in and of itself a mort-
gage of the whole line, and a mortgage of the
whole amount for the repayment of any uiter-
est which shall havebeen paid by the United
Slates." If language means anything, that
must mean which shall have at any time been
paid by the United States.
Then it provides that if they fail " to redeem
said bonds or any part of them"—and " any
partof them" is nota phrase of enumeration,
but it is a phrase of quantity, just as all law-
yers know in pleading that the charge against,
the defendant is " that he has failed to pay
said note or notes or any part thereof"—if
the company shall fail to pay any part of these
bonds, which have already been described to
be bonds bearing interest payable semi-annu-
ally, which have already been named to be
secured by this mortgage for the interest by
name, as well as the principal, then the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may take possession.
Now, it is said by those who think otherwise
that the next section, which says '- that the
grants aforesaid are made upon condition that
the company shall pay said bonds at matur-
ity," must imply that the bonds, and the in-
terest as well as the bonds, should not be paid
before maturity ; but they forget that this sixth
section is not a section for mora security in
taking possession whenever it is necessary to
make the United States good, as the fifth sec-
tion is; but it is a section of absolute for-
feiture of the grants, the gifts that have been
made to the company of land and franchises.
There is the difference. Therefore it seems
to me plain that the sixth section has 110 result
at all to limit the effect of this absolute mort-
gage for interest as well as principal, for every
part of the bonds, interest as well as principal,
accoiding to their tenor and effect, which is
as the litth section states them to be, a semi-
annual payment of a certain installment of
interest thereon. I say it seems to me the
sixth section does not limit that at all.
It is said also, and it is true, that this act of
1SG2 provided that the United States should
retain all transportation which the company
might do for it to be applied toward the reim-
buisement of the United States for the whole
amount of the debt which the United States
might, hold against the company; and that is
provided for:
And ali compensation for services rendered for
tlie Government shall be applied to tlie payment of
said bonds and interest until the whole amount is
iully paid.
That is a further provision added to the secur-
ity of the mortgage upon the property, which
would not be a mortgage upon the Government
of the United States, and which the company
would have a right to sue for and collect like
any other common carrier. There is added to
this mortgage provision, I say, a further pro-
vision which the mortgage provision did not
carry ; and that was that the United Slates,
being from time to time the debtor of the com-
pany for the carriage and transportation of the
goods, &c., should not pay its debt, but should
lioid it as utiadditional iuud to reunburse itself.
'1 hen came the act of 18G4 which provided,
instead of retaining the whole ot this compen-
sation by the clause which has just been read,
" that only one half of the compensation for
services rendered for the Government by said
companies shall be required to be applied to
the payment, of the bonds issued by the Gov-
ern ment in aid of the construction of said
roads." So that we cease to have aright to
retain, by force of this mortgage and by force
of this original provision, one half of the com-
pensation ; and as to the other half we were
left exactly as if there had been no provision
made about any part of it in either statute.
Then the case would stand just in this way:
we have a mortgage upon this property, with
a right to take possession for non payment of
interest, because we had loaned our credit and
it was the duty of the debtor to keep us reim-
bursed. Meantime, the debtor has performed
services for us in the course of his business for
which we confessedly owe him. Now, these
several debtors, as the case stands to-day, owe
the United States between six and seven mil-
lion dollars, if that is the amount, a very large
amount of unpaid interest; the United States
owes these various debtors, however much it
may amount to; we will say one or two mil-
lions—probably less than that; say $1,000,-
000—for transportation. Then you have the
ordinary case of a creditor with a mortgage on
one side, with a large debt due to him, and a
debtor upon the other side who has performed
service for the creditor upon another account
having a sum due to him which is less than his
mortgage debt. Now, it ought to be left to
the law and to administrative adjustment to
determine what should be done in such a case;
and I say this, independent of any question as
to what it is wise to do in respect to the failure
of these companies to keep up their interest.
Undoubtedly it is for the interest of the
United States to keep up that great line of
communication across the continent; it must
not be permitted to go down; but if it is to go
down, the United States ought to preserve
itself, as far as it can, by exercising at the
proper time and in a proper way its power
of self-preservation. Therefore, if we by any
provision of law deny that we have any rights
until the end of thirty years which we are en-
titled to enforce in a court of justice or any-
where else for this enormous amount, of ac-
cumulating interest, thereby putting ourselves
entirely in the power of these corporations to
set us at defiance, we run a very large risk, if
misfortune should continue to follow them, that
we shall find ourselves five years hence, or
ten years hence, or whatever the time may be,
still compelled from national obligation to take
possession of this property, to rebuild it and
keep it up, without having any of the advan-
tages which would accrue to us now if we should
leave the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
President of the United States as the head of
administration, in connection with tj>ese com-
panies, to exercise toward them the same
prudence, the same generosity, and the same
care, looking to the interests of ail sides, that
intelligent people would in the management
of their own affairs. You cannot legislate on
business questions in this way, because you
cannot enter into the details and the considera-
tions which ought to govern your action.
This is all I wish to say. 1 have stated the
reason why I think this amendment ought not
to be adopted on this bill. But from the vote
on the motion to lay it upon .the table, when I
find a majority of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, which has endeavored to stand so strongly
in favor of keeping an appropriation bill what
it was intended to be, against me, and a ma-
jority of the Senate, 1 have very little hope
that we shall not commit ourselves to a line of
policy in connection with this matter which we
may, at no very distant day, entirely regret; and
that not on the ground of our now refusing to
attempt to do anything for the aid and benefit
of these companies, which I would advise the
Secretary of the Treasury and the President
to do at any time whenever they think they can
do so consistently with the rights of the baited
, States and with the safety of the final audulti-
! mate success of this scheme, but upon the
| ground I have stated, that as a matter of legis-
> lat.ion. surrendering a rightthat it seems to me
i exists under this statute and denying it to our-
I selves, so that we cannot exercise it in any
I emergency, is a matter that we ought not to
' enter upon.
Havin" said this, 1 shall leave the commit-
tee (audi beg pardon for having made a mo-
tion in its behalf that I was not authorized to
make) to have the amendment adopted or
rejected as they may think fit.
Mr. STEWART. One word in reply. I do
not wish to occupy any time. This matter has
been considered all the winter in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. They have made a
very careful and elaborate report upon it. All
the members of the committee, I believe, who
acted upon it concurred in it, except the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, is not quite true.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, that is quite true.
I say all who acted on the subject. The Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Coxki.ixg,] for
reasons stated, was interested in the question,
and did not act. But the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thbrman,] the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Rice,] and myself concurred in the
report which was made by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.] It might be
well to read a portion of that report. If any
Senator desires it, the whole of it can be read,
but I think it would be well to read that por-
tion bearing particularly upon this question.
The double question was submitted to them, at
what time the interest fell due, and whether
the Secretary was under obligation to obey
this law and pay the money over; and upon
that question the committee say in the conclud-
ing part of their report:
" But a more conclusive consideration yefc remains,
Two years after the passage of this act the company
came again to Congress, and represented its inability
to build this road without yet more favorable pro-
visions at the hands of Congress; and the debates in
both Houses, while the act of 1864 was under consid-
eration* clearly show that Congress understood the
effect of the act of 1862 to be that before stated. And
in the fifth section of the act of 18<>4, for the purpose
of making more favorable terms to the company, it
was among other things, provided as follows: ,
" 4 Only one half of the compensation for services
rendered for the Government by said companies
shall be required to be applied to the payment of
the bonds issued by the Government in aid of the
construction of said road?.' .
"It is a well-settled rule of construction that stat-
utes in pari materia are to be construed together,
and the provisions of one may be referred to for the
explanation of provisions in the other. Bearing in
mind that Congress, by the former act, designed to
encourage investment of capital in this work, and
that the act of 1864, as appears from ali its provis-
ions, was intended to be yet more favorable to the
company, the provision above quoted can be under-
stood in no other sense than that Congress intended
to relieve the company from applying more than
half of the compensation for services to the payment
of bonds, and that the other half should be paid to
the company. What possible benefitwould this have
been to the company if the company was bound to
pay that, and a much larger sum, immediately back
to the Government to satisfy accruing interest on
the bonds? ., . ,,
44 When this bill was under consideration m the
House of Representatives, Mr. Washbume, ot Illi-
nois, referring to the provision above quoted, paid:
Instead of the compensation due the company
for services rendered to the Government being ap-
plied to the payment of the bonds issued m aid ot
the construction of the railroads, one half only by
thi* bill is to go in that direction, and the other halt
is to be paid by the Government to the company, a
proposition I cannot agree to.'— Congressional Lilobc,
June 21, Isol, p. 3151. , ,
" It is evident, from the statutes themselves, that
the company is not bound to make any payment in
money on account of these bonds, except the nve
per cent, of net proceeds, until the maturity ot stud
bonds, thirty years from their date._ And it is equally
evident, from the debates in both Houses of Congress
when theso acts were passed, that it was the inten-
tion of Congress so to frame them as to accomplish
"Therefore, in response to the resolutions of the
Senate, it mu.st be answered:
" 1. That the companies are not lawfully bound to
reimburse thfc Government any interest paid by tue
Government on these bonds until the tn iturtty ot
the principal of said bonds, except that one half or
the compensation for services fur the Government
mav be retained by the Government, and live per
cent, of the net proceeds of tlie roads
annually applied to tue payments oi said bonds and
interest thereon; and ,
2. That the Secretary of the freasury has no
rigrluto withhold from the company more I-.ban one
half of the compensation due the company lor ser
vices performed for the Government.
•' Thesecond of tho above answers is a mere eorol-
lnrv from the first. But whether the first be corrtct
or "iueorrcet, whether or not. th® w
now to-pay to the Government the interest it has
paid on these bonds, nevertheless the Secretary of
the Treasury cannot violate an express _ statute to
enforce payment. The statute declares, jn eo many
words, that' only one half of tho compensation of
