1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
at the war vessel's side. How were they re-
ceived ? Like members of the American lega-
tion ; like men having any claim on the courtesy
or kindness of our officers? Not at all. They
were in rags, and were so allowed to remain.
Not even a mattress was given them on which
to rest their weary and torture-worn limbs.
They were treated as desperate criminals, put
under arrest, and fed on prison fare; and were
so treated while on that vessel and the next one
to which they were transferred. Why this con-
duct, so revolting to all ideas of decent hospi-
tality? It was because Admiral Davis was
captured by the Marshal President Lopez. He
believed all that monster of licentiousness,
cruelty, and baseness alleged against those
men. That he wa3 captured by Lopez is shown
not only by his endeavoring to please him by
mistreating those he went to rescue, and re-
ceiving them as criminals, but by direct testi-
mony. Mr. Worthington, the American minis-
ter, testifies of the admiral as follows:
"Question. How did he speak of Lopez ?
"Answer. lie spoke of Lopez as being acourteous
gentleman, who treated him with profound respect;
iiman of fine bearing. He spoke of his shrewdness,
and in a way to satisfy me that he was very decidedly
impressed with the general bearing of Lopez.
"Question. Did he speak oi having had a personal
intorview with Lopez ?
"Answer, Yes,sir; quite aprotractedone.Iunder-
stood from him."
I have but time to glance a moment at the
conduct of JIcMahon, Mr. Washburn's succes-
sor. He stands out as the sole apologist of the
monster, and the admirer of Madame Lynch.
The fact that, though Bliss and Masterman were
for hours on the Wasp before he left the vessel
he sought no interview with them, did not seek
to hear their side of the story or trouble him-
self with their wrongs, is enough to show him
lacking in humanity. Bliss says he sent word
to him by an officer of the ship that he wished
an interview, and that the answerbrought back
was that when the minister wanted to see him
he would let him know. lie left the vessel
without, seeing him. This minister went to the
camp of Lopez and followed his fortunes,
became his executor, and the guardian of his
bastards, if the facts are correctly stated.
One thing is certain ; he could see tens of
thousands of women and children perishing
under the tyranny of Lopez and not condemn.
He could see the best men left in Paraguay
tortured and killed day by day and not think
Lopez cruel. He must have known of the
scourgings of Lopez's sisters and mother, for
he was often in the wandering camp where the
atrocities were committed. He is not embraced
in the resolution, of censure, and perhaps prop-
erly, for these facts argue insensibility or in-
humanity, and not a neglect or violation of
official duty.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot finish all I would say
because I have promised to yield part of my
time to my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
and now give him the floor. I trust the res-
olutions of the majority and the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth]
will be adopted. •
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, it so happened
that last summer I looked into the questions
presented by the majority and minority reports
in the matter now before us, and while I natu
rally felt inclined to agree with my distinguished
friend, Governor Swann, the more I read and
examined, the more I differed with him. When
the question came up yesterday I went to him,
before the argument began, and told him so.
He asked me to listen to him, and he thought
I would be convinced. I did so, and am not
convinced. Happening to ask some questions
and take some interest in the debate, and the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] hav-
ing allowed me fifteen minutes in which to give
my reasons for the vote I shall give, I embrace
the opportunity.
I listened with great interest and pleasure to
the argument of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Orth J and of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Swank,] and if what was said by
41st Gosg. 3d Sess.—No. 22.
the former was shaken by the latter I failed to
comprehend it. I can indorse to the fullest
extent all that Governor Swann said about the
Navy. I would not pluck one laurel from the
brow of any American sailor. I have always
felt an honest pride in all their triumphs, and
sincere regret when misfortunes befell them.
As a member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions of this House, I have voted liberally for
the maintenance of that branch of the service,
and shall continue to do so ; but I am utterly
unable to comprehend how a rebuke to an offi-
cer who fails to do his duty can be tortured into
an attack on the American Navy. As well
might the gentleman from Maryland have
argued that a vole of censure or expulsion
against a member of this House who had been
proved guilty of receiving bribes, or selling
cadetships, was an attack on the American
Congress. This proceeding is really in defense
of the Navy in the broadest sense. When our
naval officers do acts worthy of commenda-
tion Congress has repeatedly bestowed votes
of thanks upon them, from the days of Paul
Joftes to the present. Surely a vote of cen-
sure ought to follow such acts as meet the dis-
approval of the Representatives of the people.
It is a correlative right, and its exercise on
proper occasions makes our commendation,
when deserved, more valuable. If wo vote
annually large sums of money out of the
pockets of the people to support our Navy
and pay our officers, and send them to distant
seas to protect our citizens and our commerce,
and they fail to do it, the good of the service
requires that they should be called to account
by the people's Representatives for their fail-
ure. If that is not done, if glittering gener-
alities and high-sounding eulogiums about the
Navy, its past general history and its future
importance, are to be pleaded here success-
fully as an answer to specific charges against
a particular officer in a particular case, then
there is no responsibility anywhere, and 110
incentive to officers to do their duty when
those who do not are treated and trusted as
well as those who do.
•Admiral Godon either did his duty in this
particular case or he did not. If ho did, let us
say so; if he did not, let us say so; 1 speak with-
out feeling on this subject. I do not know any
of these gentlemen ; I never saw either Ad miral
Godon, Admiral Davis, or Mr. Washburn ; and
confess I was at first somewhat prejudiced
against Mr. Washburn. I only know that they
were all accredited officers of this Government,
with rights, duties, and responsibilities to the
country and to each other; and I regret to
say that the record, on which alone we can
act, forces the conviction on my mind that the
first resolution of the majority of the commit-
tee, which asserts that "Admiral Godon, in
neglecting to aid Mr. Washburn in reaching the
Government to which he was accredited, failed
to discharge his duty as commander of the
South Atlantic squadron," is true, and the
fourth resolution of the minority on that sub-
ject is wholly unsustained by the facts.
Every gentleman in the House jnust have
observed how utterly the gentleman from Mary-
land failed to answer or deny any of the dam-
aging facts so vigorously stated in the report
of the majority and by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Oiitii] in his speech on this sub-
ject. Indeed, his whole speech,, when it was
not eulogistic of the Navy in general and of
Admirals Godon and Davis on their past rec-
ords, was confined to abusing Bliss and Mas-
terman and to reflections on Minister Wash-
burn and Webb. I admit all that has been
said about the past record and high character
of both these admirals as fully and as freely as
I do all that was said about the Navy; still the
facts remain unchanged. No man in Massa-
chusetts stood higher or had a better character
or past record than Webster; still the facts
showed that he murdered Parkman. Good
character never removed an admitted fact; it
may tend to explain a dpubtful one.
It may be that no man stood higher in the
American Navy than Admiral Godon ; yet it
is true, or all the testimony is false, that he did
detain an American minister for over a year,
in violation of every principle of right and
justice, and without any excuse whatever; and
I am utterly unable to comprehend how the
bad character, if it in fact exists, of Bliss and
Masterman, one or both, can be supposed to
bear in the remotest degree upon the question
of Admiral Godon's guilt or innocence. His
misconduct, if any existed, was in 1805 and
1806. Bliss and Masterman were not seized
or maltreated till September, 1808 ; so that
neither their character, their testimony, nor
their conduct in any regard, can by any possi-
bility affect or bear upon the questions pre-
sented as to Admiral Godon. Mr. Speaker, I
never expected to hear it seriously argued on
this floor that the good or bad character of the
citizen whose rights were trampled upon, or
whose liberty was taken from him by the
wrongful acts of a foreign Government, was
a proper subject for inquiry by the officers of
the United States before they proceeded to
afford him protection. I have always sup-
posed, and shall always contend, that the
poorest, humblest, vilest, if you please, of the
citizens of the Republic has the same right to
the protecting arm of the Government as the
richest, proudest, and purest in the land.
The same protection which would be ex-
tended to the President of the United States,
or to any member of this House, must be
thrown around the humblest and meanest citi-
zen. It was because I so believed that I asked
my friend from Maryland whether these men
did not stand as high as Martin Koszta did,
according to the Austrian estimate of his char-
acter. He had been guilty of the gravest
offense against Austria while a citizen of that
country. He had fled and taken refuge in
Turkey; had been allowed to depart after de-
mand made for him by Austria, 011 condition
that he should leave and never return. He had
merely declared liis intention to become an
American citizen; and when he was afterward
seized and conveyed 011 board the Austrian
war-ship Huzzar, Captain Ingraham, of the
United States ship St. Louis, at the request
of our consul, Mr. Brown, without waiting to
inquire what his character or moral status was,
demanded his surrender to him, adding that if
he did not receive a satisfactory answer by four
o'clock in the afternoon he should cause the
prisoner to be taken away from the Austrian
authorities by main force. At the hour desig-
nated he ranged his vessel alongside of the
Huzzar and brought his guns to bear on the
Austrian ship. Koszta was surrendered. Mr.
Marcy, then Secretary of State, in one of the
ablest papers even he ever wrote, sustained
Captain Ingraham, Congress approved the act,
the country rejoiced, and the world applauded.
Does any gentleman here suppose that the
moral character or standing of the English
citizens was inquired into before her army was
sent to Abyssinia and the kingdom of Theo-
doras desolated because of the wrongs done to
English subjects? Was any other question
asked in the case of Mas n and Slidell except
whether men under the protection of the Brit-
ish flag had been deprived of that protection?
It seems to me but one answer can be given,
and that disposes of all that has been or can
be said about the character or status of Bliss
and Masterman, especially as even the first
resolution of the minority, agreeing in that
with the majority, says—
That the forcible arrest and detention of Messrs.
Bliss and Masterman, while under the protection of
the American flag, was an outrage which demanded
prompt reparation.
Whenever Congress admits the right of a
naval officer to inquire into or determine the
status, morally, socially, or politically, of any
citizen wrongfully imprisoned by a foreign
Power before be is required to make a per-
emptory demand for his release, this Govern-
