338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
merit will stand disgraced among the nations
of the earth, and ought to be disgraced.
But I am wasting time and must hurry on.
I assert that there is not a man upon this floor
who will turn t.o the record and read it who
will not come to the conclusion that the first
resolution of the majority ought to pass. I
repeat it:
Resolved, That Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, in
neglecting to aid Mr. Washburn ill reaching the
Government to which he was accredited, failed to
discharge his duty as commander of the South
Atlantic squadron.
Admiral Godon was placed in command of
the South Atlantic squadron in .rune, 1865.
Minister Washburn reached Rio Janeiro the
1st of October, 1865. Admiral Godon then
had six ships of war under his command, main-
tained there at an expense of millions of dol-
lars for no other purpose, with no other duties,
than the protection of American citizens and
American interests. Minister Washburn went
on board his ship the day he arrived, and the
admiral said he would send him on to his des-
tination* in a few days; that be had no ship
at that port then fit to go, but that the Wasp
would be there shortly.
In the mean time the admiral took a pleasure
trip of four hundred miles down the coast to
St. Catharines. The Wasp arrived, but the
admiral was gone, and Minister Washburn was
not sent forward to Asuncion. Why did the
admiral take that pleasure trip? He says it
was because Admiral Bell, an older officer than
he was, was expected to arrive there very soon :
that he had been promoted over Admiral Bell;
that Admiral Bell would have to hoist the red
flag and he himself would have to put up a blue
one, and it was for the purpose of avoiding a
point of delicacy between officers. So he went
off on a pleasure trip, thereby wasting more
coal than would have been necessary to send
Mr. Washburn to Asuncion. 1 prefer to give
bis own words:
"By Mr. Orth :
" Question. When you previously wont to St. Cath-
arineswhat was your object?
/'Answer. I went to look after some coal, to exer-
cise, and lor one other thing, which I will state.
Admiral Bell was expected daily at Rio. lie was my
M'nior in lineal rank, but I had been promoted in
adv-anee of liim. X carried a blue flag, and under the
regulations 1 should have been obliged to wear my
blue flag in his presence, and he to wear the red,
although he was my senior. 1 thought that that
■would not be agreeable to him, and that there might
be some little contention about it; and, to avoid any
naval complication of that kind between officers 1
sailed from Rio and did avoid it. When Admiral
liell was afterward promoted for war services he took
his proper place and was placed above me.
"By Mr. Sheldon:
" Question. It was out of courtesy to his feelingb ?
"Answer. Entirely so. I knew the sensitiveness
in regard to this matter of rank. I was on my own
station and did not want to haul down my flag in
violation of the regulations, nor did my officers wish
mo to do so. It was a matter of naval delicacy."
•The admiral said he had no coal for the
purpose. That was his first pretext, and it
was false from beginning to end, as is proved
in the record by the testimony of every officer
in his fleet who testified. There was coal at
Montevideo; there was coal at Buenos Ayres,
at Corrientes, at Rosario, at Parana; there
was coal everywhere. A private citizen, Mr.
Hale, offered himself to furnish all the coal
that was needed, but it was not accepted. On
this subject Admiral Godon says, on question
by Mr. Orth:
" Question. "VVas any proposition ever made to you
by any private person to furnish the coal gratui-
tously ? If so, what was your reply ?
" Answer. Yes, sir, there was. After I had settled
m my mind that I could not go, Mr. Hale, one of tho
oldest merchants in Buenos Ayres, came to see me.
He is an American, and a very respectable man. lie
mentioned that if that were the only difficulty in my
way he would furnish coal to go to Corrientes. I
replied, 'Mr. Hale, if it is necessary and proper to
send Mr. Washburn up to Corrientes I will burn all
the coal in my squadron. But as there is no interest
in the matter, I do not sec why I should burn any
coal to send him up there.'"
The admiral then made another visit to Gen-
eral Urquiza, on his own private account,
against the protest of the American minister
to the Argentine Republic, in which Urquiza
lived, and with the Government of which he
was then unfriendly. This General Urquiza
was a rich and influential man, not connected
with the Government, and when the American
minister protested that the Argentine Republic
would consider such a course on the part of
the admiral an unfriendly act if not a breach
of duty, the admiral replied that he did not
want the advice of tho American minister; that
he knew his own business. He made the trip
against the wish of Mr. Kirk, and in spite of
him he used three times more coal in his vari-
ous private pleasure trips than was necessary
to forward Mr. Washburn to his destination, j
On this subject Admiral Godon testified :
"Mr. Ivirk did not want me to go and visit Urquiza,
who was an influential man. but not holding a posi-
tion in the Government. 1 thought that Urijuiza
would be the great man of the couutry, and that
there was no reason why I should not *ro and see a
! man of his immense influence. But Mr. Kirk seemed
! to think it would not be pleasant and agreeable to
j the Government, and wrote me a note to that effect.
I I differed from him entirely, and I wrote an answer,
in which I stated that I guessed he (Kirk) would i
find that I scarcely needed a dry-nurse. I did not
go because of this little mishap. But afterward did
go and have an interview with him, as I felt that it
was my duty to pay my respects to him."
The whole secret of this matter, from be-
ginning to end, was that Admiral Godon did
not like Mr. Washburn : that he did not like
to be interfered with by any American minis-
ter. He was there with six ships of war, and
intended to assert his dignity. This record
shows that whenever he spoke of our diplo-
matic officers he spoke of them as political
humbugs sent there to serve party purposes ;
that they were broken down politicians who
were of no account any way. In speaking of
Mr. Washburn, in presence ofhis own officers—
I do not intend to be mealy-mouthed about
this matter, but to state the exact words used
by him, as sworn to by Captain Wells—he
said, at his own dinner-table, that "Washburn
was a damned son of a bitch." "I made no
reply," says Carptain Wells ; "I ate my dinner
in silence, and shortly after left." That was
the language used by this naval officer, lan-
guage unbecoming an officer and a gentleman ;
that was his course of conduct; and on sutli
pretexts, each as frivolous and groundless as
the other, he kept Mr. Washburn from reach-
ing his destination for thirteen months, to wit,
from October, 1865, till November, 1866.
The pretext he afterward made, that he
was afraid to break the blockade, was an
afterthought, one that never was suggested,
never was considered, never was talked about,
until the spring of 1866, when every other
excuse had failed him. Then it was brought
up, and when it was brought up the Secretary
ot State, in his letter to Mr. Washburn, of
April 16, 1866, spoke of any attempt on the
part of the allies to prevent our minister from
reaching Asuncion as a thing not to be
thought of, and closed his letter thus:
"Should the hindrance not cease within a reason-
able time, you will then deliver a copy of these in-
structions, together with a copy of the acoompanying
letter of instructions from the Secretary of the Navy,
to Admiral Godon, and will proceed in such vessel,
under such convoy as he shall furnish, to the place
of your destination.
"Iam. sir, &c., WILLIAM H. SEWABD."
Our Government had no idea that there
would be any attempt at interference; Admiral
Godon had not. It, too, was a pretext for
delay. Yet, although he began his prepara-
tions in June, 1866, he did not take Mr. Wash-
burn to Asuncion until the November follow-
ing. On the 8th of October, 1866, he wrote a
private letter to the officer who took him up,
explanatory, I suppose, of the order he had
publicly made, making all sorts of insinuations
against Washburn, and even against the State
Department, directing Captain Crosby to make
Washburn pay his own expenses, and express-
ing want of confidence in the minister. No
man can defend Admiral Godon in this matter.
He had plenty of coal for his steamers, although
he says he had not. The climate at that time
was healthy, although the admiral said it was
not. Finally, he did go through the blockade
without objection, except in the form of a
simple protest, and he could have done so in
October, 1865, as well as in November, 18GC.
His whole course of conduct was supercilious,
arbitrary, unworthy of an American officer,
and ought to meet the prompt condemnation
of the Representatives of the people.
Mr. SWANN. If the gentleman will permit
me, I would like to ask him whether the con-
duct of Admiral Godon was not approved
throughout by the Secretary of State and the
Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. DAWKS. That is the worst of it.
Mr. BECK. If it ever was approved it was
because the facts were not known, and because
the statements of Admiral Godon, made in the
absence of Mr. Washburn, were relied on as
true. I know that when this matter first at-
tracted public attention, Minister Washburn
was condemned because these officers of the
Navy came here and made their own state-
ments, told their own tale. But after the facts
were known, after witnesses had been exam-
ined and a fair investigation had, no officer of
the Government will ever pretend to indorse
the conduct of Admiral Godon; it cannot be
done by any man who reads the record. I
care nothing about the character of Mr. Wash-
burn or of Admiral Godon. I am not here to
discuss character in connection with this ques-
tion. Here was an American officer in com-
mand of a fleet sent out to aid our diplomatic
agents and protect our interests.
Here was a minister, appointed by the Pres-
ident and confirmed by the Senate, ordered to
go to his place. The duty of the admiral was
to send him there. With ample means at his
command the admiral failed to do so for more
than a year. He denounced him and all the
other ministers, General ^ebb, Mr. Kirk, and
everybody else who came in contact with him,
whenever he thought he could magnify his own
importance by doing it. He determined to
lord it over them all and to do as he pleased.
Will this House say that an American officer
of the Navy shall question the character or the
business of an American minister ? One of his
pretexts was that there was no necessity ofhis
going to Ascuneion ; that there were no Ameri-
can interests there needing to be guarded; that
whether he would ohdy or not the order sent
him would depend upon his own knowledge of
the business to be done. Who gave this naval
officer authority to consider any such question ?
I insist that the censure of this officer is de-
manded,not only for the protection of Amer-
ican ministers, but for the protection of Amer-
ican citizens everywhere, and as a lesson to
all such officers that they shall not hereafter
prostitute the power pertaining to their posi-
tions and deprive the United States of repre-
sentation at foreign courts upon any personal
piques of their own, or upon any views which
they may have as to what is necessary and
proper.
The gentleman from Maryland himself has
not defended the conduct of Admiral Godon.
No man can defend it. The character of Bliss
and Masterman may have been all that the
gentleman says; but that does not touch the
matter. Every witness who has testified has
testified against Admiral Godon's conduct.
Every captain in his fleet, every minister we
have had in South America, every man who
had intercourse with him, has shown the su-
perciliousness of this officer, who was visiting
about along the coast, raising questions of
courtesy with other officers, and enjoying him-
self as a private citizen, taking his spite out
on a minister whom he personally did not
like, and denouncing him in the vilest possi-
ble terms. If this resolution censuring the
conduct of Admiral Godon be not adopted,
then there will be no use of this Congr css talk-
ing about taking any control over American
naval officers, and there will be no propriety
hereafter in passing votes of thanks to officers
who do their duty if the correlative right is not
