1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
entering upon the duties of such office, and before
bping entitled to any of the salary or other emolu-
ments thereof, take'and subscribe thefollowing oath
or affirmation."
There are those who contend, and who did
contend when that law was ena'cted, that it was
not applicable to a member of Congress, a Sen
ator or Representative. That is a question
which I am not now going to argue. I argued
it at that time. When we passed that law in
1862 many of the offices of the country were
filledby persons sympathizing'with the rebel-
lion; we were in the midst of the war ; and
we thought we had authority to pass that law,
and we applied tho law, or have done so in
practice, to Senators and Representatives. I
shall do no more than state the point; 1 do not
propose to argue it.
The point made by those who thought that
the test oath of 1862 was not applicable to a
member of Congress was that the Constitution
of the United States had prescribed the quali-
fication of a Senator in these words :
"No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained to tho age of thirty years, and been nine
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall
not when elected be an inhabitant of that State for
which he shall be chosen."
That, it was insisted and is now insisted, is
equivalent to declaring that any person who is
thirty years of age, and has beon a citizen of
the United States nine years, and is elected,
and is an inhabitant of the State from which
he is elected, may be a Senator, and it has
been held in both Houses of Congress that
Congress and the States have no authority to
add to or take from the constitutional qualifi-
cations of a member of Congress. Th.is was
pressed, when the test-oath act was up in 1862,
upon the consideration of the Senate ; but the
practice since has been to require Senators to
take this oath.
There is another clause in the Constitution
of the United States which requires a member
of Congress to take an oath to support the
Constitution, and it was insisted that that was
all that could be required.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not think so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; I voted for the
law, and I insisted that we could make mem-
bers of Congress take the test-oath ; but, as I
said, it was a question about which there was
a good deal of contrariety of opinion. We
were in the midst of the war, and I confess I
said what I was able to say at that time upon
that side of the question; but it was never a
very clear point to make out.
Since then, however, another question has
arisefl, and that I will also state to the Senate
without proceeding to argue it. In 1868 the
people of the United States, in pursuance of
the action of Congress submitting to them cer-
tain constitutional amendments, amended their
Constitutions They made a law higher and
above all statutes, by which they declared that
certain leading rebels should be disqualified
from holding office. Now, what sort of per-
sons? Those certain persons who had held
office before the war and had afterward par-
ticipated in the rebellion. The people of this
country said they should not hold office unless
their disqualifications were removed by a two-
thirds vote of both branches of Congress. That
was.done in 1868.
Now, I submit to you, Mr. President, when
the people of these United States in 1868 said
that certain leading rebels should not hold
office, was it not equivalent to saying that the
others might hold office? When the Consti-
tution said that ""no person shall be a Sen-
ator who shall not have attained to the age of
thirty years," was not that equivalent to say-
ing that any person might, be a Senator who
had attained to the age of thirty years if he
possessed the other qualifications? When the
people of tlie^nited States said that no per-
son who had taken ail oath to support the
Constitution of the United States before the
war and went into the rebellion, if he had held
a certain class of offices, should hold office
under this Government, was not that equiv-
alent to saying that any other person who had
not taken that oath might hold office? That
is a proposition which 1 propose not to argue,
but merely to state for the consideration of the
Senate.
Another thing has been done. Within a
few days both Houses of Congress have passed
a bill, which is now in the President's hands,
declaring that any person who does not labor
under the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution may
take the modified oath prescribed by the act
of 1868; but that bill reads in this form:
"No person who shall be elected to any office and
who shall, in consequence of having participated in
the rebellion, be unable to take the oath of July 2,
1862, and who does not labor under the disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment, shall be
required to take the oath of 1862, but may take the
modified oath prescribed in 1868."
That bill extends to all the boys in the
southern States, to all the people in the south-
ern States, who never held any office before
the war and never took an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States. When
it becomes a law, as I suppose it will in a day
or two, then it will be in the power of the
President, if he thinks proper, and of the
heads of Departments, to appoint to the post
offices at any of the cross-roads, or to any other
office, any of those persons in the southern
States who were not leading rebels; that is,
who did not hold office before the war and
take an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States. But, as the law now stands,
the President cannot appoint a young man of"
twenty-five years of age who, say, was fifteen
when the war broke out, a postmaster at a
cross-roads if he aided his father who was in
the war, by taking a horse to him, or anything
else, so that he could not swear that he had
never given any countenance or support to per-
sons in armed hostility to the United States.
My own opinion is:—that is my view of it;
I do not wish to argue that point—that that
general bill which has passed would authorize
Dr. Miller to take this qualified oath. I know
it reads any person who " shall be elected,"
and who "shall be" unable to qualify in con-
sequence of participation in the rebellion ;
but I think those words in the future tense may
well be construed so as to embrace all persons
who have been or shall be elected. The object
of that law is not to prescribe the time when
the person is elected, but to fix the form of the
oath he is to take; and you are always, in con-
struing a statute, to look to the object of the
statute. But others differ with me about that,
and think that it is not applicable to Mr. Mil-
ler's case. It may be that the test-oath was
not, to begin with, constitutional originally ;
but admitting it to be constitutional, it is very
questionable whether the fourteenth amend-
mentdidnotrepeal it by implicationpro tanto ;
that is, as to all persons except those who
came within the fourteenth amendment; but
that is not Mr. Miller's case at all. Then,
again, the bill which has passed both Houses,
audi trust is soon to be a law, I think would
cover his case ; but others think differently.
The Committee on the Judiciary,.a majority
of them, thought the easiest way was to offer
this joint resolution, applicable to Mr. Miller
alone, which, if the Senate should pass it and
the House should concur, would dispose of
this question. Hence this resolution has been
brought in.
Mr. President, we have had some practice
in the Senate in regard to questions of this
kind. The first case that came up here was
the case of Mr. Patterson, a Senator from
Tennessee. That arose in 1866. Mr. Patter-
son had been a judge in Tennessee after that
State had determined by its Legislature or
convention to secede, and it was questionable
whether he could take the test-oath of 1862.
The Senate passed a joint resolution relieving
him from taking the test-oath of 1862, and
sent it to the House. That was passed unan-
imously here, I think, with only two or three
votes against it, thereby expressing it as the
opinion of the Senate that he should be per-
mitted to be sworn in without taking that oath.
The House refused to concur in the passage
of the resolution, and Mr. Patterson then came
forward and took the test-oath, feeling that he
could do so, and he was admitted to his seat in
the Senate. That occurred in 1866.
The next case which occurred was that of
Mr. Thomas. That case was decided in the
winter of 1867—68. The question in that case
was not as to taking any particular oath. On
his part he insisted that he was a loyal man,
and was ready to take any oath. He had been
Secretary of the Treasury, had held high posi-
tion, and left that office. As I remember, the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] thought
the manner in which he left it was very objec-
tionable. I am not going to go over the argu-
ment, but merely to bring the case to the notice
of the Senate. The Senate, after considerable
debate, decided that he could not take the oath
of 1862, and that he should not take his seat,
and the Governor of Maryland was notified,
and the Legislature of Maryland elected an-
other person, who now sits with us in that
place.
That occurred in 1868, before the passage
of the constitutional amendment, you will
observe, as also did Mr. Patterson's c^se.
Both were before the passage of the fourteenth
constitutional amendment. Hence they have
nothing to do with those cases which occurred
after the passage of that amendment.
The next case to which my attention has
been turned—there may be some that I have
not noticed—was that of Butler, of Tennes-
see, who was elected a member of the House
of Representatives. His case was decided in
the Senate on the 11th of June, 1868. That
was before the adoption of the constitutional
amendment also; and the law in his case was
.approved June 19, 1868, and is to be found in
the fifteenth volume of the Statutes, page 360.
That law prescribed precisely the same oath,
as I understand, as is now provided lor .Mr.
Miller, but the law also in that case, I see by
looking at it, relieved Mr. Bctler from polit-
ical disabilities. It was alleged that he labored
under political disabilities, which were re-
moved, and the law then went on to prescribe
the oath, I think in the very words—I have not
compared the words, but I understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say he did compare them—
in the very words provided in this resolution.
That passed June 19, 1868, by a very decided
vote of the Senate, and Mr. Butler has since
been serving as a member in the House of
Representatives. All these cases, however,
were before the passage of the act of July 11,
1808, prescribing the modified oath, and were
also, all of them, before the adopiion of the
fourteenth constitutional amendment.
The fourteenth amendment was declared rat-
ified on the 28th day of July, 1868, if my mem-
ory serves me correctly. One case has arisen
since that; that is, the case of Mr. Shoiikr,
of North Carolina. A. bill was passed on the
12th of April, 1870, less than a year ago, in
reference to him. He appeared in the liouse
of Representatives claiming to be elected a
Representative from North Carolina, and on
presenting himself it seems he was unable to
take the test oath of 1862. The House of
Representatives passed an act, which will be
found in the statutes, and which is dated the
12th of April last, authorizing him to take the
qualified oath which hud been prescribed by
the act of July 11, 1868.
I believe these are the only eases to which
I desire to call the attention of the Senate.
There may be some others, however. Now it
is proposed to do in Mr. Miller's case.just what
was done, so far as administering the oath >s
concerned, in the cases of Shober and of Buv-
ler, precisely the same thing. The case >>i'
ShobER arose since the constitutional amon<i-
ment; the case of Butler "before; and all the
