1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1777
in case the companies failed to pay the first
six months' interest on the bonds ?_
Mr. DAVIS. I have not investigated that
question. But my position is distinctly this:
that for all the interest which has been paid
by the Government upon these bonds, and for
the entire amount of arrearages in which the
company is indebted to the Government, the
Government has now a" perfect and immediate
present obligation upon thecompanyto refund
to the Government that amount, and that It
has every legal remedy and every right of
legislation that is authorized and appropriate
to the obtainraent of such remedy. I insist
that if the position assumed here to-day, and
which is so strenuously contended for by the
friends of the road, had been declared dis-
tinctly at the time the bill was before the Sen-
ate, that the Government should indorse these
bonds, that it should pay the interest as it
accrued, that it should pay the bonds when
they fell due at the end of thirty years, and
that it should have no claim for any repay-
ment or indemnity by the company at the
expiration of thirty years, and then for the
aggregate amount of the principal and the
interest, if that position had been distinctly
taken and contended for in the Senate wheu
the original bill passed, it would have had no
chance whatever to pass.
Sir, that is not the meaning of the law. It
is not a correct interpretation of the law. It is
a violation both of the letter and spirit of the
law, in my judgment, and outrages entirely
the sense which the Senate entertained in
relation to this matter when the law was passed.
I trust that this proposition will fail, and that
Congress will adopt the most effectual and
efficient measures to assert the obligation of the
company to the Government and to the pay-
ment of every dollar of its arrearages of inter-
est before this Congress leaves this Capitol. I
trust they will take steps to that end; and if
nobody else will introduce a measure to bring-
about that result, I pledge myself, humble as
I am, to undertake it myself.
Mr. COLE. I rise to ask for a vote on this
question. It has consumed enough time. I
protested to my friend from Nevada against
his offering this amendment to this bill, not-
withstanding he had the assent of a commit-
tee. When it was offered it was suggested to
me by my distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] that my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Appropriations [Mr. Edmcnds] had
given the subject full attention, and so I did
not rise to object to it. He did, and made
his showing against it, which was very con-
vincing and able I have no^doubt. When the
roll was called on the motion to lay the amend-
ment on the table, my vote would not have
changed the result. I did not vote at all.
Perhaps I should have voted to lay it on the
table; and if it would have been of any avail,
I presume I should have so voted, because, as
acting chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, I could not have done otherwise. I
hope we shall now have a vote on this ques-
tion, which I presume will conclude,this bill,
and then the committee have other bills, the
consideration of which they are ready to enter
upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to his own proposition will be regarded
as agreed to, and the question will recur on
agreeing to the amendment as modified as a
part of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it reported
as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows:
In accordance with the fifth section of the act
approved July 2,1864. entitled "An act to amend ail
act entitled 'An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes,' approved July 1,1862,"the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby directed to pay over in
money to the Pacific railroad companies mentioned
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 112.
in said act and performing services for the United
States one half of the compensation for such ser-
vices heretofore or hereafter rendered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that after the
word " compensation " the words "payable
bylaw" should be inserted, because the law
regulates how the compensation is to be paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is still open to amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps the Senator from
Nevada will accept that suggestion.
Mr. STEWART. How would it read then?
The Chief Clbsk. If amended as proposed,
the clause would read as follows:
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed
to pay over in money to the Pacific railroad com-
panies mentioned in said act and performing services
for the United States, one half of the compensation
payable by law for such services heretofore or here-
after rendered.
Mr. STEWART. The law* expressly says
that they shall be paid for one half of the
service. I do not think that that modification
would add anything to the amendment. We
want to direct the Secretary to pay over one
half.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not see that it would
detract anything from it either.
Mr. STEWART. I am afraid it would.
Mr. CASSERLY. These laws are spread
over a great many pages of different volumes
of the statute-books. For one, I am not able to
determine at this moment this point: whether
or not the amendment as proposed by the Sena-
tor from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] binds the Gov-
ernment to pay compensation in cases where
none should be paid, or where none is now
payable by law. i do not say that there is such
a case. I do not say because I do not know
that there is not. The intention of this amend-
ment certainly was not to enlarge 
Mr. STEWART. Not at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will hear
me out he will understand me better and we
shall make more progress with this discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to be interrupted, and will
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CASSERLY. I say the object of the
amendment is not to enlarge the rights of these
companies, but simply to relieve them from
the effort of the construction given by the
Government to existing laws. What is that
construction? It is that the Government has
the right to offset the interest paid by it on its
bonds against the whole of the compensation
earned by the companies, instead of one half
of the compensation as claimed by the com-
panies. This is all the amendment aims to
do. But whether under this amendment any
compensation is to be paid, or how much, must
be regulated by existing law. In that point
of view alone I desire to put in the words
"payable by law."
Mr. STEWART. I think 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from California yield to the Senator from
Nevada?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do.
Mr. STEWART. I think that modification
would leave it in the same doubt that it is now.
The Secretary says that one half of the com-
pensation is not payable by law. I am afraid,
therefore, that if we insert the words suggested
by the Senator, it would leave the question in
just the same doubt that it is now in in the Sec-
retary's mind. That is the only objection I
have to it. In the way I should construe it,
his amendment would be entirely satisfactory ;
but I do not see how the Secretary has avoided
paying over this money under the law as it
stands, which says expressly that he shall pay
over one half.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The law does not say
expressly that he shall pay over one half. Let
me read it to my distinguished friend.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield to the Senator from
Vermont? .
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly. I yield with
the greatest pleasure, because I am desirous to
have this question thoroughly understood, at
least by myself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The language which ap-
plies to the Secretary of the Treasury as to
retaining compensation, upon which the Sen-
ator from Nevada stands and says the Secre-
tary is commanded to pay it over, is this:
"And that only one half of the compensation for
services rendered for the Government by said com-
panies shall be required to be applied to the pay-
ment of the bonds issued by the Government in aid
of the construction of said roads."
That is to say, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall not be obliged to apply the whole for
this purpose, but lie may pay one half of it
over to the companies if he thinks the public
interest will admit of it, He is not commanded,
as he is in the first act of 1862, to apply the
whole of this transportation money to bonds
and interest; but the act of 1864 says that he
shall be required to apply only one half of it,
leaving the rest of it without any requirement
of statute either way, upon the general prii>-
ciples of service and compensation.
Mr. DAVIS. That does not affect the ques-
tion of interest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true enough.
Therefore the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, if we are to understand it as it read's,
does reverse this statute, and is, besides that,
open to the very serious objection made by the
Senator from California. But perhaps the state-
ment of the Senator from Nevada as to what
it means will be enough to control the courts
hereafter, because one great ground of con-
struction in favor of these companies sought
to be found in these statutes has been what
A, B, and C, Tom, Dick, and Harry, said
the reasons for their votes were when the
original bill was passed. Hence, I suppose,
the Senate and all the courts would be bound
by the statement of the Senator from Nevada
just as much as if the statement were incor-
porated in the statute that makes it the law,
upon the idea in which this subject has been
carried on.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state a fact. In the
onset that my friend from Nevada made on
this road between eighteen months and two
years ago he stated distinctly that on the aver-
age aid in the form of land and money subsi-
dies received by the road from the United States
Government the company had declared divi-
dends of several hundred per cent.; and he
stated most distinctly, and with an emphasis
which I shall never forget, that it was obviously
the purpose of the company to go into bank-
ruptcy and place itself in such condition that
it should go into bankruptcy, the road and all
of its property being sold over to the first mort-
gage bondholders, and the Government being
left without any indemnity or without any means
of indemnity whatever to foot the whole of
these bonds and the accumulated interest upon
them at the end of thirty years.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California on the right [Mr. Cassem,y] has
modified his amendment at the desk. It will
be reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
In accordance with the fifth section of the act
approved July 2,1864, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean and to seoure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes,' approved July 1,1862," the Secretary of
the Treasury is herebydirected to pay overm money
to the Pacific railroad companies mentioned m said
act and performing services for the united elates
one half of the compensation, at rates provided by
law, for such services heretofore or hereafter ren-
dered.
Mr. STEWART. I have nonobjection to
that. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from California will be regarded
as agreed to; and the question recurs on fcae
amendment as amended- t
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire some inform*-
