1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
exercised of censuring those who do not; for
the one follows the other to make it worth
anything.
That is all I have time to say about the case
of Admiral Godon. As my time has been kindly
extended for twenty minutes, I desire to say
a few words relative to the conduct of Admiral
Davis, who succeeded Admiral Godon, and was
in command during the year 18G8, when Mr.
Washburn left the country, and Bliss and Mas-
terman were wrongfully seized, imprisoned, and
tortured. Just here I may remark that I do
not see in this recprd upon what the gentle-
man representing the minority bases his reso-
lutions of censure against Minister Washburn.
I do not understand where he finds his justifi-
cation for blaming him for his connection
with Bliss and Masterman. He has done so,
but without any evidence whatever to sustain
him in so doing. Mr. Washburn had been
minister to Paraguay from 1881 till 18(55. He
had obtained leave' of absence from his Gov-
ernment early in 1865 and had returned. Whiie
he was in Paraguay there is no evidence tend-
ing to show that he did not do his whole duty
as an American citizen and an American min-
ister. While he was absent on leave the war be-
tween the allies and Paraguay had commenced.
On his return he found Lopez in the midst of
his career of brutality and cruelty—a career
such as the world never before witnessed. I
do not propose to go over the disgusting rec-
ord of his conduct, but I ask the members
to send for Executive Document No. 5, first
session Forty-First Congress, and there tliey
will find a list of over eight hundred men mur-
dered in cold blood, after undergoing unspeak-
able tortures. Under the orders of Lopez, his
priests, and his mistress, Mrs. Lynch, there
were enacted scenes of horror such as never
disgraced the darkest hours of the Spanish
Inquisition, nor the worst days of the Council
of Three, in the dungeons of Venice.
Torture as exquisite as it was possible for
torture to be made was applied. When a man
confessed he was put to death because of the
confession extorted from him, and when he
failed to confess he was put to death because
he would not confess. His own brothers, his
own sisters, his own brothers-in-law, the mar-
shals of his realm, all fell under his suspicion.
Being so successful in removing all who op-
posed or could expose him, he endeavored to
implicate Minister Washburn in a charge of
conspiracy against him, of which there has
been no proof, not a scintilla of evidence; but
he tried to get rid of him merely as a man he
did not like, and who he thought would expose
his tyranny to the civilized world, and espe-
cially to his Government of the United States.
Lopez wished for some excuse to get Mr.
Washburn in his possession, and by torture to
extort confessions, and finally to put him out
of the way, knowing that the dead can tell no
tales.
lie could find no excuse for his charge
against Mr. Washburn except that he had em-
ployed two men who had formerly been in the
employ of the Paraguayan Government. ^One
of them was Mr. Bliss, a citizen of New York.
Mr. Washburn employed him as early as Feb-
ruary, 18C8, andhehadnotifiedtheGovernment
of Paraguay that he had done so. That Govern-
ment acquiesced in his act, acknowledged that
he had the right to do so. Mr. Bliss lived with
Mr. Washburn up to the time he demanded Ins
passport and got away. Dr. Masterman, an
Englishman, was the other man whom he was
charged with employing wrongfully and con-
spiring with against Lopez. Dr. Masterman
was a physician and Mr. Washburn employed
him to attend to his sick family. He had him
there, under his protection, as one of his per-
sonal suite. For some considerable time before
his departure charges were trumped up against
these two men, and they were expected to im-
plicate Mr. Washburn in an alleged conspiracy
against the tyrant. It was expected that under
torture confessions could be extorted from them
which would disgrace Mr. Washburn forever
and probably excuse his murder. Findingthat
he could no longer be useful be very properly
left.
The gentleman from Maryland said yester-
day that Mr. Washburn was not in any personal
danger; that General McMahou had said so.
Why, sir, General McMahon did not arrive in
Paraguay for two months after Mr. Washburn
had left, and he could not by any possibility
have known whether he was in danger or not.
Washburn left in September, and McMahon
did not arrive until the following December.
His evidpnee, therefore, is worth nothing.
General Webb, who was at Rio, in Brazil,
Dr. Stewart, and others, who were upon the
ground, have sworn to the fact that Minister
Washburn's life was in danger, and that efforts
were constantly being made for the purpose of
implicating him in alleged conspiracies, so as
to enable Lopez to send him where he had
sent the eight hundred others to whom I have
alluded. Minister Washburn, after consulta-
tion with these men, Bliss and Masterman, de-
termined to leave and take them with him if he
could; if he could not, take prompt measures
for their release. In order to reach the Amer-
ican fleet he was compelled to get aboard of a
Paraguayan steamer and go down the river
twenty miles to the point where his own coun-
try's ship was lying." Admiral Davis was then
in command of the American squadron in place
of Admiral Godon, and Minister Washburn
had to go by a Paraguayan steamer twenty
miles down the rivet- before he could reach the
American ship. Bliss and Masterman were
not allowed to depart with him. They were
seized by the order of Lopez and imprisoned
while on their way to the wharf.
Now, sir, for gentlemen to come here and say
that Mr. Washburn ought to have stayed there
with his sick and dependent wife and family,
with the character of his government and his
own character at stake, and that he ought to
have died on the spot, is to my mind simply
folly. I have no doubt the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swann] would have done it,
for he says he would. There are doubtless
gentlemen of such high patriotism that they
would die in that way, hoping to go down to pos-
terity with themselves and family forever im-
mortalized. I know the poet has sung, dulce
et decorum est pvopatria movi—that it is sweet
and proper to die for one's country. Minister
Washburn had higher duties to perform than
to make a fool ot himself in sucli a way as
has been proposed. He could not oppose fifty
armed men. His honor was at slake. He alone
knew and could prove the truth. He had to
report the facts to his Government. -He had
to leave behind him two men of his personal
suite, it is true, and go with his sick family
where he could communicate with his Govern-
ment, defend his own character and that of
his family, which would have been traduced
and villified in every form the moment he was
dead. Bliss and Masterman, the two men most
interested, state that he was right in doing what
lie did; that they advised him to leave them as
the only means to save either himself or them.
He did make his report to the naval officers
of his Government at the earliest possible
moment. In the meantime, as he told Admi-
ral Davis, who had exclusive control of our
ship, those men were undergoing all sorts of
torture. He and they knew what was in store
for them: but they agreed he should leave and
send them succor, and it was agreed that they
should make any confessions that might be
necessary implicating him as Lopez might dic-
tate, so as to gain time in -which to have their
naval commander come to their rescue. _ I hey
were tortured, and they did implicate Minister
Washburn. The gentleman from Maryland
says he would have died in his tracks before
he would have confessed to a lie. Peter denied
his Master under far less aggravated circum-
stances, and Galileo denied the great truth
which he had discovered to avoid far less pun-
ishment. Thousands of men, as pure as any
here, have, under far less torture, denied the
truth, and hav.e not forfeited their character
for veracity by so doing; they have even ac-
knowledged to have committed all sorts of
crimes of which they were innocent, when it
was the only means of saving their lives. No
court ever received or regarded extorted evi-
dence. I was sorry to hear my friend read it
yesterday. In this case the man they impli-
cated was beyond the tyrant's reach, on board
an American ship. What they did was done
simply to save their lives, and was done with
his consent and under tortures such as I ven-
ture to say were never inflicted on any human
beings before, even in the worst days of the
Inquisition.
The gentleman says they ought to have died
rather than told a lie. I do not know what 1
would have done under such circumstances.
Thank God, I never was so tried, and hope I
never will be! But I am not prepared to say—
I am very far from being prepared to say—that,
if tortured as those men were, I could have
come up to the high measure which Governor
Swank has measured out for himself. That
gentleman might do so, but I question whether
there are many other gentlemen in this House
who could do it.
Well, sir, what then did Admiral Davis do?
Did he then and there go down and demand
those men ? Did he follow the example of
Captain Ingraham? No; he frittered away
sixty days, when less than twenty would have
enabled him to reach there ; and when he did
go there, after full consultation with General
McMahon, he wrote to Lopez, as the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Orth] well said, one
of the best letters I ever saw written by an
American commander, demanding the men
who were part of the American legation.
Lopez, however, requested a personal inter-
view, and saw him that day ; and the admiral
withdrew his letter and wrote the next day as
mean and cringing a letter as ever was written
by the meanest sycophant that ever disgraced
the earth ; backing down from his own posi-
tion; backing down from the positions taken
both by the majority and the minority of this
committee. He does not even claim that they
were members of the American minister's fam-
ily, though he had been told so by Mr. Wash-
burn, and had said so in his first letter ; but he
sends two of his officers, Captain Ramsay and
Commander ICirkland, to the secret inquisi-
tion where those men were being tortured,
in order to hear their confessions and their
implications of the American minister. Two
men, with the insignia of the American Navy
on their shoulders, sat by, without allow-
ing their names to be known, and without in-
terfering for the protection of their country-
men, without giving them any assurance of
protection ; under orders from their admiral,
sat by as witnesses to see those men sign what
was false, and what they must have known to
be a lie. I do not blame the subordinate offi-
cers. They were acting under the orders of
Admiral Davis, and when he got these men
given up to him what did he do? Did he and
his officers treat them as American citizens ?
No; he kept them as prisoners, he treated
them as prisoners, he confined them as pris-
oners. Hedeniesthis, (page27 of thereeord.)
He says it is not true. And yet six men prove
it. Five of his own officers prove it. Two
American ministers, one of them General Mc-
Mahon, saw them when on board, and Mr.
Worthington states that these men were kept
and treated as prisoners on the vessels under
the command of Admiral Davis, though he
denied the fact.
I know that Minister McMahon speaks well
of Lopez. He is the only man who does. He
says that neither Mr. Washburn nor these men
were in personal danger, as the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swaxn] states. He is the only
man who says so. Dr. Stewart says that their
lives were in imminent danger, and every one
