1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
the necessity of coming to a resolution of that
kind^ • «
Mr. TH Hit MAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him another question?
• Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend tell me
whether the Senate has not, without even a
call of the yeas and nays, and apparently with
entire unanimity, passed disability bill after
disability bill, on the statement of Senators
on this floor that it was necessary to pass them
in order to enable persons elected or appointed
to offices in the southern States to go into
their offices? Was not that the case of two
bills at least passed on the request of the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Lewis,] one of
them, I believe, at this very session?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is undoubtedly so ; but
there is a wide distinction between that class
of cases and this. I do not propose now to
discuss that question; but so far as what I
have to say goes I am willing that the Senator
should put it upon the distinct ground as to
me that I have been foolish enough and weak
enough and unwise enough to follow his lead
in these respects, and without reflection or
consideration to consent to make an officer by
law who was not entitled to be an officer wheu
the people or the Legislature undertook to
elect him. I am perfectly willing to occupy
that ground. I now hasten to retrace my
steps and to occupy ground more consonant
to justice and reason.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont to hold that this gentleman,
Mr. Miller, was not eligible at the time he was
elected?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear the
reasons for that opinion stated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was going to do that.
You cannot get them all at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I am in no hurry.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist upon it just as I
insisted upon it in the ease of Thomas from
Maryland, contested to be sure, I believe, by
my learned friend from Illinois; but the
Senate, I believe by a very large majority,
decided against Thomas upon that or upon
some ground. Of course they were not bound
to decide upon any argument of mine; every
Senator must act upon his own judgment; but
in the case of Thomas—which was exactly
such a case as this, except that the constitu-
tional amendment has since been passed; a
case coming from Maryland and in regard to
a man who himself thought that he was not
disabled—the Senate determined that we
would not allow him to take a seat iu this
body, because he had no right to it for having
given aid and comfort to the rebellion. That
was before the constitutional amendment was
passed, and therefore he was not disabled by
any constitutional amendment, but was only
disabled by the legislation growing out of the
past, during the time of war, in the year 1802;
and I think my friend from Michigan voted
for that proposition.
In the case of Thomas, besides asserting
the principle which I have now stated, and
which I believe was fully concurred in by my
friend from Michigan, that Thomas, the Mary-
land Senator, was not entitled to take this
oath—I think he voted on that side 
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say right here, if
the Senator will allow me, that I think it was
stated by a Senator from Maryland that Mr.
Thomas was willing to take the oath, and thus
be admitted as a member of this body. If my
memory serves me, such was the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. HOWARD. It was objected to him
that he could not truthfully take the oath, inas-
much as he had rendered aid and assistance to
the rebellion during the war ; aud I think the
evidence in the case showed very plainly that
he had rendered such aid; at all events, a very
large majority of the Senate seemed to be of
that opinion. He was willing to take the oath
that he never had rendered aid and assistance
to the rebellion. We objected to it, and we
said to him.: "You cannot truthfully take that
oath, however willing you may be to do so."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was it, so far as the
fact goes. What we said to him is found in
the record, which I will read presently. Mr.
Thomas believed, sincerely I have no doubt,
that he was not obnoxious to the legislation
of 1862. He thought he had never done any-
thing in aid of the rebellion; and the only fact
which we had before us (aside from something
which did not touch really the question, as to
hia leaving the Treasury Department) was that
his son went into the rebellion, and the father
gave him when he went away $100, I think,
iu gold, and some clothing and supplies.
Mr. CONKLING. After having persuaded
him, in every way, not to go.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After having persuaded
him, as my friend from New York says, with
tears in his eyes, in every way he could short
of positive force, not to go.
Now, then, I come to what the Senate, in-
cluding my friend from Michigan, did say to
Mr. Thomas; not that he could not truthfully
take that oath, but this :
" That Philip F.Thomas, having voluntarily given
aid, countenance, and encouragement to persons
engaged in armed hostility to the United States, is
not entitled to take the oath of office as a Senator
from the State of Maryland, or to hold a seat in this
body as such Senator; and that the President pro
tempore of the Senate inform the Governor of the
State of Maryland of the action of the Senate in the
premises.'4
On that question the yeas and nays were
taken; and they were—yeas 27, nays 20.
Among the yeas I find the name of my honor-
able friend from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
Among the nays, it is true, I find the name of
my honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull;] so that his position in favor of this
present case is entirely consistent with his posi-
tion in the case of Thomas. The Senate, there-
fore, after full debate, and not sub silentto, as in
some of the other cases to which the Senator
from Ohio has alluded, in a case which was a
test, in a case which was as little obnoxious to
the feelings aud sympathies of the Senate as
could possibly be—because, as I have already
stated, this gentlemau, a gentleman of high
character, well known to many of the Senators,
believed he never had aided the rebellion—■
we did decide as a principle and as a test that
any person who had engaged voluntarily in
the rebellion against the forces of the United
States was not entitled to be a member of this
body, and we so informed the State of Mary-
land ; and she acted upon that declaration and
sent us a Senator who was entitled to be a
member of this body.
These two cases in that respect are precisely
alike, except that in this case now before us
this gentlemau has confessed before the com-
mittee that he was voluntarily engaged in the
rebellion; that he acted as an officer on the
surgical staff of its armies, and did, I suppose,
the best he could for his side. Very well.
Now, we are either to say one thing to Maryland
and another thing to Georgia, or we must stand
by what we have done in the case of Mary-
land as applied to the State of Georgia. It is
true that if it can be made out that we made
a mistake in the case of Thomas, that we
asserted a principle which is unfounded, then
we ought to reverse our steps ; but I think that
any Senator \vho reflects upon it, the more he
reflects the more he will be satisfied that this
act of 18G2 being constitutional, (and I shall
not discuss that question, at this stage of the
discussion at any rate,) does require that every
person who is to be a Senator in this body
/Shall not be obnoxious to the state of things
iu respect to which the act speaks.
There is another provision in the acts of
Congress of 1802 which has perhaps escaped
the attention of my honorable friend from
Illinois, and which might relieve him possi-
bly, as to the meaning of this test-oath taken
alone, and that is the third section of the act
of July 17, 1862, immediately following this
oath, touching persons engaged in rebellion
and insurrection, and providing as follows :
"That every person guilty of either of the offenses
described in this act"—
Those offenses are treason, rebellion, and
joining the public enemies, and all that sort^of
thing—
"shall be forever incapable and disqualified to hold
any ofiice under the United States."
There is an act which does not need con-
struction as to whether it is a mere test to a
man's conscience, as was claimed by some in
the case of Thomas, of Maryland, in respect
to the oath of the act' of July 2, 1802, but it
is a positive declaration of the law-making
power, that as a consequence to be inflicted
upon the enemies of the country they shall
be forever incapable of holding office. Of
course it is perfectly easy for the Congress of
the United States to repeal that act, and to
say that they may hold office; but until Con-
gress does repeal it, you have the statutory
prohibition against that class of persons from
entering the public service.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to ask a ques-
tion for information. Does my friend claim
that that act can be applied to a crime com-
mitted prior to its passage?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. MORTON. What is the date of that act?
Mr. EDMUNDS. July 17,1862. This gen-
tleman served during the rebellion to the end.
I am not now undertaking to determine that
this act could have had a retrospective effect;
but I only say that, speaking from July 17,
1862, and speaking to the people of Georgia,
it gave them notice, not by implication, but by
express declaration, that Mr. Miller, being one
of the persons named in that section, should
be incapable to hold office in the United States.
It has sometimes been contended, it is true,
that you could not carry a section of that kind
into action until you had first convicted the
offender; and in respect to some of the con-
sequences of treason that would be perfectly
true, because you have no tribunal which can
determine whether the party in question has
committed the crime or the offense upon which
the disqualification touches; but the Consti-
tution has imposed upon us, as the sole tri-
bunal organized for that very purpose, the duty
of determining whether Mr. Miller is entitled
to a seat in this body or not. Therefore, upon
any construction, upon the strictest construc-
tion of law as to a determination of whether
the party is guilty or not, we are the persons to
whom the Constitution has referred the power
of inquiring whether this man is entitled under
the laws of the United States to take his seat.
We are the very judges who are to pass upon
his qualification to hold office under this sec-
tion by the express terms of the Constitution.
Therefore, the question as to whether there
should have been an indictment and a convic-
tion before this third section can bo brought
into play (which has sometimes been raised
where there was no tribunal to determine upon
the right of the party and the guilt of the party)
is not now before us. Weare the very tribunal
whom the Constitution has selected to put the
third section of that act in force.
Mr. HILL. Will my honorable friend allow
me to ask him whether he bears in mind that
Dr. Miller never held office at all, and never
tried to hold one?
_Mr. EDMUNDS. I bear that perfectly in
mind. I take it to be true that the only pub-
lic service he ever did to anybody was service
in the rebellion, where he did hold office, but
never honored the United States with any
public service whatever.
Mr. THURMAN. Where he held the ofiice
of surgeon.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. Where he held the office
li of surgeon; one that in my country is thought
