1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
to be the most dangerous to the public welfare
of any. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. One other question : I wish to
deal very kindly with this subject, and I know
the Senator will indulge me. I will suppose
Dr. Miller to have applied in 1868, when so
many Georgians did apply for the removal of
political disabilities, among them many guilty
persons whom I will not enumerate, but I may
mention Governor Brown, who was very prom-
inent in the rebellion. In the bill of 1868 Gov-
ernor Brown and others, distinguished for their
services in the rebellion, were embraced, and
1 ask if the Senator would not have felt bound
in voting for the others to vote for Dr. Miller
too, taking into consideration the fact of his
services in behalf of reconstruction, his valu-
able service in the convention in framing the
constitution and in securing its adoption after-
ward. Had those facts been presented here,
and Dr. Miller had been an applicant, would my
friend have refused to include him in a bill of
that kind, and should he be in any worse con-
dition to-day ihan he was then ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a very hard ques-
tion to answer, flow can I tell what I should
have done in 1868 in a case that did not occur?
Mr. HILL. Would not the Senator have
been willing to include him with others who
were much more guilty than he was?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say it is utterly impos-
sible for me to tell my friend from Georgia
what I should have done in 1868 had I known
the circumstances of Mr. Miller's case, the
condition of Georgia, the behavior of its peo-
ple and its Legislature, from that time before
and since, as applied to this man's right to a
removal of disabilities. It is impossible for
me to say; and I repeat to him what I said to
I he Senator from Ohio, that if they are troubled
on the subject of my consistency I admit I am
inconsistent, if that is what is desired to be
obtained from me. I should not have known
in 1808 that the Legislature of Georgia would
have behaved as it did. I do not know but
that in 1867 I should have voted for a general
amnesty of everybody. I do not know but
that in 1805 I should have believed in the
policy of Andrew Johnson. I am not sure
that I did not at one time. When he first
came in the country thought he was going to
bo a patriot, that he was going to uphold the
law, that hp was going to protect, life and lib-
erty and istu'y uu a peaceful state of society:
and at that time, and when I thought so,
if there was a time when I did think so—I
do not wish to commit myself positively on
that point—it I had been called upon I should
undoubtedly have done a great many things
that the history of events since would have
taught me I ought not to have done.
My friend from Georgia cannot be ignorant
of the fact that one of the chief things we have
to do every day is to bemoan ourselves that we
have done those things that we ought not to
have done. I do not know that that ever
happens in Georgia; it does in the North.
Mr. HILL. 1 think it is pretty universal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had the impression that
it was pretty universal. Therefore I do not
wish any Senator to be troubled about any in-
consistency of mine in opposing the creation
of an office and of a right to an office for this
man by law when I might not have opposed it
three or four years ago with a different state
of circumstances before me. I can only say
that as far as we did act in 1867, the next pre-
ceding time to that of the State of Georgia, in
the case of Thomas, upon precisely such a
state of circumstances, only more favorable to
the individual than in this case, we refused to
recognize the regularity of the election, or to
allow the person to take his seat; and we sent
him hack to the State that had sent him here,
with his commission returned; and that State,
acting upon that decision ot curs, sent a loyai
and suitable person to represent her. 1 hat is
the case, sir.
.Now, Mr. President, I think it is high time
that the Senate should occupy a position on
this subject that shall not be misunderstood ;
I think it is high time that the people of the
southern States should know that the best rec-
ommendation to office and the best security for
exercising that office when it is once attained
is not having participated in the rebellion. I
think it is high time that they should find out
that so long as they choose Representatives
and Senators and other public officers, solely
or chiefly upon the ground that they have made
war upon their country, and exclude others
upon the ground that they have not made war
upon their country, or have been on the other
side, we will resist it just as far as the Consti-
tution and the law will give us the power.
That is my position.
The state of affairs occuring in these south-
ern States within the last two or three years
has not been such as to encourage northern
people in these acts of grace and amnesty and
pardon. Far from it; they have been the
reverse. We have been willing, and I am,
for one, willing now to meet the people of the
South more than half way in forgetting what
has occurred and looking only to the future.
But when we are stretching out our hands to
them in good fellowship, I do not want to see
such scenes as are now seen in the South every
day. I do not want to see the chief recom-
mendation, and indeed the only successful
means to office in those States, that of having
imbrued one's hands in the blood of the peo-
ple of the country. I do not want to see such
a condition of public disorder growing out of
purely political considerations as exists in three
fourths of those States; and the Senator from
Georgia is as well aware of it as I am.
When the former rebels of the ST>uth can
show that they are in earnest for peace and
oblivion ; when it is lawful and safe for a white
man who has stood by the banner of the coun-
try to lire in peace and safety in any and all
of those States ; when a man who has been on
the Union side may be a candidate for office
with some hope of success, if he is otherwise
fit, then I shall be quite ready, for one, to pass
all the laws that are necessary, and as fast as
they are necessary, to enable everybody in the
South to be relieved from disabilities. But
while they are demanding relief as this State
is, or as this Senator is, by this bill asking me
by law to give him an office, I wish to see things
in the State of Georgia and in the other States i
of the South in an altogether different condi- I
tton. It does not look iike good faith, it does
not look like good policy to give up all the
security that the law and the Constitution have
thrown around us and thrown around the peo-
ple of this country, by turning over to the men
who have so lately been in arms against it the
little that-remains of our power of repression
and resistance, while at the same time they
fling in our faces, as the grounds upon which
at home they get the offices which we are to
ratify and confirm here, that they have made
war upon their country, and when they give
notice to the people who have not done so in
their own regions and districts and States that
it is not a safe or fit or proper thing for them
to live in peace among them.
I think it perfectly lair to say that the events
of the last three years, growing upon us day by
day, have been events of reaction justas far as
the body of the people engaged in this rebel-
lion could make them so, and therefore I am
quite ready, as I said before, to stop where we
are, and never to relieve a man from any polit-
ical disability, whether constitutional or legal
in any of these cases, unless he aud his neigh-
bors have given sound evidence of a disposition
to stand by the law and uphold the institutions
of peace and order in the States where they
live. When such a case comes I am willing to
relieve him, and having relieved him. he wiil
be at liberty to be elected to office.
But, Mr. 'President, 1 was about to say before
I was interrupted by my friend from Michigan
that I thought this election was void, and that
this man therefore is not a Senator, in legal
contemplation, from the State of Georgia: and
if that be true, we cannot make him a Senator
by passing an act of Congress. The parlia-
mentary law, and it is the law of common sense,
is perfectly well settled, that where a person
who is laboring under a disqualification for
office is elected to it, whether the electors know
it or not, that election is entirely void. The
question whether the minority candidate comes
in is a different one which I need not discuss
now; but so far as it respects the election of
the man himself, his right to the office for which
he has been elected, it is an entirely void act
of the electing power. The reason is, that
every act of that description in order to be good
and valid must be efficacious at the time it is
done; and therefore to elect a man who is not
eligible to an office is equivalent to electing
nobody at all, because the office is not filled.
That is precisely this case. This man con-
fessedly, by the express provision of the third
section of the act of July 17,18C2, which I have
read, saying nothing now about the impli-
cation from the oath, was disqualified to be a
Senator of the United States. Laboring under
that disqualification by force of that act, tile
Legislature of the State of Georgia, by a major-
ity, undertook to say that he should be a Sen-
ator of the United States. That was a totally
inefficacious and inconsequential act; and the
reason and propriety of the thing, aside from
the law, it seems*to me should fortify this con-
clusion. Granted for the moment, as it must
be on all hands, if this bill is to pass, or is to
be thought necessary, either passed or defeated,
that this man cannot exercise the functions of
the office of Senator until there is a law for it,
suppose we refuse to pass this law now : what
then ? Perhaps at the next meeting of Con-
gress the Senate would pass it. In the mean
time the State of Georgia must be without one
of her representatives on this floor. Then sup-
pose at the next session of Congress the Sen
ate should pass s-uch a bill and the House
refuse to pass it, and it goes over to another
session; in the mean time the State of Georgia
has no Senator. And so you would run on until
the entire expiration of the term for which the
man was elected, without being able to find
out whether Georgia had a Senator or not. if
you are to hold that a disqualified man may bo
elected and that his election would be legal
after the law had provided that he might take
his seat.
Convenience, therefore, justice, good policy,
as well as the sound principles of law, abso-
lutely require that the person elected to be a
Senator from a State should have a right to
take that office and to exercise its functions
the moment he is elected, or the moment the
term begins for which he is elected. This man
was elected to fill a vacancy; therefore he was
entitled to his seat if he were a qualified per-
son (waiving now the political condition of
the State) at the moment of his election. If
it was a valid election at all the State of
Georgia cannot take it back, and she there-
fore, by the act of electing a man who was dis-
qualified, would have deprived herself entirely
of the power again to select somebody who
was qualified until the pleasure of Congress
in the passage of a law should be known,
whether that person should be admitted or
not. But, as 1 say, a refusal to pass a law at
one session is no evidence whatever that you
will refuse to pass it at the next session.
Hence the State of Georgia would be obliged,
as I have said, to go unrepresented, absolutely
incapable of representation ; she would not be
authorized to elect another person at all, and
would be obliged to wait the full length of the
term until a law should be passed. That is
unreasonable, that is unjust; and, therefore,
the good sense of the thing in all these cases,
as well as the authority and the express pro-
vision of the statute, is that an election thus
made is no election at all, and therefore, it
being no election at all, it would be competent
