1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
people, when we are as free to criticise and
condemn as we are to commend and to praise.
Then, sir, looking over this book ot' testi-
mony, looking at what is said by these officers
who were sent by Admiral Davis to rescue
these poor men, who had no position among
us, officers who were permitted, who were
authorized by Admiral Davis, under bis own
sanction, to go and be witnesses, and to sub-
scribe their names to confessions which they
say they believed at the time were extorted
from these men—looking at all this, to what
conclusion must we come? Let me read one
question and one answer, and then let me ask
gentlemen of this House if they can approve
of the conduct of men who answered as I shall
read. I will read an interrogatory put by the
committee to Commander Ramsay, one of the
officers who stood in the presence of men who
were acting in the double capacity of judges
and of priests, bringing the sanction of religion
to the aid of despotic power; these officers, in
the presence of those tools of Lopez, without
communicating to these poor men, who had no
position in the world, any idea that they had
come there to demand their deliverance, but
leaving them to believe that they were there
only as witnesses to their forced confessions.
This is the question to and the answer of Com-
mander Ramsay, which I will read :
" Question. Did you mean by that memoran-
dum "—
A memorandum which he says he made at
the time in his own memorandum book, of his
impression of the matter—
"Question. Did you mean by that memorandum
that you thought these confessions were extorted
from him?
"Answer. I took it for granted that they were. I
never saw a man exhibit such fear as Masterman
did."
Yet, after having subscribed as witnesses to
a confession of Bliss, which they take for
granted was extorted from him, although they
say he did not exhibit fear, while his fellow-
prisoner exhibited more fear than any other
man they had ever seen—after subscribing to
the confession of Bliss, they went out and
accepted an entertainment from the officers
who had extorted this confession, and received
presents to bring home with them. They then
came in again and took the confession of
Masterman, and subscribed to that. They
then took these parties oil board their ship as
prisoners, depriving them of all communica-
tion with persons on shore or on board the
ship, except as prisoners; and this treatment
was continued till they reached a different
atmosphere. Sir, I am called upon to say yea
or nay upon the question whether such con-
duct shall be approved ; and, however painful
it may be to me, I cannot say "yea;" I must
say '' nay."
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a
few words to relieve my colleague [Mr. Dawes]
and other gentlemen of this House, from the
difficulty which he has suggested—the painful
duty of assenting to what may seem to be a
censure upon a naval officer. The resolutions
reported by the committee are in their lan-
guage very mild; and if the House should
adopt them it will not impose a censure upon
a.ny naval officer. The resolutions declare that
these naval officers have failed to discharge
their duty; and the last resolution recites what
is their duty. Now, Admiral Godon having
failed to discharge his duty, the question re-
curs, for what reason did he fail to discharge
it? Was it his own fault, or was it the fault
of the Navy Department? Sir, it was the fault
of the Navy Department; and it is against
the policy of the Navy Department that the
Committee on Foreign Affairs protests most
solemnly. Let me read from page 295 of |
the record a portion of the testimony of Vice
Admiral Porter:
"By Mr. Wilkinson: .
"Qactiioii, Suppose an accredited mimsterot the
United Siates, acting under instructions from the
State Derailment, should call upon an admiral m
command of a squadron to aid him in the discharge
of a certain duty in relation to which the instruc-
tions of the Navy Department to the admiral were
silent, what would be his duty?
" Answer. He could not do it unless the Seoretary
of State sent those instructions through the Secre-
tary of the Navy."
That is what we complain of. Then Vice
Admiral Porter goes on to state what is the
regulation of the Navy Department with re-
spect to such a case as this.
Mr. DAWES. Does my colleague under-
stand that to be the present position of the
case ?
Mr. BANKS. I do.
Mr. DAWES. I do not so understand.
Mr. BANKS. I do not mean that it is the
position at the present moment. I understand
the position to have been changed, because,
since this investigation, the Secretary of the
N avy 
Mr. DAWES. My colleague will permit
me to explain.
Mr. BANKS. I think my colleague had
better withhold his explanation for a moment
till I have finished my statement on this point.
I wish to state how far the Navy Department
is concerned in this matter. Vice Admiral
Porter, in another part of his testimony, oil
page 295, speaks of the regulations of the Navy
Department:
"The new regulations which have been or are about
being issued direct that an officer in command of a
squadron,when called upon by a minister abroad to do
anything that might involve the peace of the nation,
may disregard any such advice, and is not to bo gov-
erned by it unless he has instructions from liis De-
partment. The officers are not cncouraged to take
such action, but on the contrary to avoid it as much
as possible. The old instructions are not very full
on that point, but instructions have been given to
officers to refer alt such matters to the Navy Depart-
ment, and from that Department they are taken to
the State Department. We look upon it that amin-
ister is sent abroad to preserve peace, and not to
make war; and naval officers, having so much inter-
course with the world, consider that they are, per-
haps, as well informed about diplomatic matters as
persons who havejustentcrcdupon their diplomatic
duties for the first time. Now, in England it is dif-
ferent. There persons are educated for the diplo-
matic profession, and aBritish naval officer, in many
cases, is put under the orders of the minister. But
in ease we had any difficulty with a foreign Power,
the Navy Departmentwould instruct the admiral at
that point to cooperate with the minister in that
particular case, but in no other ease."
Then comes the question of Mr. Wilkinson,
and the reply of Vice Admiral Porter:
"Question. Suppose an accredited minister of the
United Stales, acting under instructions from the
State Department, should call upon an admiral in
command of a squadron to aid him in the discharge
of acertain duty in relation towhich theinstructions
of the Navy Department to the. admlraf wore silent,
what would be his duty ?
"Answer, lie could not do it unless the Secretary
of State sent tho-e instructions through the Secretary
of the Navy."
That I understand to be the regulation and
policy of the Navy Department at this time.
Although the Secretary of the Navy has
declared his intention hereafter to enforce the
principles embodied in the resolutionsreport-
ed from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, still
they have not yet been acted on ; and unless
the House shall indorse the expressed pur-
pose ol' the Secretary he will be overruled, as
our diplomatic officers have been overruled in
all these instances. And it is for that reason,
sir, that I want the House to say, if it passes
the resolutions of the committee, that it does
not censure Admiral Godon; and it it votes
for the resolution of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] as an amendment to the
resolutions of the committee in reference to
the conduct of Admiral Davis, that it does
not censure him, but that, on the contrary, it
censures the practice^ and the policy of the
Navy Department, which heretofore have been
to set it up against the State Department,
against that branch of the Government of the
country having in charge the protection of
the lights of American citizens, and which
Department has assumed for itself to be the
judge in reference to the rights of American
citizens when they have been infringed in other
countries. I hope the House will take this view
of the question and not look upon these reso-
lutions as a personal censure of these partic-
ular officers, but as a declaration of the fact
in regard to their conductin a certain instance,
that they have failed to discharge the duty of
naval officers, so as to put the blame where it
ought to rest, on the Navy Department.
Mr. Speaker, it was not so formerly. Twenty
years ago our diplomatic officers received the
support of the Navy of the country in every
sea of the world; and when, in the case of
Koszta, they called upon the representative
of the Navy to aid them in securing, even in a
doubtful case, the right of an American citi-
zen, every man here will remember that the
whole country was electrified by_the gallant
conduct of Captain Ingraliam.
I wish to say, and my colleague will pardon
me if I say one word about Mr. Bliss. His
condition was a singular one, and as his con-
duct has been called in question, I believe that
in a few words I can explain the philosophy
of his whole course. .Mr. Bliss was a student
by habit and natural inclination. He devoted
the early part of his life to studying the ab-
original Indian languages, and because of his
acquirements he received from the scholars
of the country applause accorded to but very
few men. He received testimonials from Pro-
fessor Agassiz, from Professor Longfellow,
from President Hill, and from thirty or forty
others of the most learned men of the country
in commendation of the character of his at-
tainments. He went out to South America
on their advice, intending to study the lan-
guages of the aboriginal tribes. While in
Paraguay he naturally became interested in
that country and undertook to write its his-
tory, and having fallen into some difficulty
while writing that history, he very properly
sought the protection of the minister of our
Government. Thus, from the most honorable
motives and on the advice of the best men of
the country, he was placed in the circumstances
where we find him when these naval officers
refused to take the testimony of the American
minister and went off to Lopez, the marshal
president of Paraguay, to find what they
should do.
I hope the House will pass these resolutions
by a unanimous vote. It will be the best vote
the House has ever given, and I wish to say in
voting in the committee as I did, and voting
for them here as I shall, I relieve myself from
the slightest intention to impose any personal
censure on Admirals Godon and Davis. I
condemn, however, the practice followed by
them as being inconsistent with the interests
of the Government and against its dignity and
honor..
Mr. DAWES. One word in reference to the
Navy Department, as far as this matter is con-
cerned. It was because that Department had
approved of the conduct of these naval officers
that I stated I would be compelled to vote
for these resolutions. This was a transaction
before the existence of the regulation which,
under Admiral Porter, has since been adopted
and sanctioned.
I did, however, desire to say that the present
head of the Navy Department, if I understand
him aright, does not approve of this coursc ;
but, as it has gone upon the record that under
a former Secretary this course of conduct,
different, as my colleague says, from the course
twenty years ago, and different from thenar]min-
istration of the present head, as I believe, as
this has gone upon the record as the approved
course of conduct, it becomes our imperative
duty to vote for these resolutions. And I can
do it, I am happy to say, without the slightest
disposition or feeling to censure these men, who
believed this course met with the approval
of the Department, although it was a degen-
eracy from the better days under which Captain
Ingraham so signalized the patriotism ol that
Department.
