. 1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
for the Legislature of Georgia, or any other
State similarly situated, to proceed afterward
to a valid and proper election to supply the
failure to elect which had existed before; and
when that may be done it will be time enough
to consider that question.
Therefore, Mr. President, it seems perfectly
plain to me that we ought not to pass a bill
which should, in the first place, give a. fight to
an office to a person \vho had 110 such right
when he was elected, laboring Under disabil-
ities, or exclusions, or whatever you call them,
for the reason I stated the other day, as cor-
rupting and improper ; and, secondly, that you
ought not to pass this bill for the reason that
by passing it you undeftake to declare that an
election of this man in the State of Georgia
which was invalid and ineffectual when made
becomes a legal and valid election by your
aet,, instead of by the act of the State. On
both those grounds I am opposed to this joint
resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, this is
an effort to do a thing which has never yet
been done, and it proceeds upon a logic which
I am unable to understand. The object of
the resolution is to open our doors to one who
was, by our laws, forbidden to hold a seat
here when he was chosen, and tfho is still So
forbidden. I know of but one way logically
to reach the end sought; and that is to hold
unconstitutional, and therefore void, the acts
of Congress now standing in the way.
The case and its presentation assume the
form of a criticism Upon the legislation of
Congress and Upon the provisions of organic
law as they stand; and therefore I ask the
attention of the Senate to the constitutional
and statutory provisions involved, which in
part the resolution before us seeks to invade.
The iron-clad Oath was iron-clad for obvious
reasons. It was sweeping and searching ; else
it would not have been adapted to the purpose
for which it was intended. It was passed early
in the war, as a measure of immediate safety.
It was not an organic provision, but a statute
intended, not for all time, but for one time
and one occasiou. It works exclusion only
from offices under the United States. It does
not extend to State offices; and therefore it is
properly and wisely broader in its embrace of
persons than would have been wise had it
been applicable to offices in the States. It
proceeds upon the theory that lesser offenders
are held unsafe and unfit to participate in the
Government of the nation, though they might
be tolerated in public positions within the
States, a consideration which seems to me to
answer the remark about the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, referring to the removal of
disabilities, in order that those relieved might
hold offices in the States of which they were
residents.
All the considerations I have mentioned
distinguish the test-oath in its object and
scope from the disabling clause of the four-
teenth amendment. The test-oath stands upon
grounds of its own. It was a measure by
itself, independent in its purpose, and char-
acteristic in its force and meaning. The dis-
qualifying clause of the fourteenth amendment
ot'the Constitution was confined to fewer per-
sons, and, like the test-oath, was adapted, in
turn, to its own purpose. The amendment
was submitted to the States on the 10th of
June, 1866. Actual war was over, and the
ratificaiions could not come in for a longtime.
It was in fact, the 28th of July, 1868, before a
sufficient number of ratifications came, aud
the provision was designed not for immediate
effect, but for a rule to begin in the future.
The rule of exclusion thus established was
imbedded in the fundamental law, not to be
amended like a statute, and repealed when it
had done its office, but to stand, if not for all
time, at least for a generation's life. It cov-
ered every office, not only under the United
States, but' every office, civil and military,
under every State'; a distinction to be borne ,
always in mind in comparing these provisions.
Again, the constitutional amendment made its
disabilities indelible unless they should be
washed away by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses. For all these reasons the amend-
ment wisely selected offenders with a more
sparing hand.
The oath prescribed by the act of July 11,
1868, was only a provision to give effect to the
fourteenth amendment. It simply provided
for the application of the amendment itself,
by opening a way to carry it into effect. Down
to this point, all, I submit is systematic, har-
monious, and logical—not random, hap-haz-
ard, discordant, or inconsistent.
The case of Roderick H. Butler was re-
ferred to ; and it occurs to me at this moment.
I remark that Roderick R. Butler was relieved-
of disabilities and the oath prescribed for him
on the 19th of June, 1868. There was then
no fourteenth amendment; there was no gen-
eral oath for those whose disabilities had been
removed. I cannot see, therefore, that the case
furnishes an exception to the consistency of
the history which, in few words, I am tracing.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow
me, does he not see that he makes the case
stronger? If there were no fourteenth amend-
ment then there was nothing but the test-oath
to be relieved from ; and that is the case here.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, that
is one of the things I do not see. On the con-
trary, I think I see this : that the modified oath
to which reference has been made was adopted
a few days preceding the consummation of the
fourteenth amendment, everybody then know-
ing, and the legislation being in view of the
fact, thatyie fourteenth amendment was about
to become a part of the Constitution, and in
order to enable the amendment to operate,
and two thirds of both Houses to remove dis-
abilities, and the recipient of the removal to
qualify for office, and for no other purpose,
this modified oath was prescribed. I think I
see this, and my impression is that my honor-
able friend from Ohio sees it also.
My comment upon the case of Butler was
that it arosejnstbeforetheamendmentbecame
operative, and jnst before any general provis-
ion for a modified oath had been made, and
while special and exceptional action in a par-
ticular case was likely to occur without the
same scrutiny or ground for scrutiny which
existed afterward.
The act of July 2, 1862, still remains, and
for the purpose ofthis debate at least must be
held a valid act. It has not been repealed; it
has never been challenged in either House of
Congress; nay, both Houses of Congress have
repeatedly reaffirmed and asserted again its
constitutional validity. This resolution itself,
by implication and expressly, too,'reaffirms
the test oath act. Why? If the test-oath act
is unconstitutional and void, no dispensing act
is necessary; but beyond that, this resolution
refers to and recites the act of 1862 and pro-
poses to exempt Dr. Miller from its operation.
Mr. THURMAN. I offered that resolution,
and I cannot stand quietly by and hear it said
that that resolution affirms anything about the
validity of the act of 1862. So far as my own
opinions are concerned, they are very well
known to any one who recollects what I have
again and again said on this floor. I said not
only at this session, but at the last session and.
the session before, that, in my judgment, the
test-oath act was unconstitutional; but this
resolution was put in this form because I had
no idea that a majority of the Senate would
concur with me in saying that the test-oath
was unconstitutional or that it should be re-
pealed. It is simply out of deference to their
views that the resolution was put in its present
form.
Mr. CONKLING. Whenever I can obtain
from the Secretary the resolution we are con-
sidering, which seems not now to be at the
desk, I will read it to the Senate, in order to
prove the assertion I make. That assertion is
that the resolution pending recognizes and
asserts unavoidably, not only the existence,
but the validity of the act of 1862. I have
the resolution now; let me read it, the issue
at this point being whether I am light in
asserting that the proposed resolution recog-
nizes and reaffirms the existence and validity
of the test oath of 1862 :
Be it resolved, &c„ That II. V. M. Miller, of Geor-
gia, on entering upon the discharge of tbe duties of
any office or position to which ho has been or rsi.iy
be elected or appointed, instead of the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 1802. may take and sub-
scribe the oath prescribed by the act of Congress
entitled "An act prescribing an oath of office to be
taken by persons from whom legal disabilities shall
have been removed," approved July 11, 18uS.
Will any lawyer argue that such a resolution
proceeds upon the idea that the act of 1862 is
null and void because repugnant to the Con-
stitution and annihilated by it?
No sir; Congress has repeatedly, once by a
very recent act relaxing for the future the
provisions of the test-oath, reaffirmed the valid-
ity of the act of 1862. The resolution before us
proposes to do this again. The recent act of
Congress relaxes the test-oath for llie future,
not tor the past. If an argument is to be made
that Dr. Miller is entitled to dispensation under
that legislation which now awaits the formali-
ties of completion in the hands of the Presi-
dent, let that position be assumed, and then
we shall not need the action now proposed.
This resolution is an admission, as I think the
truth beyond all question is, that the recent
modifying act speaks of the future, not of the
past. This admission is enough on that head ;
but without an admission the proof would be
easy, it seems to me. if the intention of the
Senate and the House had been to repeal the
test-oath as to the past as well as the future they
probably would have said so and dene so. There
is that familiarity with the habitual language
of repeal which would have enabled the two
Houses to employ it, had that been the design.
But, on the contrary, it is an act carefully
speaking in advance and embracing, as I con-
ceive, no one except a man who shall hereafter
be elected to office with which he might not be
invested without a modification of law.
The act now awaiting the signature of the
President was deliberate, is general legislation.
It embodies the judgment of Congress as to
the only change for which the time has come ;
and yet before it is consummated we are asked
to break over its limits in an individual case.
Nay,_ more, we are asked to do this in a case
and in a way which involves a legal untruth,
and which requires us to accept and assert a
lact which does not exist.
What is the case before us? The claimant
asks to be declared elected to the Senate and
entitled to a seat, when in truth he was never
elected, and is not entitled to a seat. Let me
see if this is a warrantable statement of the
case. Being in law aud m fact barred and
disabled from holding or accepting the office
of Senator, the claimant received the votes of
those who knew him to be so disabled. Let
this position be again stated in other words,
and I beg Senators to scrutinize it, because i
attach an importance to the case which does
not belong to the case itself. The Senator
from Nevada inquired whether this might not
be a precedent broad enough to embrace the
case said to be on its way from North Caro-
lina, and other like cases ; I am compelled to
say that as I understand it the question is on
all-fours, substantially if not literally, with the
question involved in other coming cases. The
difference must be one of degree, aud resid-
ing 'n personality and detail rather than in rad-
ical distinction. Why? Because it is pro-
posed to declare a man entitled to a seat it\
this body^who was disabled from holding the
office of Senator when he was appointed, and
who is disabled still. Is anything more than
that involved in any of the coming cases? I
conceive there is no distinction pertinent to the
present inquiry between an instance in which
the disability is imposed by one provision of
