1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
do not think ought to occur at present. There
is 110 danger that the United States will ever
enforce its legal rights against these companies
unless the condition of affairs shows that they
are able to pay the United States the interest
it has advanced, after paying the running ex-
penses of the roads and the interest on the first
mortgage bonds. I am indifferent as to the
mode in which the result I seek shall be
accomplished; but I would prefer to let it
stand upon the simplest declaration that when
we pay over to the companies one half the
transportation, that shall not be held to be a
surrender of our legal right, whatever it is.
Mr. STEWART. How will this do : " but
nothing in this act shall affect the legal rights
of the United States or said companies under
existing laws except as herein provided? "
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the language I
have used is as simple as we can make it. It
does not go a single hair's-breadth beyond a
reservation of our legal rights.
Mr. STEWART. I am confident the money
■will not be paid under that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes, it will be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I confess that I like the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio who
sits farthest from me [Mr. Thurman] rather
better than any of these; and for one reason
especially: that, as a matter of curiosity, I
should be glad to find out what principles of
construction are to be adopted by our courts
in construing statutes, and how far the debates
(which are undertaken to be foisted in here to
determine what the statutes mean) have a place
in modern jurisprudence. I should be very
glad indeed to have the Supreme Court of the
United States determine what the law is on
this question. If it determines it in favor of
the companies, there is an end of the ques-
tion ; if it determines it in favor of the United
States, as we cannot possibly suppose it will
after the report of our learned brethren on the
Judiciary Committee, then of course there will
be an end of the question, and all parties will
be satisfied. But next to the amendment of
my friend from Ohio farthest from me, [Mr.
Thurman,] or the substance of it, I think that
of the Senator from Ohio near me [Mr. Sher-
man] is the one to which no man who is honest
and just—and of course that includes every
Senator—would object.
Mr. DAVIS. I shQuld like for the chair-
man of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, or some member of that committee, to
give us a little information on this point. I
understand that the money subsidy of the Gov-
ernment for the construction of a part of this
road was $60,000,000. I do not see the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad in his seat, and I would be obliged to
the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] or
any gentleman who belongs to that commit-
tee, if he would give the information as to
what has been the amount of assets distrib-
uted by the company among its members.
The positive declaration of the honorable
Senator from Nevada made with so much
emphasis and point some eighteen months ago
produced a strong impression upon me that
this company had made an enormous distribu-
tion of three or four hundred per cent, of the
amount of stock they had subscribed in the
road. If that be so, it was certainly a fraudu-
lent distribution of property and stock that
belonged to the company.
I put the question to.the honorable Senator
from Nevada, and I put it to every man : had
that company the moral right to distribute
three or four hundred times as much stock
as it had subscribed in the road on actual
assets, and leave this amount of interest un-
paid ? If the company have acted in that way,
they have acted in flagrant bad faith to the
Government. They ought certainly to have
paid all the interest in which they were in
arrears before they made any such enormous
distribution of assets belonging to the com-
pany ; and my feeling of forbearance toward
the company would be influenced very much
by knowledge of the true facts of that matter.
Mr. President, I do not remember the
amount of pecuniary subsidy which the Gov-
ernment paid to this company, but I believe
about sixty million dollars. I understand that
$60,000 a mile was double the amount of
what was necessary to construct a considerable
portion of the line of this road. We all remem-
ber the enormous land subsidy that was given
to this company; a land grant of great value.
The honorable Senator from Nevada was
denouncing the management of this company
eighteen months ago with so much emphasis
and indignation, and he said that it had dis-
tributed funds among the members of the cor-
poration to the amount of three or four times
the value of the stock that the corporation had
subscribed ; and he showed that the company
was then in arrearages, not only for the pay-
ment of this interest, but for a portion of the
construction of the line of the road itself.
Now, I maintain that if that was the action of
the company, it has acted in perfidious faith,
it has acted in utter disregard of its moral as
well as its legal obligations to the Government
that had so liberally indorsed its bonds. The
company ought not to expect, and it ought
not to receive, any favor from the Congress of
the United States if it has been guilty of the
flagitious conduct of having distributed such
a large amount of assets, leaving $6,000,000
for averages of interest upon its bonds unpaid.
It is surprising, it is ominous; it authorizes
a strong inference when the company and all
its advocates remain silent and as dumb as fish
in this Chamber on this subject. Sir, we want
light, at least I do, and I believe the country
wants light in reference to that great matter.
We want to know whether these charges made
by the hontfrable Senator from Nevada, who
all the time has been a member of the Com
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and made also,
at the same time by the chairman, the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] we want
to know whether these grave charges of mis-
conduct, of perfidy, and of wan1;of faith to the
Government were true or false. If they were
true, I am not prepard to vote any favor or any
leniency toward this company. If they were
false or unfounded the company owes it to
itself, and its friends and advocates on this
floor owe it to themselves to relieve the com-
pany from these charges by a statement of the
simple truth in relation to this matter.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. THAYER. I ask that the amendment
to the amendment be again read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Sherman.
Mr. STEWART. I move to add the words
" except as provided in this section."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That makes a perpetual
obligation to pay; but if you will put in those
words after the words " United States," I
should not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that would only
make it ambiguous.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not in order at any
rate now. This is an amendment to ah
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Nevada
seems to doubt whether the Secretary of the
Treasury would pay over the money to the
companies if my amendment were incorpo-
rated in this provision. I say to him that
there can be no doubt of that. We would not
surrender our possible right to sue. That
would be the only effect of it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not like that.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have an amendment
here which I ask the Senator from Ohio to
accept which I think expresses his view in a
form that will be satisfactory. I think it
expresses the distinct question that is involved
definitely. I propose to put it in this shape :
But nothing herein contained shall in any way
affect the legal rights of the United States or of the
said Pacific railroad companies as to the liability
of said companies, or either of them, to repay to the
United States all interest paid by the United States
as last as paid; but such rights shall be determined
by existing laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. That expresses the same
idea in different phraseology, and if it pleases
anybody better 
Mr. STEWART. No; I prefer the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I insist on
my amendment as I offered it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thtfques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will not be
adopted.
Mr. THAYER. I suppose the object is to
leave the laws as they are now, so far as the
rights of the United States are concerned, as
we have them. I therefore prefer this form:
Provided, however. That this section shall not be
construed to affect the legal rights of the Govern-
ment or the obligations of the companies, except as
herein specially provided.
That leaves the obligations of the compa-
nies to the Government just as they are under
existing law, and avoids the difficulty suggested
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather stand by
the language of my amendment as I have
offered it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
Nebraska will offer his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order at this time.
Mr. CASSERLY. We have got into this
controversy by reason of ambiguous language
in a former statute or statutes. Now let us
endeavor not to make bad worse in an effort
to make it better. When the Senator from
Ohio presented his general view, it struck me as
a very proper one. When I heard bis amend-
ment read, it seemed to me that it fell short
of his views as expressed by him. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio does in terms
reserve the legal rights of the United States
on the one side and of the companies on the
other, as to the repayment of interest. There
is no question upon that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why?
Mr. CASSERLY. Because the liability of
the companies to repay the interest at the
maturity of the bonds is admitted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But that is not the point.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am coming to the
point presently. What is the question? The
question is, as I undertook to state it expressly
in my amendment, whether the companies are
liable to repay the_ interest paid by the United
States as fast as it is paid ; in other words,
whether they are liable for the immediate re-
payment of the interest; and there is no other;
because everybody concedes that the compa-
nies are liable for the repayment of the inter-
est at the maturity of the bonds. If the lan-
guage of the Senator from Ohio is retained, a
very fair construction, I will not say a neces-
sary construction, of it is that the only effect
of the amendment is to reserve what nobody
disputes, namely, the right of the United
States to have repayment of the interest when
the bonds mature, because that is what it says
almost in terms.
Mr. SHERMAN. I could avoid the Sena-
tor's criticism by simply putting in the words
"as paid."
Mr. CASSERLY. Or "as fast as paid."
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; but I do not
like the word " fast."
Mr. STEWART. I submit that we now see
to what this is leading. The Judiciary Com-
mittee have held that the obligation of the
companies was not to repay the interest as fast
as it was paid. Now this will be an act of
Congress that will always be referred to for '
