342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Mr. ORTH. Before calling the previous
question, I have promised to yield to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Matnard] for the
purpose of offering an amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following reso-
lution as an amendment:
Resolved, That Fleet Captain F. M. Ramsay and
Commander W. A. Kirkland, in going to the camp
of Lopez to act with the inquisitors in the case of
Porter C. Bliss and (Jeorge i. Masterman, members
of the American legation, and in listening to and
verifying the confessions of said Bliss and Master-
man, implicating the American minister and them-
selves in a conspiracy to overthrow the Government
of Paraguay, which confession they themselves say
they knew to be false and believe to have been
extorted, without'communicating with saidBlissand
Masterman or giving them any reason to believe
they would be protected in speaking the truth, or
that an American fleet had come for their rescue,
were guilty 'of a gross offense, dishonoring to the
American Navy and the country which they served,
and merit and receive the censure of this House.
Mr. ORTH. I yield for a similar purpose
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth.]
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to offer another'amendment. All the
amendments which can be received under the
rules are now in. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
being allowed to offer another resolution?
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the follow-
ing additional resolution as an amendment:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to institute proceedings, by court of inquiry,
or court-martial, for the tiial of Rear Admirals S.
"VV. Godon and Charles A. Davi«, for their offenses
in this report described.
Mr. ORTH. I now move the previous ques-
tion upon the pending resolution and the sev-
eral amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Orth] rises to close debate.
Mr. ORTH. I yield seven minutes of my
time to my colleague on the committee from
New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will not
rigidly restrict me, as I wish time enough to
reply to some of the remarks which have re-
cently been made in this discussion. I am 110
party to this controversy. When I say contro-
versy, Iuse thatwordunderstandingly, because
it is nothing but a controversy. I had some
little opportunity of bearing the testimony as
given before the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I know something of the parties to this affair,
both in this House and elsewhere, and I have
reached the conclusion that, like many other
disputes and difficulties which occur in public
as well as in private life, there are two sides
to the question, and that both sides may be in
the wrong.
This subject was brought to the attention of
the House of Representatives last May by a
memorial by two men who desired the House
to investigate transactions growing out of the
difficulties in Paraguay, their imprisonment,
and the conduct of the officers involved. That
memorial was referred by the House to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and they have
bestowed a great deal of labor, a great deal of
trouble, and a great deal of time in its invest-
igation. The_ result has been reported here
in the form of two series of resolutions. The
first, by the majority of the committee, cen-
sures Admiral Godon.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] has said that he for one could not be
a parly to a censure of that officer ; and yet I
call his attention to the fact that if he votes for
the majority resolutions he does censure that
officer. One of these resolutions is as follows:
Resolved, That Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, in
neglecting to aid Mr. Washburn in reaching the
Government to which he was accredited, failed to
discharge his duty as commander of the South
Atlantic squadron.
I submit that if we pass that resolution we
do censure that officer, Now, the minority
resolutions, to which I did not agree, propose
to censure Mr. Washburn. I cannot vote for
that either. I believe Mr. Washburn acted in
the discharge of his duties conscientiously,
uprightly, and intelligently. I believe that the
officers of the Navy discharged their duties in
a like spirit.
Now, sir, what are the facts ? The law which
governs and controls the powers, rights, and
duties of our diplomatic agents in relation to
their intercourse with our naval officers abroad
has never yet been defined and is not yet under-
stood. It is vague and indefinite, and our his-
tory is full of instances where these quarrels
and disputes and misunderstandings havearisen
through each of the parties insisting upon act-
ing upon their own views of their own rights
and their own authority. This is just such a
case as that. Paraguay was at war, and Lopez
is admitted to have been a tyrant. I concede
all that has been said against him here. The
American minister was embarrassed. He in-
tended to withdraw from the country, and he
called upon these officers in command of the
Navy to do certain things Their view of their
duty was in a different direction. Why, sir,
to admit the principle that a diplomatic agent
can order a naval officer to bombard a city is
to give that agent the war-making power which
the Constitution does not give to the President,
and, therefore, Admirals Godon and Davis,
acting on what they conceived to be their duty
in the premises and their accountability to
their Government at home, declined to do that
which Minister Washburn called upon them
to do.
Now, I will not say whether they were right
or wrong; but I will say that the difficulty grew
out of this indeflniteness of the law on the sub-
ject, and that I believe each one in his own
particular sphere acted from a conscientious
sense of duty and right. Under these circum-
stances I do not want the House to pass a vote
of censure against either party. If officers of
the Navy have done wrong let the Secretary
of the Navy court-martial and punish them.
If a diplomatic agent has done wrong let the
President, who is at the head of the execu-
tive department, see to it that he is recalled.
But for this House to sit here as a court-mar-
tial or court of inquiry to punish officers of
the Government without all the evidence and
the facts before them is, in my judgment, wrong
in principle, and dangerous in practice and as
a precedent. I am therefore in favor of lay-
ing the whole subject upon the table, and am
not in favor of visiting censure on any party.
I hope the House will take that course.
In conclusion permit me to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
that no more honorable and high-toned gentle-
man exists in this country than General Mc-
Mahon. He is a citizen of New York, of the
very strictest integrity and of the very highest
and most elevated character. The fact that he
has been made an executor of the estate of
Lopez can in no way implicate him, because
General MeMahon had withdrawn from the
country a year and a half before Lopez died ;
and lam sorry that, while this dispute has gone
on with some heat and some misunderstanding
on each side, a gentleman standing aloof from
the controversy should be thus dragged in and
held up before the House and the country in
what I deem an unfortunate and improper con-
nection.
Now, sir, if it be in order, I wiil move that
this whole subject be laid on the table.
Mr. ORTH. 1 do not yield for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can sub-
mit that motion when the hour for debate shall
have expired and the House comes to vote 011 j
the subject.
Mr. WOOD. I give notice that at the proper
time I will submit that motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Orth] yield to me for a
moment sr two ?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to can the
attention of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Orth,] who is to close this debate, to a point
which I desire to have elucidated. I refer to
a remark of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, that these naval
officers were not to blame, that they were only
carrying out the system in which they were
educated, the instructions of their chief. If
so, then these resolutions, mild as they are,
should not be passed.
Mr. BANKS. I stated what the committee
had done, not what the officers had done. I
said that in my judgment the resolutions
reported from the committee did not censure
these men.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If what is set forth
in this report, what has been stated by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] and the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] during
this debate is true, then something more should
be adopted than the resolutions which have
been reported. Either something or nothing
should be done ; we should be logical and
consistent.
If these naval officers have violated all sense
of right and propriety, if they have refused to
do what they ought to have done, if they have
neglected to do their duty, then we ought to
do something more than to pass milk-and-
water resolutions of very mild censure. We
should send them to the Secretary of the Navy
for trial. It was with that view that I offered
the additional resolution requesting the Secre-
tary of the Navy to bring these admirals to
trial and investigation.
I do not know either of these officers. All
I know about this matter is what has been de-
veloped by this report and the debate thereon.
But it did seem to me, and I think I therein
express the sense of a large majority of the
members of this House, that if the half is true
of what hasbeen said about these naval officers
they ought to be tried. If they were only carry-
ing out the orders of the Secretary of the Navy
and of the Navy Department, carrying out
those rules which have governed naval officers
for all time before, they ought not to be even
censured, but they ought to be commended for
what they have done. That is all I desire to
say.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to me?
Mr. ORTH. For how long ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I think five minutes will
be sufficient-
Mr. ORTH. I will yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. It was not my intention
or expectation to engage in this, discussion.
In fact I had paid very little attention to it,
regarding it, I confess, as a controversy be-
tween angry men, rather than a matter of suf-
ficient importance to claim the attention of
Congress. My attention was first attracted to
the matter by the remarks of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Orth] in reference to the
conduct of Fleet Captain Ramsay and Com-
mander Kirkland when in the presence of
Bliss and Masterman while surrounded by the
officials of Lopez. Those remarks led me to
examine their testimony. I have examined it
with care; I may literally say, with painful
care. And I cannot with due regard to my
own convictions, with due regard to that high
esteem I have ever entertained for the Ameri-
can Navy, of whose friends I profess to be the
foremost in this House, suffer this case to pass
by without putting upon record my estimate of
the conduct of these officers on that occasion.
It has been said, and no doubt truly, that
their presence at that time was not a voluntary
one ; that they were sent there by their supe-
rior in command, and that, so far, they are not
liable to reproach. But it is their conduct on
that occasion to which I refer. They had been
