1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
law or by another between a disability laid on
by statute or by fundamental law, the nature
of the disability being the same. I think the
whole point is presented, the whole issue
legally is raised when you find the instance of
a man who, when the office was in form con-
ferred upon him, was forbidden to accept or
hold it, and who is still forbidden. Is not that
the case before us? My position is that the
election of Dr. Hill and the votes he received
were void.
Several Senators. You mean Miller.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] whose case
is never to be confounded with this. Before
votes were cast for the sitting Senator from
Georgia, before one step toward his election
was taken, he stood acquitted-of all legal dis-
abilities. You, Mr. President, are no more
void of offense in legal contemplation than
wa3 the Senator from Georgia, now in his seat,
when he was elected. His case, therefore, is
never to be confounded with the case in hand,
and I mentioned his name by inadvertence.
I was about saying that in my view the cere-
mony or proceeding, termed the election or
appointment of Dr. Miller, was absolutely
void and of non-effect, and that the votes cast
on that occasion were themselves void and to
be held for naught.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator be a
little more explicit? He says the votes cast
on that occasion are to be held absolutely void.
What votes does he allude to—all the votes,
or only those cast for Miller?
Mr. CONK LING. I mean, Mr. President,
of course only the votes that were cast for Dr.
Miller, and the distinction to which the hon-
orable Senator draws my attention will appear
in the authority which I am about to read,
which authority is to the effect, among other
things, that although eligible candidates be
voted for at the same time, and although the
election in a general sense, that is the poll, the
occasion fixed by law for the choice of can-
didates, is regular, if votes are given for an
ineligible person those vote are void. I mean
that, no more. I read on this point from
Cushing's Manual of Parliamentary and Legis-
lative Practice.
"276. If an election is made of a person who is
ineligible, that is, incapable of being elected, the
election of such person is absolutely void; even
though he is voted for at the same time with others
who are eligible, and who are accordingly elected;
and this is equally true, whether the disability is
known to the electors or not; whether a majority of
all the votes, or a plurality only, is necessary to the
election; and whether the votes are given orally or
by ballot." ********
" 278. In England, where a plurality only is neces-
sary to an election, and where the votes are given
orally, it is also held, that if the electors have
notice of the disqualification of a candidate, every
vote given for him afterward will be thrown away,
and considered as not having been given at all. The
effect of this rule is, that not only will the election
of a disqualified person be held void, but if such
election takes place after notice of the disqualifica-
tion is given to the electors, the candidate having
the next highest number of votes will be elected.
This doctrine, however hard it may seem, is founded
in the familiar principle, that every man is bound
to know the law with reference to any aet which he
undertakes to do; and, consequently, that when an
elector is apprised of the fact of disqualification of
a candidate, and notwithstanding gives his vote for
him, the elector takes upon himself the risk of losing
his vote, if liis construction of the law turns out to
be wrong.
"279. Inthiscountry.it is equally true, that the
election of a disqualified person is absolutely void;
and, in those States where a plurality elects, and
where the votes are given orally, as in England,
va tes given for a. candidate after notice of his disqual-
ification are thrown away, and thceandidate having
the next highest number of votes is elected.
"280. In reference to elections by ballot, in which
secrecy is the distinguishing feature, and, in which,
coiibcquently, neither the returning officers, nor the
electors themselves, are supposed to know for whom
the votes are given until the result is declared; it
seems not unreasonable to consider the votes for
ineligible candidates to be thrown away in all oases,
and the opposing candidate elected, where the elec-
tors know or most be presumed to know the dis-
ability,- and, in ail cases where there is no such
actual or presumed knowledge, to hold the whole
proceeding merely v old a Laiv ana Prac-
tice of Legislative Aftsernblies. part one, chapter six,
section three, pages 66, 07.
41st Cong. SdSess.—No. 74.
Mr. President, I shall not tarry at this point
to discuss the question whether the test-oath 13
aimed at qualifications in the constitutional
sense. I know an argument may be made to
impeach the power of Congress to require
such an oath, if its effect is to increase or
diminish the qualifications, in a constitutional
sense, prescribed by the Constitution itself. 1
say I shall not tarry to consider this argument,
because I conceive that it makes nothing one
way or the other in regard to the principles I
have read, or in regard to their application
here.
My argument "is, and the philosophy and
reason of the authorities is, that votes given
for a person forbidden by law to accept or dis-
charge the office are void, and- the formalities
of an election under such circumstances con-
stitute no election at all. To advance the
argument and avoid inconvenience of discus-
sion let me concede that the statute read by
the honorable Senator from Vermont, and the
statute prescribing the oath, to which I shall
call attention in a moment, are neither of them
aimed at technical qualifications in the consti-
tutional sense. By the side of this concession
let me again remind the Senate that we are
estopped in this proceeding from challenging
the force and virtue of the test-oath act. We
affirm it, and therefore we cannot deny it at
the same time. We are asked to legislate it
out of Dr. Miller's way, and we cannot be
asked to hold at the same time that it is not
in the way, because already void for constitu-
tional reasons. Let me then proceed upon
the supposition that the test-oath, imposing
no qualifications and requiring none in the
constitutional sense, simply bars, disables,
prohibits, forbids; let my phrase be such as
makes, in the estimation of lawyers and casu-
ists, the true and exact distinction. Take it
so, and let us see the predicament of the claim-
ant. Reminding the Senate of the act read by
ray learned friend from Vermont, let me read
the oath which stands in the claimant's way:
" I do solemnly swearthat I have never voluntarily
borne arms against the United States since I have
been a citizen thereof; that Ihave voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility thereto ; that I
have neither sought nor accepted, nor attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever under
any authority or pretended authority in hostility to
the United States; that I have not yielded a volun-
tary support to any pretended government, author-
ity, power, or constitution withm the United States
hostile or inimical thereto."
Every clause, every member of this oath,
save only one, confronts the claimant. We
are told that he held the office of surgeon in
the rebel army, and we are reminded of it in
order to invoke our attention to the humane
nature of the office. I bear this in mind. I
bear in mind also that medical stores, as much
as food, clothing, or supplies, are contraband
of war. I bear in mind that the surgeon of
a regiment, albeit a good Samaritan, albeit
gives aid and support as efficacious and large
bent upon an errand of alleviating suffering,
in its effect and bearing as any officer, nay,
more than any other officer of the regiment.
Mr. THURMAN. May I ask a question
of the Senator ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I understood the Sen-
ator from New York to say that medicines are
contraband of war by the law of nations. I
take issue with him, and say that m 110 civil-
ized country in the world at this day are medi-
cines contraband of war.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the honorable Sen-
ator hold that our statute is in contradiction
or confirmation of the public law in that be-
half?
Mr. THURMAN. If you have a statute
that makes medicines contraband of war. it
stands on the statute itself and not on the
public law of nations, for any such thing is
utterly repudiated by the law of nations.
Mr. CONKLING. I had better withdraw
my remark than have a side-bar with my
learned friend on an issue of no valrfe here
except as an illustration; my friend from Ver-
mont whispers, except as medicine. I doubt
very much whether it would be even medicine
to the Senate. [Laughter.] I think medicine
in the direction of brevity and dispatch might
minister to the sufferings of the Senate better
than an excursion to ascertain what the law
of nations holds touching contraband of war.
I pass that by, and return to my proposition
that this claimant is confronted by every ele-
ment of this oath, excepting one.
Was he not, then, when the proceeding called
an election took place, one especially nom-
inated and pointed out by law as unable to
accept or hold this office ? If he was, is he
not one of those referred to by this commen-
tator and referred to in the many authorities
he cites? Was he not an illustration of the
rule that votes east for one who cannot take
or execute the office are no votes at all, and
that the formalities of his choice constitute so
election at all ? If there be a distinction be-
tween his case and others in this regard it is a
distinction which I do not know.
Mr. President, I call the attention of the
Senate to another suggestion bearing upon the
position I am now-endeavoring to maintain.
I say, first, had the disabilities of Dr. Miller
been removable it would not affect the ease
at all. I say this to anticipate an argument
that the rule holding an election void does
not apply to those who might by lapse of time,
and by process of law, become eligible or quali-
fied. Had the disabilities in question been
removable, in legal contemplation, I maintain
that the case would not thereby be changed.
In the British Parliament every disability
is removable at will. It has been humor-
ously said the British Parliament may do any-
thing except make a man a woman. No-
body will deny that the British Parliament
in the case of vVilkes, and in all like cases,
had authority to dispel at once all cloud of
disability; and yet in the British Parliament
as much as anywhere has rigorously been ap-
plied, hewing to the line no matter where the
chips flew, the principle that a man disabled
at the time was not elected at all. Can you
have a stronger affirmation of this rule than
its preservation and enforcement in that forum
with an existence of eight hundred years, where
parliamentary practice and law has been ham-
mered out on the anvil of enlightened expe-
rience ?
Suppose it were otherwise; suppose you
could except a case from this rule, if you
found a case of disabilities removable by law;
does that advance the argument in favor of
this resolution? No, sir. It impedes it. Why?
Because the very argument here is that Dr.
Miller was in such a predicament that there
was no way in legal contemplation of removing
his disabilities. He was not, they say, an
offender large enough to be within the pro-
vision of the fourteenth amendment. There-
fore, in legal view, the future had no remedy
for him. He was, like Mahomet's coffin, sus-
pended between heaven and earth. He did
not touch a remedy either way. Very well; I
accept that as the truth of the case. Shall
it then be said, even if the distinction were
valuable, that be was one disabled by tempo-
rary or removable disabilities? No, sir; the
reverse is true.
Had the other Senator from Georgia, who
sits before me, been elected to the Senate
before his disabilities were removed he might
have said: ''The law had provided a way in
which my disabilities might be removed ; the
law had provided an oath which in that event
I might take, and, in legal contemplation, these
disabilities of mine were about to vanish ; they
were passing over me only as an eclipse passes
over the sun, and to-morrow they were not to
be at all." But the argument here is that
this claimant, a lesser offender, as is said—an
offender of that class described in two statutes—
had not eveB the golden promise of a shadowy
