1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
the construction of the other, I am not sure
bat that it would be implied to contain a nega-
tive-pregnant and make them pay the interest
as fast as it was paid by the Government.
Now, all that my amendment dyes is to require
the Government to pay over to the companies
one half the compensation for transportation
as it accrues. It is wrong to get in here a con-
struction that will be utterly destructive to the
road; and in preparing amendments here in
the hurry of this period of the session, with no
time to consider them, we are liable to do
great wrong. I should like to test the sense
of the Senate, and with that view I wish to
inquire whether I can move to lay on the table
all the amendments to the amendment without
carrying to the table the original amendment
I offered. ["Oh, no!"] Well, then, I hope
these amendments will be voted down and
that the Senate will adopt my amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I submit that regularly
the question would be first on the substitute I
offered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, that is not now in
order. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio to the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order for the Senator from Ohio to accept it,
but it is not in order for the Senator from
California to move it because the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio is an amendment to
an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia must see that there is more objection to
his amendment as matter of verbal criticism
than there is to mine. I make no objection to
it myself, however.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should really like to
know what the present attitude of the contro-
versy is. I understand that first of all the Sen-
ator from Nevada offered an amendment to
the appropriation bill. To that amendment
the Seuator from Ohio offered an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. For the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio I offered a substitute,
which he does not accept, and which the Chair
therefore rules not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes; be-
cause it is in the third degree.
Mr. CASSERLY. There ought to be some
mode of getting this proposition in such a
shape that we should all agree that it accom-
plishes the desired object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is impossible when
such amendments as'that of the Senator from
Nevada are sprung upon the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will say this, if it be in
order; and if it be out of order I hope my
brethren here will indulge me for a moment:
there are two facts in connection with this
question of interest. One fact is as to the
repayment of the interest on the maturity of
the bond. On that there is no question; the
liability of the companies is admitted. The
other fact is as to the liability of the compa-
nies to repay the interest to the United States
as fast as it is paid by the United States, and
that is the controversy now existing between
the Government on the one hand and these
companies on the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, if my friend will
allow me, the language liave used reserves
all questions with respect to interest, whether
payaWe now or in the future.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Ohio
will insert in his amendment the very language
he has now employed, I concede that that will
cover it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is ia it, " in respect to
interest,1'
Mr. CASSERLY. Does it say "all ques-
tions with respect to interest?" If that lan-
guage is there, I have nothing to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the last clause of my
amendment be reported.
The Chief Clekk. The last clause of the
amendment to the amendment is in the words
" but that the legal rights of all the parties in
respect to such interest shall be determined
by previously existing law."
Mr. SHERMAN. You cannot make broader
phraseology than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, let
us inquire what is the Senate about to do ? It
seems to me that the Senate is now engaged in
a matter of very little importance, amounting
to nothing. If the original amendment passes,
and the Secretary of the Treasury pays over
one half the amount due for services rendered
the Government, then the next day he sues to
get it back. That is all this would amount to
in the shape that you are placing it. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury thinks he has a right to
retain, by way of set-off, the amount that is
due to the companies for transportation. It is
a matter of very little consequence whether he
retains it by way of set-off or whether he pays
it over to-day and recovers it back to-morrow.
I do not think anything can be accomplished
by that kind of legislation.
The meaning of the laws as they exist is the
question in controversy between the parties;
not whether the Secretary shall pay the money
over to-day and recover it back to-morrow;
that is of no consequence whatever to these
companies. I do not mean to go into the
argument now, because it is difficult to hold
the attention of the Senate upon a legal prop-
osition ; the question is presented in the report
of the committee, and I think very clearly aud
conclusively.
The law as it exists compels the Govern-
ment, according to our opinion, to pay for
one half of the services that are rendered. If
it does not mean that, I do not know what it
does mean. That is the language of the law,
not of the first statute in 1862 ; but under the
first statute of 1862 you could not get the road
built, and in 1864 Congress was called upon to
do something more. In 1862 Congress said to
those parties, " If you will build this road
we will place _in your hands the bonds of the
United States^ which shall be a first mortgage
upon the road you are to build ; you shall pay
us five per cent, of the net earnings of the road
after it is done, and you shall do all our busi-
ness for us and we will pay you nothing for it,
but retain the amount earned on account of
what we have to pay for interest on the bonds
which we advance to you."
Nobody undertook to build the road. _ Con-
gress assembled in 1864, and what did it do?
It said, "Instead of the bonds we issue being
a first mortgage on this road we will postpone
them to a second mortgage; you may borrow
an amount of money equal to the amount of
the bonds which we issue to you and mortgage
your road to pay the money that you borrow,
and we will postpone our claim upon you till
after that." And what else did Congress say?
44 Instead of retaining the whole amount due
for services rendered the Government we will
retain but half." That is the language of the
act of 1804. I do not quote the precise words,
but that is the purport. I will refer to the
very words. The act gays:
"Only one half of the compensation for services
rendered for the Government by said companies
shall be required to be applied to the payment oi
the bonds issued by the Government in aid ol tbe
construction of said road."
In 1862 we said, " All the compensation for
service rendered for the Government by said
company shall be required to be applied to the
payment of the bonds issued by the Govern-
ment in aid of the construction of the road.
In 1864 we said one half of it should be so
applied. Did we mean by that, " We will only
apply one half of the amount to the payment
of these bonds, but the moment we have paid
you the other half we will sue you and take it
right back from you ?" Does anybody suppose
that was the meaning of Congress? What ben-
efit was that to the companies? Did we sol-
emnly put it into an act of Congress in 1864
that we would only apply half the compensa-
tion that was due to the companies to the pay-
ment of those bonds that we had advanced for
the companies, and mean by it that when we
had paid half to them we would sue them
next day to get it back? Of what benefit would
that be?
As I said, I did not mean to go into the argu-
ment. If we are to put on this appropriation
bill an amendment of any kind upon this sub-
ject, let us put on an amendment that amounts
to something and not leave it just as you have
left it now. What benefit will it be to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay over to
these companies one half the amount due for
compensation and at the same time direct him.
to sue to recover it back ?
Mr. SHERMAN. But is there provision
directing him to sue to ^recover it back?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Secretary says he
has a right to retain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We say that he has not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We say that he has not,
but at the same time that we say that he has
no right to retain it we say, "Ah, but we do
not tell you that you have not a right to recover
it back; we mean to leave you to do that."
Now we know what his opinion is.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend must perceive
that we are not practicing before a justice of
the peace. It does seem to me that the idea
of the Secretary suing to recover back this
money after he had paid it would never occur
to the mind of anybody. It is a disputed prop-
osition whether the United States, as second
mortgagee, can reclaim the payment of interest
on these bonds, and there is no right in the
Secretary of the Treasury to sue for this money
unless he has authority to do so by Congress.
Perhaps the Department of Justice, in pros-
ecuting a claim for the United States, might
bring a suit in order to test this question. _ I
do not know as to that. I would not advise it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
from Ohio see that we are settling nothing by
this? We are leaving the companies just as
they were before, and leaving it to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury just as it is now. The
Secretary of the Treasury says that the money
which the United States pays on these bonds
by way of interest is due immediately from
these companies. The Judiciary Committee
do not think so; but that is the Secretary's
opinion. That being the Secretary's opinion,
what does he do ? He says he will retain your
money that you have got. Congress says to
him, "You shall not do that; you shall pay it
over." The Secretary, however, is of opinion
that it is due to the United States. Then is
it not his duty to collect it? Do you not, by
the additional amendment put on here, virtu-
ally say that to him? We know his opinion; we
know he thinks that the interest is due to the
Treasury from the companies the moment he
pays it; and now, when you direct him not to
state this set-off (for that is all you do, you
direct that he shall not retain the money by
way of set-off; you do not direct him any '
ther,) he holds his opinion, and you virtually
indorse it by saying, "We know what your
opinion is ; we know you think that these com-
panies are bound to refund to you immedi-
ately after you pay the interest, and we will
therefore put it into a law that nothing we have
done here shall prevent you from carrying it
out." Now, sir, if you are going to direct
anything, direct the law to be carried out as
you understand it. If you do not propose to
do that leave the matter as it stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I cannot
allow what the Senator from Illinois has said
to pass without a remark, although my friend
from Nevada is getting impatient, lne sen-
ator from Illinois is a good lawyer, and he can
see as plainly as I do that there aretwo things
in controversy here. One is the right of the
Secretary of the Treasury to retain the whole
