344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
his fleet to go forward at once to their rescue.
Admiral Davis replied that that was a mat-
ter which must rest on his own judgment; that
he had information that General McMahon,
who had been sent out as minister to Paraguay
to succeed Mr. Washburn, would be there by
the next steamer, and that then he would take
General McMahon and go on with him up to
Paraguay. General McMahon came by the
next steamer, as expected. He came with
instructions for Admiral Davis to go with him;
and instructions came also from th§ Navy
Department to Admiral Davis to go with Min-
ister McMahon to Paraguay, and to rescue
and release Bliss andMasterman and any other
Americancitizenswho mightbe there in duress.
In reference to the matter of the release of Bliss
and Masterman and the redress, if any, which
was to be demanded of Lopez, Admiral Davis
was instructed to act in conjunction with Gen-
eral McMahon; and General McMahon, as min-
ister to Paraguay, was representative of the
civil power of this Government, that power
which gentlemen ask here that the Navy shall
always and everywhere respect.
And let it be borne in mind further that at
that time this Government did not believe the
charges made against Marshal Lopez. Whether
those charges were true or not I do not under-
take to say. This Government did not then
believe them. Lopez was then recognized by
the United States as president of a republic
with which we were on friendly terms, and this
Government then treated him as such, and
held with him friendly official and diplomatic
relations.
Admiral Davis took General McMahon and
proceeded as rapidly as possible until they
found Lopez in the interior of his country,
whero he had retired before the advance of
the allies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLAJJD. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Ortii] will allow me a few
moments longer.
Mr. ORTH. I should like to accommodate
my colleague, but I cannot, as my time is lim-
ited, and I have promised a portion of it to my
colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mybrs.]
Mr. DICKEY. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will get five minutes more.
The SPEAKER,. Is there objection to
extending the time of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Ortii] for five minutes, for the
benefit of his colleague from Vermont, [Mr.
Willard?]
There was no objection.
Mr. WILLAIID. I understand there was
no unnecessary delay in getting to Paraguay,
and they arrived in front of the batteries of
Angostura, in Paraguay, in December, about
two monthsafter Admiral Davis first had notice
of the arrest of Bliss and Masterman. There
was no delay after that occasioned by waiting
for General McMahon. On arriving in Para-
guay General McMahon and Admiral Davis
acted together. Whatever was done there in
the way of official communications; whatever
was^done in the way of procuring the release
of Bliss and Masterman; whatever was done
in the way of the treatment of Bliss and Mas-
terman on board those vessels as prisoners,
was done with the approval and countenance
of General McMahon, who was present and
acting under instructions from the Secretary
of State to act in conjunctions with Admiral
Davis; while Admiral Davis was instructed by
his superior, the Secretary of the Navy, to act
in conjunction with General McMahon.
Now these officers both state, and it is proved
conclusively, although I have not time to refer
to the evidence, that Bliss and Masterman
were not received on board the admiral's ves-
sel as prisoners in any offensive sense of that
word; but they were put under surveillance;
an orderly was directed to keep them under
his observation, and to see that they did not
hold communication with anybody on shore,
and that nobody on shore held communication
with them while they were in Paraguayan
waters.
Mr. BANKS. Was not that offensive ?
Mr. WILLARD. I think no more offen-
sive than your resolution, which you say is not
a resolution of censure. I do suppose that
technically, under the strict definition of the
word "prisoners," they were held as prison-
ers ; and I here call attention to the reason
which Commander Kirkland gives in justifi-
cation of his course in holding them so far as
prisoners, and with that I shall be obliged,
thanking the House for its courtesy, to leave
the matter.
Commander Kirkland, on being asked where
he got his instructions, or why he had any
opinion that it was proper at all to hold these
men, in any sense of the word, as prisoners,
said:
" I think their status on board the vessel is more
nearly defined in Mr. Washburn's dispatch, which
formed the basis and ground for my demand for
them. This language he used in respect to these
men before I went up there, and it was irom it I took
my cue as to my action in the case. lie writes:
" 'The law ol nations clearly prescribes the course
to be followed when persons, members of a legation,
are found to be engaged in any unlawful acts. It
says that the Grovernmentwhich it has offended may
ask that they shall be sent to their own country to
be tried, when the minister will be bound to comply
wuh the request. Therefore, if the charges and
proofs against Mr. Bliss and Mr. Masterman shall
bo furnished me, with request that they should be
sent to their respective countries to be tried, I shall
then have no alternative but to comply, and at the
first opportunity send them away, the one to the
United States, the other to the custody of the Eng-
lish minister in Buenos Ayres. This coarse it is
hoped will be satisfactory to the Government of
Paraguay, as it will remove persons obnoxious to it
from the country, and will subject them to trial
according to the laws of their own-countries, and as
there is little doubt that an American gun-boat will
soon be in these waters, there will probably be but
little delay in carrying it into effect.' "
This is Mr. Washburn'slanguage, and I again
ask the attention of the House to it when they
are considering this question whether Admiral
Davis should be censured because these men
were treated in any sense as prisoners on board
his vessel.
Mr. Washburn's law is unquestionably good
international law, and when members of a lega-
tion even are charged with crime by a friendly
Government it is proper to send them home to
be tried; and if they are sent home to be tried
they must be sent home under such restrictions,
under such guards, so far as prisoners, as to
make sure that they shall go home to be tried.
The whole length and breadth of the offend-
ing of Admiral Davis in this matter is, that he
did put these men so far under guard that they
should not be able to communicate with any
one on shore; but Mr. Washburn's law is
authority for a much more strict surveillance.
According to all the testimony, Admiral
Davis stands as an officer of the highest charac-
ter in the Navy; an officer who has performed
gallant service, and who distinguished himself
and won his present rank by his high conduct
during the late rebellion. No officer has a
fairer record, and no officer has more honor-
ably earned his rank, and I am not prepared to
condemn him upon the memorial of persons of
no character ; persons whose testimony is full
of contradictions of each other and of them-
selves ; persons whose reputation for truth is
not here for the first time called in question ;
persons who have shown the greatest possible
facility in the manufacture of lies.
If the House chooses to condemn one of the
most accomplished officers in the Navy for not
showing the most distinguished consideration
to these unprincipled and mischief-making
adventurers it must do so without the aid of
my vote.
Mr. ORTII. I now yield two minutesto the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. I did not expect to address
the House, even for the two minutes allowed
me, upon this question, so much has it been
discussed, and so well have the resolutions of
the majority been justified by the arguments of
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Orth,]
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
and others. But as one of the majority that
reported these resolutions I cannot assent to
the proposition of my colleague, the chairmau
of the committee, [Mr. Banks,] that by this
resolution, "that Rear Admiral S. W. Godon,
in neglecting to aid Mr. Washburn in reaching
the Government to which he was accredited,
failed to discharge_ his duty as commander of
the South Atlantic squadron," we did not
mean to censure him. In voting for this in
committee I certainly understood it to mean
just what it expresses—■& disapproval of Ad-
miral Godon's conduct in connection with the
subject before us. It was not a pleasant duty,
for I appreciate the fact that Admiral Godon
had been an excellent officer, highly esteemed
for his services. It was nevertheless a duty.
It is not necessary that we shall go a step fur-
ther and demand his trial by the Navy Depart-
ment ; that I shall vote against.
Our chairman says now that this officer acted
under some regulations or directions of the
Navy Department. I do not find in this testi-
mony any regulations or any instructions to
justify him in delaying at all—certainly, not
for thirteen months—to send the United States
minister to Asuncion, where he was directed
to proceed, and where he should have been, to
protect the rights of American citizens in a
country desolated by war and barbarism. There
are none such in the testimony. We do by our
last resolution express most decidedly to the
Navy Department the sense of the legislative
branch of the Government that naval officers
on foreign stations shall render to our dip-
lomatic functionaries every reasonable assist-
ance in the discharge of their duties. I am
not, however, prepared to censure the Navy
Department for instructions which I have not
seen as sent to any of their officers anywhere.
I did not vote to censure Admiral Davis.
And why? _ It is in proof that Admiral Davis
saved the lives of Bliss and Masterman. He
rescued them from the tyrant Lopez. They
were in prison, had been whipped with thongs,
beaten, and tortured well-nigb to death. He
demanded and obtained them. He received
them, if you please, as prisoners. It may be
that he should have insisted on their' being
delivered as free men, but he chose not to
stand on punctilio; he received them, and
saved their lives.
It is said he delayed forty days in getting to
Angostura, where they were; but I could not
persuade myself entirely from the testimony
that there was an intentional delay on his part,
and he says he had not force enough on the
Wasp to take them by force if they had been
refused. Considering, therefore, his gallant
record, considering the fact that he saved the
lives of these men, and considering, too, the
doubt whether there was an intentional delay
in reaching them, I could not vote to censure
him. The case of Admiral Godon is a clearer
one. Our disapproval of his course will have
a wholesome effect on the naval service; and
upon the Navy Department we put the instruc-
tion of the legislative body, so far at least as-
the House is concerned, that naval officers are
not to impede, but in every proper manner
shall aid those who. under the laws of the
land, are sent abroad to represent the country
and protect its citizens.
Mr. ORTH. I would inquire of the Chair
how much time I have remaining of my hour?
The SPEAKER. Thirty-eight minutes.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will my colleague [Mr.
Ortii] yield to me for a few minutes?
Mr. ORTH. For how long?
Mr. VOORHEES. For five minutes.
Mr. ORITI. I would like to have the House
extend my time for five minutes for the pur-
pose of yielding to the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not object to the
extension of the gentleman's time if he will
also yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. OIUH. 1 will do so if my time can be
extended.
