1170
THE CONGEESSIOtfAL GLOBi;
February 13,
by and bye for him or for the Legislature to
rely upon. He was absolutely remediless; so
be it. This seems to me an added link in the
chain of argument .showing -the proceeding
called an election to be no election in legal
effect. " i
Again, Mr. President, those who attempted
to eJectDr. Milleracted knowingly. They are
chargeable with something more than knowl-
edge;, The Legislature had a legal existence ;
so much the Senate has decided; nothing more.
The acts of the Legislature, I submit, were
not such as to excuse it from the operation
of ordinary rules of scrutiny and criticism;
. far from it. Selecting one they were for-
bidden to select to be a Senator is one of a
series of contempts, evasive if not defiant.
Does anybody doubt that a citizen of the Com-
monwealth of Georgia, conspicuous as this
gentleman is admitted and averred to be, a
citizen who had served throughout the war in
the capacity which he avows, was known to
the Georgia Legislature which attempted to
elect him ? Does anybody doubt that they
selected him fully acquainted with the fact
that Congress had said by two acts that he
should not be selected for this place? So
far it seems to me there can be no question.
In the light of other things done by the same
Legislature can we convince ourselves that it
was an act merely with knowledge, an act
merely with notice of the disabilities of Dr.
Miller, and inadvertently or iroprovidently
done nevertheless ? I see nothing in the case
tending in that direction. On the contrary,
the known history of the Georgia Legislature
is full of evidence and instruction to the point
that this was not only knowingly done, but it
was done, as the Senator from Vermont said,
by men who found, if I may be allowed the
expression, a "game flavor" in Dr. Miller
because he was ineligible. They found a can-
didate adapted to their taste, and they found
value in the fact that Congress had said in
advance that they should not elect Dr. Miller,
or if they did elect him he should not hold
the office with which they attempted to invest
him.
Suppose then, Mr. President, that these con-
siderations could be so put that they would
address themselves only to the discretion of
the Senate, is this case meritorious? I deny
that the case addresses itself to the discretion
of the Senate. If I were to speak in the lan-
guage of the courts, I would say it presents a
jurisdictional question; and I would be con-
tent to borrow the language of the Senator
from Vermont when he says the bill before us
is one virtually electing this claimant to an
office to which he never has been elected ; it
is virtually creating the fact upon which alone
is to rest his right to a seat. It is not a ques-
tion addressed to the discretion of the Senate ;
far from it. But suppose it was. Do Senators
see in the acts of the Georgia Legislature, and
in this act in particular, anything which ought
to draw over it a veil, which ought to envelop
it in a panoply of charity or of oblivion, which
ought to exempt it from that scrutiny and
from the operation of those rules which have
prevailed from time immemorial, and which
m our own organism have been applied repeat-
edly in many cases, some of which I have lying
on my desk?
Mr. President, as I believe I said, this case
seems to me to present a question more im-
portant than whether Dr. Miller shall sit in
this body during the small number of days,
less than twenty in all, which shall elapse be-
fore the expiration of the term he claims, and
after this act shall have run the gauntlet of
this Chamber and of the House and received
the signature of the President of the United
States. If that were all, having " a thing to
say," I might have "fitted it with a better
lime;'' but, sir, until now no precedent has
been established of admitting to this body a
man never legally elected to it, admitting a
man disabled when the alleged election took
place,:and disabled at the time of his.applica-
tion. ,
Mta THURMAN, Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Is there any distinction,
in the opinion of the Senator, between admit-
ting a person to a seat on this floor who is in
that category and the Senate passing such a
resolution as this to admit a person into the
House of Representatives who is in precisely
the same categorv?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, Mr. President, I
think there is. I see my learned friend smiles
in advance. _ The Senate will see from that
that my reply should be a good one. A reply
which pleases before it is made must be a good
reply. The question is whether I see a differ-
ence in our action, as it should be, between
this case and a similar one arising in the other
House. I beg the honorable Senator from
Ohio to listen to one difference that I see. The
House of Representatives originates an act,
the purpose of which is to seat a person in the
House; originates an act which concerns its
own privileges, its own organization, its own
constitution. Whether we are bound to inter-
pose in that case, and refuse our assent, is,
I humbly conceive, quite a different question
from the one whether we shall in this body
originate such an act for a similar purpose of
our own. Does my honorable friend see no
distinction?
Mr. THURMAN. The only distinction I
see is that one is at one end of the Capitol and
the other in the other. If the Senator is right
in saying it is creating an officer by act of Con-
gress, I can see no distinction between the two
cases.
Mr. CONKLING. I see that my honorable
friend is an architect in taste; his fancy runs
to the wings of the Capitol, and he makes dis-
tinction between the one end or the other of
the great pile in which we are assembled. I
leave him to meditate upon the arches and
columns and corridors which seem to fill his
mind with architectural ifnot with metaphorical
confusion. [Laughter.]
1 see a distinction even if we had a case
from the House on all-fours, but I say to the
Senate that I know of no such case. The case
of Roderick R. Butler was referred to. I
have said already that in Butler's case an act
was passed before the abridged oath had been
provided, enabling those whose disabilities
had been removed to qualify ; but I might say
something else about the case of Roderick R.
Butler. He belonged to the Union Army,
fought in the Union Army, and, as in the case
of Thomas, his claims were argued upon the
ground that as matter of fact he did not deserve
exclusion. The report made in the House,
much more full than that made here, if there
was one made here, shows, as I state, that
Roderick R. Butler came in the character of
a man who in truth ought not to be excluded,
upon a fair construction of existing law; a man
who in truth had rendered military service,
not against us, but for us ; and, in the language
of another, the reason for the act was the
necessity and the circumstance of the case.
Mr. THURMAN. How about Shober's
case?
Mr. CONKLING. I regret to say that I
cannot speak intelligently of the ease to
which the Senator now refers. 1 have been
looking in vain for the resolution, and also
for the report in the case; and at this moment
I do not feel warranted in saying anything
about it. Therefore I have omitted that case,
and intended to say that I did omit it. It may
be more nearly a precedent than any case I
know of. The case of Thomas is no precedent
at all. Who has forgotten the ground upon
which the argument in favor of Thomas pro-
ceeded here? Why, as the Senator from Ver-
mont said, with tears in his eyes, the young
man's mother joining, Mr. Thomas expostu-
lated against his son's going, did everything he
could to prevent his going, and finally allowed
him to take a little row boat or sail-boat, if I
am right in my memory, which he owned or
claimed, and sell that, and for it receive the
money which he expended in getting clothing
or comforts for himself.
Mr. HOWARD. His father gave him $100
besides.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
reminds me that the father gave him $100 be-
sides. I think the Senator will find he is not
correct in his recollection in this respect. My
recollection is that the young man went off
to the war; his father heard of his having
returned here, word I think being sent him by
a family friend that his son was here forlorn
and needy; and then the father sent him $100,
his enlistment and entry into the rebel service
having been somewhat anterior. That is my
impression, although I will not put it with
confidence against the recollection of the hon-
orable Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. My recollection is Thomas
gave his son $100 before he entered the rebel
service; but I may be mistaken.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator so remem-
bers, I yield to him. The point argued in the
Thomas case was that in point of fact he was
not embraced by the act. It was said that he
only yielded to fate, that he yielded to the
paternal instinct which rules not men alone,
but the beasts of the field; and Senators were
appealed to to say whether they intended to
punish an act done in obedience to overmas-
tering instincts of nature; whether they would
hold the laws of Congress violated by a parent
whose only sin was that he could not stifle the
hunger of a father's heart.
I say, then, that as I understand this case
it is to be, if the Senate shall assent to this
resolution, the pioneer case, the case first and
solitary, of Congress admitting to the Senate
a man disabled from holding a seat when he
applies, and forbidden and barred by law to
hold it at the time a Legislature attempted to
elect him.
If the resolution prevails I know not how
any discrimination is to be made against the
next man who comes, albeit the fourteenth
amendment disqualify him. My own impres-
sion is—and I say it hastily, not to be bound by
it as I would be bound by a mature affirma-
tion—that the man who comes disqualified by
the fourteenth amendment will occupy a more
favorable position than Dr. Miller does, for this
reason: that he will say "I saw and the Legis-
lature saw a legal way open to me to remove
my disabilities, and therefore I ventured."
This man comes arguing, or it is argued for
him, that when he was chosen his disabilities
were immovable and incurable in the eye of
the law ; that the future had no absolution, no
remedy for him.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him? He has told us that he
thought the votes cast for Miller were void,
were not to be counted. Will he be good
enough to tell us whether he thinks the man
who received the next highest number of votes
was legally elected?
Mr. CONKLING. As a mere speculation,
were this a class-meeting to "compare gifts, "
I should have no objection to discussing that
question; but I would rather discuss it when
it arises, and especially so, unless I could in
some way or other learn that the Senate would
listen with patience now while I did discuss it.
Mr. THURMAN. It does arise, because
we have the votes that were given for all the
men. We have distinct lists of the votes that
were given for all the persons voted for.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, Mr. President; but
we have no question before us now except
whether a joint resolution shall be adopted
by Congress, after which Dr. Miller may be
installed in his seat. This question draws to
itself necessarily the question whether Dr.
Miller was elected or not. When the man
who received the next highest number of
