1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
178S
the Judiciary Committee believe the act of 1864
to be, and that is that one half the compen-
sation shall be paid over. Why put iu any
-whereases and provisos and contingencies (hat
will be an excuse for the Attorney General to
commence proceedings and drive these roads
' into insolvency and involve the Government?
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this matter has
been fully discussed. Everything about it, I
presume, is understood. I hope we may have
a vote upon it at once.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Nevada a question. I ask whether a dis-
tinct declaration by Congress that for ten years
the Government will not require any interest
of the company would not do more to protect
the company than the passage of this amend-
ment?
Mr. STEWART. That would involve a
great deal of discnssion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a mere question
of whether we will give these companies this
money for the time being. I am willing to do
it as a matter of generosity, as a matter of
prudence, and a matter of friendship, because
I think the Government ought to help them
along if it can ; but the Government ought at
the same time to protect itself against these
companies falling into the hands of sharpers,
as they have not yet done, but they may ; so
that whenever "it shall be necessary, and we
have any rights, we can put them in force.
As things now are I should be very glad indeed
to see these companies helped. Therefore we
ought to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, which provides for securing this
thing against contingencies.
The Senator from Nevada speaks of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney-
General finding some excuse to evade the wish
of Congress, that one half this transportation
money shall be paid to these companies. I
think that is a remark which the Senator is
hardly justified in making. I presume he
knew the fact that the arrears of interest
accumulating every time in the Secretary of
the Treasury's statement of the public debt
affected the credit of the Government, and
justly, as far as it goes, and that the Comp-
troller of the Treasury called the Secretary's
attention to the fact that this mortgage pro-
vided for a repayment of the interest. Then
what did the Secretary do ? He instructed his
officers to send a polite letter, a private letter,
too, to the head officers of these companies,
particularly the chief one, which is the only one
1 know about personally and directly , the Union
Pacific, calling their attention to this law, and
calling their attention to the fact that these
arrears of interest were accumulating largely.
What response did he get? Did he get a re-
sponse such as perhaps it would have been
wise for these companies to have given ?
" Why, Mr. Secretary, our impression is that
the law does not require us to pay this interest
until the end of the thirty years ; you think it
does, but whether it be so or not, we are not
in a condition to pay you now, and we ask you
as a matter of public propriety, for the interests
of the Government and ourselves, not to press
this queston on us at this time."
If they had given an answer of that kind, I
feel pretty safe in saying that this question
would never have arisen in these Halls. But
instead of that there was fired at the head
of the Secretary of the Treasury a defiance,
telling him that the companies wished •him to
understand that they were under no obliga-
tion to him at all; that they did not owe any
interest. Then what could he do? It was
his duty as an executive officer of the Gov-
ernment, under the direction of the President
of the United States of course, and subject
to his control, as all the Department officers
are, after this flat denial of any right on the
part of the United States in respect to.this
interest, to take such measures as would bring
the subject to a point where it should be
determined.
In my judgment, there is no ground to criti-
cise the conduct of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; but on the contrary there is ample ground
to commend it; and whatever misfortune has
befallen these companies from his withholding
this money which was their due, it is their
own. I say the money is their due. It is like
the case of a person owing a debt secured by
mortgage, and who has also aclaim against his
mortgage creditor of a less amount than the
sum due on the mortgage. That was the con-
dition of these companies. If any fault is attrib-
utable to anybody it is the fault of the com-
panies in adopting a policy which set the Gov-
ernment at defiance and put us in a position,
if they were right, that we could not lift our
finger against any species of misconduct or
failure or default until the end of thirty years,
when, the Senator from Ohio [Mr. SiikkmanJ
has shown, the amount of this interest would
be perfectly enormous. I am sorry it has
happened.
It was a mistake on the part of these com-
panies to poiut the bayonet instead of holding
out the olive branch and saying, "This is a
disputable question ; we do not want to sur-
render our right; and whenever the question
arises we will discuss it with you; but now we
put it upon the ground that it is not proper for
you to press us, even if you have a right to do
it." They did not put it on any such ground.
They therefore forced on the Secretary this
issue as to their legal rights under the statute.
That being the case, while I am entirely will-
ing, and would have voted with pleasure on
any other bill than on an appropriation bill,
to provide for continuing to advance to these
companies one half of this transportation, so
long as I respect the managers of the line, as
I do now, one of whom I see sits behind me,
and while I would give them the whole trans-
portation rather than see them go to the wall,
yet I would not surrender on the part of the
United States that conservative control which
every creditor ought to have over his debtor in
matters of this immense moment to the coun-
try, where such immense amounts of money
are involved. That being the case, I should
hope that nobody would object to this amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to ask him a question before
he takes his seat, about the object of the amend-
ment of Che Senator from Ohio?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He seems to regard the
United States as surrendering something in
case that amendment is not adopted. Does
the Senator from Vermont hold that the United
States would deprive itself of any rights by the
passage of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Nevada?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do.
Mr. TRtiMBULL. Would not the United
States have the right to take proceedings to
collect the interest just the same without that
as with it? It is only declaratory of what right
they would have without that. If the Senator
will look at the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada, I think he will see that that merely
directs the other half to be paid over, and does
not say anything about the interest question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is stated as a fact
by my friend is perfectly true; it does so
direct; but it is a perpetual direction; and
therefore, if at the end of ten years the law
shall turn out to be in our favor on this matter
of interest, and it shall be of the highest pub-
lic moment to the people of the United States
on both sides of the Rocky mountains, on the
shores of the Atlantic and on the shores of
the Pacific, that this road should be preserved
to them by every means that we now possess,
we shall find without the amendment of my
friend from Ohio that provision in this law
standing in our face that under no circum-
stances and at no time shall we exercise the
legal right of appropriating to the Government
in order to keep up this road all that it cau
earn in Government transportation. As I say,
I am entirely willing to-give them for the time
being, and until they can get out of their em-
barrassments, while the roads are in the man-
agement of people in whom I have confidence,
as they are now, all that they require, more
than half the transportation—the whole of it
if they need it; but I do think it would be a
grave mistake for the United States to sur-
render any right that it now possesses. Let us
pay and at the same time let us give notice to
them, and to whoever may come after them,
that in making this payment we do not determ-
ine any question of law against ourselves as to
any part of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is not to ask
the Senator questions by way of argument with
him, but merely that we may understand each
other, and to arrive at the same conclusion in.
regard to the matter if we can.
Now, I ask if the right of the Government
would not be the same without the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio? I cannot see my-
self, and the Senator did not point out so that
I understood it, although it may be clear iri
his own mind, why the right of the United
States at the end of ten years, as he suggests,
would not be precisely the same without the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio as with
it, because the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada does not say anything about the pay-
ment of the interest one way or the other; it
merely directs this compensation for services
rendered the Government, the half that is
retained to be paid over. It directs that much;
and I think the Senator from Vermont and I
both agree that the Secretary ought to pay that.
Mr. THURMAN. I entered upon the inves-
tigation of the questions that were referred to
tne Judiciary Committee with a very natural
hope that I might be able to answer them
advantageously to the Government, with a very
natural hope that it might be found that the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney
General were right in the conclusion to which
they had arrived; and I felt bound of course
to make that investigation with a spirit of per-
fect fairness. The questions were purely legal
questions; there was nothing of discretion
left to the committee ; it was bound to answer
those questions just as a court is bound to
decide a legal question submitted to it. Inves-
tigating the case with that duty resting upon
me, and investigating it as fully, I believe, as
I have ever investigated any legal question, it
was impossible for me to come to any other
conclusion than that which is stated in the
report that has been made to the Senate. If
we are right in that, this ,is simply a legal
question that is now before the Senate, what
are the rights of the United States and what
are the rights of these companies? It is not
a question to be determined by any consid-
eration of policy.
Certainly if I had had the honor to hold a
seat here when the legislation out of which
these questions have grown was before the
Senate, I should not have assented to certain
provisions, perhaps to these very provisions
which give rise to these questions; I should
not have assented to them with my view.
While I admit the great advantage that this
railroad is, and the great advantage that it is
to be, it has always seemed to me that it might
have been built without so great a sacrifice of
the public interest as has been made. I may
be mistaken in that, however; but that has
always been iny judgment.
Here, however, is not a question whether
or not these grants were provident or improvi-
dent. We did not make them; they were
made by our predecessors; and all we have to
do now is, sitting justas if we were judges in a
court, to determine what is the true interpret-
ation of these laws. To decide this question
according to its interpretation, the Judiciary
Committee has done what it could to aid the
Senate in that determination. So far as the
members of that committee are concerned. I
