1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
Mr. DICKEY. I hope the gentleman's
time will be extended for ten minutes.
No objection was made, and further time
was accordingly granted.
Mr. ORTH. 1 now yield for five minutes to
my colleague, [Mr. Voorhees.]
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I expect
to support by my vote the resolutions reported
by the majority of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and I desire to explain in a few words
my reasons for doing so. It is with extreme
reluctance that I part company with the minor-
ity of the committee on this or any other sub-
ject. For thosegentlemen I entertain the high-
est respect—for their abilities, and in every
other way. But this debate has convinced me
that I ought to follow the lead of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] who has so power-
fully presented my views, as well as his own,
upon this question.
In the brief minutes allotted to me by the
courtesy of my colleague [Mr. Orth] I can but
glance at the facts of this case; I shall not go
into details. In this transaction I see an Amer-
ican minister abroad at his post of duty im-
prisoned for many months. I hear him call
in vain upon officers of the United States Navy
for assistance. I see members of his legation,
living in his house, taken from under his roof
by the Power to which he was accredited,
placed in prison, and scourged and racked
upon the torturing wheel.
If any American citizen can hear these
wrongs and outrages simply recited, whatever
may be the character of the persons on whom
they were inflicted, without his blood boiling
in his veins and his heart beating high to avenge
the atrocity, I do not envy his patriotism or
love of country. It matters not to me what
may be the character of Bliss and Masterman.
If an officer of the American Navy should
stand by and see a man scourged and tortured
by a foreign Power, even if he were the veriest
thief, darker and deeper in crime than he who
suffered on the cross of old, while from his lips
came the cry, " I am an American citizen
if an officer under those circumstances should
plead that he was waiting for orders from some
superior at a distance, I would, had I the
power, not merely load him with the censure
of this House, but condemn him to be shot for
recreance to duty. Talk not to me about wait-
ing for orders on a foreign port under these
circumstances, while American flesh was being
torn and American bones were being crushed
on the rack ! Such a plea is a mockery, a
horrible mockery, and a burning insult to our
nationa*l spirit.
Nor does any law of nations or of nature
require such an ignoble attitude on the part
of the Navy. The history of nations is full of
instances where naval officers have placed
themselves under the immediate orders of the
diplomatic agents of their Governments. But
the highest orders in the world are the orders
of humanity, the orders of a just and powerful
patriotism, a patriotism which on desperate
emergencies makes its own orders and waits
to hear from no superior save only that God
who inspires noble deeds. It is on such occa-
sions that immortal actions occur. At such
times heroes are born in a moment, and spring,
full grown and undying, into the arena of his-
tory. If these officers whose conduct is under
consideration had been equal to their station,
their names would now be spoken with uni-
versal honor, instead 'of being coupled with
terms of reproach and indignation.
Had they been patriotic men they would
have known their duty without waiting for
orders. Instead, however, of promptly acting
in behalf of the honor of their country, they,
for more than a year, threw every obstacle in
the way of the American minister, Mr. Wash-
burn ; they embarrassed him in every con-
ceivable mode; they even refu-sed him trans-
portation. If they had been avowed allies of
the desperate, bloody, brutal tyrant who im-
posed stripes and chains upon American citi-
zens, they could not more effectually have
played their part than they did.
I do not know these men. It is no pleasure
to me to censure anybody. I would not carry j
pain to any breast unnecessarily. But upon
questions of this kind the American Congress
cannot take too high ground. We cannot do
too much in these degenerate days toward
restoring the once high but now fallen stand-
ard of our foreign policy. I use the term
" degenerate " as applied to that policy ; for I
have been long impressed with the weak and
disgraceful foreign policy of this Government.
For nearly a quarter of a century we have
lived upon the fame of one glorious action on
the part of our Government; on the conduct
of one officer of our Navy in reclaiming from
bondage Martin Ivoszta. In every speech since
that event it has been used to adorn our his-
tory. We have had nothing else. We have
banqueted on this diet alone. Let us have
something more than the Martin Koszta case.
Let us not live forever upon the fame achieved
by rescuing one citizen and only one from for-
eign oppression and outrage. Let us replenish
the barren pages of our history with new and
fresh glories of a similar kind.
I see theSpeaker'sgavelisaboutto descend.
I will stop at this point, though there is much
more I would be glad to say.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, one of the
differences between me and my fiiend from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] is that I rise without
any boiling blood, without any emotion of feel-
ing or of passion. It is in this spirit that I
always endeavor to consider questions of this
kind. I think I differ also with my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] reluctantly as I am
compelled to do so, because he is or appears
to be filled with the same spirit as my friend
from Indiana. It seems to me that if we look
at this matter in the proper spirit, as it is really
presented by the memorial, the testimony, and
by the facts as they have been stated by the
gentlemen who have spoken, we must view it
in a very different light from that which mere
passion would dictate. •
The conclusion which my mind has reached is
that neither Mr. Washburn nor these admirals
should be censured by the House of Kepre-
sentatives. The time of the performance of
the acts upon which we are now sitting in judg-
ment has long passed by. We cannot change
the facts or the circumstances or prevent their
occurrence. Is the House of Representatives
to be constituted a court, I will not say of
justice, but a court to try and to determine
upon the acts of these parties long after the
time of their performance?
If these men have violated any law are they
not entitled to a fair, a just trial upon a proper
presentation of the case before a legal and
proper tribunal? Or is this House of Repre-
sentatives to constitute itself a court to try
and determine all the violations of law and
supposed improprieties of conduct, and now at
this late day to pass judgment upon their acts?
Nay, more, are we now and at this time not
only to try them, but are we to make the law
by which they should have governed them-
selves, and condemn them for not obeying a
law not in existence? Are we not only to as-
sume an unwarrantable jurisdiction as a legis-
lative body in the trial of these men, but to
convict and pass judgment upon them without
a trial, without a hearing, without any law
either defining their offense or prescribing the
penalty incurred ?
The party to which I have adhered and to
which I now belong has protested, not once
but many times, against the assumption by
this House of powers that do not belong to it;
against its trenching upon the other depart-
ments of the Government. What more flagrant
assumption than this can be imagined? For
one I can never consent to the legislative body
of this country becoming anything other than
a legislative body. Whenever it undertakes to
assume the jurisdiction of the courts its action
must receive my honest and hearty protest. I
will wash my haeds of the proceedings. I will
not be a party to it, but to the utmost of iny
ability my utterance shall be against it.
If these gentlemen, the naval officers or
Minister Washburn, have violated any law, (and
I have heard none referred to, certainly none
quoted, which they have violated.) I do not
object to their trial before the proper tribunal
and condemnation if found guilty. But I in-
sist they, as wellas thehumblestcitizen charged
with crime are entitled under our law to a fair
and impartial trial before the constitutional
and legal tribunal of the country. What law,
what regulation of the Navy Department, what
order of their superior officersx>r of the Depart-
ment, have they violated or disobeyed? What
charges or proofs are there in the record that
these two admirals have not obeyed every law
and every order of the Government? It is not
their fault that the law or their orders from
the Government were defective or insufficient.
It was their business to obey not to make the
law. If the law is indefinite, uncertain, or
insufficient, it is the duty of Congress to make
it what it should be, and until there be a law
there can be no violation and no just condem-
nation.
But it is now proposed by these resolutions
to try Admirals Godon and Davis and the
whole Navy Department; to convict, condemn,
and pass sentence upon them without giving
them a hearing, and without any law by which
to judge them. By what right, by what author-
ity do we assume to condemn these men? The
Navy Department, as far as I understand, has
never censured or found fault with any one
connected with this affair. No complaint or
charges, so far as we are informed, have ever
been made to that Department of any mis-
doing of these officers; certauily not of any
crime of which we should now seek to convict
them. Their action has been approved by
their superiors; ^nd yet, without court mar-
tial, without legal trial of any sort, without
arraignment before any tribunal known to our
law, without any opportunity for defense, they
are here arraigned, not before the Congress of
the United States, but before this House—a
single branch of the legislative body—and all
they hold dear on earth, it may be their good
name, destroyed.
I say, sir, that this proceeding is most out
rageous and unheaid ot. I repeat, if these men
have violated the law, they are entitled to a
trial; they are entitled to be confronted with
the witnesses against them, and have witnesses
in their defense ; they are entitled to a jury of
their countrymen upon'the facts, and to the
administration of the law as it existed at the
time of the occurrence.
Mr. Speaker, I protest against this House of
Representatives or the Congress condemning
or censuring Minister Washburn or either of
these admirals. In doing so we are, in my judg-
ment, exceeding our jurisdiction, and trench-
ing upon the proper and legitimate jurisdic-
tion of the judicial department of the Govern-
ment. This Congress has gone far enough
already in this direction, and I now admonish
gentlemen that the time has come when we
should confine ourselves to the exercise of
our own proper functions, and not usurp the
functions and powers which, under our sys-
tem, rightfully belong to the other coordinate
departments.
Mr. ORTH. I will yield for the last time
for two minutes to the gentleman from Onio.
Mr. MCFNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I do notlook
upon this as a matter of trial, nor do I care to
indulge in any words about technicalities. _ 1
do not think that the American people require
their Representatives to go through any cir-
cumlocution in order to. give «Presst10" to
their opinions. I am satisfied the
of the American people will indorse the sirong-
