1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
votes shall come with a claim, if he does, we
will hold an inquisition to ascertain exactly
the facts and circumstances touching him;
and then, if J am here, I give my friend a cov-
enant that I will state, as well as I am able,
what. I suppose the law to be touching that
case. But as another case vexes the ear of
the Senate now, I would rather not import
into the debate a foreign matter.
I conclude, then, Mr. President, as I should
have done sooner but for the interruptions, by
saying that I regard this question as important
in its influences upon the future and upon after
coming cases. I say that if it shall become, in
the language of the law, res judicata, here that
a man is elected because votes were given to
him, albeit he was disabled at the time, that
he may be seated in virtue of that election,
although his disabilities have not been re-
moved, I know not where we are to stop or
whom we are to exclude. I agree that we are
going quite fast enough by processes of gen-
eral legislation. We have already abated the
test-oath for the future; we have said we draw
a line now; we say that the time has come
after which it will be safe to relax this oath;
and straightway comes a proposition that we
shall at once take up an individual case, and
shall go back and embrace that also. I say
no. General legislation has advanced rapidly
enough, and we are in danger of doing an act
which will embarrass us in any future case,
no matter how flagrant and defiant. The dis-
tinctions which can be made will be merely
persuasive, and I humbly conceive distinc-
tions with no difference whatever in the prin-
ciples or the verities upon which they rest.
I need hardly say that I have no feeling in
my heart or in my mind unfriendly to Dr.
Miller. Far from it. I would see him here
with as much pleasure, personally, as I have
in seeing the honorable Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Hll.l/,] with whom I had the pleasure long
ago to serve elsewhere. I feel constrained, how-
ever, by what seems to me the law of the case,
the right of the case, to deny that Dr. Miller
was legally elected a Senator from Georgia,
and to deny that he can properly be installed
as a Senator from Georgia. In so doing I
only affirm that Georgia has the right that
Vermont and Indiana have to be represented
here, and, in order to be so represented, she
has only to do as Vermont and Massachu-
setts and other States have done, namely:
select a man who is able to hold the office, in
place of choosing one who is not able or per-
mitted to hold it. That is all.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, Hux
and Miller were, in form, duly elected by the
Legislature of Georgia, ia 1868, Senators to
represent thatState in the Senate of the United
Slates. In 1870 the Legislature of Georgia,
claiming the election of Hill and Miller was
void, because the Legislature of 1868 was not
competent to elect Senators, proceeded to, and
in form did, elect two others, Farrow and
Whitelky to represent thatState in this body.
In the early part of the present session of
Congress these two sets of Senators presented
their credentials and claimed seats as Senators
from Georgia.
The Senate has already considered and
acted upon the case of Mr. Hux, and has
decided that he was duly elected; that he was,
in virtue of that election, entitled to take his
seat; and he has been sworn in, and is now a
member of this body. The Senate has there-
fore decided that the Legislature of Georgia in
18G8 was competent to elect Senators. And it
is admitted ou all hands that the same Legis-
lature which elected Hill did, at the same
unit-, elect Miller, and that be is entitled to
his seat, provided that he can and will take
such oath or oaths as may be lawfully tendered
to him in that behalf.
The case presents these additional facts: that
Hill, Farrow, and Whitelky, all of whom
were disqualified hy the fourteenth amend-
ment) have had their disabilities removed by
act of Congress ; and that Miller, not being
disqualified by that amendment, has no disabil-
ities which Congress can remove. But Miller
acted as a surgeon of a rebel regiment during
the war, and therefore committed treason
against the United States; and not having
held any office which compelled him prior to
the war to take an oath to support the Consti-
tution, his offense was simply treason, without
the attending and aggravating crime of per-
jury. It is only in the latter class of cases,
this aggravated treason, and that by virtue of
the fourteenth amendment, that Congress has
the power to relieve the guilty party of any of
the consequences of his crime.. All other
criminal offenses against the United States,
including simple treason—Miller's case—may
be reached by executive clemency, but not by
an act of Congress.
Miller having been guilty of treason cannot
take the oath prescribed by the act of July 2,
1862, commonly called the iron-clad oath.
And the question is whether the Senate may
lawfully require him to take that oath. And
this depends upon the further question, whether,
as applied to him at the present time, and in
his character of Senator-elect, the act requir-
ing him to take this oath is constitutional or
unconstitutional. If unconstitutional, of course
we cannot require him to take that oath, and
he is entitled to his seat on taking the oath
prescribed by article six of the Constitution,
which is merely an oath that hereafter he will
support the Constitution.
This is a matter about which I have not the
slightest feeling, personal or political. The
term for which he was elected will expire within
I a month, and the only importance attaching to
the subject is that it may be decided correctly.
Ill my opinion that act, as applied to him at this
time "and in his present capacity, is unconsti-
tutional ; and taking care to avoid all exagger-
ation of argument, sometimes inspired by the
warmth of debate, I shall merely state the sev-
eral propositions of law and fact which lead
my mind to this conclusion, and vote accord-
ing to my convictions, and thus and then my
duty will be performed.
This oath was prescribed by the act of July
2,1862, enacted by Congress while the Govern-
ment was rocking the throes of civil war, and
and when it was believed, at least, that many
who were holding office under the Government
were in full sympathy with the public enemy.
It is as follows:
"X, , do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
have never voluntarily borne arms against the
United States since I have been a eitizen thereol;
that I have voluntarily given no aid, countenance,
counsel, or encouragement, to persons engaged m
armed hostilty thereto; that I have neither sought,
nor accepted, nor attempted to exercise the func-
tions of any office whatever, under any authority or
pretended authority in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended Government, authority, power, or consti-
tution, within the United States, hostile or
ical thereto. And X do farther swear (or affirm)
that, to the best of my knowledge md ability. 1 will
support and defend the Constitution of the united
States against alt enemies, foreign and domestic;
that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the
same- that I talce this obligation freely, without
any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and
that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties
of the office on which X aoa about to enter: so help
mo God."—12Statutes, p.502.
After the war had closed, after thejebellion
was suppressed and the flag ol the Union was
floating unchallenged in every part of our
dominions, the President of the United States
issued his proclamation granting ^ to all who
had been engaged in the rebeljion, except
only such as were then under indictment, full
■ pardon for their crimes. Miller, not belong-
ing to the excepted class, his offense was cov-
ered by the proclamation, the effective part
of which is as follows:
"Now, therefore, be it known that I. Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, do, by vir-
tue of the Constitution and in the name of the people
of tho United States, hereby proclaim and declare,
unconditionally itod without reservation, to all and
to every person who directly or indirectly partici-
pated in the late insurrection or rebellion, except-
ing sueh person or persons as may be under present-
ment or indictment in any court of the United States
having competent jurisdiction upon a charge of
treason or other felony, a full pardon and amnesty
for the offense of treason against the Onited States,
or of adhering to their enemies during the late civil
war, with restoration of all rights of property, except
as to slaves, and except also as to any property ot
which any person may have been legally divested
under the laws of the United States."—15 Statutes,
Appendix, page 702.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What proclamation was
that?
Mr. CARPENTER. It was a proclamation
issued by the President of the United States
on the date which it bears.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The 25th of December,
1868, was it not—the Christmas proclamation?
Mr. CONKLING. A Christmas gift ?
Mr. CARPENTER. What pet names Sen-
ators may give to it I care not. The proclama-
tion is what I have read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wished to know
the date of it, so that we could identify the
particular document.
Mr. CARPENTER. There never was but
one such proclamation issued.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There were several of
the same character.
Mr. CARPENTER. I presume the Sen-
ator from Vermont is aware of the proclama-
tion to which I refer. It is the only one of
the kind, and I have read the operative part
in full. The Senator can apply what affec-
tionate terms to it he pleases after 1 have con-
cluded.
The first thing to be considered is tlie effect
of this proclamation. At the time this proc-
lamation was "issued there existed, and still
exists, great diversity of opinion as to the pro-
priety of that executive act; bat it is certain
that, wisely or unwisely, such proclamation
was issued with all the forms of law by the
| then President of the United States. If that
proclamation would have been valid, had the
case been such that every man could indorse
its propriety, it is equally valid though every
good citizen in the country should regret and
condemn its issuance.
The power to pardon offenses against the
United States is vested in the President; and
wheu exercised by him it produces the same
legal results, whether the person to whom it is
granted ought or ought not to be pardoned.
Power or jurisdiction absolutely vested in a
public officer, its exercise is confided to his
discf-etion alone, and that discretion cannot be
reviewed by any other tribunal except on im-
peachment of such public officer. It author-
ities be needed to sustain this proposition,
they are fouud in Houston vs. Moore, 5
Wheaton, 1; and Martins®s. Mott, 12 Wheaton,
34. The question, then, is, had the President
constitutional power to issue this procalma-
tion ?
Article two, section two, of the Constitution
provides that the President " shall have power
to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses
against the United States, except in cases of
impeachment."
While the Constitution was pending before
the people Hamilton, Madison, and John Jay,
three of the most eminent statesmen of that
time, published a series of articles, preserved
i to us in the volume we call the Federalist.,
which have ever been regarded as of great
authority in the construction of the Constitu-
tion. It was the object of these writers to
soften the opposition made to the Constitutjon
upon the ground that it granted to the Union
powers which might result in the destruction
of the States. And from beginning to end the
effort was to prove that the Constitution eon-
' ferred upon the Union only such powers ;ia
j the good of all required; and of course the
i temptation was to lessen rather than exagger-
| ate the extent of Federal power contemplated
by the Constitution.
" I do not recall a single instance in which a
power conceded in the I^ederalist to be con-
ferred has been held by the courts not to be
