urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
suppose they have their minds fully made up
On that question and need'no farther examin-
ation. Whether that is so with other Senators
or not whose attention has not been so par-
ticularly called to it, I do not know; each one
must judge for himself.
There is one thing I wish to say, however,
thongh it is somewhat a repetition of what has
been said by the Senator from Illinois, and it
is this : there is not one word in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Nevada that
concludes the United States, even by implica-
tion, upon the question whether the United
States has not a right to demand a present
repayment of the interest. There is not one
word in it that has any such effect. By your
act of 1864, in language just as positive and
mandatory as can be used, it is provided that
but one half of the earnings of the road for
transportation for the Government shall be
applied to the payment of this interest. I am
quoting from memory, but that is the legal
effect. The language is just as plain in my
judgment as it could be. What does this
amendment say 1 Simply that the Secretary
of the Treasury, who is merely a ministerial
officer, whose business it is to execute the
laws, not to make them, shall perform that
duty which the Congress of the United States
by the most positive language has told him to
perform. That is all there is of it. Whether
or not the United States would have a right to
maintain an action for the interest that it has
already paid and for each installment from
time to time as it may pay it, or for what may
remain unreimbursed to it after the application
of the earnings of theroad by the Government,
is not determined in the slightest degree by the
amendment which is offered by the Senator
from Nevada. The whole scope ofthis amend-
ment is simply to say to the Secretary of the
Treasury, "Do you obey the law; the law as
it is now written;" and the necessity for it is
that the Secretary does not obey the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 21.
Mr. STE WART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On this question and kin-
dred questions I am paired with the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] who was forced to
leave on account of ill health. He would, if
here, vote in favor of the road, and I, on ac-
count of its not being in my judgment appro-
propriate to this bill, and for other reasons,
should vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard. Bore-
man, Casserly, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Harris, Hill, lloweil, Johnston, McCreery, Miller,
Morril! of Vermont, Patterson, Pratt, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stearns, Stockton, and Vick-
ers—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Brownlow, Came-
ron, Chandler, Cole, Corbctt, Gilbert, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy. Pool,
Revels, Rice, Ross. Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Carpenter, Cat-
tel!, Conkling, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamlin,
Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Ramsey. Sehurz,
. Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, and Yates—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. MORIIILL, of Vermont. Let it be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is after
line one hundred and twelve of the bill to
insert:
In "accordance with the fifth section of the act ap-
proved July 2. 1864, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ooeau and to secure to the.Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes,' approved July 1,1862," the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby directed to pay overin money
to the Pacific railroad companies mentioned in said
act and performing services for the United States,
one half of the compensation at the rates provided
by law for such services heretofore or hereafter ren-
dered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 36, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Gilbert, Harlan,
Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Revels,
Rice, Ross. Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart,, Stock-
ton, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner,
"Williams, Wilson, and Yates—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, McCreery, Miller,
Morrill of Vermont, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stearns, and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham. Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Ferry, Flanagan,
Fowler, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Howe, Johnston,
Morrill of Maine, Ramsey, Robertson, Schurz, Sum-
ner, and Willey—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit, in addi-
tion to the amendment just adopted, the
following, drawn by the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton,] which I suppose will be
jlffptlt pfl-——
Mr. STEWART. Is that in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not heard it, and does not know.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
held to determine the legal rights of the several par-
ties, or give construction to the statutes aforesaid,
all of which are to be left to future adjudication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is in order under the usage of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Add the words " except
as herein provided;" but I hope none of it
will be put on. I raise a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada will state his question of order.
Mr. STEYVART. We have agreed to the
amendment offered by me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but that does not prevent the Senator from
Ohio from offering another amendment. The
Chair sees no point on which it can be ruled
out. The question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was declared to be agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
read again, so that, if necessary, I may move
to modify it before the final vote is taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending the
demand for division the Senator from Nevada
desires the amendment be again reported.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to. •
.The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
MESAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3064) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other-purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3070) to promote the con-
struction of the Cincinnati and Southern rail-
way.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives in relation to documents
ordered to be printed by the two Houses of
Congress during the term of the Forty-First
Congress, far distribution among the members
of Congress; the concurrent resolution ia
relation to printing two hundred and forty-five
thousand extra copies of the annual report of
the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1870, and
the concurrent resolution of the House of Rep- .
resentatives in relation to the printing of the
eulogies upon Hon. John Corode, deceased, in
the Senate and the House of Representatives;
and they were referred to the Committee on
Printing.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 510) relating
to the Washington canal, reported it without
amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1372) to provide for the payment of the
direct tax due the United States from the late
slaveholding States, and to donate the interest
thereon to said States in aid of common schools ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 3064) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
3064) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Governmentfor the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY and Mr. BLAIR submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appropriations
to supply the deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 30,1870, and June 30, 1871,
and former years, and for other purposes;
which were, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
Mr. NYE. By direction of the Committee
on Territories I offer the following amendment
to the bill:
To enable the Secretary of War to j>ay to the per-
sons entitled thereto the amount of expenses in-
curred by the territorial authorities of Montana in
calling out the volunteer forecs to suppress Indian
hostilities in that Territory in the year 1&S7, as ascer-
tained to be due, as provided in section ten of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 15, 1870, the sum of $513,343.
This is an amendment which the Committee
on Territories have authorized me to propose,
and I gave notice of it to the Committee on
Appropriations. For more than a year and a
half that committee have been investigating
what are known as the war claims of Montana.
Finally, about a year ago, we secured a pro-
vision' on one of the appropriation bills,
directing the Secretary of War to ascertain the
amount for which the Government was liable
for that war. The claims amounted to thirteen
or fourteen hundred thousand dollars. The
Secretary of War sent out one of his officers,
and a very intelligent one, General Hardie,
to Montana, who was there during the time
these goods were received, to ascertain exactly
what amount the Government was bound to
pay, and he reports that an appropriation
of $513,343 " will discharge, upon just and
equitable terms, all the obligations which the
