346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
est action we can take in defense of the rights
of American citizens at home or abroad.
They indorsed the action of Captain Ingraham
in the Koszta affair. #
This matter, as I understand it, is not a
court-martial. It is not a judicial proceeding.
It is the expression of the opinion of the
Representatives of-the people here on this
point, and it is time, sir, that our ministers
and our naval officers abroad should so con-
duct themselves that everywhere upon the face
of the globe the exclamation, " I am an Ameri-
can citizen," should be as potential a safeguard
as was the sayiug of old, "lam a Roman
citizen." I shall vote for these resolutions of
censure, then, if for no other purpose than to
enforce upon our naval officers everywhere that
it is their bounden duty to protect American
citizens. So much for that part of the case.
I listened to the remarks of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Oetii] when he denounced
the assumption of the Navy and its officers to
be superior to the civil power in disregarding
the request of a minister for that aid which he
needed. I was glad to hear him say all that
he did. It is the very principle for which the
Democratic party has been all along contend-
ing, that is, that the military and naval forces
shall be kept subservient to the civil power. I
willingly, therefore, go with him on that point.
The gentleman from Indiana, as well as
others, referred to the cruelty of the tyrant
Lopez. We were told that he tortured his
brothers, his sisters, and the mother who bore
him. \Ve were told that he had caused the
death of all his brothers-in-law, as well as of
most of his other relatives. 1 agree with the
gentleman in denouncing the crimes of this
man Lopez. Such certainly has not been the
treatment of our President of his brothers-in-
law and his other relatives. I submit that in
this country all the brothers-in-law and other
relatives of our Executive are provided for by
a system of nepotism unexampled before in
the history of any country. [Laughter.] That
is all I have to say.
Mr. OK.TH addressed the House. [His re-
marks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. WOOD. I now move that this whole
subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. SWANN. I will accept the motion of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] as
a substitute for the resolutions reported on my
behalf from the minority of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
withdraw those resolutions. Should the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
not prevail, the resolutions reported on behalf
of the minority of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs must be voted on.
Mr. SWANN. I merely expressed my desire
that the motion to lay on the table should pre-
vail.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Wood ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 47, noes 85.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SWANN and Mr. WOOD called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeasdi, nays 117, not
voting 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Biggs,
Bird. Booker. James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Dick-
inson, l)ox, Duke, Eldndge, Pox, Gibson, Ilaisht,
iliUiteman, llambleton, llamill, Johnson, Kerr,
Lewis Jlaivhai), Mas-ham, Daniel J. Morrell, Mor-
risscy, Xcgley, Niblack, Poland, Reeves, Rice, Seliu
maker, Shcrrod. 81ocum, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner,
Van Auken, Va.ii Trump, Wells, Willard, EugoneM.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—-it.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arncll, Asper, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Banks,Beanian, Beatty, Beck, Bowen,
Boyd, Georse JVI. Brooks. Buck, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burehard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Churchill,
William 'X. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cook, Covode, Cowles,
Gi-ebp, Dawes, Deaener, Dickey, Donley.Ela, Farns-
worth, i'erriss, Fmkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Heiz,
Oilfilla.ri, Hale, Hamilton, Harris. Hawkins, Ilaw-
ley, Hay, Heflin, Hoar, Hogo, Holman, Jenokes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketchain, Knapp, Lawrence, Lougbridge, Lynen,
Maynard, McCarthy, MeCormick, McCrary, Mo-
Grew, McKenzie, Mercur, Jesse II. Moore, William
Moore. Morgan, Morphis, Munscen, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Progser, Rogers,
Sargent, Sawyer, Sconeld. Shanks. John A.Smith,
William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stone, Stougliton, Strong, Taylor, Till-
man. Townsend, Twiehell. Tyner, Van Horn, Van
"VVyck, Yoorhees, Weiker, Wheeler. Whitmore, Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Wolf—117.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Ames, Armstrong, Bailey,
Barnum, Barry, Benjamin, Bennett, Eenton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boles, RoderiekR.Butler,Cake, Cessna,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Cox, Cullom, Darrall,
Joseph Dixon. Nathan P. Dixon, Dockery, Duval,
Dyer,Ferry, Garfield, Griswold, Hays, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, ThomasL. Jones, Kel-
logg, Iinott. Laflin, Lash, Logan, Manning, MuK.ee,
McNeely, Milnes. Eliakim It. Moore, Morey, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, jfewsham, Packer, Potter, liainey,
Kandull, ltoocs, Sanford, Lionel A. Sheldon, Por-
ter Sheldon. Shober, Joseph S. Smith, YvTortlimg-
ton C. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strickland, Sypher,
Taffe, Trimble, Upson, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wilkinson,
Winans, Witeher, and Woodward—73.
So the motion to lay on the table wan not
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. GETZ. My colleague, Mr. Raxdali,, is
absent, on account of the serious illness of
one of his children. How ha would vote, it'
present, I am not prepared to say. And my
colleagues, Mr. Stiles and Mr. Packer, are
both absent and paired. How they would vote
upon this question, if present, I am not advised.
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague, Mr. Mc-
Neeley, is absent on necessary business, and
is paired on all questions with Mr. Moiuull,
of Maine.
OltDlSll OF BUSINESS TO-MORROW.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachussett?. I ask
unanimous consent that the session of to-mor-
row be for dehate only. Quite a number of
gentlemen desire an opportunity to speak.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
PARAGUAYAN INVESTIGATION AfiA IS.
The SPEAKER. The first question to be
voted upon is the amendment ottered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. F.ui.vsk'orth,]
which will be reported.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend the resolutions reported by the committee
by adding thereto the following::
jResolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to institute proceedings, by court ot inquiry
or court-martial, fortho trial of Bear Admirals S. W.
Godon and Charles H. David for the offenses m this
report described.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 80,
noes 20.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Mayxard,] which will bo read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend the resolutions reported by the committee
by adding thereto the following:
Iiesolved, That Fleet Captain V. M. llamsay and.
Commander W. A. Kirkland, in going to the camp
of Lopez to act with the inquisitor? in the case of
Porter C. Blhu and George F. Masterman, members
of the American legation, and in listening to and
verifying the confessions of said Biiss and Madter-
man, implicating the American minister and them-
selves in a conspiracy to overthrow the Government
ot Paraguay, which confessions they themselves say
they knew to be false, and believed to have been
extorted, without communicating vrith said Bhs>s
andMastermanorgivingthemany reason to believe
that they would be protected in speaking the truth,
or that an American fleet had come fur their rescue,
were guilty of a grave offense dishonoring to the
American 2s avy and the country which they served,
and merit and recuive the censure of this House.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes oo> noe^ 58; no quorum voting.
Mr. lvELSBY. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
the Chair appoints as tellers the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr, Eldridge.]
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes Go, noes 09.
So the amendment of Mr. Mayxaed was not
agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Oath, to add to the reso-
lutions reported by the committee the follow-
ing:
Reaolveit, That we disapprove of the conduct of
.Rear Admiral Charles H. Davis, in delaying for an
unreasonable time to proceed to the rescue of
and Masterman, in accepting their release in the
manner and under the circumstances as detailed in
the testimony, and in receiving, holding, and treat-
ing them as prisoners.
| On agreeing to the amendment there were—
j ayes 84, noes 57.
j Mr. ARCHER. I call for the yeas and nays,
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
f The question was taken ; and it was decided
I in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 58. not voting
j 75 j as follows :
j YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Asper, At-
l wood, Axtell, Ayer,Banks, Barry, Beaman, Beatty,
j Beck, Bowen,Boyd,GeorgeM.Brooks, Buck,Buck-
, ley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
' ler, Churchill, William T.Clark, Ainasa Cobb, Clin-
> ton L.Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cook, Covode,
Dawes, Degener, Donley, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
| Kinkelnburg, Fisher, Getz, Gilfillan, Hamilton,
i Harris, XIawley, Hay, Heflin, Hoar. Hoge, Holman,
, Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
1 scy, Knapp, Lawrence, Lvncb, Marshall, Ma3'nard,
McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, MeKee,
MeKenzie. Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore.
Morgan, Morphis, Mungen, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Vaine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Proper, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, William J.
Smith, Stokes, Stoughton, Strong, Taylor, Tillman,
TWnsend, Tyner, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Yoorhees,
Cadwaiader 0. Washburn, Weiker, Wheeler, Whit-
more, Williams. John T. Wilson, and Wolf—101,
NAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cowles, Crebs,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Fox, Gib-
son, Griswold, Haight,Haldeman, Hale, Hambloton,
Hainill, Hawkins, Ilooper, Jenckes, Judd, Kerr.
TCeteham, Lewis,Mayham, Daniel J. Moneli.Mor-
rissey,Myers, Niblack, Peters, Piatt,Poland, Reevi:.<,
Rice, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Sherrod, Slo-
cum, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney, Tanner. Twichey, Van Auken,"Van Trump,
Welis, Willard, Winchester, and Wood—58.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell,
Bailey,Barnum, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton. Bing-
ham, Blair, Boles, RoderickR. Butler, Cake,Cessna,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Cox, Cullom, Darrall,
'i Joseph Dixon. Nathan F.Dixon, Dockery, Duval.
! Dyer. Ferry, Fitch, Garfield, Hays, Hill, Holmet,
! { Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg,
! Knott, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Manning,
!| McNeelv, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Morey. Sain-
ij uel P. Morrill, Negley, Newsham, Packer, Potter
ji Rainey, Randall, Roots, Sanford, Lionel A. Shei-
,! don. Porter Sheldon, Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
'] Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stilea,
Strader, Strickland, Sypher, Taffe, Trimble, Upson.
Wallace. Ward, William B. Washburn, Wilkinson,
Eugene M. Wilson, Viinans, Witeher, and Wood-
ward—75.
So the amendment of Mr. Oiite was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question no?/ recurs
upon substituting the resolutions offered by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. SwaSjs*,] on
behalf of the minority of the committee, for
those reported by the majority.
Mr. ORTH. Upon that questien I call for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolutions offered by the gentleman from
Maryland.
The Clerk read as follows:
liesolvcd, That the forcible arrestand detention of
Messrs. Bliss and Masterman, while under the pro-
tection of the American flag, was an outrage which
demanded prompt reparation.
2. That Mr. Washburn, in submitting to the insult
of President Lopez, in his refusal to grant passports
to Messrs. Bliss and Masterman, and in separating
himself from them in the streets of Asuncion, and
leaving them in the hands and at the mercy of the
Paraguayan authorities, caused aseriouscompromUe
of the American flag, and could not be justified upon
any consideration of personal safety; and that Min-
ister Washburn, in justice to his position and tlie
honor of his Hag, ought not to have accepted his pass-
port until permitted to withdraw with eveiy member
ot_ his legation,
3. That in the hostile or unfriendly attitude as-
sumed by Minister Washburn toward Lopez and the
■Paraguayan Government in his relations and inter-
course with the president of that republic, and iu
associating Bliss and Masterman with his legation,
(one a British subject, suspected by Lopez of a con-
spiracy with his enemies and the enemies of his coun-
try—bota adventurers and of doubtful reputation,)
Minister \Y aahburn committed a grave act of impru-
dence, winch resultedin most, itnot all, of the com-
phcations attending his residence in Paraguay,
•i. that Admirals Godon and Davis, in command
oi the couth Atlantic squadron, have committed no
