1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1173
150, and ex parte. Wells, 18 How., 316, to the
English authorities for the effect of a pardon,
the Supreme Court holding that the effect of
a pardon under our Constitution is the same
as a pardon in England. Blackstone, volume
two, page 4, says:
" The effect of a pardon is to make the offender
Anewiaan, to acquit him of all corporal penalties
ana forfeitures annexed to that offense for which
he obtains a pardon; it gives him a new credit and
"capacity $ and the pardon of treason or felony, even
after conviction or attainder, will enable a man to
have an action of slander for calling him a traitor
or felon."
Bacon says:
"Thestroke being pardoned, the effects of it are
consequently pardoned."
And again he says:
"Thepardon removes all punishment and legal
tiisability."
Without detaining the Senate to read from
the authorities, I refer the lawyers of this
body to Bishop's Criminal Law, section seven
hundred and thirteen; Cope vs. Common-
wealth, 28 Pennsylvania State, 297; Perkins
vs. Stevens, 24 Pick., 280; Jones vs. Harris,
1 Strobe, 162; and People vs. Pease, 3 John-
son's Cases, 383, and cases there cited, as
establishing the proposition that a pardon
removes all stain, consequence, and disabil-
ity resulting from the crime pardoned, and
restores the party to all the privileges, im-
munities, and rights he would have enjoyed
Lad he never committed the offense.
Fortified by these authorities, I assert that
the constitutional effect of the President's proc-
lamation is to declare that Dr. Miller shall
no longer suffer any deprivation of his rights,
privileges, and immunities, in consequence of
having been guilty of treason. In other words,
the case is the same as though the Constitution
had in express words declared that no person
who had committed the crime of treason, and
thereafter had been pardoned by the President
of the United States, should thenceforth suffer
any deprivation of rights, privileges, or immu-
nities, on account of that crime; and that any
act of Congress which has the effect to exclude
him from any right, privilege, immunity, office,
or employment, on account of such crime,
subsequent to such pardon, is unconstitutional
and void, because it would produce a result
which the Constitution says shall no longer
exist.
The Constitution was designed to secure
substantial rights and produce certain results ;
and any act of Congress which produces an
effect which the Constitution intends to pre-
vent is unconstitutional. Congress cannot
evade the Constitution by any indirection. If
an act of Congress accomplishes what the
Constitution forbids, the effect of the act is
in conflict with the Constitution, and the act
is void. (See Green vs. Biddle, 8 Wheat., 1;
Bronson vs. Kinzie, 1 How., 311; McCracken
vs. Haywood, 2 How., 608; and the Passenger
Oases, 7 How., 283.)
To illustrate, the Constitution provides that—
"No attainder of treason shall work corruption
of blood or forfeitare except daring the life of the
person attainted."
An act of Congress which should provide
that before any heir should enter upon his
ancestral estate he should take an oath that his
ancestor had never been guilty of treason, and
that on default of taking such oath the estate
should escheat, would produce a result which
the Constitution forbids, and would therefore
be void. Again the Constitution forbids the
passage of any ex post facto law; that is, any
law which shall declare an act to be criminal
which was innocent at the time of its perform-
ance, or which shall add to any crime a puni-
tor3' consequence which the law did not attach
to it at the time of its commission.
Now, assault and battery is an offense pun-
ishable by fine, but not followed by disqualifi-
cation to hold office. Embezzlement of public
moneys is a crhne punishable by fine and
imprisonment only. Now, an act of Congress
requiring every person before entering upon
any office to take an oath that he had never
committed assault and battery nor embezzled
public funds would, in its practical operation,
add a disability and increase the punishment
provided by law for such offense when it was
committed, and would therefore be an ex post
facto law, repugnant to the Constitution, and
void.
The Constitution, article six, provides that—
" No religious testshall ever be required asaquali-
fieation to any office of public trust under the United
States."
An act of Congress which should provide
that before any person should enter upon an
office of public trust under the United States,
he should take and subscribe an oath that he
was not a member of the Roman Catholic
church, or that he was a member of that
church, would produce a result., namely, ex-
clusion from office for religious faith, which
the Constitution expressly forbids; and such
act would therefore be null and void.
Assuming, then, that the proclamation of
the President exonerated Dr. Miller from all
consequences of the crime of treason, and that
any act of Congress which would exclude him
from office, or from the enjoyment of any other
right or privilege in consequence of thatcrime,
which he would otherwise possess, is void, I
come now to consider the act in question,
which requires Dr. Miller, who has been
elected a Senator of the United States from
the State of Georgia, by a Legislature declared
by the judgment of the Senate to have been
competent to elect Senators, to take an oath
that he has never voluntarily borne arms
against the United States since he has been a
citizen thereof, nor voluntarily given aid, coun-
tenance. counsel, or encouragement to persons
engaged in hostility thereto.
It is manifest that the only reason why Dr.
Miller cannot take the seat in this body to
which he has been elected by a competent
Legislature is that he has voluntarily given
aid—professionally, as a surgeon—to persons
engaged in hostilities against the United
States; and yet this is the offense for which
he has been pardoned by the President of the
United States; and the Constitution of the
United States, as before shown, in effect de-
clares that he shall not suffer exclusion from
this place in consequence of that offense.
In still other words the Constitution declares
that Dr. Miller, having been pardoned for this
offense, shall no longer be excluded from sit-
ting in this body ; but the act of Congress
declares that he shall not take his seat until
he shall have taken an oath which it would
be perjury for him to take, and a part of the
punishment for which perjury shall be that
he shall never occupy a seat in this Cham-
ber. Dropping forms and names, and looking
at the substance of things, the Constitution
declares that although he has committed
treason, yet, having been pardoned, he may
take his seat here, and the act of Congress
declares that he shall not. If the repugnance
between this act and the Constitution, if the
result intended to be secured by the Consti-
tution, and the result intended to be secured
by this act be not manifest, then all effort to
demonstrate it would be useless. Conceding
the validity of the proclamation, the principles
here contended for are fully sustained by two
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, reported in 4 Wallace, Cummings vs.
The State of Missouri, p. 277, and ex parte
Garland, p. 333.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask my
friend from Wisconsin what effect he thinks
this pardon would have on a man disqualified
by the act of 1862 at the time he was elected,
the pardon being granted after the election
took place, the election having been in July
1868, and the pardon in December?
Mr. CARPENTER. As my friend from
Vermont answered to the Senator from Ohio,
that is one of those conundrums that I shall
be happy to discuss when I am at leisure, but
it has nothing to do with this question I am
now dealing with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me. Dr. Miller was elected on the 28th of
July, 1868, I think, or ecrtainly some time m
the month of Jul}'. This pardon to him was
granted in December, 1868. I think, there-
fore, that it is a pertinent inquiry whether this
man was lawfully elected before he was par-
doned, whether he was then qualified.
_ Mr. CARPENTER. That is not the pre-
cise point I am discussing; I shall come to that
question before I take my seat.
There is another ground upon which this
act, so far as it affects Dr. Miller, must be
declared void, because it would otherwise
accomplish a result forbidden by the Consti-
tution.
If there is any one thing evident, from even
the most casual inspection of the Constitution,
it is a design to prevent any person from being
subjected to any penalty on account of treason
until duly convicted by a judicial court having
jurisdiction to punish him for the offense.
The Constitution, article one, section nine,
declares :
" No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be
Article four, section three, provides—
" No person shall be convicted of treason, unless
upon the testimony of two witnesses to the same
overt act, or on confession in open court.n
One provision was designed to prevent Con-
gress from inflicting punishment without trial,
and the other to prevent conviction on trial,
except where the guilt was clearly established.
Now, take Miller's case. He has been guilty
of treason ; but let us suppose that but one living
witness could testify to the fact. The Consti-
tution declares that he shall not be condemned
or punished by Congress, and that he shall
not be convicted on a judicial trial upon the
testimony of this witness alone. And article
five, amendments to the Constitution, pro-
vides that no person shall " be compelled in
any criminal case to be a witness against
himself."
Now, exclusion from office in consequence
of crime is punishment for crime. (See mat-
ter of Dorsey, 7 Porter, Ala., 293, and Barker
vs. The People, 3 Cowen, 686; Cummings vs.
Missouri, 4 Wallace, 320 ; and article one, sec-
tion three, Constitution of the United States,
which provides disqualification to hold and
enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profitunder
the United States, as part of the punishment
in cases of impeachment.)
Now it is manifest that the act under con-
sideration visits upon Dr. Miller, in the case
supposed, disqualification to hold a seat in the
Senate, in palpable violation of these three
provisions of the Constitution.
Without any trial he is visited with this
deprivation, and in the case supposed, in the
absence of two witnesses required by the Con-
stitution, his inability to swear to his innocence
is equivalent to two witnesses against him, and
the result which would follow a conviction in
a judicial court, upon the testimony of two
witnesses against him, is inflicted upon him
by an act of Congress, without any witnesses
against him and without confession in open
court. For these reasons, in my opinion, the
act of Congress in question is as to Dr. Miller
palpably unconstitutional, and he is entitled
to his seat on taking the oath prescribed by
the Constitution. I had intended to offer an
amendment to that effect. To pass a resolution
exonerating Dr. Miller from the operation of
that act is to admit its validity.
Still, as the best thing I can do, I shall sup-
port the resolution as introduced by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] because I
cannot conceive of a result more humiliating
to Congress than a practical declaration that
those persons whose offense arose to the mag-
nitude recognized by the fourteenth amend-
ment shall be admitted to their seats upon
receiving congressional pardon, while Dr.
