1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
United States, by the act above cited, have
been pleased to assume." This communica-
tion was sent by the Secretary of War to the
Committee on Territories. The Secretary, in
bis report, says:
" It will be seen upon reference to the report that
the claims amount to $980,313 11, but that the search-
ing inquiry pursued by the officer charged with their
investigation has induced him to report to the De-
partment that an appropriation of $513,343 will dis-
charge, upon just and equitable terms, all the obli-
gations which the United States, by the act above
cited, have been pleased to assume. Upon careful
consideration the views of the investigating officer
are sustained by the Secretary of War."
Now I desire to say a word about these
claims, and then I shall have done with the
subject. These obligations were incurred by
the Government, and these supplies were fur-
nished by poor men more than three years ago.
They have lain out of their money ever since,
and we have here the report of the War Depart-
ment showing the amount that is actually due
them. I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the subject, and I hope that the poor
men who furnished these supplies, and who
are to get about half price for what they did
famish, will be paid now what has been so long
withheld from them.
Mr. SAWYER. With regard to the amend-
ment which has been proposed by the honor-
able Senator from A:evade, I have a word to
say. The report of General Hardie shows
that of $900,000 of vouchers for the service
performed in Montana Territory there is
probably less than $600,000 due. He states
it at §513,343, which was given for any val-
uable consideration. He states that many of
the vouchers were issued for no considera-
tion ; that the men who issued them, when
they did issue vouchers to parties who had
really furnished supplies, obliged them to give
in return vouchers gratuitously to the men
who were authorized to issue the vouchers,
before they could get those which belonged to
them. There was a long and searching inves-
tigation made into this matter, and the result
is a report froM General Hardie recommend-
ing that a certain amount be paid; but he pro-
poses to cut down all the vouchers which were
in existence, by such an amount as to reduce
these claims from $900,000 or $1,000,000 to
$513,000. In other words, he proposes to pay
a man who has honestly given a dollar, sixty
cents, and he proposes to pay also a man who
holds a voucher for a dollar that never cost
him anything, sixty cents. I submit that that
is not an honest way of paying Government
debts. •
Mr. NYE. I did not hear the Senator s last
remark.
Mr. SAWYER. I say that he proposes to
take all these vouchers that were brought in
and to reduce them in the same proportion, to
take off the same amount from their face as
the amount of actual supplies furnished was
less than the amount of vouchers in existence.
For instance, suppose there are $900,000 of
vouchers in existence and he proposes to pay
$500,000 ; he proposes to pay five ninths to
every man who holds a voucher, although it is
perfectly well known thata great many of these
vouchers exist for which no single item or arti-
cle was ever furnished to the Government. J
submit that, in its present form, an appropn
ation of money to be distributed in that way
would be wrong. .
One word as to what the Senator has said in
reference to the prices paid for these articles.
General Hardie states that the price charged
for wood was from sixteen to twenty dollars a
cord, and the price at which such purchases
could have been made was $6 25 to $7 50 per
cord; that hay was charged at from forty-five
to sixty-five dollars a ton, and it could have
been purchased at from thirty to thirty-five
dollars per ton '• that barley and oats were fur
nished at fourteen and a half cents a pound
and could have been bought at from eight to
eleven cents per pound; that mules could have
been bought for forty per cent, less than the
amount charged; that beef was charged at
twenty-eight and thirty cents a pound when it
could have been bought for from twenty to
twenty-two cents a pound. This goes to show
that of the -vouchers actually issued for sup-
plies really furnished the amounts were alto-
gether too large, and there is other evidence
to show that a great many vouchers were issued
for which no substantial consideration whatever
6XlSt6tS<
Mr. CONKLING. Is there no way of dis-
tinguishing between them?
Mr. SAWYER. If thereis any way of dis-
tinguishing them it has not yet been found.
My own opinion is that the whole subject had
better be left for a future investigation; but if
the Senator presses his amendment I wish to
offer a proviso to it.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. NYE. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from South Carolina yield the floor ?
Mr. SAWYER. I do, for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the motion will
be withdrawn for a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia withdraws the motion to lay this amend-
ment on the table for the benefit of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, I shall be glad also to make a
few remarks, because many citizens of my own
State went to Montana 
Mr. COLE. Then I insist on the motion.
Mr. NYE. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. NYE. So do I. We have already kept
these poor men out of their pay for two or three
years.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. NYE, (after voting in the negative.) I
desire to change my vote. I vote uyea,fJ with
a view of moving a reconsideration.
The result was then announced—yeas 33,
nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Browrilow. Cas-
serly, Cole, Conklinff, Davis, Edmunds, 1 en ton,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton ol
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howell, Johnston,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Bev-
els, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer Sprague,
Stearns, Stewart, Thurman, Viekers, Willey, and
Wilson—33. „ „ „ ,
nays —Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Corbett,
fowler, Lewis, McDonald, Pomeroy, Rice, Koss,
Saulsbury.Seott, Thayer, and Yates—13. .
ABSENT—Messrs.Abbott, Anthony, Blair. Buck-
ingham, Carpenter. Cattell, Chandler, Cragm, Ferry,
Gilbert, Hill, Howard. Howe, Kei ogg, Miller,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Sohurz, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
W arner, and W illiams—28.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I now move to reconsider that
vote, with the additional amendment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. No additional
amendment can be proposed unless the vote
is considered.
Mr. POMEROY. He makes the motion
with a view of submitting it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment was laid on the table, with a
view to offering an additional proviso.
Mr. NYE. Let the amendment as I now
propose to offer it be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay to the
persons entitled thereto the amount of expenses
incurred by the territorial authorities of Montana
in calling outthe volunteer forces to suppress Indian
hostilities in thatTerritory in theyear 18b7, as ascer-
tained to be due, as provided in section ten of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations lor
sundry civil expenses of the Government, and lor
other purposes/' approved July 15, 18(0, the sum
of $813,343: Provided, That payment for services
rendered or property furnished the said territorial
authorities in the suppression of said Indian hostil-
ities shall be only made to the said person or per-
sons who rendered such service or furnished such
property, as ascertained by and stated m the report
of General James A. Hardie, orupon power of attor-
ney, legally executed by sueh person or persons
subsequent to the passage of this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
not reconsider its vote on this matter. I have
thoroughly examined what are called the
Montana claims •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that he doubts
whether the motion to reconsider is debat-
able.
Mr. NYE. I suppose I have, the floor on;
it if anybody has.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada will be entitled to the floor, bat the
Chair thinks it is not debatable.
Mr. NYE. If it is debatable to anybody
it ought to be to. me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is governed
by the same rule as a motion to proceed to
the consideration of executive business, and,
of course, will be governed by the same pro-
hibition of debate. The question is on recon-
sidering the vote by which the Senate laid on
the table the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Nevada from the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. NYE. I simply want to.say that this
matter has been examined and reported upon
by the War Department.
The motion to,reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer an amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me one moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania is recognized, as he bas stated
to the Chair that he has business which will
occupy his attention this evening.
Mr. STEWART. I will state the purpose
for which I rise. I wish to add simply to the
end of the amendment that was drawn up by
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] the
words "except as herein provided;" so that
it shall not be said that it is a repeal of the
first part of the clause. Senators all say they
have no objection to it, and it will take but &
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada?
Mr. EDMONDS. I will not object if he will
say "except as herein, for the'time being,
provided .'' so as not to make it a perpetual
obligation, under all circumstances, to pay this
transportation.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects. The bill is in the Senate,
but the Senator from Nevada can move the
amendment subsequently. The Senator from
Pennsylvania is now recognized.
Mr. STEWART. I will move that amend-
ment and let it be pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; you cannot offer it
now. . . ,
Mr. SCOTT. I offer an amendment which
is authorized by the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is to add as an additional section
the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to the iNa-
tional Homestead at Gettysburg for the orphans ol
soldiers and sailors of the United States, or to their
duly authorized agent, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum, Ol
$20,000, to be applied to the enlargement and im-
provement of the buildings of that institution: o-
vided, That no part of the money hereby appropri-
ated shall be paid an til satisfactory securityshall!je
given to the Secretary of the Treasury by the offioers
and directors of the National Homestead at «®£t5s-
burg for the orphans of soldiers aodsailors ox to©
United States, that the money so paid shall- be duly
and faithfully expended iu carrying out the objects
of this act.
I desire to make a very brief statement with
reference to this amendment. It was, intro-
duced as a separate bill at the last session,
referred to the Committee on Military Attairs
and reported favorably by that committee, and
it now comes here with the sanction ot that
committee. This is an institution'which was
incorporated by the Legislature of 1 ennsyl-
vania and inaugurated in 1866. _ I is an insti-
tution, however, which is entirely national,
and there are orphans of soldiers of the fol-
lowing States now in the institution: Jslassa-
