1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
act to subject them to thecensure of this Government
or the investigation of a court-martial, said officers
having, to the best of their judgment and under-
standing, complied with the instructions of the Navy
Department, and received its approval,
5. That no legislation is required on the part of
Congress growing out of the facts stated in this record
and the correspondence now on file in the State and
Navy Departments.
6. That this committee he discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. ORTH. I will withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
fourteen, noes not counted.
So the substitute was disagreed to. j
The question thenrecurredontheresolutions i
as reported from the committee, asamended.
Mr. BURR. Is it in order to ask for a
division of the vote on the resolutions ? If so,
I ask for a division of the vote.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to ask for a
division of the vote on the resolutions reported
from the committee, but not on those which the
House has adopted as amended.
Mr. ORTH. Let the gentleman indicate the
resolution on which he desires a separate vote.
Mr. BURR. I want a separate vote on the
first resolution of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to move a reconsid-
eration of the previous question, in order to
take the sense of the House on the last reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion to reconsider, the previous
question having been partly executed.
The question first recurred on the first reso-
lution of the committee, as follows :
Resolved, That Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, in
neglecting to aid Mr. Washburn intrenching the
Government to which he was accredited, failed to
discharge his duty as commander of the South
Atlantic squadron.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
89, no'es 37.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BURR. I do not ask for any farther
separate vote.
The question then recurred on the remain-
ing resolutions of the committee, as amended.
Mr. AMBLER demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided, and there were—ayes 22,
nays 92 ; not one fifth of those present voting
in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolutions of the committee, as amend-
ed, were then adopted.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions, as amended,_ were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
to-morrow's session fob debate.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I objected a
few minutes since to setting apart to-morrow
for debate. I learn from various quarters of
the House that there are many gentlemen
anxious to have to-morrow for debate. I think,
on the whole, we will be disposed to address
ourselves more to business nest week, and
that time will not really be lost in giving up
to-morrow for the purpose of" debate, and I
therefore withdraw my objection^
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
House meeting to-morrow as in Committee of
the Whole for general debate only, no business
whatever to be transacted?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I shall move
to adjourn over to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. We have been
cut out of the morning hour^to-day for the call
of committees for private bills. There are a
great many private claims before Congress,
many of them of a meritorious character, and
I think we ought not to be denied the morning
■hour to-morrow for the purpose of receiving
reports from committees, lhat is the only
reason why I make objection. Let it be agreed I
that after the morning hour the rest of the day j
shall be devoted to general debate. i
Mr. DAWES. I think public should have i
precedence over private business, and if the j
House works to-morrow I shall insist it shall j
be on the public business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
seventy-six, noes not eountcd.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I withdraw
my objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I withdraw my
motion to adjourn over.
Then, by unanimous consent, it was agreed
that the House should sit to-morrow as in
Committee of the Whole, for debate only, no
business whatever to be transacted.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, MONTGOMERY, ALABAMA.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported back Senate bill
No. 731, to provide for a building for the use
of the post office, the land office, the revenue
officers, and the judicial officers of the United
Stales in the city of Montgomery, Alabama;
and moved that the same be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSOLIDATION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. VAN HORN, by unanimous consent,
reported back, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, the bill (H. II. No. 290) to provide for
the consolidation of the Indian tribes and to
organize a system of government in the Indian
territory; and moved that the bill be printed
and recommitted to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS FOR SOLDIERS, SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on thePublic Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law that every officer, soldier, or sailor
who served ninety days in the Army, Navy, or Ma-
rine corps, in the war for the Union, and was honor-
ably discharged, shall receive one hundred and sixty
acres of public land as a homestead, subject to the
following condition in his favor, to wit, that the
actual term of service of each shall apply as settle-
ment, and shall be counted as apart of the five years
required by the homestead act of 1S62.
paraguayan resolutions.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, requested to publish in general orders,
for the information of the Navy, the resolutions of
censure passed this day in relation to Kear Admirals
Gordon and Davis.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT PRESQUE ISLE.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That in view of the rapidly growing
commerce at the port of iiric, State of Pennsyl-
vania, and the increased facilities needed by the
shipping interests of the Northwest, the Commit-
tee on Commerce be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a light-house on the
western extremity of Presquc Isle, in the harbor of
Erie, and repoat by bill or otherwise.
liEMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (IT. R. No. 2628) to relieve certain
citizens of Mississippi therein named from
legal and political disabilities ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
select Committee on Reconstruction.
11EC0NSIDERATI0N OF REFERENCES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that all ref-
erences of bills, resolutions, &c., made to-day
be reconsidered, and that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn. ,
LEAVE 01? ABSENCE.
Pending the' motion to adjourn,
Mr. AYER, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave of absence for one week, on account of
sickness in his family.
Mr. STRADER, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence until the 17th of
January.
Mr. MOORE, of Ohio, by unanimous eon-
sent, obtained leave of absence until Wednes-
day next.
Mr. MILNES, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence, on account
of the sickness of his wife.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for one day.
withdrawal OF papers.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
leave was given to withdraw the papers in the
case of James Crutchett, from the Committee
of Claims.
business of to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The House will meet to-
morrow as in Committee of the Whole, for
debate only; no business to be transacted.
Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota, will take the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
The motion of Mr. Kelsey was agreed to;
and thereupon (at four o'clock and five min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas : The petition of
Pierce & Terry, Strickland & Co., and other
merchants of Galveston, Texas, in regard to
the manufacture of envelopes.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of
Eunice Sweet, mother of Albert Sweet, de-
ceased, late a private in company F, forty-
ninth regiment Ohio volunteers, for arrears
of pension.
Also, the petition of William S. Russell,
guardian of Melissa J. Risley, only minor sis-
ter of Charles Risley, deceased, late a private
in company G, one hundred and sixty-ninth
Ohio volunteer infantry, asking that a pension
be granted to said minor.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The petition and
documents relating to claim of C. J. J. Leo-
pold, for depredations committed by the Kaw
Indians in 1853.
By Mr. JUDD: The remonstrance of An-
toinette T. Curtenius and 1,499 others, women
of Illinois, protesting against woman suf-
frage.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 95 citi-
zens of Missouri, praying protection as settlers
on the public lands against the claims of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
By Mr. KELSEY: A petition of gaugers
of the thirty-second district of New York, for
payment of fees that accrued in the month of
March, 1870.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial ofWil-
kins & May, Henry J. King, W. W. Kings-
bury, and other citizens of Newark, Ohio,
praying Congress to prohibit the Post Office
Department from doing the business of sta
tioners.
By Mr. NIBLACK. The memorial of John
Burke, late first lieutenant company F, seventy-
third Ohio volunteers, praying for arrears of
and three months' extra pay.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition
and accompanying papers of John Hart, late
second lieutenant thirty-third_ Indiana volun-
teers, praying to be allowed his pay as second
lieutenant from the date of his commission to
the date of his muster, he having been apris-
oner of war in the mean time.
