1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not in punishment for
crime?
Mr. CARPENTER. Punishment for crime
of which a man has been convicted, yes; pun-
ishment for crime of which he has not been
convicted, for which he has not even been in-
dicted, and about the existence of which nobody
knows anything except what somebody gays
not on oath, no. The ability to take the iron-
clad oath does not go to the .question of Mr.
Miller's or to his eligibility. What is the effect
of this proclamation upon the right which Mr.
Miller now for the first time claims in this Sen-
ate? He did not come here in 1865, 1866, or
1867, but he comes here in 1871 and demands
a seat. He has received the votes of a Legis-
lature authorized to send him here. Why
cannot he take his seat? Because you say
to him, "An act of Congress is to-day in force,
and in force as to you, in force against you
in your capacity as Senator-elect, which com-
pels you to take this oath," and he cannot
take it. Now, I say that the effect of that
pardon is precisely the same to day as though
it had passed before his election. Had Miller
been ineligible at the time of bis election, that
■would have presented a different question.
But he was not ineligible, because he was not
required to take this oath when he was elected,
but only when he comes to take his seat.
Coming here to-day for that purpose, the Vice
President says to him, " You must, before
assuming your seat in this body, subscribe a
certain oath.'' To this he says that before com-
ing here, to wit, in December, 1868, the Presi-
dent pardoned, him of the crime of treason,
that the effect of this pardon was to wash away
all stain of guilt and remove all disability.
Therefore he cannot now be required to take
this oath. Is it not manifest that it is wholly
immaterial whether he was pardoned before
or after his election, so that he was pardoned
before he came to a point where this oath
could be tendered to him? The act in ques-
tion never applied to him until to-day, when
he comes here claiming his seat, and before
this day the President's pardon has exoner-
ated him from the necessity of taking sueh an
oath.
I think it is too plain to be debated that
Congress can neither add to nor take from the
qualifications which make up the eligibility of
a Senator. If itcan do so, it may impose sueh
new qualifications as it pleases; for example,
we may provide that no man shall hereafter
be eligible to the office of Senator unless he
has for ten years last past been identified with
the Republican party.
If Congress may now prescribe qualifica-
tions, then it may prescribe just such as it
pleases. No, sir; this may not be done. This
was not done nor attempted to be done by the
act of July 2, 1862, prescribing this oath.
That act did not declare that the candidate
before he should be elected should take the
oath mentioned. It provided that he should
do so on applying for his seat. And if, for
any reason, either the repeal of the act or a
pardon by the President, he be in the mean
time, that is between his election and his
claiming his seat, relieved from the necessity
of taking the oath, then he may take his seat
without taking the oath.
Mr. President, my confidence in the per-
petuity of our free institutions, my faith that
the little ones that now clamber up my knee
will enjoy liberty and transmit it to their pos-
terity, rests not in my confidence in the purity
of our politics, but in my reliance upon the
Constitution which our fathers bequeathed to
us. This Constitution may now and then cross
our wishes and curb our will. But our only
hope of the future depends upon an honest
observance of all its restraints and all its
limitations. While all parties observe and
obey the Constitution, all are safe; when par-
tisan fury shall break down its barriers, then
liberty is lost forever.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President., it is only with
a view of correcting some misapprehensions
which I have noticed during this debate in re-
lation to the facts connected with the election
of Dr. Miller that I propose to say a few words.
I know that honorable Senators would not base
arguments upon an erroneous statement of
facts, would not assume a fact to exist when
in reality it may not be exactly so, if they did
not think there was some reason for believing
the fact to be as they state it.
Up to the 28th day of July, 1868, I am not
aware, though I was about the seat of govern-
ment of the State of Georgia a good deal, that
Dr. Miller was regarded by anybody as a very
probable candidate for Senator of the United
States. Men were casting about, I know, for
candidates. It was known that I was a candi-
date, for I had announced it some time before ;
but I never heard his name in connection with
the office. And in this connection I may be
allowed to state that, though I have known
him well for thirty-five years—I live a good
distance from him, however—and he has been
a man of some prominence for a great while
in Georgia, I did not know that he was a sur-
geon in the confederate army. It is my honest
opinion that I did riot know it until he, per-
haps, told me so about the time of his own
election. He was no commissioned officer.
If it ever transpired in any way so as to come
to my knowledge that Dr. Miller was a con-
federate surgeon it has escaped my recollec-
tion ; and I was somewhat prominent in the
affairs of Georgia, though not at that particu-
lar time or during the war.
The point I make by saying this is that that
Legislature, composed of over two hundred
individuals, scattered all over the State of
Georgia, many of them very obscure men, a
very considerable number of them being per-
sona who had been held in slavery before, had
certainly no better opportunities of knowing
the statiis of Dr. Miller than I myself had; and
I state here to the Senate that I know that he
was elected not because the Democratic party
in that Legislature preferred him to other dis-
tinguished gentlemen in the party who were
named, but he was chosen because he had
been a member of the State convention not
obnoxious to the fourteenth amendment, rec-
ognized by all men of intelligence in the State
as one of the foremost members of that body,
and one of the most valuable men in it in
framing the State constitution, perhaps sec-
ond to no man there; I think second to none,
unless it may be the Attorney General of the
United States, who was chairman of the com-
mittee to which Dr. Miller belonged.
These are the facts: there were generals
in the confederate service whose names were
talked of in connection with the Senatorship,
and they were much more popular with the
mass of the Democratic party than Dr. Miller,
because they had much more prominence.
Two of them occur to my mind. There was
General Benning, who had won laurels in the
war, and who was formerly chief justice of
the supreme court of the State; and there was
General Warford, a very gallant man, who
had filled a station in the State Legislature.
Their names were adverted to, and Miller's
was not for a considerable length of time;
and I undertake to say that the Legislature,
when it determined to elect him elected him
because they thought there would be no objec-
tion to his admission to this body.
It may be a matter of information to the
Senate to be informed that among the persons
who supported him when he was elected was
one of the Republican members of the other
House who will take his seat on the 4th day of
March, and one of the colored members of the
Legislature who is now, I believe, one of the
citizens of Washington, who was then a resi-
dent in Georgia. At that time Dr. Miller had
no imminence, particularly in politics, nor
had he sought any until he was prevailed upon
by the friends of reconstruction in Fulion
county, and the district in which Fulton county
lay, embracing three counties I think, to run
for the convention.
These are facts of some materiality. It will
not do to assume that the Legislature defiantly
elected him because they knew that he had
performed service as a surgeon in the confed- .
erate army. I did not know it. There were
sixty-odd regiments, nearly seventy, I think,
that went from Georgia to the confederate
service, and Dr. Miller, who bad been distin-
guished in his profession, long distinguished
as one of the professors of the medical college
of the State, certainly could gain no new dis-
tinction by going into the service as a regi-
mental or brigade surgeon. In which capacity
he went I do not know even to this hour. I
believe it was as regimental surgeon. Whether
he rose above that rank I do not know. But I
repeat that he was elected because he was
thought to be the least obnoxious of the num-
ber of prominent gentlemen who were regarded
with favor among the Democratic party at the
time. Nor was his popularity limited to that
party, for he could not have been elected if
that had been the case. The Republicans had.
on that occasion a majority in both houses of
the Legislature, and it was impossible for him
to have been chosen without Republican aid.
He received quite a number of Republican
votes, and was elected for the reason that I
have given.
While I am on this subject I hope I shall
be pardoned for making some personal refer-
ence to myself, and it shall be very brief. It
sounds strangely to my ears to hear myself
classed among disloyal men. I never thought
I was disloyal to the Government of the United
States. It never occurred to me when I re-
fused to concur with the two Senators who, in
1861, sat in this Chamber, and the seven Rep-
resentatives who were then associated with me
in the other end of the Capitol, in withdraw-
ing from the councils of the country to go into
rebellion, that that made me disloyal. It never
occurred to me that because I refused to recog-
nize in any manner the confederate States gov-
ernment, to recognize it as my government, or
to vote for any officer under it, I was disloyal
for that; and I take occasion to say, in justice
to myself, that I was relieved of political dis-
abilities by this body and by the other House
without my knowledge at the time. My name
was presented here by friends. I never knew
who did it. It may have been wisely done,
because my position was almost identical with
that of Mr. Thomas of Maryland. If I ever did
more than Thomas did I am not aware of it.
I make no idle or vain boast of this; but it
i3 an act of simple justice to myself. I know
it will be news to those who are dear to me in
Georgia and elsewhere, and to the people of
my State who have looked to me through storm
and sunshine as one of the foremost among the
lovers of this Union, to hear that I was ever
regarded as disloyal.
But, sir, the question may be asked, why did
I not insist when I came here upon taking the
test-oath, so called? I answer, for the reason
that it might have led to an inquisition. I
was entitled to take the oath which I did take.
Persons might have wanted to inquire into
everything 1 did ; and looking to Mr. Thomas's
ease, while I did not believe that I was disloyal,
I must admit to-day that I did do acts of kind-
ness for my own children who were in the
confederate service; but never, never for the
purpose of aiding the rebellion. That thought
was never entertained by me for one moment
in all my life. So much for that.
I do not seek by these remarks to draw any
distinction between my honored and esteemed
colleague and myself. I claim for him that
he opposed secession in the State of Georgia,
and was so recognized, and that when the
battle and the storm were passed he was
among the first to accept the olive branch
that was tendered the people of the State by
this Government and to aid myself and others
in the work of reconstruction. He was entitled
