350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
and carried it to the city of Little Rock, say-
ing they had captured it; and truly had they
captured it! And when they got there with it
there was more of it than they could hide,
I suppose, and they went to work and adver-
tised it in the papers and offered it for sale
in Little Rock. When the owners of the prop-
erty were there demanding their property back
again it was said they were Ituklux and bad
men. I said, "Why do you not arrest them,
then, if they have been in insurrection against
the State, and try them for their offenses?"
But the truth was, they had committed no
offense. Some good man proposed at this
juncture, the Legislature being in session, to
stay the process of sale until they could de-
termine the rights of this property and where
it should belong. But no, sir; that bill was
voted down; the property was sold in the
streets of Little Rock, and of the proceeds
half a million almost went into the pockets
of high officers in the State of Arkansas.
I have said nothing about the murders and
other outrages perpetrated by this militia, and
having the sanction of Governor Clayton him-
self; I only allude to this to show why the
people of the State might well be alarmed
when they heard the tread of this terrible force
again in their midst.
Now, sir, what wa3 the result? The Re-
publican party in the State of Arkansas was
divided, and the "Brindle-tail party," as it is
called, headed by Senators Rice and McDon-
ald, went off and opposed Governor Clayton's
usurpations of power, and from that day to
this he has hounded them from one end of the
State to the other, till now he has his foot
upon their necks. These facts are susceptible
of proof; I do not make them at random. I
make them upon my responsibility as a man
and a Representative of a portion of the people
of this country, and I am responsible for what
I say.
In the portion of the State where I was
during the canvass this militia force was organ-
ized. I saw the officers and men. 1 asked
why this was so? The Governor himself did
not pretend to say there was any trouble in the
State. The people were obedient to the laws.
Why, then, was the militia called out? Sir,
it was for the purpose of overawing the people
and keeping them, not from resisting the laws,
but in persisting in exercising the right of the
ballot, a right which the Constitution of the
couutry gives them. The truth of the matter is
that Governor Clayton wants to come to the
United States Senate. The Lieutenant Gov-
ernor of the State, Mr. Johnson, is a Repub-
lican ; was a soldier in tho recent war, a clever
man, known to many members on this floor.
He was elected at the same time Governor
Clayton was elected, and he still remains in
the Republican party, but belongs to the
"Brindletail" wing of that party. He is not
in harmony with the Governor, and must there-
fore be got out of the way, so that the Legisla-
ture, which Governor Clayton has got together
through his registrars, shall elect the Gov-
ernor's successor, who will, two years from
now, perform the same part that the Governor
has performed, and thus put into the senatorial
chair now occupied by Senator Rice somebody
else than Senator Rice.
How did they set about securing this end?
Why they sued out iff some shape a quo war-
ranto againstthe Lieutenant Governor. He
had been serving his term, and had got through
with the first Legislature, and up to that time
all went well. But as soon as Governor Clay-
ton conceiyed the idea of going to the United
States Senate they sued out this quo warranto
againstthe Lieutenant Governor, and he has
been tied up ever since. Now, what was the
quo warranto about? Why, it was because he
did not qualify within the days prescribed by
tho constitution. They could find nothing else
against him, and they made that the pretext,
and they have had him tied up, as I have said,
ever since, and will depose him, and then they
will elect some man to rule that State as Clay-
ton has ruled it, for two years more, who will
bring up a Legislature in his interest, so that
Governor Clayton may have an unbroken del-
egation here to act with him in the Congress
of the United States.
Now, sir, I need not attempt to show in
detail how all this has been accomplished.
You can readily see how the thing was done.
There are some districts where by no possi-
bility could the opposition majority have been
registered out, and in those districts the Gov-
ernor made favor as far as he could with the
Democrats, by giving them a full registration,
so that in case he did not have a positive
majority in the Legislature, and the Demo-
crats should hold the balance of power as be-
tween him and the other branch of his party,
the Democrats would vote for him. That is
the way it was done, and that was the reason,
I think, why he did it. Thus every principle
of right was trampled under foot, and the
elective franchise counted as nothing. And
this was done by a man who had taken an
oath of office that the laws should be faith-
fully executed. The people of the State only
demand that the laws shall be faithfully exe-
cuted. I know that in my canvass from one
end of my district to the other I simply asked
that the laws which the people themselves had
made should be executed m good faith ; but
that was not done.
Mr. McCORMICIv, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman if the constitution of Arkan-
sas does not disfranchise the citizens of that
State who refused to vote for, or to use their
influence in favor of, the adoption of the con-
stitution of the State?
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman is right.
There is a section in the registration act which
I will now read. It is as follows:
"Sec. 11. That no person shall bo registered who
during; tho late rebellion took the oath of allegiance
to the United States, or gave bond of loyalty, or for
good behavior, unless he shall show by sn tisfactory
evidence that he has ever kept this said oath or bond
inviolate, or that he has openly advocated or voted
for the reconstruction measures of Congress, or voted
for the constitution at the civil polls at the constitu-
tional election of 1868."
Now, sir, I will allude to one other thing.
The registration law provides, as shown by the
letter which I had read, that the judges may
keep the voters from the polls, so that they
shall only approach the polls one at a time. I
suppose the reason for that was that they may
stuff the ballot-boxes at pleasure. But, sir^as
I have said before, bad as the constitution and
the laws of the State are, yet, if they were prop-
erly executed, the people of the Slate would
not complain, because through those laws and
the means provided they could get this man
out of the gubernatorial chair,' and somebody
|j else in it.
ii Now, it may be said, and it has been said to
| me, "If the people of your State are opposed
!j to this rule, why do they not overthrow it?"
j Sir, if you will tell me how they are to do it,
:j with the appliances I have mentioned, I will
j be very much obliged to you indeed. If you
j will tell me how, under such a rule as this, the
ij people are to escape from the hands of their
j tyrants, you will do me a favor, as well as the
;| people of my State. Unless these laws are
repealed—and the present Legislature being in
I the interest of Governor Clayton, of course it
j will not repeal these laws—how are we to get
'> relief from the hands of this man who would
j' throttle the people of the State? I see 110 way
li by which we can escape. Whether this House
is competent to legislate and take action upon
this subject is a question not for me.
I introduced some resolutions the other day,
making no charges except in an indirect way.
They were objected to; perhaps the gentleman
objecting did not understand the nature of the
case. He said he would like to have me make
some of the charges which I had intimated
in my resolutions against this official. That
ij gentleman is here to-day, and has heard the
il charges I have made; and I hope that,gallant
soldier as he is, he will come up here in defense
of the people of the country against lawless-
ness, violence, and misrule.
I will remark that what I have said of Gov-
ernor Clayton has been said not in anger, but
in sorrow. He was my friend for years. He
came to my place, the first Federal soldier who
bore aloft the flag of my country to my home
during the dark days of our recent struggle.
He was a gallant officer and behaved himself
well, and our people respected him highly.
But in an evil moment power has addled his
brain, and he has become crazed, as it were;
and now, instead of the Clayton I knew in
other days, he has become simply a tyrant and
a monster. Ay, sir, it was he who, with his
little band of some five or six hundred men,
on the 25th of October, 1863, drove back and
repelled an army of four thousand at the city
of Pine Bluff, where I live, which gave to him
the rank of brigadier general, which he now
bears, and which I had the pleasure of assist-
ing to procure for him. But, however high
in rank this man may have been, however-
brave and gallant, however honorable form-
erly, he has now fallen below what the people
of the country had a right to expect of him ;
and I ask this House, and I ask the country,
to take notice of these charges, and if there is
a way by which we can escape I hope the way
will be pointed out.
I myself scarcely knew what course to take
in reference to this matter, except to introduce
some resolutions asking the Judiciary Com-
mittee to make an investigation into the polit-
ical condition of the State of Arkansas, to re-
port the fa;ct,s to this House, and to report a
bill, if in their opinion any legislative action
was necessary, to better secure the rights of the
people of that State under the constitution and
laws of the State of Arkansas and of the Uni-
ted States. I had an idea, as the enforcement
act had been passed at the last session, em-
bodying very many good provisions as it does,
that when these wrongs were pointed out to
Judge Bixgham, the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio at the head of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, he might suggest some remedy for those
wrongs by some bill which he might present
to tHis House. That was one consideration
which I had in view in presenting those resolu -
tions.
Another was that the country might know
something of the political history of that State,
something which a great many men seem to
know very little about. Why, sir, it has been
said to me hero, "You have no disfranchising
clauses in your constitution." Of course they
did not know but such was the fact. They did
not know the immense power of the Governor.
I have stated to you briefly some of his pow-
ers, and some of his acts and doings. I hope
you will hereafter understand it. As I have
said, every officer in tho State, from supreme
judge down to constable, is appointed by the
Governor, who also has power to remove them
at will. .
Let me state a fact within my own knowl-
edge. A constable in my town got tired of
his office and sold it for $-500, in the Streets of
the town where I live. The man continued to
act as the constable for a time. The fellow
who sold out the office got tired of his bargain,
went to law, and turned out the man to whom
he had sold the office. Then Governor Clay-
ton appointed to the office the very same man
who had sold out the position.
Yet we talk about the supremacy of law,
the prevalence of free government, represent-
ing the will of the people. It is because I love
a government of the people, because I am
closely attached to the principles of our rev-
olutionary fathers, that 1 feel upon this subject
as X do. When the rights of my race, my
rights under the Constitution and laws of the
country, are attacked, I must fight for their
preservation. Old its I am, there is nothing
that would so quickly induce me to shoulder
my musket as the defense of the rights and
