1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
liberties of my countrymen liere and elsewhere
when assailed in this way. I do not intend to
be a slave while I live—never, sir, never!
The lessons of those glorious old fathers are
too fresh in my mind for me to lick the rod
of a tyrant. I care not how high may be a
man's position, I care not whether heprofesses
to be a Democrat or a Republican, whenever
he tramples upon law, I say he should be pun-
ished, and punished severely for his wrong-
doing.
One word as to the position of political par-
ties in that State. The question there is not
one between Republicanism and Democracy ;
it is simply whether a certain set of men shall
hold all the offices in the State. Everything
is subordinate to that. If a prominent Repub-
lican, like my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washbtjrx,] who objected to my resolution
on this subject, should go there to-day and
offer himself as a candidate against one of
these men now in power he would be called a
Democrat or a Copperhead; he would be put
outside the party, and would have 110 more
chance for obtaining official position than the
most ignorant negro of the country, unable to
read a letter of the alphabet. I mean to say
that this would be the case in many districts.
If the Governor chose to exercise this power
against any man he would do it whether the
district was Democratic or Republican, as is
shown by what he has already done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what shall be done 1
The question for statesmen is, what can be
done ? An humble member of this body, with
almost no experience in legislation, I scarcely
know in what direction we shall go for relief,
unless we adopt some such measure as I have
proposed. Is anything to be done for our
relief, or shall we be left there at the mercy of
these men? That is the question for this
House to determine. I hope the question will
be met and decided, and that we shall have
secured to us agovernment republican in form
and in fact, so that every man to whom the
Constitution guaranties the right to vote shall
actually enjoy that right.
I ask gentlemen not to allow party feeling
to influence them in a matter of this kind. I
know that in a country like ours party feel-
ing must govern very largely. I myself feel,
more or less, the influence of party at times;
but when there is presented a question involv-
ing the rights of the people under the Con-
stitution and laws of the country party feel-
ing should, it seems to me, be laid aside; we
should come up as one man to the help of
those in distress.
One word more. Soon, very soon, the time
will come when I shall leave this Hall, never
to enter it again. Time and again during the
recent canvass I declared that I never intended
to be again a candidate for any official position.
I have never been an office- seeker. I have never
desired office. The place I now occupy was
tendered to me without solicitation on my part.
I was pressed to accept it. Hence, I have no
party purposes to subserve, no personal or
selfish interest to promote. I beg gentlemen
to hear me, not for my sake, but for the sake
of the cause for which I plead ; the cause of
suffering humanity, the cause of an outraged
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
TUB IIEATII13N CIIIXESK.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, on the 11th
day of last July I had the honor to offer the
following resolution, which was read, ordered
to be printed in the Globe, and was referred
to the Committee on Poieign Affairs, where it
still remains:
!)c it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, That a committee of two on the part of the
Senate and five on the part of the House be appointed,
whose duty it shall be to inquire into the danger
threatening our country from Chinese immigration,
and to report proper means for guarding against or
averting the same; also, to suggest whether specific
legislation, a change of the Constitution, limitation
of the time of sojourn or the numbers of the Chinese
arriving in tho United States, permitting each btate
of the Union to prohibit the residence of Chineso
within its limits, or to place such restrictions there-
upon as it may think proper, or whether total exclu-
sion of the Chinese from the States and Territories
of the Union, excepting as travelers and merchants,
will be best for the laboring and producing classes.
In approaching the questions of Chinese
immigration and Chinese importation as labor-
ers it becomes us to look at the subjects with
all the seriousness possible. The questions
with us are comparatively new, and the evils
which must inevitably follow are not yet so
apparent as a very few years will make them.
WHO AKE THE CHINESE?
To fully answer this question would require
a book three times as large as the Bible, if not
larger. It is only important in the short space
allowed me under the rules to allude briefly to
them and to this point; indeed, nothing more
is possible.
The Chinese empire is the most populous on
earth, comprising about one third of the whole
human race. Its extent is 5,400,000 square
miles, while that of the United States is but
3,280,572 square miles.
The history of China represents the early
inhabitants of the country as divided into num-
berless savage tribes. They had numerous
struggles with the Tartars, Thibetans, and
Coreans. In 1G44 China was conquered by the
Manchoos, or Tartars, and the reigning family
have since been of that stock. Many of the
leading officers are of Tartar blood. Though
Tartars and Chinese are of different natures
and races, yet, both belonging to the Mongols,
they bear a general resemblance, and the two
nations have assimilated under the same Gov-
ernment.
China, in its history, its institutions, and its
people, differs from all other peoples or na-
tions. Its institutions are of immemorial date.
It is doubtless the oldest nation on earth. It
has survived those changes which have affected
and at last destroyed every other distinguished
nation of ancient history. Assyria, Babylonia,
Egypt, Greece, and Rome—Hindostan alone
excepted, to which I shall presently allude.
The present European nations are but a peo-
ple as of yesterday, compared with the Chi-
nese in duration. Although at a period as
early as the date of Thebes, in Egypt, the Chi-
nese had a settled form of government, what
are they now but a poor, miserable, dwarfish
race of inferior beings, physically and men-
tally, and pagans at that? Klaproth, a Euro-
pean historian, seems to think the original col-
onists of China came from the mountains of
Kuenlun, and completely subjugated a people
they found there, a few of whom still linger
in the western mountains of China, who re-
semble the Thibetans. The Chinese never
were warriors, but always were murderers and
robbers. A low cunning and a base treachery
mark their character ; and cruelty, where it
can be practiced upon victims unable to protect
themselves, stamps their depraved nature. A
disregard for truth is no disgrace among Chi-
namen ; it is a part of their nature to lie, and
theft is in-born.
AS TO THE CHIXESE RELIGION',
it should not bo called religion, but it passes
for that with the Chinese. A few general re-
marks will be sufficient. The imperial joss or
chief idol is the most revered in China; it is
designated Tien-tan, or Eminence of Heaven.
It is called the " Imperial," being the one to
which the emperor and chief grandees offer
their sacrifices. The middle and lower classes
worship the joss of secondary importance. His
name is Tee-tan, or Eminence of the Earth.
The idols are very numerous in the joss houses
and very curiously designed, and some of them
are fifty, sixty, and even eighty feet high. One
is a goddess of the class Poosa, which means
plant-helping. But she is not always repre-
sented in the same form. Sometimes she has
four heads and forty or fifty arms ; sometimes
each of these arms support a number of smaller
arms, while each head is crowned with a group
of smaller heads. One of these images is
ninety feet high; but the temples are occupied
by images of a less gigantic figure than this
one. One of the goddesses has eight arms and
is seated in a chariot drawn by seven_ black
hogs. There are divinities of all possible
shapes, and so numerous that one pagoda, on
the lake See-hoo, contains five hundred of
them within its walls. A good idea of their
religion may be obtained from a conversation
held by Dr. Abeel with a Chinaman who was
said to be intelligent :
" Question. AVhen you are very ill what do you
do?-
" Answer. We pray to Buddha for recovery.
" Question. "When you find yourself fast failing and
most likely to die, what do you do then?
"Answer. We vow to Buddha to burn quantities
of gold paper if he will restore us.
" Question. When you are eertayi than you cannot
recover, what then?
"Answer. Why, then, there is nothing more to be
done.
" Question. Do you never pray after the convic-
tion takes possession of your mind that you must
die?
" Answer. No; then there is nothing to pray for."
The Government of China and the whole
framework of its institutions are fashioned on
the patriarchal idea and on the precepts of
the philosophers and sages. The teachings of
the most eminent of these, the famous Con-
fucius, or Con-foo-tsee, underlie to this day
the fundamental law of the empire. They are
based, for the most part, on common sense and
on the unaided natural moral sense of man ;
for he and his followers and his commentators
have left in doubt whether they even believed
in a future life. It is well known that the
most prominent literati have been and are
mere atheists. To-3ay, as in the past, these
literati, be it remembered, are the men in
power, possessed both of the means to enforce
their views and to mold the minds of the
community; and they take good care to do so.
Most urgently Confucius enjoined, as chief
of all virtues, implicit obedience to parents
and reverence for ancestors; precepts which
ages before, no doubt, had been the corner-
stone of the social structure, but to which he
gave a fresh impetus.
In regard to the worship of ancestors I beg
to quote from Rev. Dr. Williamson's book,
very recently published in London, entitled
"Journeys in North China, Manchooria, and
Eastern Mongolia," whither he went to dis-
tribute tracts and the Bible and Testament in
the native dialect of the people:
" Their system of ancestral worship, though affect-
ing the people m a different way from the former,
(alluding to the veneration of the emperor, whom
they call by different names, as ' the solitary prince,'
4 the man who stands by himself,' 'wisdom's glory/
'the son of heaven,' 'the holy son of heaven,'&c„)
is no less a tremendous barrier to true progress.
' What r says Davis, in his work on China, 4 it is only
a harmless, if not a meritorious, respect for the dead."
"Ancestral worship!" says Fortune, in his
Tea Districts of China, "a considerable por-
tion of it springs from a purer and higher
source than mere matter of form, and the
Chinese indulge the pleasing reflection that
when they themselves are in their graves they
will not be neglected or forgotten." "An-
cestral worship," shouts a whole chorus of
journalists, "is a praiseworthy institution,
indicative ofnoble feelings." They know little
about it. In the first place, it is, though a
plausible, a most unequivocal form of idolatry,
not in the letter, for there are no idols used in
this worship, but in the spirit. They meet,
salute, worship, and escort away the spirits of
their ancestors in the most profoundly religious
way of which their nature is capable. It is
the most thoughtful, collected, and reverential
act of their lives. Now, this practice runs
right in the teeth of the first commandment m
the Decalogue, therefore, in its present form,
cannot be allowed in professing Christians.
But further, it involves an untruth of the most
serious and far-reaching character, namely,
that the spirits of the dead are at liberty to visit
their posterity; and it is also a proposition in
mockery of common sense, namely, that the
