1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
before the committee in that connection. I
do not know now. I did not know to whom
I was indebted. I do not complain of it. It
is very probable that if it had not been done
I should not be in my seat to-day; and I say
so with the case of Thomas before me. Of
course, therefore, I have no right to complain.
Still I say I did not know of it at the time it
was done, and that was all I have said. Mr.
Thomas did not believe that he was a disloyal
man; I did not think I was. That is my judg-
ment of myself; but the Senate might have
taken a different,judgment.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator if he does not think the Senate would
have taken a different judgment on that letter
which he wrote?
Mr. HILL. Unexplained, I think it would.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada insist on the letter being
read?
Mr. STEWART. No, I will not ask to
have it read. I simply desired to say enough
to justify our action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the engrossment and third reading of the
joint resolution, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I did not
intend when this discussion began to say one
word about it; but I think that the question
that is to be really decided by the Senate
in this case ought to be eliminated from the
discussion which would seem to put it upon
other points that are not really in the case.
The question is this—and I must say that my
friend from Wisconsin, in my opinion, did not
meet it at all; it cannot be met by a jest—
was Dr. Miller at the time of his election
eligible; and if he was not eligible, was not
his election void; and if his election was void
at that time, can we do anything now which
can relate back and make it valid ? That is
the point. If his election was void at the
time from any cause, we cannot do anything
subsequently that will relate back and make
it valid. The pardon that the Senator from
Wisconsin dwells upon with so much force was
issued nearly six months after the election.
If the election was void, a subsequent pardon
could not make it good. If the election was
void, the Legislature of Georgia had a right
the very next day to elect somebody else, and
the subsequent pardon of Dr. Miller would not
have made the first election valid. There is
the point; and it is an important question for
the Senate to decide.
Mr. President, I think some errors have
been committed by Congress 011 that very sub-
ject, where men have been elected who were
not competent to be elected, ineligible, and
afterward begged Congress to remove their
disabilities, and it has been done. The ques-
tion perhaps was not properly made, but it is
made now. If Dr. Miller was not competent
to be elected his election was a nullity, and
we can do nothing now to restore him. If the
test-oath act was entirely repealed, if the act
of July 17, 1862, had been repealed a year
ago, that would not affect the question. The
true question is, was Dr. Miller eligible at the
time of his election, and if he was not, then
that election was a nullity ; and that is the
whole of it. The Senator from Wisconsin has
in effect argued that the subsequent pardon
will relate back and make an election valid
that was a nullity six months before.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 desire to correct my
friend. I have argued no such thing. I do
not claim any such thing.
Mr. MORTON. I certainly understood the
Senator to say—perhaps I was mistaken—that
that pardon granted six months afterward was
in effect as if granted before. Am I wrong
about that?
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me state, if the
Senator will allow me, what I did say. My
point about that pardon was that it did not
relate to the election, because he was not com-
pelled by that act to take the oath on the day
of election.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly not.
Mr. CARPENTER. He was only required
to take the oath when he came here to take
his seat. Now, if in any way before he came
to take his seat and was under obligation to
take the oath, by a constitutional exercise of
the pardoning power he was released from the
necessity of taking it, then he was not bound
to take it.
Mr. MORTON. Ah, that comes precisely
to the same thing now. The Senator's argu-
ment now is that if the disability was removed
when he came to take the oath it was the same
thing as if removed at the time of the election.
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not claim that.
I distinguished, as clearly as my feeble com-
mand of language would enable me to do,
between the eligibility of Dr. Miller on the
day of the election and the effect of this oath
on his taking his seat to-day. I do not put it
upon the ground of eligibility, and I- call the
Senator's attention again to what I did say:
that if that oath goes to the eligibility of the
man and fixes qualifications, it is unconstitu-
tional for that reason.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as I said a
little while ago, if the test-oath had been re-
pealed a year ago, if the act of July 17, 1862,
had been repealed a year ago, it would not at
all affect this question. For if Dr. Miller was
ineligible on the day of the election, the elec-
tion was a nullity, just as if it had never taken
place, and we cannot now make it good.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Let me ask him how
he voted on the resolution in regard to Mr.
Patterson, a Senator from Tennessee, that
resolution which passed the Senate ?
Mr. MORTON. I believe Mr. Patterson
was a member of this body when I came in.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I will not ask the
question.
Mr. NYE. We tried to save him from
taking an oath which we thought he could not
take; but he would not let us.
Mr. THURMAN. There were only two
votes in the negative on that resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I want to say one word in
regard to the effect of that pardon. I do not
give to it the effect given to it by the Senator
from Wisconsin, and I say that the legal mind
of this country never did. I say that Con-
gress, from the time that pardon was issued
up to this afternoon, has never given to it that
force. It is too late now for Congress to turn
and give the pardon the force claimed for it by
the Senator from Wisconsin. Congress would
stultify itself in so doing, because we have
decided constantly, from that time to this, that
the pardon had no such effect, and we should
not now change our position on that subject
unless there was some new ground for doing
it; and I think there is none.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me one remark
at that point. That being the real question,
it is a choice on the part of every Senator to-
day between the Constitution and stultifica-
tion. Now I am for the Constitution.
Mr. MORTON. Ah, Mr. President, we are
all for the Constitution! I remember the
Democratic party has been the particular friend
and advocate of the Constitution for mauy
years!
Mr. CARPENTER. That is to its praise,
if true.
Mr. MORTON. I am as much a friend of
the Constitution as my friend from Wiscon-
sin ; but that is no answer to the point I made.
My friend made another point; and when I
tried to ask him a question, meeting it, he
replied to me rather jestingly. He referred
to this provision of the Constitution to avoid
the force of the act of July 17, 1862:
"No person shallbe held to answer for aeapitalor
otherwise in£amous crime, unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, cxcoptin cases arising
in the land or naval forces."
How do you present that? Here is the act
of Jnly 17, 1862, declaring that any person
guilty of having participated in the rebellion
is disqualified from holding any office under •
the laws or Constitution of the United States.
Any person participating in a rebellion is dis-
qualified, rendered ineligible to hold any -office
under the Government of the United States.
That was subsequent to the passage of the test-
oath, entirely independent of the test-oath.
Yon might repeal the test-oath and still not
affect that statute.
The point I made to the Senator was that
if Dr. Miller was gui[ty of participating in
the rebellion—and it was confessed npon this
floor, we being the judges of the qualifications
of our own members; it stood confessed npon
this floor by the very bill that gantlemen were
attempting to pass—is he not disqualified, and
was it necessary that he should have been
indicted and convicted upon indictment? I
say no ; certainly not.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator at this point.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Constitution pro-
vides that no man shall be "deprived of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law." The Constitution provides that no man
shall be put on trial except 011 an indictment
found by agrand jury. Now, if these two pro-
visions do not secure me to-day from losing
my life without a trial, then Congress might
to-morrow pass an act that any man who is
guilty of murder might be hanged by the town
clerk of the town in which he lived, and if
he was questioned for hanging the man he
might prove in his defense that the man he
had hanged was guilty of murder; and that
should be his defense.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that my friend
misses the point entirely. No man shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law; but here is a disqualifica-
tion. What tribunal can try it? None but
this Senate, expressly provided by the Consti-
tution of the United States to try this or any
other question that goes to his eligibility to a
seat in this body. My friend laughs. Am I
not right about that? To be sure I am. No
other tribunal can try it. How could it come
up on indictment? How could it be tried by
a circuit court of the United States, or by any
State court? The Constitution says that this
body shall try the question of the eligibility
and qualification of its members; and if this
man is disqualified under the law there is no
tribunal but this that can try that question.
Can that be denied for a single moment? Ah!
but my friend says he has not been indicted,
and he reads this clause:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crimc unless on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury."
What is the meaning of that? Is there a
lawyer in this body that requires to be informed
as to the history of that provision? While
prosecutions may be instituted in France by
the proseeuting attorney, as we would call
him'; while a prosecution may be instituted
before a justice of the peace or before some
inferior court by simply filing an affidavit and
issuing a warrant, it is provided by the com-
mon law of England, adopted by our own
Constitution, that 110 man shall be put upon
trial for felony except upon presentment or
indictment. That question came up in my
own State years ago, in the formation of our
constitution. It was argued in the convention
that the grand-jury system was burdeusome
and expensive, and in many respects vicious,
and it was provided that prosecutions might
be put on foot without the intervention ot a
grand jury simply by filing an affidavit before
the prosecuting attorney and allowing him on
that to file a eomj>laint in the nature of an
indictment We tried that in regard to sume
