1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
classes of offenses. Now I believe we have
gotten over that entirely, and have gone back
to the old grand-jury system. This provision
of the national Constitution was. simply inr
tended to preserve t.o every man his light to
. be first presented by a grand jury before.he
should be put upon trial for his liberty or his
life; and that is the whole of it.
Mr. EDMltNDS. Will my friend from
Indiana .permit an interruption? ,
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
■ . .Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to the
Sepatpr, in precisely that connection, an argu-
ment that was put forth when this very oath
act .was .passed, and upon which I take it the
Senate acted. As it is so apposite to what he
is saying, that this is the body, under the Con-
stitution, in whom is reposed the duty and right
of deciding this very question, I think it fit to
interrupt hin^to read it. Said the gentleman in
charge of this act when it passed, in reply to
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis:]
" Now, as to the gentleman's legal authority, he
says it has been decided in the State of Kentucky
that the dueling oath, which was required by a legis-
lative act, was not binding. In one sense that may
be true. I have not the Kentucky constitution
before me. but I presume that the constitution of
Kentucky provides, as do most of the State consti-
tutions, the qualifications of members of the Ken-
tucky Legislature, and it confers upon each branch
of the Legislature authority to pass upon the qual-
ifications, election, and returns of itsown members.
That authority is exclusive: there is no appeal from
it, and although a law of Kentucky might declare,
and although the courts might decide that an act of
the Legislature which required a member of the
Kentucky Legislature to take the anti-dueling oath
was constitutional, it would be in the power of
either branch of the Kentucky Legislature arbitra-
rily to decido that they would not administer that
oath, and admit to the floor of either body a person
who refused to take it. But, sir, that law would be
enforced wherever the judicial tribunals could.be
brought to bear upon it.
"This precisequestion occurred in the State of New
York, and I had occasion to read the authority to
the Senate. It was decided first in the supreme
court of that State, and afterward taken to the
court of errors, where the decision was affirmed. The
question was not in regard to the oath, but it was in
regard to the qualifications. The law of tho State
of New York provides that persons convicted of a
certain offense should hold no office in that State.
The supremo court of the State decided that the law
was constitutional, and tho court of errors decided
that that law was constitutional; and in the argu-
ment the chancellor in arguing it stated, as I hero
to-day, that, notwithstanding their decision, the
senate of the State of New York would have the
arbitrary powerto admit the individual as a member
of their body. But the court said that in all cases
subject to judicial decision the decision of the court
would have to be respected."—Congressional Globe,
second session Thirty-Seventh Congress, pp. 2694, 2695.
That, Mr. President, was the ground upon
which the Senate passed this bill on the ques-
tion of office-holding, that the body in whom
the Constitution reposed the power to decide
the question of election was the exclusive
power to determine. The Senator who said
this was the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] who had charge of the very
bill which he now attacks as unconstitutional.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to inquire of
my friend from Indiana, upon his theory that
that provision of the Constitution does noth-
ing except save a man from being put on trial
without an indictment, what is the benefit of
the provision to anybody? It was a safeguard
thrown out to protect men from punishment
for crime, and it says you shall not even sub-
ject a man to the expense of a trial unless
these forms are complied with. I ask what
the benefit of the provision is if the trial itself
may be passed over and the man be punished
without either indictment or trial?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I will not
argue further the question of the presentment
and indictment. 1 j^ad supposed the history
of the grand jury system, and the history of
that provision in our Constitution as imported
into it from the British constitution, was so
plain that it required no explanation. I shall
pass from it simply with this observation, that
any disqualification to a seat in this body can-
not possibly be tried by any other tribunal than
this Senate, because the Constitution of the
United States makes the Senate the final arbi-
ter upon all questions .of qualification; and
there can be no indictment, there can be no
presentment, there can be no question of that
kind that can possibly come before this body.
Now, sir, was Dr. Miller disqualified under
the act . of July 17, 1862, at the time of his
election? We are the only tribunal who can
settle that question. The position has been
taken here to-day—and I will remark, too, that
it is not entirely new in this body, and I had
occasion to argue the same question on the
Georgia case nearly a year ago, and I am glad
to say that the position I then took has been
somewhat reenforced—that votes cast for a
disqualified man are void. The votes cast for
Dr. Millerwere void and not to be counted.
Whether hi8 opponent is elected is another
question, which I will not now discuss; but
there, is an unbroken chain of authority that
whoever votes for a man at the polls, or votes
for him in a legislative body, knowing, or be-
ing reasonably supposed to know that that
man is disqualified by law, those votes are
void and are mere blanks. I undertake to say
no single authority can be found against that
position.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him this question? Suppose the Senator
from Georgia who presents himself had been
under thirty years of age when he was elected;
and had attained the necessary age at the time
he presented himself: he was disqualified at the
time he was elected, he was ineligible, he was
not old enough, but when he presented himself
here he was thirty years of age ; would he not
have been sworn in?
Mr. MORTON. I think not, if the ques-
tion had been made, with all deference to my
friend.
Mr. BLAIR. That question has been made
frequently in the Senate and in the other House,
and decided in favor of his right to be sworn.
Mr. MORTON. The question goes back
to the time of his election: was he properly
elected then; was he capable of taking the
office at the time of his election? I will put
a case to my friend to show how it would work
here, and I should like him or any one else to
answer. Take the case of Georgia. At the
time of Dr. Millers election he was disquali-
fied under two statutes—not simply under one,
but under two statutes—and one of them stands
confessedly unrepealed; no attempt has ever
been made to repeal it. Dr. Miller cannot get
his seat properly except by the repeal of both
these statutes, or by some special act in his
favor. Now, if the election was valid as to the
Legislature of Georgia, Georgia had no power
to make another election as long as that term
remained unexpired. The right of Dr. Miller,
however, to take his seat depends upon a sub-
sequent act of Congress. Congress may not
pass it for one year, three years, or during six
years.
Mr. BLAIR. Not if the argument of the
gentleman from Wisconsin is valid. It does
not require this act to be repealed.
Mr. MORTON. If the idea of the Senator
from Wisconsin is valid, that is to say, that a
subsequent act can heal a void election—but
I am not discussing it upon his ideas; I am
discussing it upon mine—I say that in that
case Georgia would be prevented from electing
a Senator to fill this vacancy during the whole
term, and yet the place could not be filled
until Congress should -come forward and pass
an enabling act for that purpose. One of two
things must be true: that Georgia has the
right on the next day to elect somebody who
can take the place, or else that office was
properly filled in the first place. Georgia can-
not be kept out of a Senator in that way. The
Constitution says that each State shall be
entitled to two Senators ; and yet the Senator
supposes a case where a State can be k jpt out
of a Senator for six years simply because
Congress will not come forward and pass an
enabling act.
Mr. President, all (hat does not meet the
main point made by the Senator from New
York and the Senator from Vermont, that if
this election was a nullity in the first place it
cannot be cured by any subsequent action
upon our part. If it was merely voidable it
would be different; but, sir, it is clearly void
ab initio ; and therefore nothing can be done
subsequently, by a pardon or by an enabling
act that will make that election a good one.
Personally, I care nothing at all about this
matter. I would just as soon see Dr. Miller
here as other men who have been engaged in
this rebellion.
It has been said that the test-oath act has
been repealed. I cannot permit that remark
to pass without an observation. How was it
done? How did it pass this body, now nearly
a year ago ? Why, sir, without the knowledge
of three men upon this floor. It was passed
under what was called the Anthony rule, under
which bills unobjected to were taken up and
disposed of. It was called up here and passed
in less than one minute. I had occasion the
other day to look at the proceedings on that
bill in the Globe,- and they did not occupy a
space as long as my finger. It is well known
that that bill could not pass this body now
without a long debate, and I do not believe it
could get one third of the votes of this body
to-day.
How did it pass the House of Representa-
tives ? Why, sir, I was told by a gentleman
who voted for the bill in the House that it
only passed the House by reason of the repre-
sentation there that it had passed the Senate
unanimously. They had the understanding
over there that we had all gone down upon
that subject; and upon that representation
the bill passed the House ; and it passed this
Senate without the knowledge of the body. I
was present when it passed, and did not know
it. I have talked to numbers of Senators, and
they did not know it. It was not found out
until the next day that the bill had passed. I
suppose two or three Senators understood it.
Without intending to impute anything to any
Senator, for I do not—I suppose all were act-
ing in good faith—it is not too much to say
that that bill which repealed the test-oath is
a fraud upon the Senate of the United States—
not so intended, but a fraud in effect.
Now, how will the law stand when that bill
goes into force? I will tell you how it will
stand. That law will enable any man who has
been engaged in the rebellion to come in he're
by taking a simple oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States; but it will
require me, and the Senator from New York,
and the Senator from Massachusetts to take
the test-oathinfullas it stands upon the statute-
book. We have got to go through the whole
of it; but the man who has been engaged in
the rebellion is admitted simply by swearing
that he will support the Constitution of the
United States. That is the absurd and ridicu-
lous position that the subject will occupy when
that bill becomes a law. I had hoped that the
President would veto it. I do not know
whether he will or not. That is his business
and not mine; but I simply thought it due to
the Senate to state the circumstances of the
passage of that bill.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now have
a vote; it is getting late.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am some-
what reluctant, in the face of the fact that many
Senators are desiring to vote, to trespass
even for a moment on the time of the Senate ;
but the remarks of the Senator from Indiana
have started in my mind a question which I
deem it my duty to say a word or two upon ;
and that is, in the first place, as to the passage
of the act through both Houses which renders
the question now before us a very anomalous
one. When I learned that such an*act had
passed the Senate and had passed the House
I, too, made the inquiry how it pa3sed, and
was surprised to find that it did pass this body
in the manner in which the Senator from Itidi-
