1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
i
ana has stated, under the Anthony rule, which
permitted only bills to be considered to which
no objection was made. Strange as it may
seem, this a.ct did pass under that rule, and, it
appears, in entire ignorance of a great portion
of the body that it bad ever been considered in
the Senate at all.
I confess that the position in which this body
is placed by the passage of that act through both
Houses of Congress has caused me to look
upon this particular ease in asomewhat different
light from that in which I should have viewed
it if that legislation had not occurred. I would
not have voted for such a law; but looking at
that act as now passed both Houses, and, in
all probability, likely to receive the Executive
sanction, or to become a law, in what position
■will this one case be left? It will be left in
this position : that all other men who do not
come under the disqualification of the four-
teenth amendment, but who, nevertheless, can-
not take what is called the iron-clad oath, can,
if elected the day or any day after that bill
becomes a law, be admitted to any office in
the United States, and thus while all the men
who might not be able to take that oath to-
day would come in hereafter, let their crimes
be what they might, let them have been the
most virulent of the enemies of the United
States, this one man would stand perhaps a
single exception in the whole United States,
debarred from office because he could not take
the iron-clad oath. We should have one man
standing in the United States debarred from
taking the high office to which he has been
elected, while all others would be permitted to
take their offices.
Sir, I should be unwilling to leave any one
man in that place; and for that reason I am
brought to look at the soundness of the posi-
tion taken by the Senator from Indiana, and,
1 believe, (for I have not had the pleasure of
hearing all of this discussion, anxious as I was
to hear it all,) by other Senators; and that is,
that if there was a disqualification at the time
of the election the election was void and we
cannot infuse vitality into it by our legislation
now.
Mr. CONKLING. Before my friend pro-
ceeds to that, may I ask him a question relat-
ing to the other branch of his argument, from
which he is just passing?
Mr. SCOTT. With pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator calls our
attention to the anomaly we should find if a
single man were left unsaved by this general
act, which speaks now for the future, the acci-
dent in his case being that the election took
place anterior to the passage of that act. Let
me turn the proposition around for a moment
and ask my friend what he thinks of the sym-
metry of this position: here are other men
who have been elected; Thomas, for example,
and other such men, whose seats have been
filled by successors chosen in their place, they
having been excluded under the very pro-
vision which stands in the way here; would
it not be very singular that one man should
be picked out of the entire floelAand let in
because of special favor extended to him,
whereas every other man whose election pre-
ceded the passage of this act has fallen by
the statute which stands in the way of this
claimant? Is not the proposition, I submit to
my honorable friend, at least as broad as it is
long; at least as bad one way as it would be
the other?
Mr. SCOTT. I would answer that very long
question by simply .calling my friend's atten-
tion to the difference between that case and
tliis: that we should here be excluding a man
because he could not take this oath after both
Houses of the national Congress have relieved
everybody else from taking it; whereas when
the case of Thomas occurred all the people in
the Uuited States in the same position were
under the same disability.
Mr. CONKLING. But my friend will see
that that does not make any distinction at all
except the distinction made by the accident;
that it so happens that Georgia, as a State, has
been out of her" practical relations," in Mr.
Lincoln's language, "with the Union," and
therefore until now this application has been
postponed. That is merely accidental. In
point of law the application is nunc pro tunc;
it is now for then. Therefore I submit to the
Senator that there is no distinction.
Mr. SCOTT. And it-is because of what has
occurred in the mean time that we are now
placed in the very awkward position to which
I have called attention in reference to this
one case.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from Penn-
sylvania allow me to state the broad distinction
which separated Mr. Thomas's case from these
others? It seems to me Senators have fallen
into an error as to the decision in Thomas's
c3s6.
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly; I will hear the Sen-
ator with pleasure.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Thomas wasexcluded
not because he could not take the oath, but
because, holding the high position of Secre-
tary of the Treasury at the beginning of the
war, living in a State that had not participated
in the rebellion, he aided and acted with the
rebels, and did that which I will not now
repeat, and also allowed his son, living in the
State of Maryland, a State not at war with
the Government, to go across the lines and
serve against the United States in the war. It
was because of his acts 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have the record.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the record.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know what the resolu-
tion is.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the record
and see if you are right.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no occasion to
read it. I remember the case very well. I
know that I opposed Mr. Thomas very strongly
myself on that ground.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield to the Senator
from Vermont?
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to yield-
ing to any gentleman who can throw any light
on the question before us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ask my friend
to yield now.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to pass on to the ques-
tion which was started by the Senator from
Indiana, and, as I learn, by other Senators who
had preceded him. It is contended that if the
person elected was under any disability at the
time of his election the election was void, and
no subsequent congressional action conld in-
fuse vitality into it. Now, Mr. President, it
strikes me that that is a position which is hardly
consistent with the past history and practice
of Congress. What is the disability in the
particular case before us ? It is a disability
imposed by act of Congress, not upon the man,
not inherent in him, but a disability to take the
oath which qualifies him. _ Now, let me call
attention to other disabilities. If this argu-
ment is good as to the disqualification imposed
by an act of Congress, surely it rs good as to
the disqualification imposed by a constitutional
provision. Let me call attention to the quali-
fications for a Senator:
"No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained to the ago of thirty years and been nine
years a citizen of the United States."
If this argument be sound, then if a State
Legislature were to elect as a Senator a man who
had not attained the age of thirty years upon
the day of his election, although he did attain
the age of thirty years between the day of his
election and the day when he presented him-
self here to be qualified, the election would
be void, and he could not take his place. If
a Legislature were to elect a man who had been
naturalized as a citizen of the United States,
but nine years had not elapsed upon the day
of his election, then, although the nine years
may have been fulfilled between the day of his
election and the day that he would present
himself to be qualified, his election would be
void, and he eould not be sworn in. Has that
been the practice of the Government? I do
not now recall many instances, but I believe .
thefe are at least three in the practice of the
Government in which elections to a seat in the
House of Representatives have occurred when
the parties had not reached the age of twenty-
five years, and they were permitted to wait
until they had reached the age of twenty-five
years, and were then sworn in. I am informed
that saeh was the case in one instance from
Kentucky. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man'] is my authority for that, as it occurred
in his own experience.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question on that point for information ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question is, whether
in any of those cases the party was allowed to
be sworn in, or held to be lawfully eleeted, who
did not reach the age of twenty-five years before
the period when his right to office attached ;
that is, befora the time his term began ?
Mr. SCOTT. I presume none of them were
sworn in before his right to the term began.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 'That is not the question.
Mr. DAVIS. If njy honorable friend from
Pennsylvania will allow me 
Mr. SCOTT. I have yielded to the Senator
from Vermont for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My question was whether
the Senator knew of any one distinct case in
which it was held that the member was law-
fully elected who had not attained the required
age at the time when his term of service was
to begin ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can name several.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish you would name
one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield to the Senator
from Kentucky ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly ; but I should pre-
fer answering the question of my friend from
Vermont before I yield to another Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state a fact to the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr.
Brown was elected some ten years ago to the
House of Representatives from the State of
Kentucky before he was eligible. He did not
apply to be admitted to his seat until the sec-
ond session of that Congress, because he did
not become eligible until after the first session.
Mr. Crittenden was elected a great many years
ago to the Senate before he was thirty years
of age. Between that time and the first ses-
sion of the Senate he attained to that age, and
he took his seat without any objection.
Mr. SCOTT. The statement of fact made
by the Senator from Kentucky is an answer to
the question of my friend from Vermont, for
in the case of Brown, as he states it, the con-
stitutional age was not reached before the
time when his term of office would begin, and
he waited until his constitutional age was
reached, and that, it appears, did not come
until the second session of the Congress for
which he was elected.
There are cases to which I might allude; but
I do not desire to take up time in referring to
them. I only allude to them for the purpose
of testing the principle upon which this argu-
ment has been based. Is an election as a
member of the Senate or of the House of a
person who at the time is not qualified void
for that reason if before the oath is adminis-
tered to him he becomes qualified? And [
cite them for the purpose of bringing this ease
to that test. If the argument which I have
made in regard to the constitutional age of
thirty years, or to the period of citizenship for
nine years, be sound, then an act of Congress
or a joint resolution which would remove tbe
impediment out of this man's road before the
time he presents himself at the desk to be
sworn, would have the same effect, so far as
his eligibility is concerned, as the arriving nt
