1871.
the congressional globe.
353
region which divides the two hemispheres,
find ourselves face to face with the stagnating
civilization of the remote East. Our march
is bound to be, as it has been already, upon
tiie deep, as well as across the mountain chain
and through the wilderness. And since, even
in our youth, the tempestuous Atlantic proved
to lis a convenient highway, we shall hnd in
the Pacific only a familiar path rather than
ail obstacle, which, in these days of steam, the
enterprise of our people will soon compara-
tively bridge over. Thus we are brought in con-
tact with the Chinese. We no longer have to
go nearly round the world to seek them. They
are our next neighbors ; they are knocking at
our doors.
From this fact the question may well arise,
shall we still leave those portals wide open, as
they have hitherto invitingly been, to the whole
human family, whom we were glad to see, such,
at least, as we then expected would come, and
in such numbers aswe could afford to welcome?
This is a very important question to us, and
will, if not solved by us, be one of terrible
import in its consequences to our posterity and
our country. True, we have built and estab-
lished railroad and steamship lines avowedly to
foster immigration. So the rice cultivator, at
the head of tide-water, cuts ditches to irrigate
his fields, and makes sluice-gates to retain the
fertilizing fluid; but when a devastating freshet
sets in from above, or the salt tide rising, threat-
ens to pour its poison upon his crop, does he
leave those sluice-gates open? No. And should
we, in-regard to the demoralizing, labor-crush-
ing flood of Chinese and coolies? Certainly
not. Because gradual experience taught us to
appreciate the benefits of the fertilizing and
manageable stream of Irish, German, and other
European emigration, are we to accept the over-
whelming Asiatic influx of Chinese? Emi-
grants from Europe fled from tyranny to enjoy
the blessings of freedom under our glorious
stars and stripes. They love our country and
its institutions. They have attested this by
moistening the soil of many a battle-field with
their life's blood. Not so the pagan Chinese.
They come from purely corrupt and mercenary
motives. They detest our laws and institu-
tions ; they hate the shrines of the Christian:
they worship idols; they stay here only until
they acquire some money; they have no sym-
pathy with us or ours; they are thieves and
liars and heathens.
This question of immigration, to the eye of
common sense, can never he one of abstract
principle, but only of quality and degree or
quantity.
First, then, as to quality. Having discussed,
as far as time would permit, one of their qual-
ities, that of their religious belief, and having
digressed somewhat since, I will return to
further discuss this point.
Centuries before the time when our Celtic
and Teutonic ancestors firat ceased to paint
their bodies and abandoned human sacrifices,
or at a time more remote, when the Latins
and Greeks were still in a state of savage-
isin, those Chinese, like the Hindoos, were by
their own record much as they are now. IIow-
Hie, the contemporary of the Egyptian, Menes,
flourished in China more than four thousand
years ago, (2188 B. C.;) and eight centuries
before him, (2989 B. C.,) Fo Hi sat on the
throne of China, the successor of a long line
ol kings. ^ Nearly twenty-two hundred years
ago the Greek writers, brought into contact
with them on the Indus, in India, under Alex-
ander ofMacedor), described them as being
m all main particulars as they are to-day, in a
S'-ate of semi-civilization, which had long since
reached the utmost development of. which it
was susceptible, and having fossilized, has
consequently remained stationary, and without
material change, down to the present time.
In passing I may be allowed to allude, very
briefly, to the Hindoos, as serving to illustrate
my views of the Chinese. These two people,
constituting one half of mankind, so ancient
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 23.
and _ so thorough is the petrifaction of the
semi-civilization to whieh they had attained
untold ages since, that it has impressed and
indurated the prejudices to which it had given
rise into the very being of these races. The
Hindoo to-day, who fawns and crouches, and
is eager for a dollar and a half a month to
perform menial service for a British menial, if
the governor general of India, whom he has
seen travel with fifteen hundred elephants in
his train, and whom lie regards as the great-
est potentate 0:1 earth—if this governor gen-
eral should touch in passing, with his foot
or his garments, the vessel in which the Hin-
doo's miserable meal is cooking or set away,
that Hindoo would instantly break the vessel
as contaminated, and he would starve sooner
than touch the food it contained. This is
so with tens of millions of Hindoos. The be-
lief in caste, which, as we know, had become
old more than two thousand years ago, is so
rooted in his mind and in his nature, that, in
his muslin rags, and with hia pittance of rice,
he would not dream of eating out of a vessel
which the Czar of Eussia or the President of
the United States had touched, even with the
hem of his garment, for all the power of all the
Caasars, for all the fame of Washington, for all
the gold ever stored in the vaults of the Bank
of England or in the Treasury building here.
Life-long intercourse with western culti-
vation, added to a collegiate education, have
usually failed to eradicate, oreven modify, those
superstitions imbibed in infancy or youth,
and inevitably fructifying in a mental soil in
which the roots remained always ready to
sprout afresh through a hereditary tendency,
of which we of other races, whose creeds, or
prejudices, or modes of thought rarely extend
beyond a few generations, can hardly form a
conception, unless we reflect that a thousand
years would give us a retrospect of thirty gen-
erations ; that while more than sixty genera-
tions back these Asiatics had been as firmly
molded as now by long lines of progenitors,
extending probably to many hundreds of pre-
vious generations. Hindoos, withinthe two cen-
turies and more of British rule, have become
millionaires; they have been made even knights
and baronets by the British Government; they
have learned Blackstonebyheart, have become
familiar with the classics, have been well versed
in Euclid, and the integral calculus has been to
them no mystery. Yet they still believe in
caste and defilement from the touch of those
ingenious barbarians, such as Euclid, Virgil,
Newton, Blackstone, Shakspeare, and William
Cullen Bryant, and their descendants and asso-
ciates. Only as far back as the Sadowa cam-
paign of Prussia against Austria, when an
appeal was made to the New York and Lon-
don Bible Societies to improve the opportunity
by flooding Italy with tracts and Bibles, there
appeared a notice in the Calcutta papers of an
eminent native, holding, if 1 remember rightly,
the rank of " baboo," who had made a colossal
fortune in connection with the British Govern-
ment banking, who had led every one for years
to believe that he was a Christian, but had not
exactly made up his mind which Christian
denomination to join, who had bought large
lots of most valuable estate with the professed
intention of building and endowing a church
at his demise, but who, on the contrary, left
his wealth to build and endow a heathen tem-
ple, and to support in afflu.ence forty priests to
minister perpetually to the worship of an
ugly little family idol which for years he had
cherished in secret. Ruthlessly tyrannized
over for centuries by cruel and capricious con-
querors and despots, they have never resented
anything but encroachment on their prejudices
of caste, custom, or worship. The opposition
which the organized oppression of their rapa-
cious British masters failed to arouse has been
vividly excited by endeavors to suppress self-
immolation, the burning of widows, and female
infanticide, which we see by the papers is at
this time an agitating question in India.
The greatest effort this people ever made,
the so-called Sepoy rebellion, was not inspired
by any aspirations for freedom, or from patri-
otism, but through the to us ludicrous fear of
havmgto handlegreased cartridges as soldiers.
Ihis to the Hindoo was social and moral and
rebgious contamination and degradation in
this life and the next, and for him had greater
terrors than the lash, the rack, or the stake.
1,-u-S the niental phenomena they
exhibit the intimate and familiar intercourse
of thousands of Europeans during two hundred
years has furnished us with most ample details.
_ I have spoken thus much of the Hindoos, and
cited theru as examplesof the semi-civilization
before alluded U>, and of the strength of caste,
and their undying prejudices, because the in-
tercourse with them has been very intimate by
Europeans and the proofs abundant, and be-
cause I am sustained in the facts by all history
on the subject, since the earliest Greek writers.
Their neighbors, the Chinese, though differing
from them in origin, language, customs, anil
appearance, present equally strange character-
istics, mental and moral, which would be in-
comprehensible to us from our knowledge of
all other races if we did not see their counter-
pait in the Hindoos. They are those of infe-
rior races, who, having advanced to the highest
point of national self-culture of which they
were capable, have beim stagnating so long in
a semi-civilization, and through so many gen-
erations, that what with other races are oper-
ations of the mind, whether rude and simple,
or complex, with the Chinese and Hind'oos
have become instincts of the breed, like those
of certain dogs, which, without any training,
by nature exclusively hunt a particular kind of
game, but will not touch its flesh in the extreme
of hunger, because so many of their canine
progenitors had been taught to pursue the
quarry, but rigorously to respect its spoils as
the master's exclusive prey.
The Chinese are rather more intellectual,
less warlike, and have been more thoroughly
and universally cultured than the Hindoos.
While the plowshare of foreign conquest has
been often and rudely driven through the masses
of these yielding populations, its impression
has been no more lasting than the furrow 011
the soil; and iu all essentials it has made no
change. The conqueror has become lost and
merged in the Vast masses of the conquered,
except in the case of the British in India. But
as in this respect China, less coveted and less
accessible than India, has been less disturbed,
it has been able more uninterruptedly to mold
such civilization as the mental capacity and
moral tendancy of the race admitted.
The handful of rude and unsophisticated
Tartars, who, two hundred and twenty-nine
years ago, conquered this immense territory,
and this vast aggregation of corrupt tyrants,
pedants, and slaves, found thishighly organized
despotism and luxurious semi-civilization so
alluring to the masters that they determined
to accept it as it was, and to "boss the con-
cern," as a western man would say, with all
its ridiculous paraphernalia; just as, one hun-
dred and twenty-three years before them, the
Ottoman Turks stepped into the shoes of the
effete Byzantine emperors, adopting, to a great
extent, their preposterous forms and ceremo-
nies, which to this day the Turks are unjustly
charged with originating, as well as charged
with causingthe ruin and desolation whieh they
found there when they came, and which had
been occasioned through the incapacity and the
vices ol the vanquished, whom they overthrew
and supplanted. The ruling Tartar dynasty and
their followers, enervated by such association,
constituting a kind of military aristocracy, dis-
play such occasional valor as is still shown in
the empire at rare intervals, and imbibe the
superstitious prejudices of the vulgar, while
the aboriginal Chinese literati still mold them
to their will.
Of the Chinese people it may be said that,
besides being models of filial duty, they are
