1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
the age of thirty years or the lapsing of nine
years in the interim between the election and
the qualification of a Senator; and therefore,
if that be so, the only, question we have to
consider here is the.expediency of removing
out of the way of this man the act of Congress
which prevents him from taking the iron-elad
oath. - .. .
Mr.. President, if he had been elected under
constitutional disabilities itwould present an
entirely different question. I-aim -free to say
that-,! shall be very slow to -vote for the re-
moval of disabilities imposed, by the fourteenth
amendment upon any man who has been
fleeted,by a Legislature with the full knowl-
edge that he labored under those disabilities.
I will not agree that any Legislature shall
-assume to act for Congress, and take upon
itself the determination of whether disabilities
ought to be removed or not, as they virtually
do when they undertake to elect a man whom
they know to be under disabilities and send
him here to have them removed. I have
already stated that I would have voted against
the general act which has passed both Houses
permitting those men who are situated as Dr.
Miller is to take the qualified oath; but that
act having passed, and this case coming up as
•an individual exception, if we have the power
ought we and can we consistently permit this
one man to stand a blackened monument of
our want of discrimination in consequence of
what has occurred in this Chamber, because
of our own inattention to our legislation ? I
confess X am hardly willing to do so, while I
have no kind of sympathy, and I am free to
avow it, with that claim which is made, and
made upon the declared belief that those who
have been inimical to the Government, who
have had their lives spared, their property
spared, their franchises given to them, all that
is dear to freemen left with them, and still
are inimical to the Government, can be made
friends by opening the way to them to hold
office.
Mr. HOWE. I rise simply to ask my friend
from Pennsylvania if he understands that Dr.
Miller is disqualified by the fourteenth article
of the Constitution?
Mr. SCOTT. I understand that he is not,
and for that reason I say his case is distin-
guished from those who may come in the future
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment.
My understanding of Dr. Miller's case is that
he had never held an office before the com-
mencement of the rebellion ; that he had never
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States; that he held the office of
surgeon in the rebel army, and therefore can-
not take the iron-clad oath, declaring he
never gave aid and covnfort to them ; that in
other respects he is far more deserving of
having any disabilities removed than hundreds
of those who have slipped through Congress
almost sab silentio, and have had them re-
moved. 1 believe that under all the circum- i
stances we should be acting more consistently
with the general tenor of our legislation if we
permitted this man to take the oath which
others have taken in like circumstances and to
become a member of the body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did notintendto take
up any more of tlie time of the Senate upon
this question, and I should not rise now but in
consequence of some remarks that fell from
the Senator Irom Indiana, [Mr. Mobtox,] in
which he spoke of a bill that has passed this
body as a fraud upon the Senate, and said
that no such bill could now pass the Senate.
Of course the Senator from Indiana is entitled
to his opinion upon that subject; but I should
be very sorry to believe that such a bill would
not pass the Senate now. 1 think it ought to
pass the Senate, and, so far from being a fraud
on the Senate, I think it is mauifest, from what
occurred in the Senate at the time of its pas-
sage, that it was well understood. I shall be
very sorry to believe that the Senator from
Indiana is right in his suggestion that the Con-
gress, of the United States proposed forever to
keep a disqualification upon the smaller class
of rebels, those who never took an oath to
support .the Constitution, to prohibit the heads
of Departments and the President from ap-
pointing any of them to office, while it allows
the appointment to office of those who have
had their disabilities removed, without taking
this oath at ail. It is singular to hear that the
oath should be repealed as to the larger class
of cases and left as to the smaller ones.
Again, sir, I do not see the inconsistency of
our laws which occurs to the Senator from
Indiana. The test-oath of 1862 was never pre-
scribed for anybody but Union men. Nobody
else could ever take it. He and I have taken
it two or three times apiece, perhaps. It is no
badge of dishonor to walk up and take that
oath and say you have never given aid or
comfort to the enemies of the country. Union
men take it, and it is only those who are not
able to take that oath of loyalty to the country
who are permitted to take the other. I think
oar legislation was very inconsistent when it
allowed a person whose political disabilities
under the fourteenth amendment had been re-
moved to take a qualified oath and refused to
allow one who had no disabilities to be removed
to take the specified oath.
But I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate for a moment to this subject to show that
there was no fraud about it. It was a ques-
tion that had been discussed in the Senate. I
find that 011 the Gth of April, 1870, when not
the bill of which the Senator spoke, but one in
reference to the same subject, was before the
Senate, I made these remarks:
"Before this bill passes I desire to say one word,
and I shall detain the Senate but amoment. Oar
legislation on this subject is very inconsistent and
very improper, in my judgment, as it stands. A man
who is obnoxious to the fourteenth amendment, as
the law stands, is in a better situation than a man
who is not, because the man who is obnoxious to the
fourteenth amendment, by having his disabilities
removed, is notrequiredtotaket,he test-oath; while
a man who is not obnoxious to the fourteenth amend-
ment but who gave no aid or comfort to the rebellion
is required still to take the test-oath. I hope we may
at an early day pass the bill reported by the honor-
able Senator Irom South Carolina [Mr. Robertsos]
that shall relieve everybody from taking that test-
oath."
That is the bill which I understand sub-
sequently passed.
" Our present legislation is very inconsistent."
Now, I find that the bill 
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him one question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Does the honorable Senator
mean to claim that the test-oath, as itis called,
the iron-clad oath, was made for Union men
alone?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; for nobody
else could ever take it. No rebel could ever
take that oath.
Mr. NYE. Then I understand the policy
of the Senator is, that hereafter the test-oath
shall stand to be taken by Union men in con-
tradistinction to those who are rebels?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the effect of
the laws as they now stand.
Mr. NYE. So that Union men have to do
more swearing to get into the Senate than a
man who was a rebel?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Nevada, if he desires it, can go up and
take the qualified oath; but I should prefer,
while the other statute stands, to take the
loyal oath.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator may
feel as if he ought to do so, but I do not, unless
rebels are required to take it also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rebels could never
take that oath, and the Senator from Nevada
has voted time and again to allow rebels to
take a different oath.
Mr. NYE. When ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In every one of those
acts where he has voted to remove disabilities
and allow the qualified oath to be taken.
Mr. NYE. I granted their prayer; they
it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did not the Senator
vote for the qualified oath of 1868? Does he
deny having supported that bill, which allows
every man from whom political disabilities
under the fourteenth amendment have been
removed to take the qualified oath ? Did he
not vote for that ?
Mr. NYE. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Verywell. Ifvouvoted
for that, you are willing that rebels should
take a different oath from that which you take.
Mr. NYE. I wanted to know what you
thought about it. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has ascer-
tained what I think about it. I do not think
it any mark of dishonor. I think myself it
would be better to repeal the test-oath, as it
is called, entirely; and simply for this reason :
not that I have any objection to it, but I do
not believe in keeping upon the statute-book
any law that unnecessarily draws a distinction
between Union men and those who were
rebels. The fourteenth amendment disqual-
ifies certain persons. That is there. I would
not unnecessarily keep up a statute that should
bring up face to face this question all the
time, to produce irritation in the country,
unless there was an object in it.
But my attention was called away from what
I wished to say in answer to this charge of fraud
on the Senate. I dislike to hear such a charge
as that. It seems by the Globe that I had
called attention a few days before, on the 6th
of April, to this inconsistency in our statutes,
and had referred to this bill of the Senator from
South Carolina. I see on looking into the
Globe of the 22d of April, 1870, that these
proceedings took place :
"The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. No.
218) prescribing an oath of office to be taken by per-
sons who had participated in the late rebellion, but
who are not disqualiBed from holding officc by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States."
This bill was introduced, I understand, by
the Senator from South Carolina who sits
nearest me, [Mr. Sawyer.]
"Mr. Tromblll. Let tho bill be read at length.
" The Secretary read the bill as follows."
It was read entirely at length. I called for
its reading in the Senate at the time, and it
was read in full.
"There being:no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
"Mr. Tkcmbcll. That bill ought to pass."
I expressed my opinion upon it after calling
attention to it and having it read.
"The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed."
Now it seems that that bill which the Sen-
ator from Indiana denominates a fraud I my-
self asked to have read at length to the Senate,
and expressed my opinion in favor of it ; it is
true, in a word, that I thought the bill ought to
pass. To say that that is a fraud upon the
Senate, a bill that had been introduced a long
time befor® that I had taken occasion some
days before to allude to and point out the
effect of; a bill to which when it came up the
attention of the Senate was called so far as to
have it read at length and passed under such
circumstances; a bill that had been considered
by the Committee 011 the Judiciary, and had
commanded the assent of that committee—to
charge that that is a fraud upon the Senate, it
seems to me is entirely unwarranted. It had
been reported here by the assent of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I'liad no recollection
of it until this matter was referred to now ; I
had not looked at the record ; but the singular
statement of the Senator from Indiana, speak-
ing so broadly as lie did, charging it to be a
fraud, induced me to inquire of him where it
was to be lound, and I then sent for the Globe
and theie found the record I have read.
Mr. MORTON. I did not say the Senator
intended to commit a fraud ; but I stated that
