iim
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
.jiion senserepel such an outrageous application
of any law, public or statute, as the one which
it is sought to impose on this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am
obliged to agree with my friend from South
Carolina in one respect; and that is wherein
he speaks about his knowledge of public law,
after the Supreme Court of the United States—
that great coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment which we all respect so much when it
decides as we want it to, and all respect so
little when it does not—decided unanimously,
(Democrats,. Conservatives, Middle Men, Re-
publicans. Extremists, Radicals, whatever they
maybe,) in the prize cases, upon the distinct
and exact point that every person, without
regard to his personal wishes, sentiments, feel-
ings, without regard to his personal conduct,
who resided within the territorial limits held
by the forces in armed hostility to the United
States and by the de facto and temporary gov-
ernments there existing, was, in the public
sense, an enemy of the United States, just as
much so in the public sense, which has existed
in all public law from the beginning of civil-
ization to this day, as if he had, been the com-
mander of the confederate forces. That my
honorable friend from South Carolina knows
perfectly well. My honorable friend from Mis-
souri knows that perfectly well also. If he
.does not, it is because be has denied himself
the pleasure of reading the reports of his
own tribunal and has confined himself to read-
ing the New York Tribune, which he quoted
from so largely the other day in the Senate.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I do not rise to discuss this ques-
tion, because I know that in a certain moral
sense, and as applied to certain persons in the
southern States, and to cases which, when
they shall be brought individually here, I will
listen to and support, it is right that we should
ignore this principle of public law which, as
-a principle applied to public affairs and to
national operations, is indispensable to the
safety and security of any Government. But
that, case is not here now. Here we are on
a bill which has for its title the appropriation
of certain sums of money to carry on the mil-
itary establishment of the Government as
provided by existing laws; and if the Senate
did business as business people would do it
in private affairs they would apply themselves
to the appropriation of such moneys as were
necessary for such a purpose, and be done
with it. And, then, if this question, or any
other engaging public consideration, should
rise up, we should be allowed to attend to it.
But it seems to have been thought—and I con-
fess I have been overborne about that, and
therefore I am not going to occupy time—it
seems to have been, thought that this Army bill
and all the other appropriation bills are like a
general shipin a great port about to go on a for-
eign voyage, upon whose mast is set up a
great sail marked off in red letters, " Up for
Cowes and a market; all kinds of merchandise
will be received free on board for this voy-
age;" and everybody is invited who has any
little claim or any great elaim, or any great
matter of national legislation, anything that
interests him, that he cannot carry in any
other way, to put it into the hold of this great
carrier-ship of an appropriation bill.
1 now tell gentlemen that we shall come to
the end of this thing some time. When we
go on legislating in this way we shall find
ourselves at the end of the next year with a
deficiency in the Treasury, and with a motley
species of legislation that nobody can account
for and nobody can defend, some of which
may be right and most of which may be
wrong, which will make us all ashamed of
ourselves, because it is no method of doing
business. And yet in the last hours of this
session, in endeavoring to carry on a Govern-
ment, we resort to this method of legislation.
I can well understand how my honorable
friend from Missouri and other members of
his party should be perfectly willing, nay de-
sirous, as far as honorable conduct goes—
and they would go no further—to use a homely
phrase, to bedevil this bill and all other appro-
priation bills, to bring the responsible party
into shame and reproach before the people.
That is what is called fair game, perhaps ;
but how anybody on our side of the Chamber
should be willing to load up these bills for the
mere necessary expenditure of the Govern-
ment with the consideration of all manner of
subjects, some of which ought to be consid-
ered, it is true, astonishes me. That being the
case, I have, as the saying is of the Indian
when he was going t-o be hung, made my moan
and put in my protest, and that is all I have
to say.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President 
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Texas allow meto make a suggestion, not upon
the merits of this amendment, but upon the
order of business?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I would with a great
deal of pleasure, but I am very anxious to say
something on this question. I have been try-
ing now for some half hour to get the floor.
Having the floor, I propose to submit a few
remarks on this subject.
Mr. President, this is not an inconsiderable
subject. It is a great subject. It is one that
has to be met. I had no idea that it would be
alluded to this evening; but sufficient it is that
the proposition is before theSenate ; and being
before the Senate, legitimately as I take it,
because the point of order was made and it
was ruled by the Chair to be in order, what
do I learn ? I learn with gratitude and at the
same time with regret the different views en-
tertained by distinguished Senators Ln the dis-
cussion of this subject. I regret that my dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio has opened up the
subject in his many appeals to the people of
the United States, and to the Senators imme-
diately having their interests in charge, to stand
by the Union and to see that the Treasury was
not depleted to the extent contemplated by the
proposition before the Senate. In answer to
that proposition I ask where the people of the
Union are? Have you not passed the line;
have you not happily crossed the gulf that so
recently divided the great North and South?
One of theplauks of the platform of our great
captain, the Executive of this proud nation,
was peace. I indorsed it as an humble indi-
vidual : I yet indorse it. He was sincere ; and
many of those and most of those who are for
peace sincerely indorsed that happy remark of
his. Is it to be perpetuated as it was intended
and declared ? If so, certainly my distinguished
friend from Ohio is slightly in error, because
he now makes appeals to discriminate.
As was well said by the Senator from South
Carolina, a loyal man undoubtedly is entitled
to as much sympathy who resided at that time
in the South as he who resided in the North,
notwithstanding he who was in the North may
have done greatly more to suppress the rebel-
lion and to perpetuate this great nation. But
the man in the South was not enabled thus to
do ; he was so circumstanced that if he could
escape with his head he was successful. That
day, however, has passed. We have been in-
vited, and in response to the invitation we have
come forward. I, for one, as an humble in-
dividual, having been born in the South aud
raised in it, and never expecting to live out of
it, and not having been driven out of it in the
great revolution—and I hope we shall never
witness another one—I love it and it is near
and dear to me.
I am again enabled with pleasure to indorse
the noble sentiments uttered by the distin-
guished Senator from Indiana. He meets the
question in his liberal mind and broad views
as he generally does. He knows that the
handwriting is upon the wall, that this ques-
tion is .not to be ignored, and that he who
attempts it only smothers the fire for a time ;
but it will burst out with greater force ulti-
mately and do much greater injury than if it
is met and freely responded to at the outset.
The distinguished Senator from Ohio begs
the question. He says the day may come when
this will be done. Yes, and it was once said
when a man was presiding, that in a convenient
season all might be well; but on that occasion
that convenient season never came. I take it
here, from the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio now that he will not be grieved if it
should never come here. It is postponing and
thereby avoiding the question.
I recollect very well the other day when a
proposition was up to remunerate and reim-
burse fully the amounts invested in the first
instance praiseworthily and patriotically by the
States of Indiana and Connecticut; and they
come here for interest likewise, and so with
all the States in the North. They want every
dime. Directly after the war, when they got
what they paid in the first instance, they were
very well satisfied ; they were glad to take the
principal,; but now we are growing, the nation
is becoming easier, confidence is restored, and
they must have the interest too. Did you find
me voting against any of those propositions?
Not one of them. They were just; they were
correct in principle, and I responded to them,
not knowing then that a proposition was to be
made to affect even remotely the South, as this
has been introduced this evening. And yet it
is a meritorious proposition.
Gentlemen say these people have sinned.
So did our first parents in the Garden of
Eden; and what is the condition of man to-
day ? Is there any North, East or West upon
that great question? No;- "Come unto me
all ye ends of the earth." We have been
invited to come together as a great, mighty
nation. We have done so ; and I hope that we
shall be justly dealt by. Now, it is impossible
that it can be otherwise, and all the appeals
and all the ability which can be brought to
bearagainst it will fail. We make no threats ;
the time for that has long since passed. But,
sir, there were loyal men in the South, and they
have been there from the first all the time,
and a few of them are there yet. When you
do justice to them you will thereby directly
tend to perpetuate the Union.
There is a great question in the North in re-
gard to the public debt. It is one of the bright
planks of the platform of the Republican party
to pay the last dime that is due from the nation
to its creditors, thereby repaying the debt that
saved the liberties of the nation. Do not talk
to me now about repudiating the debt due to
the South. If you attempt it you will build
up there a party who will oppose your doctrine
of payment. They will say, " These men pay
everybody but us ; they can pay the people of
the North ; they can pay all those who suffered
on the sea from the Alabama and other vessels,
but they cannot payanybodyin the South." I
have no doubt that England is going to settle
the Alabama claims. I never had any doubt
that she would do it if she was approached in
the right maimer. As a great and magnani-
mous people, I think the English will do what
is just in that matter. Now, it will be said in
the South, " When the vigilance of the nation
is abroad, looking to the interests of the citi-
zens of the North, why .are they to ignore the
loyal people of the South?" That principle
will not work.
Recently, and within the last two or three
days, on the appropriation bills, we have had
various propositions in the nature of subsidies.
There have been many splendid schemes sug-
gested, and I should like to see them success-
fully encouraged ; but upon the occasions when
we had those schemes presented and sustained
by splendid arguments it was not intimated
that poverty was abroad in our land. We are
now told, however, that the people of the
North are loaded down with enormous taxes,
while the people of the South are free and easy,
and not in debt. True, there is not much debt
at the South now ; but she has been stripped
