1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3&5
appear in print or sound to the ear and suit
the taste of our purest and best people, is falla-
cious. It cannot be done.
Hero is what Dr. Williamson, a devoted Chris-
tian and eminent missionary, says, in speaking
iirst of the Chinese literati, and next of the
masses of the people, (volume one, page 6:)
"Those literati stir up the common people against
the missionaries and foreigners. These are the men
who, with the threat of reporting them to the man-
darins, annoy and squeeze Christian converts, and
such native merchants as may be seeking to intro-
duce improvements. These are the men who, at
every point, retard the advancement of western civil-
ization, and in whose favor so much has been spoken
in our highest circles and best literature. Clearly
there is no hope from such men. But the most mel-
ancholy fact is, there is as little hope apart from these
' hungry tigers.' Superstition clouds the finest intel-
lects. As far as we can see, there is no hope for China
in China itself. "We have at different times, and in
different connections, inquired separately of the
ablest Europeans and Americans in Pekin; men who
had the best opportunities of knowing.''
" The reply has invariably been in the neg-
ative."
And here I may remark that the'Chinese are
cultivated and educated already, more than you
are on the average, my Caucasian and Christian
friends; that they have been so longer and
more thoroughly than you have ; and that it
would seem in fact, as far as we can gather,
that they have been cultivated up to or beyond
the limit at which their minds have the capa-
city to fructify. That is to say, the Chinese
knew the use of types and had printed books
long before the days of Guttenberg, and before
youknew the use oftypes; that,prorata, there
are more Chinese who can read, that they read
more books, and that they have more men
whose heads are stuffed with more of the con-
tents of those volumes, than among your Amer-
ican and European Caucasians.
Remember, too, that while your alphabet has
only twenty-six letters, and that to learn to read
and write is a comparatively easy operation,
the Chinese have to master about thirty thou-
sand characters—numerous as the words of a
whole language—and hence, that mere reading
or writing with them is as difficult to acquire
as for us to learn a strange or foreign tongue.
It may be true that the learning with which
the literati and the Chinese generally are
stuffed is only useless rubbish, delusion, soph-
istry, or quaint conceits, but ho has an immense
amount of it stored away, respectable to him
through hoar antiquity, if from nothing else,
and he looks on the mushroom knowledge of
your men of yesterday with the same contempt
with which it would have been regarded by
some black-letter scholar of the Middle Ages,
whose brain was exclusively crowded with the
contents of innumerable tomes of long sincefor-
gotten theologic controversy, and who would
have burned Galileo or Newton, if they had
not recanted their opinion that the earth moved
around the sun. The consequence is that his
mind, his nature, and that of his whole people,
which has been molded after bis own, presents
one feature whicli is equipotent with ancestral
reverence and worship. He and all his race
are imbued with an inconceivable self-conceit.
All nations have conceit. We have it. Indi-
viduals, fragments of such nations, get over it
in proportion to their opportunities of travel
or investigation, and the nations in ratio or
their intercourse with others.
But no conceit with which other nations or
individual members thereof are imbued renders
to them any conceivable idea of that of the
Chinese. They conscientiously, from high to
low, believe us to be, as they call us, "outside
barbarians," In contradistinction to some wild
tribes within their dominion, or adjacent
thereto, and to the Asiatic "outsiders, by
whom they have been overrun, and to a com-
parative handful of whom they have bowed
submissively and abjectly. But even these
thev ridiculed and despised, and who, merged
in their vast masses, they finally managed and
molded to their will and supposed cultivated
intellectual superiority, triumphing, as they
think and say, by the eventful ascendency ot
mind and learning over brute force and mat-
ter. Of that brute force they consider the Cau-
casians the exponents, barbarians, ingenious
and expert in some of its arts; nothing more.
Steam navigation, railroads, the electric tel-
egraph, all our discoveries in arts and science,
medicine and arms, they regard as the acci-
dental or mischievous discoveries of barbari-
ans ; those which are patent and material to
be accepted and used only as our Caucasian
civilization received the Peruvian bark from
South American barbarians and savages, and
that we might have taken from that bark the
poisons with which they tip their spears and
arrows if we had no preferable arms.
An English gentleman, an officer, since
killed on the Amazon river, and with whom I
was acquainted, related, eighteen years ago,
the story of the capture of the island of Chu-
san, on the coast of China, and of its chief
city, in which he participated, and had with
him copies of the proclamation of the Chi-
nese authorities—the mandarins, as we con-
veniently call them, though the term derived
from the Portuguese or Spanish verb of llman-
dar," or " command," is unknown to the Chi-
nese themselves. This proclamation set forth
to the Chinese troops that they were about to
be attacked by the "blue and red devils'' of
the outside barbarians, meaning the British
soldiers and marines clad in scarlet, and the
sailors in blue:
"That every Chinese soldier was to provide him-
self with two swords; with _ shields representing
dragons' heads, of which the jaws would open and
shut ay pulling a string; and with an abundance
of gongs and tom-toms. "When the barbarians ad-
vanced the instruments were suddenly to sound,
the swords to be knocked together, and the dragons
jaws to be snapped, which would strike such ter-
ror into their altogether detestable and stupid souls
that they would assuredly fall prostrate upon their
faces on the ground through fear. Then, as it is well
known that their trowsers were strapped down so
tightly (it was in the civil and military period ot
trowser straps) that once fallen they could not rise,
and they, the Chinese braves, would have nothing
to do but rush in and cut their throats with one
sword and disembowel them with the other."
This gentleman further stated that the Brit-
ish commander was very cautious and sus-
pected that there was a plan laid to entrap him.
When the advance was made the orders were
carried out fully on the part of the Chinese,
and shots were fired from jingals and match-
locks, but "nobody was hurt." A volley from
the British skirmish line sentthcmall back,
pell-mell, into the gates of the city. The com-
mander, fearing that they designed to draw him
inside the walls and overpower him by numbers,
waited until the next day, when,^ with the strict-
est discipline and utmost caution, he entered
the city and found the brave Chinese had not
stopped in the city at all, butjust passed through.
As soon as the people in the city found the
British troops were not going to injure them
they set up the most boisterous shouts of laugh-
ter at the outside barbarians, and especially at
their bright and elegant uniforms. Months sub-
sequently, in conversation with some of the high
officials, he found out that they still entertained
the same exalted opinion of the gallantry of
their runaway troops, and contempt for the in-
feriority of the barbarians. Kev. Dr. William-
son, in his work referred to, (pages 11 and 12,
volume 1,) speaking of their estimate, of for-
eigners, says:
" The great masses—the nation, not the sprinkling
along the coast—look upon us as a different species
of human beings. Insomeplaces they callus devils,
not in impertinence perhaps, but in genuine igno-
rance of our origin and character, so much so, tnat
they often use this term with complimentary prefixes
as e a., their practice of calling a friend of ours
'Kwhe-tze-ta-jon,' i.e., 'His Excellency, the Devil.
Moreover, they often use this epithet in our courts
of justice. In other places they look upon us as a
race of fierce men, not quite up to the mark in
mental powers. Many a time have foreigners been
provoked by Chinamen coming up to them, patting
them on the shoulder and caressing them, just as we
would a large Newfoundland dog or a semi-tamed
lion Often have I observed Chinamen address my-
self and others, just as mendacious nursery maids
address children, as if we were incapable of seeing
through their barefacedlies and shallow deceit.
This same English officer gave an anecdote,
which I have since seen published, illustrative
of the strange mixture of childish simplicity,
of expedient, of imitative ingenuity, and of the
low and contemptuous estimate which is formed
of the intelligence of outside barbarians by
these cunning Chinese literati, who in argu-
ment and negotiation have baffled or cheated
the most astute British diplomats, versed in
all the wiles of Indian and Persian Asiatics,
and who never carried their point except, as
the Chinese truly think and say, by physical
force, which, under orders, would have been
as well carried out by any sergeant of marines.
It is to this effect: when a British squadron
was blockading the mouth of a Chinese river
officers and sailors were astounded at seeing a
steamer belonging to the fleet, and which long
before bad been dispatched to India, come
slowly steaming down stream, with colors fly-
ing, and cast anchor above them. It was in-
credible ; they could not believe the evidence
of their own eyes. But as the steamer did not
respond to signals, boats were sent to board
her. As the boats approached, a number of
Chinese, in tars' jackets, were seen to jump into
tho river, and on taking possession the craft
was found to be externally a perfect imita-
tion and fac simile of the absent steamer, the
paddle-wheels beingslowly worked by the crew
and the smoke through the smoke-stack fur-
nished by the burning of damp straw in the
hold.
When the British advanced up one of the
Chinese rivers, and all the strongholds of the
Celestials had been carried and the invading
expedition was about to attack a large city—
the name does not occur to me now—after
having found their guns, stone walls, and gongs
ineffectual in arresting the advance of the bar-
barians the Chinese literati fell on the expe-
dient of scattering brief proclamations among
the British soldiers and sailors, which, being in
the Chinese language, they could not read, but
which were to this effect: "You come from
a distant country; you must have been long
away; your mothers and wives and families
must want to see you. Let us advise you.
Go home. We do not want you here."
We are told, and truly too, that the Chinese
have made great progress in the useful arts;
that in this respect there are many things we
might learn from them. The minute attention
they give to husbandry, the quantity of produce
thfey extract from the soil, the care with which
they restore to itthe most insignificant element,
and the manner in which they economize that
produce, are no doubt eminently worthy of our
attention and imitation in this country, where
we so prodigally misuse the soil and so waste-
fully misuse its productions.
in China, where human labor is of such
small account; where civilization, such as it is,
is so old that more than two thousand years
ago {21-1 B. C.) a stone wall fifteen hundred
miles long was built to keep out the Tartars ;
where the gardener and the dyer and the
paper-maker follows to-day the same trade his
progenitors did then, as thousands had done
for countless generations before them, it is no
wonder that they have dyes that we cannot
give and papier maohi that we cannot imitate,
and oak trees dwarfed no higher than the knee,
and flowering cactus plants that grow in a thim-
ble, and flowers colored to any hue in a manner
that excites the wonder and envy of our florists.
There are, however, other Asiatics, rude and
uncivilized, in the Caucasus, in the highlands
of middle Asia, or among the Turcomans, and
in India, who work steel of a quality unattain-
able by all the science of the West, and never
approached by the Chinese; and in Lahore, and
in other places, woolen, hair, silk, and cotton
fabrics unattained by the Chinese.
Within a generation the Caucasian mmd has
devised cultivators, and steam-plows, and reap-
ing-machines, and mowers, which enable one
man to do the work of a hundred Chinese;
and, besides a score of other valuable pro-
ducts, extracted from coal, which the Ceies-
