mix. ■■
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•TO3
of her property. Wo had a peculiar kind of
property, as is well known to my northern
friends. The great nation, under her laws,
aat.horized i.hat species of property to be held.
For the good of the natiou, however, it was
thrown- overboard, just as when a ship is at
Seaj and the billows are rolling, it is necessary
sometimes to throw over the cargo for the pres-
ervation of the ship. But after that is done
there is an adjustment had, and the day is not
far distant perhaps when that bill will be footed
by the people of this proud nation. Equality
and justice is the order of the day, and it will
be' meted out whether at the end of one year,
tw&lty-five years, fifty years, or a hundred
years. At an early day, I have no hesitancy
•in saying that if we are blessed' by Providence,
as i hope we shall be, we shall reach one
hund red millions of people, and then it will be
la smilJ matter to harmonize, and pay every-
thing that is proper to A, B, and 0, broadcast
through this nation j and they will never be a
unit,:'they will never be perfectly happy, until
that is' done.
■' Money liaS been spoken of here by way of
subsidies. We have money enough in our
Treasury, no want of means, credit ample, to
■subsidize just as many steamship lines as are
necessary to secure, to lariat, if' yon please, to
-use a Texas word, all the commerce- of the
world." *1 sat by and heard those arguments,
and I; arrived at this- conclusion: if we have
so miich money that we are able thus to sub-
sidize and secure the commerce of the world
we are in a very happy condition, and we had
better rest for the time being than risk so
nru&h. It seems to ba the idea of some peo-
ple-that we are vastly rich. Under any cir-
cumstances-we are getting on very well; we
are progressing finely ; and under this Admin-
istration we are reducing our public debt rap-
idly. 1 Everything is moving on finely except
when we • hear some flaming and '- exciting
speeches-'against the South, such as we hear
toy question like-that now presented is
under;;eoii'si'derafcioB. We-are told that the
8out.h has Sitined. May she not have forgive-
ness if she'acts cortectly? I am one of those
who advocate the doctrine of coming up and
acknowledging and settling honestly, whether
you pay or not. We have done so, and that
to a great extent; and I hope justice will be
roetcd out to us at no distant day.
I should like to say much more on this sub-
ject. I had not expected, however, that this
question would come up this evening; but I
have, all things considered, thought 1 should
be remiss -in my duty if I sat by and heard
silently these remarks against the justice that is
directly due to and is demanded upon the part
of the South on equitable grounds. I have
■done. ■ - - -
■ Mr. WILSON. I regret, Mr. President, that
this amendment has been moved upon this
appropriation bill. It is too great a subject
to be considered at this tinieof the session and
upon this class of measures. Although the
Supreme Court and the legislation and prac-
tice of the nation, forced by absolute neces-
sity,- considered the people of the rfebel States
as enemies of the country during the war, the
common sense of the people of the nation did
'not, after the war, recognize that fact. As
'early as- 1-866, in conjunction with others, I
prepared a bill for the purpose of making an
immediate investigation of all claims against
the Government from the States lately in re-
bellion. I then believed, I now believe, that
we should have at once passed such an act,
made* such an investigation and closed the
whole matter. 1 believed then, what we see
now, that there would be a pressure from those
States in favor of loyal claimants, aud I be-
lieved then that the loyal men could be found
at that time, and that every day of delay would
'increase the claims against the United States
■Government. I have no doubt that we could
Jbaive settled this matter four years ago for one
%alf csf-what we can now settle it for, and every
41sx Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 113.
year we delay it will be easier to prove that
men were loyal to the country.
■Now, sir, I do not believe any very large
amount of claims are to be presented. There
were few loyal men in the rebel States, and
there were very few loyal men that had their
property taken for the benefit of the Army.
Four fifths of the claims already made in the
quartermaster's and commissary departments
of the Government are believed, and found to
be on looking into them, false claims. There
are many of the States that have no claims at
all. You can hardly trump up claims in some
portions of the country. And yot I would
willingly pay every loyal man who contributed,
no matter where lie lived, to support the coun-
try during the war; and I wish to see some
well-regulated, carefully devised plan adopted
to ascertain the fact, and I am willing to vote
the money. But it does seem to me at this
time and upon this appropriation bill that it
should not be forced upon us, and I do not
propose here to vote for it. I was from the
beginning in favor of ascertaining the facts.
I prepared and brought into this Chamber at
least three bills looking to that end. I am
willing to take up such a measure and consider
it carefully if we should remain here after the
4th of March, or at the earliest possible mo-
ment, and make the examination; but if this
amendment is to be pressed here, we do not
know when we shall close these measures, and
for one I propose to stand by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, and to vote
against putting it upon this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this measure. I am not surprised at the
warmth which the southern Senators manifest
upon this matter. I myself have on some
occasions, when claims have been presented
from the southern States from loyal persons,
sympathized fully with the views which they
express. But now it is very plain that this
question, so very interesting, so very import-
.ant, will not be permitted by either side to
be decided except in a full Senate. We have
a thin Senate now; and if wo go on with this
discussion it will carry us into the fatiguing
hours of the night, and we shall adjourn pre-
cisely where we are now.
Now, I venture, with great deference to my
friend the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, to suggest to him if it would not
be better to lay aside this bill and take up some
other bill which I presume he has ready for the
consideration of the. Senate, and leave this
until to-morrow at one o'clock, when we shall
have a full Senate, and when it can be discussed
as long as Senators choose.
Mr. COLE. Does the Senator make the
motion? If not, I will.
Mr. ANTHONY. I prefer that the Senator
should make the motion.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay this bill aside, in
order that we may proceed to-night with the
Navy appropriation bill and make some pro-
gress with that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TbeSenator
from California moves that the Army appro-
priation bill be postponed to preceed to the
consideration of the bill named by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose we lay the Army
bill on the table for the time being.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay the Army appro-
priation bill on the table for the present.
Mr. RICE. Is the question now before the
Senate on laying the bill upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion.
Mr.RICE. That is not debatable, Ibelieve.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. RICE. I hope it will not be done. I
am for the hill.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
California to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment, that I may make a remark. If the pur-
pose of the two Senators making this sugges-
tion is to postpone the Army bill, or rather
the pending proposition, with a view to renew
the debate upon it when the Senate is fall, I,
think they may succeed in their object. - If
their purpose is to postpone with the under-
standing that all are to consent to voting when
the Senate is thin, and voting without discus-
sion, the proposition cannot receive my con-
sent.
This is a double propositions first, to intro-
duce, as meritorious claimants, so-called loyal
citizens in southern States; and second, to
make the Court of Claims and the Depart-
ments the tribunals by which these claims ara
to he allowed. Such a proposition, I beg to
say, Mr. President, as one member of this
body, will never be ingrafted upon this bill in
the absence of one third of the Senators until
I have resisted it to the verge of fair parlia-
mentary proceeding.
Mr. RICE. Is not the motion now before
the Senate to lay the bill on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from California
to have made the motion to lay the bill on the
table ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that this bill lie on the table. The motion is
not debatable.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that
is in order, 1 believe, and is prior in point
of time to the other. 1 move that this amend-
ment lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON. Which amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole amendment.
Mr. COLE. I will withdraw my motion to
lay the bill on the table for the motion to lay
the amendment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California withdraws his motion to lay
the bill on the table. The Senator from Ohio
moves to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iaslt for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator mean the amendment to the amend-
ment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I speak of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Arkansas, that
which we are talking about. My amendment
to the amendment goes with it as a matter of
course.
Mr. BOREM AN. Is the motion in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senate has voted
upon that question to-night and refused to lay
it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Since then
a new amendment has been moved.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is it in order to renew
the same motion over again?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is as often
as there are new amendments.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understood that on this
precise amendment a vote was taken to lay on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A vote was
taken on the motion to lay the amendment of
the Senator from Arkansas on the table; but
the Senator from Ohio has since moved an
amendment to that amendment, and now the
question is on laying that on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. To lay the whijle on the
table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That carries
the other with it.
Mr. BOREMAN. That carries with it also
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that is the intention of the Senator frora
Ohio.
Mr. HILL. I inquire if it is in order to
move to lay the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order.
Mr. HILL. As a distinct proposition?
