856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
tials neglected, many dyes and colors more
brilliant and fully as lasting as his. Whatever
our tfpinion of him may be, there is, however,
no doubt of his opinion of us. Whether wear-
ing a hat surmounted by the right kind of a
button, and nearest to the throne, or a boat-
man, so poor and low that he was born, raised,
lives, and will die on a raft on some canal or
river, because too poor to pay the tax, as occurs
with hundreds of thousands of them, he regards
us all with ingrained, ineradicable contempt
and hatred as an inferior race of odious, mis-
chievous, and ridiculous barbarians.
There is a gentleman now, I believe, in this
city v/ell acquainted with China and the Chi-
nese, and also familiar with the neighboring
Asiatic nations, who visited all the members
of the Burlingame mission when here. In
answer to the remark made at the lime, that
when its Chinese members, coming by way of
California and traveling the width of the Uni-
ted States, should have visited all the capitals
of Europe and witnessed the marvels of Cau-
casian and Christian civilization, a great and
favorable impression must be produced on their
minds, he gravely shook his head and said
that from his knowledge of Chinese character
he was satisfied that the opinion, even of the
traveled individuals, on questions relating to
us and our civilization, &c., would remain
unchanged ; that they would only chuckle at
having outwitted the barbarians, or having
enlarged their personal knowledge of the
means of so doing; that to expect any per-
manent or beneficial result from that mission
was a delusion; that the hostility of the Chi-
nese, from the highest of their literati down
to the mob and rabble, toward foreigners of
all descriptions was only restrained by fear,
and whenever that restraint was removed their
innate hatred would break out in violence and
untold cruelties; that the learned, through pol-
icy and on principle, instead of attemp:ing to
modify the antipathy which they shared with
the illiterate, secretly fostered that feeling, as
weli as the prejudices of the vulgar, in which
they were too enlightened to openly partici-
pate; that the last thing the ruling classes
desired was the establishment of railroads, tele-
graph lines, the working of coal mines, &c.,
as we fondly and perhaps foolishly conceived,
or any change which would raise and improve
the condition of the Chinese masses to the
level of our civilization, if that were possible,
because the attempt would prove the source
of increased anarchy, and if practicable at all
would be adverse to and destructive of then-
class interests and supremacy.
_ In fact it appears now that this famous mis-
sion was merely a pageant and show, without
any significance, gotten up by the intrigues of
an Englishman and an Irishman for speculative
purposes, to which the Chinese were persuaded
by golden arguments and a vague idea that it
would enable them to temporize and play off
one set of foreigners against another, for they
have no partialities for or belief in any.
A custom-house had been established and
run by the Englishman, from the proceeds
of which the expenses of the mission were
defrayed, and in addition moneys remitted
to the imperial coffers at Pekin, which would
not have reached there under native manage-
ment, and which induced them to consent to
this experiment. Mr. Burlingame was selected
first, because he was a countrymau of Ward,
who had rendered immense services to the im-
perialists in checking the Tae-Ping rebellion,
and whom the Chinese regard as the greatest
warrior that ever lived, and whom they call
"a pigtail war-man number one"—it. being
remember* d tLal the Chinese, peihups sensi-
bly, have very liitie respect for the military
anyhow. All the foreign ministers in China
endeavored to thwait arid depreciate Ward
except Burlingame, from whose successes he
derived prestige and influence. Secondly,
while the British and French of late years had
been engaged in hostilities, which resulted in
so much humiliation to the Celestial Empire,
and the Russians had stripped it of territory
on the Amoor river, the Americans had done
neither; and Burlingame was an American.
Mr. Burlingame's services were easily se-
cured, and one of the contrivers of the opera-
tion, Mr. Brown, the Irishman, and then sec-
retary of the British legation, resigned to enter
the Chinese mission. He subsequently suc-
ceeded Mr. Burlingame.
Another curious and abominable fact may be
stated. After the Chinese mission left, and
When it was passing through our country, it
appears that a great drought prevailed in China.
After having appealed to the wooden and other
gods of their pagan country, and still without
avail, the emperor, " the holy son of heaven,''
in order to propitiate their principal deity,
Tien-tan, "the eminence of heaven," as they
call it,, ordered the sacrifice of a virgin. This
order was carried out, and the poor victim
was immolated to satisfy the low, dirty, and
heathenish prejudices of that degraded race.
By the late accounts I learn that this grand
humbug, much reduced in its proportions, and
consisting only of Mr. Brown and two man-
darins, has drifted back to China, Brown to
take shelter under the English flag, and the
mandarins, at the bidding of their emperor,
the " holy son of heaven," as they call him,
to commit hari-kari in all probability, and fol-
low poor old Kaying, who, on the Peiho, held
council with Reid and Count Patiatin, and
who, because his negotiations were not suc-
cessful, had to take his own life. The civil-
izing influence of this grand humanitarian
event, celebrated with such flourish of trum-
pets, such eloquent speeches, and toasted in
such oceans of champagne, took its first devel-
opment in the Tien-Tsin massacre.
I will read the following letter from Chee-
foo, dated June 20, 1870, and published at the
time ; premising first by remarking that this
early account has been abundantly and lncon-
trovertibly confirmed in still more harrowing
details; secondly, by stating that its prin-
cipal victims were the Sisters of Mercy, or
Charity, of whom it may be said that up to
the perpetration of that great Chinese crime
no man had ever been found to harm, how-
ever brutal or prejudiced, whether civilized,
barbarian, or savage. The guillotine of the
French Jacobins, especially sharpened against
all taint of religion, had no edge for the Sisters
of Mercy. The most ferocious criminals of the
galleys, dead to all other influences, softened
to them ; the Indian, who knew no compas-
sion or mercy for any, dropped his scalping-
knife before them. After telling how the
French consul, M. Fontanier, M. Thomasin,
an attach^ of the consulate, and his wife,
and two Catholie priests were murdered, the
letter proceeds to give details of the sanguinary
sequel to these crimes:
"The Wretched fimthtof theSistcnofC'inritu.—The
mob,, led on by soldiers, sot lire to the consulate and
the church of the Catholic mission, and burned a Utile
other inmates who could iint cscape. tiimult.ineou^v
with the assault on the French eoriMilute the mob
and soldier? surrounded the hospital of the French
Sisters of Charity. Having set fire to a portion of
the building, they entered the gates and dragged all
the Sisters of Charity out into the street. There they
stripped them naked, exposed thorn to the public
gaze, pluckod out their eyes, cut off their bre<i.-is
ripped them open, dragged out their hearts, arid de-
liberately cut them to pieces, and divided portions
of their flesh among the infuriated mob. No Eu-
ropean witnessed the outrages on humanity save the
poor viotinis, who, in presence of eueh other, passed
through tue terrible ordeal, and perished without
hope oi release, and wiihout any support in that
extreme hourot misery and torment save their con-
fidence in a merciful God whose behests they hnve
endeavored to tulftll among a barbarous people at
the peril of their livo «. Obiueso fcpcctutoi* oi tho
bioody scenerela to other honors perpe'rstted on the
innocent ladie.s iha! cannot be mentioned. The lady
feiiperiores* ol the ho&pitai, >t U related, wa,; cut \u
twain while yet alive. God alone and the Si.-fcrs
knew what they endured of agony and bodilv sulfei-
mgs. 'iheir modesty outraged, their purity
their poor frail frames turn asunder, their blood
scattered, and their lives destroyed whose
murderous rage inflicted all thc e audothcrouinse*
amid a scene of horror that alone would be terrible
to encounter. One short hour sufficed to extinguish
those noble martyrs of charity. Their labor of Jove
among the poor of Tien-Tsm for six years was thus
crowned in bitterness and earthly shame by thevery
people whom they had succored and fed and clothed,
and tended in the hour of sickness and pestilence.
" JJurnuig of the Orphans Alive.—No sooner had
the mob and the soldiers glutted their thirst lor
huma.n blood on the unfortunate Sisters than they
burned the entire hospital. Nearly one hundred
children who had been rcccived into the orphan-
age attached to the hospital perished in the flame;".
The mutilated members of the dead Sisters were
thrown into the burning ruins, and thus, together
with the little children they weie charitably nur-
turing:, was the holocaust completed.
"How Mr.and Mrs. ProtopopojF ica e Killed.—Such
a tale of horrors would suthee, but more still remains
to be told. Mr. N. lhotopopoff,.i Russian luciohtuit,
with his wile, to whom he had only be^n matrif'd
two days, was met in the town of Tien-Tsui l_o ihe
same iniari.ucd mob and soldiery, and attacked
with spears and sword.-. Mr. Protopopoff Ml id-
most immediately, and was cruelly murdered. IIi^
wife, who was on a spirited horse, lied for her life,
but beinff repulsed on the road turned back and
attempted 10 leap an open sewer in the town. She
fell with her horse, but extricating herself hid for a
few minutes in the sewer, until she was dragged out
and killed by the mob. The bodies of these two
Russians weie thrown into the sewer, and after-
ward recovered by their friends."
It has since been shown abundantly that this
horrid massacre, so near the capital, (Tien-Tsin
being the port, of Pekin,) was aided and abetted
by the cffie>als ; that, as far as possible, they
screened its investigation and hid its terrible
particulars; that no nationality was spared;
and that it was perpetrated under a vague im-
pression of impunity, because France was at
war, and that the Christian Powers were quar-
reling with each other.
The same letter which tells of the arrival of
Brown and his pet mandarins, whom, like
Paddy, he u surrounded,'' informs us that on
the day that Admiral Hodgersand ex-Secretary
Seward arrived at Tien-Tsin, either through
fear that the admiral would turn his guns upon
the accursed place, or by way of welcome and
entertainment for the two distinguished gentle-
men, the emperor had sixteen Celestials, sub-
ordinate officials, beheaded. In imagination!
behold Mr. Seward as the crimson jets spouted
from the headless trunks. What a welcome for
the old man ! What a horrid sight; butnothing
compared with the massacre of Tien-Tsin 1
I am not one of those who believe that, the
Chinese are all festering in filth and addicted
to disgusting practices. I am aware that some
of their people have the refinement of cleanli-
ness and politeness to a fastidious degiee. I
do not condemn them merely because they eat
rats and puppy dogs ; that is a matter of gas-
tronomic taste. If by invading us and coming
to_ our shores they only curtailed the ranks
of the pup2">ics in our country and devoured
all our rats I would consider this no evil in
and of itself. But, in the im mense population,
so poor, degraded; and densely congregated,
there exist forms of crime and immoralities
unknown, as yet, to the lowest depths of ouv
Caucasians. I quote touching the city of
San Francisco:
Statement by a deputation, fi wn the Anti-Cwti<-
ctafiori., rpzpecfinrr thf> living and lodging nf th  Ch>
ve$e inhabitants of lhi3 citu; respect/ally svbnuVcd to
the board of health, July 5, 1870.
"We would call the attention of your honorable
"board to the shocking condition of'the living and
lodging of the Chinese inhabitants of this city" ' Vr
puzzles us to describe if.
- " ^or(Cte.—As many as two or three hun-
dred or the^c vf retched creatures lodge at ln^ht m
one house. Some houses Invefive hundred l'^l--rl,
other* a thousand, and one buiidmg, oalleiMh^
t/lobo Hotel ' a three-story buildup, co in or oi
.Uupont and Jackson streets, standing on a. pieco '"f
ground sixty feet square, holds twenty-fiv-o hundred.
, AH the way from the basement lo tho ioof of a
uwclhag bunks ;ihmu, thes-zo of cite are it'ted u  •
turns a 'iigiith lod^ u\
ino giuund i.'mc.ith their heus.-; is burrow.-I
emn under the stieet. Whei >ver a spac e:m ho
buriov/ul or M-ooped out tiuw would admit a eoilm,
there 11 lodger m;iv he immd at n\ght.
Sh>j!p, o are mrtnv siibterra-
nenri hails, accessible by secret passages known only
to .-ninamen, where gpmblins is going on night and
Utiy; also, other dark dens there are where crimes
w-ii .caiH10^ be named are habitually committed,
witiim these subterranean caverns are places to
