1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But it car-
ries both. One is an amendment to the amend-
ment. Both go on the table if the pending
amendment, does.
Mr. McDONALD. Then I hope that will
not be done. I hope the friends of the prop-
osition will stand by it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to lay the amendment on
the table.
Mr. BLAIR demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to state that Mr.
Bayard is paired with Mr. Trumbull. Mr.
Bayard would vote in the negative and Mr.
Tbumbull in the affirmative.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to state that the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurmast] is paired
with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds.] The Senator from Ohio, if here,
would vote "nay" and the Senator from Ver-
mont would vote "yea."
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 23,
nays30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham, Cat-
"tell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howell, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprngiio, Stewart, Thayer, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Borcman. Casserly,
Davis, J?lanagan, Jfowl&r, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hams, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCrcery,
McDonald, Miller, Morton, Pratt. Revels. Rice, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer,
Stockton, Tipton, Vickers, and Warner—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron, ,
Carpenter, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert, How-
ard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pool, Schnrz,
Stearns, Sumner, Thuiman, Trumbull, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Yates—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move now to lay the Army
appropriation bill on the table.
Mr. Til AYER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. COLE. It is very evident we cannot
make any progress 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. THAYER. Let us finish one bill at a
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator from
California would state the reason why he moves
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. COLE. In order that we may proceed
with the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. THAYER. Wo might as well finish
this bill now that it is before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations desire that this
shall be done ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 23. noes 29.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may now have a
vote on this question. I suppose there is no
other w^y to dispose ftf it. I hope we can
have a vote without further discussion. I do
mot know any Senators who desire to discuss
it further. This question has been discussed
over and over again in the Senate during the
last four or five years. No new light can be
shed upon it. ["Vote!" "Vote!"]
Mr. RICE. If no one else wishes to discuss
it I will not, and will yield the floor ; but if
there is to be any further speaking I have
something to say.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I wish to read
an extract from a decision of the Supreme
Court that will utterly controvert the legal
principle which was propounded with so much
confidence by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
[Edmunds] to the Senate. His position was
that the Supreme Court had decided that all
the people of the rebel States were to be treated
as alien enemies, and he admonished the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] that if he had
been as attentive in reading the decision of
that court as he had been in reading the Tri-
bune he would have known that that legal
principle had been so ruled by the Supreme
Court.
Now, Mr. President, I will just read a short
extract from the decision of the Supreme
Court in the case of Texas vs. White, ren-
dered in 1868, one of the most recent decisions
of this court, involving that question. The
court say :
" When, therefore, Texas became one of the Uni-
ted States she entered into an indissoluble relation.
All the obligations of perpetual union and all
the guarantees of republican government in the
Union attached at once to the State. The act which
consummated her admission into the Union was
something more than a compact; it was the incor-
poration of anew member into the political body:
and it was final. The union between Texas and
the other States was as complete, as perpetual, and
as indissoluble as the union between the original
States. There was no place for reconsideration or
revocation, except through revolution or through
consent of the States.
" Considered, therefore, as transactions under the
Constitution, theordinancc of secession, adopted by
the convention and ratified by a majority of the citi-
zens of Texas, and all the acts of her Legislature
intended to give effect to that ordinance, wore abso-
lutely null. They were utterly without operation in
law. The obligations of the State, as a member of
the Union, and of every citizen of the State, as a
citizen of the United States, remained perfect and
unimpaired. It certainly follows that the State did
not cease to be a State, nor her citizens to be citizens
of the Union. If this were otherwise, the State
must have becomc foreign, and her citizens foreign-
ers. The war must have ceased to be a war for the
suppression of rebellion, and must have become a
war for conquest and subjugation.
"Ourconclusion therefore is that Texas continued
to be a State, and a State of the Union, notwith-
standing the transactions to which we have referred.
And this conclusion, in our judgment, is not in
conflict with anj; act or declaration of any depart-
ment of the national Government, but entirely in
accordance with the whole series of such acts and
declarations since the first outbreak of the rebel-
lion."—7 Wallace's Resorts, page 726.
Mr. President, the Government treated the
rebels as belligerents, but never as foreigners.
It never treated any citizen of the rebel States
in any other character than as a citizen of the
United States. It never treated any of the
States of the Union in any other character
than as parts of the United States. It never
adopted or assumed the absurd position that
the States were to be regarded as foreign ter-
ritory and the citizens of those States as alien
enemies. It treated the States as portions of
the United States. It treated every citizen of
every State as a citizen of the United States,
but as a citizen in a state of rebellion, a bel-
ligerent, not a foreigner. The Supreme Court
never adopted the absurd position that all the
people of the southern States, without regard
to the question and the fact whether they ad-
hered to the Union and opposed the rebellion
or supported the rebellion, were to be regarded
as foreigners, as alien enemies, as a people
that had no rights whatever under the Con-
stitution of the United States. The court, in
the case from which I have read, expressly re-
pudiates that doctrine. I simply rose to read
this extract from the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of The
State of Texas vs. White, delivered in 1868.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, I wish
to correct a remark which was made use of by
the Senator from Ohio. The Senator from
Ohio says that the loyal people of the South
will establish their claims by perjury. I can-
not sit quietly in ray seat and allow the peo-
ple thus to be maligned.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from South
Carolina will allow me to say that what I said
was that people by perjury would prove them-
selves loyal citizens. I did not say that loyal
citizens would establish their loyalty by per-
jury. I have no more doubt of the fact that I
stated than I have that I stand here. Thou-
sands of people will prove themselves to be
loyal under this proposition who really aided
our enemies in the war.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will say to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio that the people of
the South, as a people, were not responsiSile
for this war. They were led into this war by
their political leaders. They went into it think-
ing they had a right to do so. They fought in
it as bravely and as honorably as the men who
fought against them. I, for one, cannot .sit
here quietly and allow the honesty and veracity
and honor of the people of the South, as a
mass, to be impugned. As a people, they are
as honorable and brave as the people of Ohio
or the people of any other State.
In addition to that, a great many of the
southern people, particularly in the border
States, Alabama,Tennessee, and a part of North
Carolina, entered the Union Army and fought
in its ranks. Are those men, who fought in
the Union Army, who left their old parents at
home, to be discarded because they happened
to be born'in the South? If that is the judg-
ment of the Senate, I wish the country to be
acquainted of that fact.
Why, sir, the fourteenth amendment makes
a discrimination between the loyal and disloyal
people of the South. I think the whole legis-
lation of Congress points to a difference between
the loyal and the disloyal people. Who were
loyal and who were disloyal in the South is a
matter of public notoriety there. I desire the
loyal people of the South to be put in precisely
the same status in regard to their claims as the
loyal people of the North. Until that is done
I am sure there never can be that proper feel-
ing toward this Government among that class
of loyal people which ought to exist. How
does the Senator from Ohio expect to build up
a loyal sentiment in the South if he repudiates
every loyal man who lived in the South during
the war? How does the Senator from Ohio
expect to increase the ranks of the Republican
party in the South in that way ? Sir, many
movements of this sort will have a tendency to
drive away from the Republican ragks the loyal
men of the South, instead of augmenting their
number.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to ask the Chair
what amendment is pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] striking
out the last clause of the amendment moved
by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Mc-
Donald.]
Mr. CORBETT, Is it in order, to perfect
the original amendment, to insert any words
in it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an
amendment to perfect the original amendment.-
No amendment is now in order to strike from
the original amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. But is it in order to add
words to the original amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
now in order. The amendment of the Senator
from Ohio must first be acted upou.
Mr. CORBETT. Before this question is
disposed of I should like to amend the original
amendment by inserting the word "active"
before the word "loyal.,r The Senator from
South Carolina says that many southern men
were in the Union Army; that many of them
were good, active Union men. I should like
to provide for those men and to pay their
claims; but the question is, who are the loyal
men of the South? The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] says that the Government
of the United States was bound to protect all
men in the South. The Senator from Missouri
must be aware of the fact that the officers of
the Government at that time were chiefly, or
many of them, men who were afterward en-
gaged in the rebellion. They were here for
the purpose of overthrowing this Government,
putting the knife to its throat. They scattered
our Navy and sent it to the four quarters of
