1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
ing amnesty and pardon which President John-
son, on Christmas, 1868, issued to the rebel
people of the United States not under indict-
ment. Is that correct? Why, sir, we had
under consideration before we had the pleas-
ure of the presence of my friend from Wiscon-.
sin here this very question. That proclama-
tion was called for by a resolution of the Sen-
ate; the President sent it here ; it was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary for consid-
eration as to the right and the power of the
President to exercise that faculty and that
function; and that committee unanimously re-
ported (including, I believe, as well our Demo-
cratic friend from Indiana, Mr. Hendricks,
who was then a member of the committee, as
all the Republican members of it) that, the
President in issuing that proclamation of par-
don and amnesty had entirely exceeded his
powers, and that that proclamation was entirely
inefficacious to produce the result of liberation
from penalties or disqualifications that the
law had before imposed.
That report of the committee is in print and
is in the records of the Senate. I have never
heard it until now questioned; and it pro-
ceeded upon the ground that- the Supreme
Court of the United States had before settled
and determined, in 1833, that the power of the
President under the Constitution to grant par-
dons was precisely the same power that under
the English constitution existed in the English
king, and that, by the common law, as determ-
ined by a long course of decision and of ele-
mentary law-writing', was a power only to grant
a pardon to a particular person for a particular
oU'ense and nothing else, and that no person
could plead an amnesty, or a general pardon
as it is called, unless he could show that that
amnesty and general pardon was issued in
pursuance of or under the authority of an act
of Parliament, just as by the act of 1862, until
it was repealed, the President of the United
States was authorized by general proclamation
to grant pardon and amnesty. That was the
ground upon which we stood, and that is, in
my judgment, the skind ground of the law.
You cannot find, Mr. President, in the course
of English history for more than four hundred
years one instance, or more than one I think
I am safe in saying, in which any English king,
however tyrannical, however usurping he may
have been, undertook to grant general pardon
and amnesty to any class of his subjects, unless
he did it by the authority of an act of Parlia-
ment; and all he ever attempted to do was, in
the language my friend from Wisconsin read
to day, to promise in crises of public emer-
gency to belligerents or to rebels that he would
grant them a pardon ; and, if they applied for
it, a pardon to the particularindividual apply-
ing, under the great seal, should issue, and
when thus issued, naming the offense for which
it was issued and which it was intended to con-
done, that pardon under the great seal might
be pleaded by the offender when brought to
trial or when brought into question; and one
of these acts, which I hold in my hand and
which I sent for in view of the argument of
my friend from Wisconsin, illustrates precisely
wQat I have said. It is an act passed in the
time of George II, in 1747, more than one hun-
dred years ago.
This act sets forth that "the king's most
excellent majesty has shown his great inclina-
tion to mercy," &c., and ''is disposed to
grant to his rebellious subjects pardon and
amnesty," although he is very much afraid
that they have not a due sense of gratitude 1'or
it; and it then proceeds to state, "Therefore,
his majesty is well pleased and contented that
it be enacted by the authority of this present
Parliament, and be it enacted by the authority
of the same, in manner and form following,
that is to say, that all his majesty's subjects"
coming under certain definitions and descrip-
tions are pardoned for their treason and rebel-
lion. This is only one of a thousand, but it
illustrates the whole class of such acts.
I say, then, that the general pardon and
amnesty, such as that issued by President
Johnson of his own mere will and motion
on Christmas, 1868, under the English law,
under the power of a king, was exercised and
could be exercised only efficaciously by the
authority of the representatives of the three
great estates of the realm, taking the form of
an act of Parliament, and therefore having the
effect of it. But we, sir, before this proclama-
tion of 1868 was issued, took pains through,
I believe, the instrumentality of my friend
from Illinois, to repeal that clause in the act
of 1862 which permitted the President of the
United States to issue general pardons of this
description ; and then, in spite of that repeal,
the President of the United States turned
around under his claim of constitutional au-
thority, and issued that proclamation ; and
thereupon this body, through the instrument-
ality of its Judiciary Committee, took the sub-
ject under consideration, and that committee
reported to this body, I believe with universal
acceptance, upon an investigation of the sub-
ject, that that proclamation of pardon and
amnesty was totally and absolutely void; and
so general was the sense of the Senate on the
subject that it was not thought necessary to
take up and pass the resolution reported
unanimously from the committee declaring
that fact. There did not in the mind of any-
body appear then to be any question about it.
So, Mr. President, whatever may be the
views of Senators as to policy—because this is
a law, if you pass it, nothing else—whatever
may be the views of Senators as to the wisdom
of undertaking to extend to this gentleman the
right to hold an office which he did not possess
when he was elected to it, and which he does
not possess now, and of passing this act of
pardon and grace, as it really is, in favor of a
person who is notentitled to exercise the duties
of the office to which he has been elected, it
cannot be said in refusing to pass it we are
violating either the Constitution or the law.
He can only come here by force of a law that
Congress is to pass ; and if we refuse to pass
it, he is excluded fay the law just as it stood
when he was elected, and that is certainly no
hardship to him.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina give way to me for
one minute ?
Mr. SAWYER. I only want one minute
mvself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from South Carolina yield to the Senator from
Ohio?
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir; I prefer to say
now what I have risen to say, and I shall be
very brief.
I understand that during my temporary
absence from my seat allusion has been made
to the passage here of the bill to relieve from
the necessity of taking the test oath a large
portion of our southern fellow-citizens; and
it has been spoken of as a fraud upon the
Senate. Now, as my memory of that bill is
somewhat distinct, I desire to state what the
course which it took in this body was.
I had the "honor, and I consider it one, of
having introduced that bill here. It was re-
ferred on my motion to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and was reported back favorably.
On one of those occasions, at the last session
of Congress, when we were calling the Calendar
for bills that were unobjected to the bill was
called in its course and it was passed with no
dissenting voice. The attention of the friends
of the bill undoubtedly was called to it; but it
is not the custom in this body, I believe, for
the friends of a bill to oppose its passage or
to debate it before anybody else does. The
enemies of the bill, if there were such, as I
had fondly hoped there were not, did not rise
to oppose its passage, to call it in question, or
to say one word about it. I thought this a
favorable augury. I thought that those gen-
tlemen in this body who had been for a policy
which, despite all the eloquence of my friend
from Vermont on the subject, was a prescrip-
tive policy, a dangerous policy, an unwise
policy, the cardinal error of our whole system
of reconstruction, were at least disposed to give
it up. I thought those who had been enemies
of the bill were convinced of the impolicy of
their previous course. Else, why were Sen-
ators who were usually so watchful of the pub-
lic interests, as they view them, silent on this
occasion ? Why was it that those who would
thus guard the national Government were not
awake at that moment to keep those whom
they consider its enemies away from the por-
tals of the Capitol?
Mr. President, the bill was passed in the
same way that any other bill would have been
passed. And let me say to the Senator who
uttered that sentiment about its being a fraud
on the Senate that it is not a frand upon the
country, it is not a fraud upon the Republican
party, but it is the measure of all measures
which this Congress has had the honor of
adopting which is calculated to bring substan-
tial peace to this country; and that Senator
will live, I hope, long to enjoy the advantages
whieh it will bring to the country. I trust
that before a great while the country will
appreciate the value of that statute, and so far
from sympathizing with the Senator who has
just taken his seat in the desire that it should
not become a law, I trust that no malign influ-
ence at the other end of this avenue may pre-
vent its becoming a law. I trust that it may
become a law, as I am certain it will be recog-
nized as one of the wisest measures of this
Administration.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I must
say a few words in reply to the Senator from
Vermont.
I said that I was willing to censure, nay,
that 1 would move to censure a member of
the Judiciary Committee who affirmed that
this joint resolution was not reported by the
vote of a majority of that committee. The
Senator from Vermont attributes to me the
statement that I would move to censure him
if he told to some brother Senator in private
what passed in committee; and he would not
allow me to correct his statement. I said
nothing of that kind ; I intimated nothing of
that kind. It is not because a Senator may
have told to a brother Senator what passed in
the committee that I would hold him to be
censurable; but it is when he states what is
untrue that I will censure him. And whoever
does say that this joint resolution did not
receive the votes of a majority of that com-
mittee states what is untrue.
That is the reason for my remark. It was
because such a statement is an imputation
upon the chairman of the committee who re-
ported the measure, and upon every member
of the committee, whose duty it was to rise and
state to the Senate that the report was im-
properly made if such were the fact. Not
one of them did so; and if any one of them,
instead of taking the responsibility upon this
floor of asking that the resolution be recom-
mitted to that committee, goes mousing about,
whispering in the ears of Senators that this
thing comes surreptitiously before the Senate
without the recommendation of a majority of
that committee, he does deserve to be cen-
sured.
Now, Mr. President, one word more. The
Senator from Vermont was pleased to make a
speech—if I may say it without disrespect—
savoring very much of the stump upon the use
of the word " prescriptive" by me. I thought
the Senator was quite learned enough to know
that the word " prescriptive" is not necessarily
even an offensive word ; that there is such u
thing as just proscription and unjust proscrip-
tion. Will he find some other word in the
language by which to characterize this very
legislation that disqualifies these men but the
word "proscription?" But he defends the
