358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
in agriculture or manufacturing pursuits than'
they had ever dreamed of before. The capi-
talist has the further security, that of the
reliability of the labor. He makes his bar-
gain with responsible contractors, not with the
individual Chinese. The contractors furnish
so much labor at such a contracted price. You
will show that Chinese laborer in vain that, as
a legal proposition, a contract made in China
does not bind him to labor here under its
terms; you may frame any laws you please
to fortify him in his free agency; yon may
point out where he can better himself; but he
will not leave an employer who has hired and
holds his service through what he deems a
proper agency—and any Chinese agency is
proper with him—because that Chinese serf, as
he is for the time, in all the glare of your free
institutions, is trammeled by ties and preju-
dices and bonds that bind his heart and his
future to the land he has left, and to which he
aspires, dead or alive, to return, leaving his
curse when he departs, whether from life or
from your shores, on you and all your forms
and dignities and institutions, which he so
cordially and implacably detests and despises.
In thus superseding the white labor it will make
110 matter to the capitalist who suffers so he
gains ; nor whether rude strength or imitative
dexterity be required in the employment.
Chinese labor is no longer an experiment.
California, the New England States, New York,
Alabama, Delaware, Georgia, and New Jer-
sey, the valley of the Mississippi, all testify on
this point. It has proved successful in all the
forms in which it has been tested. Directed
and instructed by the brajn and knowledge of
a few Caucasians, a hundred Chinese can per-
form every operation more cheaply than the
white man can, to say nothing of the lazy, child-
ish, and uncertain negro. We have, therefore,
an immense demand, equaling that of the chief
part of the labor of the country. We have next
an unlimited supply of Chinese, willing to come,
even to the period when their wages will be
reduced to one third the amount they earn now,
(and let me say that our capitalists will reduce
it to that at the earliest possible moment they
can get the Chinese in their power-—this is
their ultimate aim and end,) and, at one third,
it will be very far below the point where any
Caucasian men without families could possibly
lceep soul and body together.
It is estimated, I believe, in the carrying
trade, that every ton of a ship's measurement
will carry a passenger and his food for a long
voyage. Thus one million tons of shipping
would transport one million passengers. There
are nearly eight million tons of British and
about four million tons of American shipping,
besides a large amount of other foreign ship-
ping. All shipping, irrespective of patriotism
or principle has always been employed by its
owners wherever freights are to be obtained,
since the time when the Mayflower shipped
the first cargo of negroes here, and before
that time, and down to the present and to
the last, slavers ran into Cuba which it was
charged were fitted out and owned in New
England. Whether it be true, I know not;
but I would not say it is not true. Rut paddle-
wheel and first-class steamers would make four
or five trips, propellers three or four, and sail-
ing craft two, annually, between our shores and
China. The patient Chinese passengers, who
even on shore at home are packed like her-
rings in a barrel, would only be limited by the
weight of the man to about one hundred and
twenty pounds weight of food and water per
month of passage. Take this basis and only
one half the tonnage in the carrying trade, and
consider the number of trips in a year, and
then you can comprehend why I talk about
millions of passengers.
It is said, on the other hand, that the price
of labor, like water, will find its level. That
the Chinese, so acute in every trade, have a
keen sense of what their laboi is worth. That
they will soon luai   to protect themselves by a
vote—(I hope our laborers will improve this
maxim.) And again, we are told that we need
not fear them politically, because none of them
intend to, or would be induced permanently
to, settle here. Most of these allegations, even
where seemingly contradictory, are true ; but
yet do not affect the bearings of the question.
It is true that the Chinese wants to get as much
for his labor as he can, but the condition of his
employment is underselling or underbidding
the white artisan, or laborer. When he has
driven him out of competition then comes
the competition of Chinese and Chinese,—rat
eat rat—then down comes the price even of
Chinese labor. This is what the capitalists
desire, and the result will be the Chinese
agents or contractors will compete, and labor
will come down to within a few cents a day
of the wages in China. This will be a joyous
time for capitalists; and by this time our work-
ingmen will be where Saul found his father's
asses—nowhere. They will have starved to
death, they and their families, many of them.
Again, though he may not permanently dwell
among you, though he would rather return to
the Celestial Empire to be bambooed by order
of an official of sufficient rank, than sit a Sena-
tor in the United States Senate beside the
honorable Revels, he will doubtless soon find
that a vote may be the equivalent of a per-
quisite. So finding, he will be directed by
the honest capitalist, his employer, when and
how to vote, and how to obtain the perquisite.
Then if there were several important elections
coming off, he might make more by voting,
in a few years, than all his progenitors have
earned since the last Tartar invasion. He
would do it, for he has no conscientious scru-
ples. It is already a common remark that
the rich are getting richer, and the poor are
getting poorer. It is true, too. Our exces-
sive and corrupt taxation and governmental
mismanagement have filled the air with sinis-
ter mutterings. Already capital and labor,
whose interests, well understood, should move
hand in hand, are distrustful of each other.
And this Chinese immigration and importa-
tion, unless you take order, I warn you now,
sooner or later, perhaps sooner than later,
will beget a fatal war between labor and
capital.
In our young Republic,while, generally speak-
ing, none are very poor and none extravagantly
rich, we have some exceptions to this rule.
We have capitalists whose fortunes are counted
by tens of millions, some reckoned as high as
twenty, forty, fifty, and a few as high as sixty
million dollars. This is exclusive of vast sums
owned by gigantic railroad corporations and
monopolies. Chinese merchants themselves
may and probably will accumulate vast for-
tunes. Why not? Why not, as well as the Ger-
man, John Jacob Astor; the Frenchman,
Stephen Girard ; or the Scotch-Irishman, A.
T. Stewart? Letus suppose that A.T. Stewart,
William B. Astor, or Vanderbilt, each esti-
mated to be worth about sixty million dollars,
were so inclined, what would prevent each of
them from bringing over in two or three years
a million of Chinese laborers and artisans to
cultivate corn and wheat; tobacco, sugar, and
cotton; to raise horses, cattle, and swine?
They could do this work cheaper with Chinese
labor than our farmers can possibly do it.
They could undersell and, with the vast num-
ber of laborers, they could and would regulate
the market, and would literally force our farm-
ers to come to their terms or quit their busi-
ness. The same is true if they invested in
manufacturing; they could control everything.
In another view of the case what is the result ?
Each million of Chinese laborers represents
four millions of our population, when we take
into account the families of our laboring men
which they have to feed and clothe. Thus, each
million of imported Chinese, for they do not
bring families with them, deprives four mil-
lions of our own people, our own kindred, our
own race, our own Christian men, women, and
children of their daily bread, of clothes to wear
and work to do to earn the same. In view of
this infamous Chinese influx it behooves the
laboring classes to send up that simple petition
to the throne of grace, " Give us this day our
daily bread." To enhance the gains of cap-
italists and moneyed corporations _ our own
people are driven to poverty, destitution, to
despair and to the grave!
It may be argued that similar fears have been
entertained that labor-saving machines would
reduce the number of operators, that the con-
struction of railroads would render obsolete
the breeding of draught-horses, that the re-
moval of prohibitory duties would ruin certain
industries ; whereas the result has proved ex-
actly the reverse. It may be said that there
is no more reason in dreading that Chinese
immigration will supersede white labor than
there was in the fear once entertained that
European immigrantlabor would prove ruinous
to that of the native American, whereas its
general effect was to raise him from a hewer
of wood and drawer of water, and from the
condition of one who worked with his hands to
that of one who worked with his brains and
employed the muscle of a foreigner until the
latter, having garnered means and experience
employed in his turn a newcomer in a similar
apprenticeship, a process which resulted bene-
ficially to all individuals concerned and to
the prosperity of the country at large.
It is urged, too, that cheap labor is a boon,
that it gives rise to increased production and
new industries, that if we only had the labor
cheaper than in Europe the unlimited quan-
tity of coal, iron, and other metals, the fertil-
ity of our soil, the variety of our climate, and
our intelligence, would afford a good competi-
tion to the iron-workers, the manufacturers and
producers of all the main staples, as well as to
the ship-builders and carriers of the world.
In reply to the first argument, let me say
we can find no analogy between the precedents
cited and the question before us. The colossal
proportions of the Chinese question forbid it.
There are contrivances by which you provide
against the freshets of a stream or river, or
even against devastating inundations—none
by which you can provide against the upheaval
of the ocean and its tidal waves raised by extra-
ordinary convulsions of nature. If the popu-
lation in China increased only half the ratio
of our own, in two years that increase would
amount to the whole number of the American
people. There are now grown and able-
bodied men, more in number than all the
artisans and laborers, white and colored, in
the United States, who would hardly be missed
in China, but who would leave their own
crowded country for their country's good, per-
haps, and who would be willing and eager to
come and work here at one third of the usual
wages, if they could get no more. • There is
enough of them to drive all working-men,
except a percentage of instructors and over-
seers, from every avocation, reducing them
to beggary and starvation, and in thousands
and tens of thousands of cases there would be
no alternative; starvation would be inevitable,
and death would close the scene.
With regard to white artisans and laborers
as well as small capitalists and farmers becom-
ing employers of Chinese, they would have no
more chance than the poor man in the piny
woods of Florida had of owning a sugar plant-
ation. Capital, large capital, is the requisite
for obtaining and retaining cheap and reliable
Chinese labor. To import a Chinaman and
bring him to the field of labor and instruct him
in that labor costs as much as a negro did a
generation ago. One, two, or three negroes
might die or run away or prove worthless, and
thus ruin a poor owner. He who had a hun-
dred or more was insured by the average
against such accidents, and was sure to get his
outlay and his profits out of their labor. The
same is true of the Chinese, for it is only
slavery after all.
