1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
proscription on the ground that it is just pro-
scription ; and is he to make a speech here for
the purpose of exciting party feeling in the
Senate, or for the purpose of showing his gifts
in the way. of'denunciation and the extreme
loyalty by which he is moved upon such a
slight text as the word "proscription?" No,
sir. Certainly I have thought'this an impolitic
proscription; certainly I have always avowed
it to be so ; and the Senator's-learning might
have told him that he himself considers it
proscription, but he considers it just.
Now, sir, this is all I-have to say upon this
subjeet. I should not have said one word
about it but for this matter that has thus been
brought in by which Senators have been ar-
raigned, first as having passed a bill by fraud,
by which, ne^t, the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate is arraigned as having represented
to the Senate that a majority of that commit-
tee are in favor of this resolution when in point
of fact there was no such majority.
Mr. CHANDLER, (at six o'clock and six-
teen minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 23, noes 29.
Mr. HOWB. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to debate this question, but simply to state
what my own vote will be upon it, and in very
few words why I shall vote upon it in that way.
Consistently with my views, views often de-
clared heretofore upon this floor, I have but
very little difficulty in determining how to vote
on this measure. The purpose of the resolu-
tion or bill I understand to be to enable a gen-
tleman who has been elected by a State clothed
with the authority to elect a Senator to take
an oath which he can take, can truthfully take,
and.to relieve him from the obligation of taking
an oath which the Constitution never required
him to take, but which a statute has declared
he must take. I have often had occasion to
say that I never could justify that statute which
prescribed what you call the test-oath upon
my views of the Constitution.
So often as the question has been presented
here, as it was in the case of Mr. Thomas, who
was elected a Senator from the State of Mary-
land, I have been obliged, in allegiauce to my
own views of the Constitution, to say that that
statute was void. I did suppose that when
the Constitution was originally framed, and
when it declared what qualifications a Senator
must have, it was the purpose of that clause to
divide all the people of the United States into
two classes, one of which might be eligible,
might be elected, the other of which could
not be elected to the Senate. That was my
idea about it, and I did suppose that when the
Constitution declared that a man to take his
his seat on the floor of the Senate should swear
that he always would bear true allegiance, that
he would maintain the Constitution thereafter,
that implied that by possibility he might not
have always maintained it theretofore. But
I do not propose to repeat that argument and
reurge it now. I have had occasion to state it
when, I believe, I was almost if not entirely
alone upon the Republican side of the Senate.
I am very much gratified to know that my col-
league has affirmed this afternoon on this floor
the correctness of that view.
But, Mr. President, 1 am not now going to
attack the policy of the act of 1862, which
undertook to declare that certain parties who
were engaged in the rebellion then flagrant
should be ineligible to seats in this body or in
the other. There seemed to be a necessity, I
suppose, in the minds of Republicans, or of
loyal men at least, for some such declaration
as that. The Constitution clearly at that time
did not disqualify any of them, whatever might
be their political sentiments, however disloyal
they might be. Therefore the Legislature
undertook to speak. Very well; they said
what they chose to say. After a time, and
when every one of us knew just what had oc-
curred, what the public necessities were, what
the political necessities were, you amended the
Constitution, you summoned the people of the
United'States to put another article in ; and in
that'you undertook to^ake anew division, to
declare anew disqualifications, and to abridge,
to limit the number who might be elected to
the Senate. Knowing every necessity which
rested upon us, having the power to disqualify
just as many by a constitutional amendment
as you chose to disqualify, you drafted the
fourteenth article, which you said you put into
the Constitution.
Now, Mr. President, ought we to stand upon
a statute which still abridges the right of
States to choose members? If we find a stat-
ute on the books to-day which says that a man
shall not be elected although the fourteenth
article says he may be, what reason have we
for disregarding the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution and stand-
ing by the statute ? The exigencies were all
known; and yet here is an attempt, as it
seems to me, if we refuse to pass this act, to
keep out of the Senate a man elected by a
State, and a man who is not disqualified by
the Constitution as it was originally framed,
and is not disqualified by the Constitution as
we amended it after we knew all about the
war.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I find no
difficulty in persuading myself to vote for this
bill. I think the test-oath never ought to have
been prescribed to anybody. I vote, there-
fore, to repeal the test-oath so far as it applies
to this individual, and I would vote for the
repeal of it so far as it applied to any citizen
of the United States. Something has been
said about the character of an act recently
passed by the two Houses, which relieved
from the obligation to take this test-oath all
those whose disabilities had been removed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; those not laboring
under the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment.
Mr. HOWB. I was mistaken, then, in the
point of my criticism.
_ Mr. CARPENTER. The effect of the bill
just passed is to repeal the test-oath act as to
future cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Except those which
come under the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly; with that
exception.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is repealed as to them
already ; and this act repeals it as to persons
who have given aid and comfort but never held
any office, never came within the fourteenth
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand the point
of the criticism. I did not understand the
character of the act when it passed ; but, of
course, it'I had been here and had understood
all about the character of the act, I should
have voted for it; so that the passage of that
act was no fraud on me.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ordering the joint resolution to be engrossed
for a third reading ; upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I am paired with the hon-
orable Senator from New York, [Mr. Conk-
lixcj.] If he were here he would vote "nay,"
and 1 should vote "yea."
Mr. CARPENTER. I have paired with
the Senatorfrom Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] who
is ill and had to leave the Chamber. If he
were here he would vote "nay," and I should
vote "yea."
Mr. SHERMAN. At the request of the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] I
have paired with him. If he were here he
would vote in the negative and I should vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia [Mr. Willey] requested me to say that
he had paired with my colleague, [Mr. Pool,.]
If they were present, the Senator from West
Virginia would vote "yea" and my colleague
would vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cole, Corbett,
Davis, Fenton, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harris, Hill, Howe, Johnston, McCreery,
McDonald, Revels, Robertson. Ross, Sauisbury,
Sa"wyer, Soott, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
'•Trumbull, "Vickers, and WiIson—28.
• NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, How-
ell, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pat-
terson. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stearns, Stewart, Sumner,
and Warner—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Ferrv, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Pool. Pratt, Rice, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, Thayer, Willey, Williams, and
Yates—25.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenate now,
in accordance with its order, proceeds to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 683, author-
izing mail steamship service in the Gulf of
Mexico.
Mr. SUMNER. The order for to-morrow
at one o'clock is the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be at
one o'clock. The mail steamship service bill
is now before the Senate, under the order of
the Senate, pending which the Senator from
Massachusetts moves an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and (at six
o'clock and thirty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 13, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2490) to amend an act
entitled "An act to confirm title to certain
lands in Illinois
A bill (H. R. No. 175) to cede to the State of
Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia military
district in said State;
A bill (H. R. No. 415) confirming the title
of Nathan Boyer to certain lands in the State
of Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 1521) relinquishing to the
city of Dubuque, Iowa, whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lot
of ground in Dubuque;
A bill (H. R. No. 2372) for the relief of
certain purchasers of lands from the legal rep-
resentatives of Bartholomew Cousin;
A bill (H. R. No. 2301) granting a pension
to Louisa'P. Shellhart;
A bill (H. R. No. 2302) granting a pension
to Caroline V. Cram;
A bill (H. R. No. 2306) granting a pension
to Orson R. Willard ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2309) granting a pension
to Mary W. Ensminger ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2310) granting a pensiou
to George W. Sublett;
A bill (H. R. No. 2312) granting a pension
to Matilda Sullivan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2317) granting a pension
to Melissa Andrews ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1193) granting a pension
to Thomas J. Fiss ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1339) for the relief of
Maria Lea;
A bill (H. R,. No. 1407) granting a pension
to Mrs. Eliza Webb, widow of DanielS. Webb,
late a private in company G, eighth regiment
of Tennessee cavalry;
