1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
A bill (H. R. No. 1993) granting a pension
to Josephine Donahue;
A bill (H. R. No. 2236) granting a pension
to Mary J. Pearson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2296) granting a pens!
to William Sickles;
A bill (H. R. No. 2297) granting a pension
to Isabella Smith ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2318) granting a pension
to Abigail Dix;
A bill (H. R. No. 2319) granting a pension-
to James A. Buck;
A bill (H. R. No. 2332) granting a pension
to Sarah Gillett; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2333) granting a pension
to William Erwin.
Also, that the Senate has passed bills of the
House of the following titles with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill (H. R. No. 1630) granting a pension
to Susannah Snyder;
A bill (II. R. No. 2909) to enable J. H.
Schnell, of California, to eater and pay for a
section of public land in California for his tea
colony; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1831) to confirm the title
to the Rancho del Rio Grande, in New Mex-
ico, to the heirs and legal representatives of
the original grantees thereof.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House io the joint resolutions of the Senate
of the following titles:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 242) relative to
the steamship Meteor; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) to author-
ize the President to permit William L. Hans-
eom, late a naval constructor of the Navy of
the United States, to withdraw his resignation
of that office.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution and bills of
the following lilies, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested :
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 194) to enable
the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
Railroad Company to relocate a portion of its
road;
A bill (S. No. 548) for the relief of Bless-
ington Rutledge;
A bill (S. No. 1137) to extend the benefits
of the donation law of September 27, 1850, to
certain persons ;
A bill (S. No. 663) to extend the time for
completing a railroad between Madison and
Portage City, and giving construction to the
acts of Congress granting lands to the State
of Wisconsin to -aid in building railroads ;
A bill (S. No. 1266) to create an additional
land district in the Territory of Washington;
A bill (S. No. 1270) to create an additional
land district in Florida;
A bill (S. No. 351) granting a pension to
Olive Coombs;
A bill (S. No. 904) granting a pension to
Elizabeth A. Spurgeon;
A bill (S. No. 922) granting a pension to
Jacob B. Ciyle;
A bill (S. No. 923) granting a pension to
Leann Cox;
A bill (S. No. 936) granting a pension to
Hiram R. Rhea;
A bill (S. No. 974) for the relief of Nancy
S. Led ford;
A bill (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to
Julia Tray nor;
A bill (S. No. 1087) granting a pension to
Mnry B. Collins;
A bill (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Rox-
alana W. Sawyer;
A bill (S. No. 1240) granting a pension to
Adam D. Myers;
A bill (S. No. 1253) granting a pension to
Sarah Evans;
A bill (S. No. 1292) granting a pension to
Caroline Payne and Lydia A. McLaughlin:
A bill (S. No. 1308) granting a pension to
Julia Whistlw;
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 75.
A bill (S. No. 1309) granting a pension to
Martha J. Willey;
A bill (S. No. 1310) granting a pension to
James Coon; J..
A bill (S. No. 1311)*granting a pension to
Margaretta Becker; and
A bill (S. No. 132£f) granting a pension to
Charles O. F. Clark.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins atseventeen minutes after twelve o'clock.
Thig being Monday, the first business in order
during the morning hour is the call of States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be
introduced on leave and referred to their appro-
priate committees, and not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider. Under this call,
resolutions and memorials of State and terri-
torial Legislatures are in order for reference
and printing.
surveyor op eastport, maine.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3006) to reestablish the office of surveyor of
the port of Eastport; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
british brig isadore.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 504) authorizing
an American register to the Brilish brig Isa-
dore, owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of Newton,
Massachusetts; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
texas pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER introduced proposed amend-
ments to Senate bill No. 647, to incorporate
the Texas Pacific Railroad Company; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
washington and tjniontown railroad.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill CH. R.
No. 3007) to incorporate the Washington and
Uniontown Railroad Company of the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
protection of united states officers.
Mr. McKENZIE introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 3008) to proteet United States officers in
the discharge of their duties; which was read
a first time.
Mr. NIBLACK. I call for the reading of
that bill in full.
The bill having been read, it was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
claims of southern loyalists.
Mr. BOOKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3009) for the payment of certain claims due to
persons within the States lately in rebellion;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
mrs. q. a. williams.
Mr. PLATT introduced a bill (II. R. No.
3010) for the relief of Mrs. G. A. Williams, of
Baltimore, Maryland; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committe'e
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
protection of loyal citizens.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3011) to proteet loyal and
peaceable citizens and perpetuate the evidence
of losses sustained in the war of the rebellion.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading-of
that bill in full.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. 1 move that this bill be
rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. May I
ask the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridoe] why he makes this motion?
The SPEAKER. The question is, not de;
batable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Because the bill under-
takes to abolish all State courts and Other
institutions of the States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain any debate during the morning hour of
Monday.
On the motion of Mr. Eldridge, there
were—ayes 43, noes 96.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 143, not voting
41: as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Beck, Bird,
Booker, James Brooks. Burr, Oalkin, Conner, Cox,
Dickinson, Duke, Eldridge, Fox, Gets, Gibson,
Griawold, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Holman,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lewis, Manning,
Mayham, McCormick, McKenzie, McNeeley, Mor-
gan, Morrissey, Nibiaek, William W. Paine, Potter,
Price, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sogers, Schumaker,
Slierrod, Sloeum, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells,
Winchester, Wood, Woodward, and Young—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Allisou, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood. Ayer. Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bennett, Bethune, Bingham. Blair, Boles, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufimton, Burehard,
Burdett. Benjamin i'. Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn. Conger,
Cook, Cowles, Cullom, Degener, Dickey, Nathan F.
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Fer-
ris*, Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Fitcb, Garfield,
G.lfillan, Male, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hay,Hays, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes,Hooper, IloicU-
kiss.Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laiiin, Lash,
Lawrence, Lojran, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee, Mercur,
Ehakim H. Moore, W illiam Moore, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, New-
sham, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Halbert B. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Roots, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, John A. Smith, William J.Smith, Wortbingtoa
C. Smith, Starkweather. Stevens. StevensoD, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner, Up3on, Van Wyck,
Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whiteiey, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wolf—143.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Areell,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benton, Biggs, Bowen,
Boyd, Cake, Cleveland," Corker, Crebs, Darrall,
Dawes, Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Dox.Haight, Heflin,
Judd, Knapp, Knott, Marshall, Milnes, Jesse H.
Moore, Morey, Mungen, Packer, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Sweeney, Sypher, Taffe,
Van Horn, WilliamB. Washburn, Eugene M. Wil-
son, Winans, and Witcher—41.
So the bill was not rejected.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. GETZ. The gentleman from Alabama,
Mr. Dox, is confined to his room by-illness.
If he were here he would vote " ay."
Mr. BURR. The gentleman from Illinois,
Mr. Cr-ebs, is absent on account of sickness.
If he were present he would vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The bill was read a second time.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Why should
not this bill go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ? It seems to me that would be the
proper reference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Cons] lias moved the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the motion by striking out "Recon-
struction " and inserting "the Judiciary."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that amendment will not be agreed to.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 42. noes 89.
" Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Brooks of
New York, and Mr. Cobb of North Carolina,
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tollers report-
ed—ayes 40, noes 85.
