1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No, sir; reference is to be had to the Court
of Claims, a tribunal which resides in this
District, nowhere else, before which the ques-
tion of loyalty and every other question sub-
mitted to it is to be tried upon depositions.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask, for information, what ihe words are in
the bi 1 before the Senate which he supposes
confer any new jurisdiction ou the Court of
Claims?
Mr. CONKLTNG. Any new jurisdiction
on the Court of Claims?
Mr. HOWE. Or any jurisdiction whatever.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President; the
point is that it is the old jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, to be carried from the Poto-
mac to the Gulf, to be spread all over the
States that were in insurrection.
Mr. MORTON'. Will the Senator hear what
that language is?.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask more spe-
cifically what the words are in the bill. I ask
for information.
Mr. MORTON". I will read them. I have
here the original bill, which is extended by
this amendment to the southern States, begin-
ning "that all claims of loyal citizens in States
not in rebellion for quartermaster stores," &c.
Mr. CONKLING. "Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin let me understand the
point of his inquiry?
Mr. HOWE. My inquiry I meant to*be
this: what words there are in this bill, if it is
enacted into a law, which will enable the Court
of Claims to try a single case that it cannot
try to day?
Mr. CONKLING. If I understand the ques-
tion of the honorable Senator, it is such a
question as I would ask him if a statute, as so
many statutes have done, or a joint resolution,
referred a particular claim of his to the Court
of Claims, and somebody should propose to
amend it by inserting everybody's claims, and
then I should ask him what cause could be
tried by the Court of Claims under the amended
resolution that could not be tried under the
resolution before amendment.
Mr. HOWE rose.
Mr. CONKLING-. I hope my friend will
let me complete my answer. I think I under-
stand the question now ; let me answer it. In
that case the Court of Claims could try no
cause different in character from the one they
could try if it was liis case alone; but if the
resolution were so amended as to provide that
all other persons, with similar causes, might
go into the Court of Claims, then, as I under-
stand it, the precise change would take place
which is proposed here. Why? Because now
the residence of the claimant is a jurisdic-
tional fact; if his residence be in a State lately
in insurrection he has no standing in certain
courts for certain purposes.
Under existing law claims not so disposed
of, of kinds nominated in the statute and pre-
sented by citizens of States not in insurrection,
may be submitted to the Court of Claims or to
the Departments. The proposition is to add
to claims now recognized the claims of all
loj'al citizens residing in nine other States.
The Senator asks mewhatthedifferenee would
be. Simply the difference between the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims and of the De-
partments as it is now, excluding all claims
from those nine States, and that jurisdiction
as it will be when you have added all these
claims from the nine excluded States. My
honorable friend shakes his head. I always
know I am wrong when he shakes his head,
frequently when he does not. Now, will he
tell me my mistake ; for I want to understand
it as much as he does ?
** Mr. HOWE. I will tell the Senator where
I think it is that he makes a mistake. It is
in supposing that the act which this bill pro-
poses to extend the operation of confers any
jurisdiction whatever on the Court of Claims.
Instead of the act which it is the purpose of
this bill to extend conferring any jurisdiction
on the Court of Claims, I understand it takes
away all jurisdiction from the Court of Claims
over a certain class, let them originate where
they may, and then provides two other tri-
bunals, one the Quartermaster General and the
other the Commissary General, who are to have
a limited jurisdiction over claims arising in
loyal States; and this amendment proposes to
extend the jurisdiction of the Commissary Gen-
eral and the Quartermaster General.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us understand this.
Does the honorable Senator say that the Court
of Claims now has or has not jurisdiction of
claims arising in the States that were in insur-
rection ?
Mr. HOWE. I understand that the Court
ofClaims now has jurisdiction of claims arising
in States not in insurrection, and arising upon
contracts and upon none other, but that either
House can give to the Court of Claims juris-
diction of another class of cases, arising upon
a statute, upon a judgment, or upon any regu-
lation of an executive Department; but it can
be done only by a resolution of either House.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator, like my-
self, is only seeking after truth; therefore will
he indulge me in informing myself from him
in my own way. First, then, may I inquire
of the Senator has the Court of Claims now
jurisdiction of claims arising in States which
were in insurrection ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand the ques-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. I will repeat the ques-
tion. Does the existing jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims extend to cases coming from
States that were in insurrection?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, if they arise on con-
tracts.
Mr. CONKLING. " If they arise on con-
tracts." Take this to be so for the purpose of
the question; what, then, does the Senator
understand to be the distinction as to jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims between claims
arising in the adhering States, if I may so say,
and the States that went into rebellion?
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand that there
is any distinction so far as the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims is concerned.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator thinks,
as I understand him, that there is no discrim-
ination between loyal claimants with respect to
their residence.
Mr. HOWE. Not in the Court of Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, will the honorable
Senator be good enough to inform me as to
the Court of Claims what the purpose of this
amendment is?
Mr. HOWE. It was that question that I
wished to put to the Senator from New York.
I do not understand that it affects the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims at all.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
then, if I understand him, thinks the purpose
is to bring all these claims to the jurisdiction
of Departments.
Mr. HOWE. So far as it brings anything
to anybody's jurisdiction.
Mr. CONKLING. If that be so—and cer-
tainly it is not my argumentative duty to dis-
pute it—this proposition is more objectionable
than I supposed it was. Having entered the
Chamber after the discussion had proceeded,
knowing nothing of the amendment, I may
not understand its particular effect in detail.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator yield?
Mr. CONKLING. I will yield in a moment,
but let me in the first place set this matter right
with the Senator from Wisconsin. If the Sen-
ator is right, all of this added jurisdiction is to
be conferred not upon the Court of Claims but
upon departmental officers. Am I right in
that?
Mr. HOWE. All the jurisdiction that this
bill creates.
Mr. CONKLING. It is of that that I speak.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well. Mr. Presi-
dent, I did not suppose that was the purpose
of this amendment. Hud I supposed Bo, I
repeat that it would have been more objection-
able to me than it seemed as I understood it.
Why? Because, as I was about to say when
my honorable friend interrupted me—and I
am very much obliged to him for having done
so—the proposition as I understood it was to
submit to a tribunal, before which counsel
should be heard, to be sure, on both side's, the
decision of these questions. I was about to
comment upon the fact that although it be a
tribunal judicial in character and proceeding
by those modes found by long experience to
be searching, yet witnesses were not to be
examined in person, not to be seen or heard,
and of course not cross-examined. I thought
such a tribunal held out cause for reflection
and doubt when the question to be litigated
was the loyalty or disloyalty in the past, and
upon a far distant theater, of the parties not
to appear before it.
But now my honorable friend tells me that
these questions are to be solved, not by the
Court of Claims, but by a clerk in a Depart-
ment, or an officer of a bureau, before whom
no judicial investigation can take place, and
before whom there can be neither examination
nor cross'examination; who can by none of
the modes known to the administration of jus-
tice, judicially see, or hear, or scrutinize the
things upon which an intelligentjudgment mast
depend. Mr. President, I appeal from Philip
drunk to Philip sober, if this be so. I would
appeal from a Department to the Court of
Claims, if, as the trustee of my Government,
I had a choice of the arena in which these
claimants should contend; and therefore in
place of withdrawing the objections which I
had made and which I designed to make to this
proposition, I again thank my friend from Wis-
consin for enabling me to assign the real and
greater objections which I humbly conceive
exist.
Mr. HOWE. Now, before my honorable
friend from New York goes on to assign those
objections, will he allow me to make to him
one suggestion, and that is that this precise
jurisdiction which the bill proposes to confer
upon the Quartermaster General and tire Com-
missary General, to wit, the power to try the
question of loyalty, except as to States named
in the bill, is a jurisdiction which, from 1864
down to this time, those same officers have
exercised in reference to citizens in every other
State of the Union except West Virginia and
Tennessee, and since about 1865 they have
exercised it in reference to citizens in those
States?
Mr. HILL. Since 1806 as to Tennessee.
Mr. CONKLING. That feature would not
have escaped me. I am entirely aware that
as a part of the necessity and the methods of
the war Congress confided to those officers
the duty, comparatively safe and simple, com-
paratively free from objection, of judging, in
the case of citizens of States like Indiana and
Massachusetts and Maine, whether in truth
they were loyal or not, whether in truth they
gave aid or comfort to the enemies of the
Union. I think those are the words employed
in one of the statutes the honorable Senator
has before him.
It is no part of my purpose to consume time
unnecessarily on this question, nor is it even
a part of my purpose at this time proceed
with a methodical or deliberate discussion
of this question. Iu view, however, of the
fact to which the honorable Senator calls my
attention, let me pause a moment to remind
the Senate of one or two facts. First, in the
States which adhered to the Union compar-
atively few were the men who did give aid and
comfort to the rebellion, conspicuous were the
men who did give aid and comfort to the re-
bellion; many though they may have been, as
you can pick a black sheep from the flock, so
you could select in northern communities the
men who took part in the conspiracy to over-
throw their Government.
