360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
tract, require them to leave the country within
a reasonable time, under severe penalties. As
to those here under contract, give them three
months after the expiration thereof to quit oar
shores forever, under penalty of having their
cues cut off close to their shoulders.
[When the hour expired,
Mr. DOX said: Mr. Speaker, I hope there
will be no objection to the gentleman being
permitted to proceed and finish his speech.
Everybody who has listened must admit we
have had the presentation of very interesting
and important information. I move that he
be allowed to proceed and conclude his speech.
There waS no objection; and Mr. Muxqejt
then concluded his remarks.]
Mr. NIBLACIC, Mr. Speaker, I did intend
to submit some remarks in reference to rail-
road grants; but as the circumstances do not
appear to be favorable, and as I find I have
not. some statistical information 1 desire, I will
not at this time occupy the attention of the
House.
GOVERNOR CLAYTON, OP ARKANSAS.
Mr. DOX. If no other gentleman wishes
to be heard I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to be
heard for a few moments.
Mr. DOX. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I do not rise for the purpose of inflicting a
speech on the House at this time, but merely
to make a few lemarks in behalf of a gallant
soldier who I think has been maligned this
morning upon the floor of this House—I allude
to Governor Clayton, of Arkansas. I have
known of that gentleman, sir, for a very long
time, and living in an adjoining State, and,
comparatively speaking, but a few miles from
him, I have watched his every movement dur-
ing the dark and perilous hours of that young
sister State of ours. Governor Clayton, as L
have already remarked, was a gallant Union
officer, who served his country faithfully, and
his services have been recognized by the people
of his adopted State. Kuklux Klans, outlaws,
men who followed the army—-I do not charge
it upon the true confederate soldiers, because
I believe there were a good many gallant men
in the confederate armies; but there were out-
laws, camp-followers, and others there who do
not recognize the fact that the war is yet over,
who overran that young State of Arkansas.
Governor Clayton therefore found it necessary
to organize a militia, and if it had not been
for the organization pf that militia in the State
of Arkansas by the Legislature and Governor
Clayton the gentleman who holds a seat here
to-day would not be now drawing pay for it.
The Union men there owe everything to Gov-
ernor Clayton. He was their savior. They
could not have remained in the State if it had
not been for the organization of the State mili-
tia and the protection afforded by the forces
of the same. Hundreds upon hundreds, sir, of
Union men were killed by these outlaws and
desperadoes. We have the same class of men
in Tennessee.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the gentleman say
hundreds were killed annually in Arkansas'?
If he does, I say that it is not true. There
were some men killed there unlawfully, that
is true; bu*t that there were hundreds upon
hundreds killed annually in Arkansas I have
risen in my place to say the statement is not
true. I hat the gentleman from Tennessee
may have been informed such was the fact is
doubtless true.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
in Crittenden county, across the river from
Memphis, Union men wero killed by the
score, and it was also the same upon our side
of the river. There was not a city, town, or
county where these depredations were not
committed upon Union men.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Certainly ; take
what time you please.
Mr. ROGERS. I wish simply to say that
the statement that in every county, tovvu, and
city of the State Union men were killed by
outlaws is not true. I wish the denial to go
to the country with the statement, so that the
country may judge of the character of the
statements made by gentlemen. And I will
ask the gentleman from Tennessee if he took
cognizance of Governor Clayton's course when
he himself was in the rebel army'?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I do not intend to be personal in my remarks,
or to say anything beneath the dignity of a
member occupying a seat in this House; but
I do wish to state that whenever the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] or any
other gentleman in this House or anywhere
else, states that I was in the confederate army,
or that ever I drew a disloyal breath, he says
that which is untrue. I was the first pilot
that ever General Sherman had in my district.
I was the only man who voted the Union
ticket in my county in Tennessee. I was
arrested four different times by the confeder-
ates before I joined the Federal Army, and lay
a prisoner among them. At the request, or
rather on the advice of General Sherman and
General Hurlbut, as a protection to myself, I
joined the Federal Army as a private soldier,
and I rose through all the different grades up
to that of brigadier general. So much, sir,
for the gentleman's statement about rebels. I
have been hunting rebels, sir, ever since the
inception of that war, and that is the reason
why I could not sit still in my seat and hear
such a gallant chieftain as Governor Clayton
vilified as I thought he was.
Nov/, sir, what are the facts? The gentle-
man from Arkansas stated on the floor of the
House this morning that the new constitution
of that State disfranchised every person or
every citizen that would not vote for the adop-
tion of that new constitution. Had the gentle-
man let me alone, sir, I should not have made
more than a very few remarks. It was merely
to correct that statement, of which I made a
note at the time, that I rose. I asked the gen-
tleman if that provision was in the constitu-
tion. He said it was. I felt so confident that
it was not that I sent a page to the Library to
get a copy of the constitution, and I say, sir,
that there is not a word in it, from beginning to
end, of what has been stated by the gentleman
from Arkansas.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment to make
a remark ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. In the dis-
cussion this morning I propounded a question
to the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers]
in reference to the registry law of that State.
I was not fully advised of the provisions of
that law ; but since he answered the question
in the course of his speech, I have sent to the
Library and obtained the session acts of the
State of Arkansas for the year 1808, and, in
the eleventh section of the act providing for
the registration of qualified voters, I find this :
That no person shall bo registered who during
the late rebellion took the oath of allegiance to the
United btates, or gave bond of loyalty or for good
behavior, unless he shall show by satisfactory evi-
clence that he has kept this said oath or bond invio-
late, or that he has openly advocated or voted for
the reconstruction measures of Congress, or voted
for the constitution at the civil polls at the consti-
tutional election of 1868/'
I his, Mr. Speaker, was the law to which I
referred. It is not embodied in the constitu-
tion of the State of Arkansas, but it is a law j
now m effect in that State as a statute enacted
by the Legislature of the State of Arkansas.
Mr. ROGERS. And presumed to be con- I
stitutional. i
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Yes, sir, '
presumed to be constitutional, to be made in '
conformity with the constitution. 1 say that 1
no legislative monstrosity equal to this has !,
ever been produced in this country. A man
in the exorcise of the rights of an American
citizen, for voting against the constitution of
the State of Arkansas being thereby, under
this law, forever debarred from the right and
privilege of voting at any election in that State.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I have heard the gentleman's explanation. I
had no allusion to the question propounded by
him to the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Rogers] this morning. I was alluding to the
answer given to my question by the gentle-
man from Arkansas, wherein he stated that the
constitution of Arkansas disfranchised every
man that would not vote in favor of that new
constitution. I felt satisfied, sir, that there was
no such thing in it. I asked the gentleman to
produce it. He said I could get it. So I sent
down and got it, and there is no such thing in
the constitution.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does the
gentleman deny that the laws of the State of
Arkansas disfranchise all persons who took the
oath of allegiance to support the Constitution
of the United States, or who by military author-
ity were made to give bonds of good behavior
during the war, and who voted against the con-
stitution of the State, or against the recon-
struction acts of Congress?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. That is begging
the question, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. McCOBMICKj of Missouri. I think
not.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It is begging
the question completely.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I must
beg leave to differ with ray friend from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will read the
section. It is as follows:
"Sec. 11. That no person shall be registered who
during the )ate_rebellion took the oath of allegiance
to the United States or gave bond of loyalty or jor
good behavior, unless he shall show by satisfaetoiy
evidence that he has ever kept this said oath or bond
inviolate, or that he has openly advocated or voted
tor the reconstruction measures ot Congress, or voted
for the constitution at the civil poll3 at the constitu-
tional election of 18(58."
That is the law, sir.
Mr. McCOUMICK, of Missouri. That is
just as I read it.
Mr. SMITH, of ' Pennessee. That is a very
different law indeed from the one stated to us:
that every citizen should be disfranchised who
did not vote for the new constitution; a very
different proposition indeed.
But., Mr. Speaker, as I said, I did not rise
to make a speech. I rose only to make a few
corrections, atid to defend the character of
Governor Clayton. As I have already stated,
Go vernor Clayton has been a gallant Union
officer, and, so far as I am advised, he has
made a good Governor of the State of Arkan-
sas. He organized the militia, thereby giving
protection to the loyal citizens who had taken
up their abode in the State.
The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers]
during the last session of Congress had noth-
ing to say against Governor Clayton. I got
up then, when the gentleman was making a
speech, and asked him a few questions. I
thought he was running the Union party
down, and I got up and asked him a few ques-
tions, but when I had asked him three, he told
me he did not wish to be interrupted any more.
He has been before the people since, and has
been defeated in the late canvass, and now he
comes back the enemy of Governor Clayton.
I am not acquainted with the facts as to what
Governor Clayton has done of late. I under-
stand that there is trouble between him and
some aspirants for office, but that has nothing
to do with this question, and I do not wish to
allndo to it further.
In reference to the action of Governor Clay-
ton, to which the gentleman from Arkansas has
alluded, in the organization of the State militia
