1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to-night, and the pending question will be voted
on first. I think, without any agreement, neces-
sarily it would be voted on, subject only to suoh
delay as debate might give rise to. So if the
bill had been'laid aside and the naval or forti-
fication bill taken up, the proposition was to
take it up and consider it this evening, and
afterward this hill would come up again ; in
that event this would have been the first ques-
tion to be voted on to-morrow; and nobody
can doubt that that vote would be had except
the honorable Senator from Arkansas, who
seems really to have convinced himself that the
Appropriation Committee would strangle their
own child, put the whole Array bill to death,
in order to dodge a vote on this proposition.
I think my friend has made a draft upon his
own credulity which he is not hound to honor.
Mr. McDONALD. What I referred to was
its defeat for this session only, and I will state
to the Senator that on the test vote here to-night
we had thirty votes and within three or four of
a majority of the Senate on any proposition;
and I think there is no Senator here but what
believes there were several absent who would
vote for this proposition. I have not objected
to anything that was fair. If the Senate de-
sired to adjourn until to-morrow, I would not
have objected; but I do object to laying this
bill asid'e and to taking up any other measure.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from New
York will yield the floor, I suggest that by com-
mon consent we agree to take the vote to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock on this proposition.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, in justice to
Senators who are absent to-night, I object.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say in regard to
this matter at this stage of the session that I
think justice to the public business requires
that we should all be here, and those who are
absent are bound by what we do. It is very
important, of course, to close our business. I
am fully of the opinion that with a thin Senate
or a full Senate the result of the vote is clearly
foreseen. That is my judgment.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly it is; there is no
mistake about that.
Mr. WILSON. Whether you take the vote
to night or at twelve o'clock to-morrow, or
any other time, I believe the majority of the
Senate have already pronounced their opinion ;
and I do not believe it is the part of sound
policy for us to occupy our time here and sit
up at this late hour and peril the passageof
the appropriation bills for the sake of putting
off a vote that., do what we may, cannot defeat
the deliberate judgment of this body. I think
we had better fix a time to morrow—say at
twelve o'clock—and agree then to take the
vote when we shall have a full Senate, and that
will be more satisfactory. Everybody on all
sides ought to be satisfied to take the vote when
the Senate is full on a question so important
as this.
Mr. WARNER. I hope that will be done.
Mr. THURMAN addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to the Senator from
Ohio?
Mr. CONKLING-. Yes; I always yield to
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. Nobody expects anything
else from so amiable a gentleman. [Laughter.3
I express my acknowledgments.^ I would like
to ask the chairman who has thisbill in charge
how much is appropriated by it.
Mr. COLE.'* The Army bill?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. About twenty-seven million
dollars.
Mr. THURMAN. I would like to ask him
also how much is appropriated for the Army
in the deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. In the present bill $27,401,580,
the Senate having reduced the amount sent, to
us from the House by the sum of $825,000,
provided the amendments of the Senate are
agreed to. The amount of appropriations in
the deficiency bill for Army purposes strictly
I cannot at this moment give. It amounts, I
believe, to two or three, or perhaps four mil-
lions ; I cannot tell exactly.
Mr. THURMAN. Can my friend tell me how
much of it is for paying the expenses of the
Army at New York during the last election?
Mr. COLE. None of it, I reckon. I do not
know.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
under what bill it is provided that all that mul-
titude who were employed to control the elec-
tions in New York are to be paid. I remem-
ber that I was at New York about that time,
and that they were extremely uneasy about
their pay, and I am told that they have sold
their claims for five dollars a day at about one
dollar of present payment. I would like to
know under what appropriation bill they are
to be paid.
Mr. ABBOTT. Who?
Mr. THURMAN. The assistant marshals.
Mr. CONKLING-. I wonder where the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio has been. [Laugh-
ter.] He seems to have come in here from
outer darkness. We are discussing an amend-
ment in reference to the claims of loyal people
in the South. My honorable friend seems to
be lost in the mazes of some deputy marshals
somewhere, who seem to have been after him.
I hope they did not catch him. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Are not all those deputy
marshals that were appointed by your marshal
in New York loyal men? I want to consider
the claims of all loyal men. [Laughter.] Those
loyal deputy marshals you had in New York to
control the election there should be paid as
well as these loyal men in the South. But
now, Mr. President, badinage apart 
Mr. COLE. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr.- THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I was afraid the Senator was
going to move an adjournment. Now, after
this little diversion I think there can be no
difficulty in getting a vote on this proposition.
I think the Senator from New York has pre-
sented his side of the question so very ably
that no one can resist his argument. I agree
with him fully, and I think we might now vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say very frankly
that whatever may be the judgment of the Sen-
ate, the honojable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilsok",] who is as great a prophet as he
is a statesman, has foreclosed the whole thing ;
he has told us just how the Senate is going to
act. But as nobody has that information pre-
cisely except him (at any rate I have not) I
would rather have the Senate vote for itself
and when the Senate is here. If all would con-
sent to give their proxies to the Senator from
Massachusetts, I should consider that very safe;
but as he cannot vote for others, I should like to
have them here to vote for themselves. There-
fore I want a full vote on this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
adjourn, and I hope I can make a proposition
which will be acceptable all around.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to know who has
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York is in possession of the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I had the floor until I
yielded to the Senator from Ohio. I hope he
does not blame me for yielding to him.
Mr. THURMAN. No, certainly not; but I
really thought I had the floor and was yielding
to him.
Mr. CONKLING. I only sat down m defer-
ence to the Senator from Ohio, as I always do
when he rises.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague will yield
to me, I suppose. It is no use for us to weary
ourselves here any longer. I propose, there-
s fore, that we adjourn with the understanding
that we shall have a vote on this proposition
the last proposition, I believe, on this bill at
twelve o'clock to-morrow. The bill lias gone
through all its stages, until it is to be read the
third time. 1 suggest that we take the vote at
twelve o'clock to-morrow, at a time when every
Senator is present in his seat, and then that
we go on with the other appropriation bills,
["Good!" "Good!"]
Mr. CONKLING. I make no objection to
that, and by way of bribe to the Senate, I will
agree not to speak any further. If that does
not induce them to come to the agreement*,
there is nothing I can say that will.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I would agree that
that should be done if the Senator from New
York had not occupied the time of the Senate
so long. I will not say, for the purpose of
preventing a vote being taken to-night, because
I do not impute^any such purpose to him, but
he has made certain statements and announced
certain principles of law, and attempted to
apply those principles to this case, which I
think call for a review. When gentlemen who
are responsible for the legislation of this body
will occupy the time and attention of the Sen-
ate, I think it is only proper that those differ-
ing with them in opinion should have an oppor-
tunity to meet those positions and to answer
those arguments as they have been announced
in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Dela-
ware will allow me, I wish to submit one single
observation to him before he goes any further.
The Senator from New York and myself oc-
cupy the position it seems, to night at least,
of a minority; and we have not used our priv-
ilege of disputing this proposition to anything
like the extent that the other side of the House
used theirs the other night on another matter.
They occupied about fourteen hours in ex-
pressing their opposition to a bill which was
pending last week, and not one word was said
in defense. Now, it seems to me the Sena-
tors who are in the majority ou this question,
having had half the debate to-night, ought to
be willing to vote to-morrow without further
discussion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit the proposi-
tion to the Senator from Ohio to take the vote
now, without any debate; but if we cannot
take it to-night, I wish to review to-morrow
certain principles that have been announced
and advocated here, which I hold to be ia ,
positive contravention of the good faith of
this nation, in positive contravention of your
solemn promises made to the loyal people of
the South ; and you are attempting now to do
that which is contrary to your solemnly plighted
faith to every man who stood by your flag and
who was faithful to the banner of Union. I
wilt agree to forego any discussion of those
principles to-night if you will take a vote;
but if you carry it over to to-morrow I shall
claim the right to review to some extent the
principles which have been enunciated on
this floor to-night.
Mr. STEWART. I think I can make a
suggestion which will be satisfactory to tbe
Senator from Delaware. It is that we stay
here now until to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
and by that time the other Senators will be
here, and in the mean time he can discuss the
question to his heart's content.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (at eleven o'clock and
three minutes.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Dela-
ware withdraws his objection.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I withdraw my objec-
tion to the agreement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, be-
fore the question is put on the adjournment,
the Chair will, with the leave of the Senate,
state the proposition. It is proposed that the
vote on this question be taken to-morrow at
twelve o'clock without debate. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition ?
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Vermont withdraw his motion tc> adjourn till
I can understand what the proposition is?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair will state the
proposition, -t do not want further debute un-
less I can make a two or three hours' speech.
