1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sai-
lor the protection of the Union men in the
State, I say boldly, and I defy contradiction
of the fact, that, if it had not been for the or-
ganization of thatmiiitia, the Union men would
all have been driven out of the State and would
have had to seek homes elsewhere. That action
quieted things down in the State of Arkansas.
Some of the worst men were driven out, a few
were hung, and the others were intimidated so
that they were willing to let by-gones be by-
gones ; and now I am informed, and credibly
informed, too, that men can go there and locate
on lands and become good and peaceable cit-
izens, and have their rights respected, as the
rights of every man ought to be respected
wherever he may emigrate to.
I know very well that Governor Clayton is
very fiercely and roundly denounced by such
papers as are published in my town: the Mem-
phis Avalanche, the Appeal, and the Ledger.
1 know that they have no good words and no j
good feelings in their hearts for such men as
Governor Clayton. A man like the Governor,
who would protect Union men in their lives
and property, would have no good words said
of him by the papers I have mentioned. Why,
sir. when ex-Secretary Stanton died you found
in those papers the most violent and vindictive
abuse of him ever heaped on mortal man.
You found in those same papers when the
brave Admiral Furragut died his death merely
noticed as a telegraphic item, and not a word
of praise. And when the gallant and lamented
General George H. Thomas died they villified
and abused him from one end of the country
to the other. But I did not expect to hear a
man denounced on the floor of Congress for
organizing the militia for the protection of
Union men in the southern country, where
lives are being sacrificed daily by the scores
or hundreds.
Now, what are the facts about all this matter?
Governor Clayton sent to the North and got a
lot of arms. Those arms were put upon a
steamer and were being transported to Little
Rock, when the vessel was boarded a little be-
low Memphis and the arms thrown overboard
into the river. That was done by this same
Kuklux party in Memphis, in league with the
Kuklux horde in the gentleman's own State,
and for that outrage not one man has been
arrested up to this good hour. And I would
like the gentleman to answer me one question
right here: out of all the murders that have
been committed in his State—he may call them
hundreds, he may call them scores, he may
call them dozens, or he may call them half
dozens if he pleases—has there ever been a
man arrested in his State and tried and con-
victed for one of those murders? Not one,
not one. 1 say here, boldly, not one.
Mr. ROGERS. I would say to the gentle-
man that he misapprehends very much the con-
dition of things in Arkansas; that quite a num-
ber of persons have been arrested, and I pre-
sume quite a number will be arrested. But if
criminals are not arrested the fault must lie at
the door of the gentleman's friend, Governor
Clayton, whom lie is attempting to defend here.
Governor Clayton has the control of every
offioer in the State; he has the control ot the
militia. If men have not been arrested and
brought to justice, as I think they have not
been in some cases, then I hold Governor Clay-
ton responsible for a failure to do that which
by the constitution and laws of the State he is
required to do, and which his oath of office
requires him to do. .So much for the laws not
being vindicated, and unruly and bad persons
not being arrested in the State of Arkansas.
The fault is at the door of the gentleman's
friend, and I charge it there, as I have already
charged it to-day iu the remarks I made this
morning.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. That is pre-
cisely the charge that was made against Gov-
ernor Brownlow when he was Governor of
Tennessee. They charged that he had the
appointment of all the officers of the State,
and that, if Kuklux outrages were committed
in the State, he was the responsible party,
because his own oflicers held the power. It
is just a Democratic or Kuklux dodge, for the
purpose of getting out of the thing; that is all.
The appointment of oflicers is one thing ; the
obtaining judges and juries to convict is another
and quite a different thing. Where public sen-
timent is all one way you cannot obtain con-
victions, and that has been our trouble.
Governor Brownlow, of Tennessee, while he
was Governor, like Governor Clayton, held the
helm and gave peace and protection to the
Union men, so far as in him lay the power to
do so. But since we have had a change, since
Governor Brownlow has been sent to the Uni-
ted States Senate, and another Governor has
been elected—I will not say how, Mr. Speaker,
though I have my own opinion about the mat-
ter—since there has been another Governor
elected, as I have stated, they violated all law,
they trampled that constitution under their
feet, and everything has gone by the board.
So it will be when you begin denouncing
such men as Governor Clayton ; men who have
enforced the law and given protection to the
Union men of the country. I know that, since,
the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers]
found that he was in error in the remarks that,
he made; at least I understand he has cor-
rected his speech so as to make it comport
with the law itself, and I am very glad he has
done it; I want the matter to go to the coun-
try just as it is.
I am glad also that I have had this oppor-
tunity to say the few words 1 have in behalf
of a loyal man. As I stated before, what Gov-
ernor Clayton's course has been recently I
know nothing about. The trouble in regard
t,o the senatorial contest I know nothing about,
and have nothing to say about it. But in regard
to the action of Governor Clayton in organizing
the militia for the protection of Union men, 1
stand ready to vindicate him at all times and
at all hazards.
I know something about the outrages com-
mitted by Kuklux Klans and outlaws ■/, I have
lived among them in Tennessee. One fact I
recollect very well; that in my late canvass
there was one county in my own district in
which I was not allowed to make a speech,
because I called myself a Union Republican.
Such things were common all over Arkansas.
Union men could not travel about the State;
their lives were in danger, and they had to be
protected or leave the State.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman, as I un-
derstand, has volunteered to defend Governor
Clayton and the laws and the constitution of
Arkansas. Inasmuch as this is a sort of frank,
mutual interchange of opinion on the question,
I beg him to state whether he defends the prin-
ciple involved in this eleventh section of the
registry law of the State of Arkansas, to which
he refers, which prevents a man from being
registered to vote unless he belongs to a cer-
tain class of voters, without reference to his
loyalty or to his service to the country, simply
making his political action on a certain ques-
tion a test of his right to vote. Does he defend
that as a Union man, as a patriot, or from
any other stand-point that a man can properly
take, as a friend of the Government under
which he lives, as a friend of free govern-
ment?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will answer
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] by stat-
ing that when I was a member of the Legis-
lature of the State of Tennessee that reorgan-
ized civil government there I voted for the en-
franchisement of everybody, or rather I voted
against the disfranchisement of anybody, t
maintained that principle until I found that
the men who had been in the rebellion against
this Government, men who did nqfc yet know-
that the war was over, wfcio w^re still rebelling
against it continually, trampling the Constitu-
tion uqder foot and murdering Union men by
the score—until I found that such ipen shOTveS
their hands so plainly that I hail to change my
opinions in regard to the feasibility of admit-
ting, at the present time, all persons to the
right of voting.
I stand to-day opposed to the enfranchise-
ment of the iate rebels in arms. But in 1865,
after I came out of the Army and went into
the Legislature, I was perhaps the only prom-
inent Republican in the Legislature who voted
against disfranchising the men who fought
against us.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is not answering my
question at all. My inquiry had reference to
that particular law of the State of Arkansas.
I have no kind of interest in what the gentle-
man has done in Tennessee; that is not in dis-
cussion here to-day. The question is as to cer-
tain acts and proceedings of the Legislature
and Governor of the State of Arkansas. The
gentleman has volunteered a defense of those
acts and proceedings, and inasmuch as he seems
disposed tq gnliglitqn us, I woitld simply like to
know whether he defends that particular act
of the Legislature of Arkansas.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Perhaps the
gentleman will read the section.
Mr. NIBLACK. It has bean read twice—•
once by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
McCormick,] and once by the gentleman from
Tennessee. Inasmuch as the gentleman pro-
fesses to be dealing frankly with this matter, I
would like to know whether as a Representa-
tive in this Congress he defends the principle
of that section. That is a very plain question ;
a question easily answered ; a few words will do
if. A clear answer from the gentleman upon
this point would leave on my mind a much
more distinct impression as to his position.
For my own part I have never been averse to
expressing such opinions as I entertain, and
I take it that the gentleman frpin Teqpessee
belongs to thesarpe class.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
am prepared to answer the gentleman's ques-
tion. i think, sir, that no man ought to be
allowed to vote unless he has kept the faith to
which he has subscribed. That is my opinion.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then the gentleman, as I
understand, defends the section which has been
read.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I think I have
made my position plain. I hold that no man
ought to be allowed to vote who has violated
his oath. If a man having once taken an oath
to obey the Constitution and laws of his coun-
try violates that oath, I think he ought not to
be allowed to vote.
Mr. POX. The question was as to the gen-
tleman's opinion in regard to this provision
disfranchising a man because he has not voted
for the adoption of a, particular constitution.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I understand
that.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman evidently
does not desire to answer this question cate-
gorically.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I think I have
answered the question very plainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not wish to press the
gentleman to answer any question which he
dislikes to meet; but inasmuch as the gentle-
man has attacked so roughly the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] I think he
should be a little better prepared to tell us
what he himself is in favor of and what he is
prepared to defend. Whether this particular
provision of Arkansas legislation is a part of
the constitution or a part of the statute law is,
I think, very immaterial so far as this con-
troversy is concerned. The gentleman from
Tennessee came into the controversy with a
sort of flourish of trumpets, saying that there
was no such provision in the constitution; and.
