1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1189
bridges on the mississippi kiver, etc.
Mr. DYER. I desire to ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State. At the last session the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads were prepared
to report on it favorably, but the member of
that committee who had the bill in charge was
absent when the committee was called, and
the bill therefore did not come before the
House.
Mr. RANDALL. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. DYER. I only wish to let the House
know that the bill has been considered favor-
ably by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CONGER. I object, unless the bill can
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object conditionally.
Mr. CONGER. Then I object absolutely.
Mr. DYER. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. What is the privileged
question ?
Mr. ROGERS. A privileged question affect-
ing this House. I send a resolution to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
got the floor for that purpose. The Chair will
recognize the gentleman hereafter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In regard to the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Dyer] I desire to say that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
had it under consideration and approved of
it, I believe unanimously, and would have
reported it if they had had the opportunity.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw my objection
to the present consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Dyer,] the Chair understands,
desires an immediate vote.
Mr. DYER. To meet the suggestion of my
colleague [Mr. Wells] I am willing to amend
the bill by inserting " three hundred and fifty
feet" instead of "three hundred feet" where
there is an elevated bridge.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would nothave
given the gentleman the floor to introduce a
bill to be brought before the House for consid-
eration. On account of public business, of
which the Chair has cognizance, he would not
have allowed the afternoon to be consumed in
the consideration of this bill. The gentleman,
however, may modify it.
Mr. DYEli. Then I will modify it so that
that part of the bill will read, "Nor shall the
spans of said bridge over the main channel of
said river be less than three hundred and fifty
feet in length," &c.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest also to
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Dyer] that
he provide in his bill that Congress shall have
the power to alter or amend it.
Mr. DYER. That is already in the bill.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules and passing the bill; and there were—
ayes 125, noes 21.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended; and the bill (H. R. No.
3033) to authorize the construction of abridge
over the Mississippi river at Louisiana, Mis-
souri, and also a bridge over the Missouri
river at Glasgow, in said State, was received,
read three times, and passed.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
hud passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 205)
relating to the rights of actual settlers upon
certain lands in Iowa, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
agreed to the amendments of the House of
Representatives to bill (S. No. 569) to provide
for the disposition of useless military reserva-
tions.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
and joint resolutions of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1338) granting a pension
to Martha Davis;
A bill (H. R. No. 2308) granting a pension
to Abraham Tufflemire ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 484) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to dispose
of certain documents ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 499) author-
izing the Farmers' National Bank of Fort
Edward to change its location and name.
charlestown and kittery navy-yards.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
bring before the House for consideration at
the present time the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 486) relative to an inquiry into the expe-
diency of consolidating the Charlestown and
Kittery navy-yards.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
"Whereas the Secretary of the Navy, in his last
annual report to Congress, recommended the removal
oi'navy-yards from the midst of populous and grow-
ing cities; and whereas the navy-yards at Charles-
town, Massachusetts, and at Kittery, Maine, are
located within a distance of fifty miles of each
other, and may be advantageously consolidated:
Therefore,
Me it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
iives of the Uiiited States of Ainericain Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to appoint a com-
mission, consisting of two line officers of the Navy
and one officer of the Engineer corps of the Army
of tho United States, to examine and report as soon
as practicable: first, whether the territory and water
front connected with the navy-yard at Kittery,
Maine, and owned by the United States, are ample
and well adapted to accommodate the business now
carried on at both the Kittery and the Charlestown
navy-yards, and for any probable future increase
of said business; secondly, whether the territory
and water front now occupied by the said Charles-
town navy-yard are needed for commercial pur-
poses; thirdly, the amount which could probably
be realized by a sale of the site and permanent
improvements connected with said Charlestown
navy-yard and belonging to the United States;
fourthly, the probable expense of transporting the
machinery and other movable property connected
with said Charlestown yard to the yard at Kittery,
and the estimated cost of increasing the capacity of
said Kittery yard sufficiently to accommodate the
business now carried on at both of said navy-yards ;
fifthly, the estimated annual saving to the Govern-
mentwhich would resultfrom aconsohdation of said
navy-yards.
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved. That the Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby directed to transmit the
report of said commissioners, with his own recom-
mendations in relation thereto, to Congress during
the month of December next.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to state that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have unanimously
agreed to recommend this joint resolution.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object unless
we can have a discussion.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the joint resolution passed.^
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and there were—ayes 56, noes So ; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers ; and Mr. Starkweather and Mr. Lynch
were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 50.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not supended.
bridge across missouri river.
Mr. PALMER. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (H;
R. No. Ili27) authorizing the construction of
a bridge across the Missouri river, returned
from the Senate with amendments, forthepur-
pose of moving that the House disagree to the
same, and request a conference.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ments of the Senate disagreed to; and it was
ordered that a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses be requested.
use os the committee-rooms,
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of priv-
I have a memorial which I want to
present to the House, together with a resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will send
up the resolution, because that is what will
involve the question of privilege, and the Chair
prefers to rule upon it.
Mr. ROGERS. I send it up.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas a number of certain women did, some
ten or fifteen days ago, without authority from this
House, or any of its committees, enter and take pos-
session of one of the committee-rooms of this House,
to wit, the room assigned to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and have continued to occupy it
ever since; and whereas the rooms of this House were
designed for the use of the committees charged with
business connccted with the legislation of the Gov-
ernment, and the officers and clerks of the House,
and for no other purpose: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Speaker be, and he is
hereby, requested to take such steps, under the rules
of the House, as he may deem necessary to immedi-
ately remove these wom.cn from the room aforesaid,
and from all other rooms under the control of the
House which may be occupied by them.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
any question of privilege in the matter. It is
for the committees to take charge of their own
rooms. The Chair does not see that any ques-
tion of privilege is involved, nor does he feel
called upon under the rules of the House to
exercise any authority; but any authority the
gentleman from Arkansas thinks the Chair
has he will very cheerfully delegate to him.
[Great laughter. ]
Mr. ROGERS. I ask permission of the
House to say one word.
Mr. DEGENER. I object.
observations on the mississippi river.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent that
joint resolution of the Senate (S. R. No. 179)
authorizing water-gauges to be established
and observations to be made upon the Missis-
sippi river and its principal tributaries with
a view to obtaining information required for
the protection of the alluvial lands against
overflow, and for the improvement of navi-
gation, be taken from the Speaker's table and
The joint resolution was read for informa-
tion. It authorizes and directs the Secretary
of War to have water-gauges established and
daily observations made of the rise and fall of
the lower Mississippi river and its chief tribu-
taries at or in the vicinity of St. Louis, Cairo,
Memphis, Helena, Napoleon, Providence,
Yicksburg, Red River Landing, Baton Rouge,
and Carrolton, on the Mississippi, between the
mouth of the Missouri and the Gulf of Mexico;
and at or in the vicinity of Fort Leavenworth,
on the Missouri; Rock Island, on the upper
Mississippi; Louisville, on the Ohio; Flor-
ence, on the Tennessee ; Jacksonport, on the
White river; Little Rock, on the Arkansas;
and Alexandria, on the Red river, and at such
other places as the Secretary of War may
deem advisable, the expenditure on the same
to be made from the appropriations for the
improvement of rivers and harbors ; provided
that the annual cost of the observations shall
not exceed $5,000 per annum.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table,
read three times, and passed.
protection of national cemeteries.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House that the bill (H. R. No.
2715) to protect national cemeteries be con-
sidered now and passed.
The bill was read for information. It de-
clares the cemeteries now appropriated, used,
or occupied for the burial of soldiers of the
Army of the United States who died during
