1190
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
the war for the suppression of the rebellion
to be the property of the United States for
the purpose aforesaid, and that the same shall
be forever inalienable. The second section
provides that the said cemeteries shall be for-
ever free and exempt from any State or muni-
cipal taxation or assessment, and shall be con-
trolled by such rules and regulations as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of War.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to aques-
tion of order. I understand this day to be set
apart in order to allow members to move to
suspend the rules. I wish to know if a gen-
tleman can get the floor with the intention of
moving to suspend the rules and then yield to
another for any purpose?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stougiiton.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I understood
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
obtained the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yielded to the gentle-
man from Michigan.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Kentucky insists, the Chair can recognize the
gentleman from Ohio afterward. What is the
gentleman's objection?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. It is that unless
the gentleman from Ohio has risen for the
purpose of making a motion to suspend the
rules he cannot occupy the time of the House
on this day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has resumed his seat.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Then I take the
floor. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stoughton] occupies it. [Laughter.]
Mr._ STOUGIITON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill which has been read be now
passed.
There was no objection; and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third lime ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
germany and the united states.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for a few minutes
to the geatleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Jones,]
who desires to submit a preamble and joint
resolution for consideration and action now.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move that the
rules be suspended and the preamble and joint
resolution passed, which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The preamble and joint resolution were read
as follows:
Whereas the President of the United States, on
the 7th instant, transmitted a message to Congress,
ostensibly on the question of raising the rank of our
legation at Berlin, and in said message expressed
the opinion that between the constitution of the
German empire and the Constitution of the United
States, and the Governments thereof, there existed a
substantial resemblanoe; and whereas in view of
the great struggle in Europe between Germany and
France, just terminated by the fall of Paris, and
probably the crushing out of o.n infant republic, in
which struggle many thousands of American citizens
sympathized with one or other of the contending
parties according to the instincts of race, or birth, or
matured opinions, our Government itself professing
to be neutral but sympathizing with all people aspir-
ing to republican liberty, having indeed recognized
the republic of France just born and panting for
life; and whereas said message of our Executive,
whether ominous or not of a tendency in our admin-
istrative affairs to consolidation and empire, or to
alliance with strong and victorious nations simply
because they are such, was ill-timed and contradict-
ory of facts patent to all who have any knowledge
of the American and German constitutions of gov-
ernment : Therefore,
_ Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Coiioress assem-
bled, That we repudiate any identity between our
glorious Constitution, created for the people and by
the people through their own accredited agents,
guarantying the great rights of free representation,
petition, habeas corpus, trial by jury, freedom of
speech and of the press, security of papers, persons,
and property by due process of law, all sovereignty
emanating from the people, they creating and con-
trolling^their own repositories of power; a Consti-
tution "to establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote
rue general welfare, and secure the blessings of lib-
1° ourselves and our posterity," and the so-
called constitution of an empire denying all these
inestimable rights and privileges, and ruled by a
monarch who boasts the prerogative of "divine
right," absorbs in himself chiefly and dispenses with
imperious hands the sovereignty which should be-
long to the people, in violation of our true maxim
that "all government derives its just powers from
the consent of the governedwe reiterate that our
blessed Constitution is unlike any that imposes upon
man the attitude of subject to crown or prince; it is
the new order of the ages ignoring the divine right
of kings; and while sympathizing with and inviting
to our shores people of all nations who would rise
to the constitutional freedom of man, we unflinch-
ingly adhere to the injunction of the Father of his
Country, "friendly relations with all, entangling
alliances with none."
Mr. RANDALL. I move that this pre-
amble and resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I object to that.
Mr. DEGrENER. It ought to be translated
into French and German.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Jones, of Kentucky, to suspend the rules
and pass the preamble and joint resolution;
and it was not agreed to, two thirds not voting
in the affirmative.
jackson, lansing, and saginaw railroad.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and have passed at this time a
bill to enable the Jackson, Lansing, and Sagi-
naw Railroad Company to change the northern
terminus of its road from Traverse bay to the
straits of Mackinaw, and for other purposes.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 3035) was received and read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order or business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] to introduce
a bill for reference.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields
the floor for any purpose a motion to adjourn
will be in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I will not yield.
joint resolutions enrolled.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolutions of
the follswing titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) to authorize
the President to permit William L. Hanscom,
late a naval constructor of the Navy of the
United States, to withdraw his resignation of
that office; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 242) relative to
the steamship Meteor.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the House now proceed to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 2634, with the amend-
ments thereto reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. STILES. What is that bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is a bill to amend an
act approved May 31, 1870, entitled "An act
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes."
Mr. STILES. Is it intended to pass this
bill without discussion?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all; only to bring
it before the House now.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the
rules be suspended for the purpose I have
indicated.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and on a division there were—ayes
103, noes 47; two thirds voting in the affirma-
tive.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bingham
and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 127, noes 51; |
two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
- Mr. BINGHAM. If gentlemen on the other
side are to proceed in this way I shall modify
my motion and move to suspend the rules so
as to pass the bill at once with the amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
modifies his motion.
Mr. RANDALL. Can he do so after the
yeas and nays have been asked upon the
motion ?
The SPEAKER. He could, even if the yeas
and nays had been ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD. Are we not to have the
bill read, that we may know what it is?
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman from Ohio
propose to put through, without debate, this
most monstrous bill, when it has not even been
printed ?
Mr. BINGHAM. It has been printed.
Mr. WOODWARD. I demand that the bill
be read. I am a Representative of the people,
and I have the right to understand the proposi-
tion upon which I am required to vote.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The Clerk had read the bill in part, when
Mr. BINGHAM said: I ask to make a state-
ment for the information of gentlemen of the
House. The majority of the committee report-
ing this bill desire that it shall be debated;
and I therefore propose, if it be the pleasure
of the House, that the bill shall be made a
special order for next Wednesday, the pre-
vious question to be called at four o'clock on
that day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that Wednesday has already been
assigned.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, then, to-morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. To-morrow has been
assigned.
Mr, PETERS. The special order for to-
morrow is the consideration of the report upon
the Howard investigation.
Mr. KELSEY. Let us put through this
bill now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was in error in
supposing that Wednesday has been assigned
to other business.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I ask that by gen-
eral consent this bill be made a special order
for next Wednesday, immediately after the
reading of the Journal, the debate to be lim-
ited to thirty-minute speeches, the previous
question to be called at four o'clock, and a
motion to recommit to be now entered, so that
the bill will be considered in the House as
amended by the committee.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object to any arrange-
ment of this kind.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ascertain
whether I understand the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham. ] Does
he propose that there shall be no debate ex-
cept thirty minutes besides the hour to which
he would be entitled after the calling of the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. I propose
simply that general debate be limited to thirty-
minute speeches, and continue from the read-
ing of the Journal until four o'clock.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio frames his motion in that form he had
better name the hour at whieh the House shall
proceed to vote on the bill without the inter-
vention of dilatory motions. That will remove
I the necessity for calling the previous question.
