1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to the ninth census, was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. This bill was reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed and recommitted. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania entered a motion to
reconsider the vote whereby the bill was re-
committed. He now calls up that motion;
iand the question is, " Will the House recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted ?"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
HALE called for the reading of the bill.
Mr. MERCUR. As the committee have
reported a substitute for the original bill, I
suggest that the substitute only need be read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will of course be
read as presented to the House for action.
The Clerk began the reading of the bill,
when
Mr. HOLMANsaid: I desire to offer a joint
resolution for action at this time, and move a
suspension of the rules for that purpose.
Mr. MERCUR. I do not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules, made during the reading of the bill, will
take the gentleman from Pennsylvania off the
floor. But the Chair will recognize his supe-
rior right to move a suspension of the rules in
regard to the pending bill.
Mr. MERCUR. 1 move that the rules be
so suspended as to bring the apportionment
bill before the House for consideration at the
present time, to the exclusion of all other
orders.
Mr. HQLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Can the gentleman make that motion
when my motion is already pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercub] has been on the
floor about two hours—one hour yesterday
and another hour to-day—.md has been yield-
ing continually. The Chair will recognize the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] imme-
diately after this question is disposed of.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Mbecxir
there were—ayes 89, noes 4G ; less than two
thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. MERCUR. I call for tellers.
Mr. HAY. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Before the question has
been taken by tellers?
Mr. HAY. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The call for yeas and
nays takes precedence of the call for tellers.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1)AWES. if the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania prevails, will it inter-
fere with obtaining committees of conference
on appropriation bills?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will restate his motion.
Mr. MERCUR. I modify my motion so as
to suspend the rules for the purpose of bring-
ing the apportionment bill before the House
for consideration at the present time, to the
exclusion of all other orders except conference
reports and appropriation bills.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has modified his motion since the yeas and
nays were ordered. The yeas and nays have
not been ordered upon the modified motion. I
call for tellers.
Mr. HAY. I renew the demand for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to call for
the reading of the rule which was made yester-
day with reference to the order of business?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered and will be taken.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 118, nays 83, not voting o9 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Asper, Atwood,
Axtell, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bethune, Bingham,
Boles, Booker, Bowen, Buck, Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin P. Butler. William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa, Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Conner, Cook, Crebs, Cullom. Degener, Joseph
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dox. Duke. Duval, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Griswold,
Haight. Hambleton.Hamill,Hamilton, Harris. Haw-
ley, Hay, Heflin, Ilill, Hoge, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. .1 ones, Judd, Julian,
Lewis, Logan. Loughridge, Manning, Marshall,
Maybam, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, MoKee. McKenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Jesse
H. Moore, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrcll, Morrissey,
Packard. Halbert B. Paine, William W. Paine,
Palmer, Perce, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prico, Pros-
per, Rainey, Randall, Reeves, Rico, Sawyer, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, Sy-
pher, Taffe, Trimble, Tyner, Upson, Van Wyck,
Wallace, Cadwalader G. Washburn, Welker, White-
ley. Whitmore, Wilkinson. Williams, Eugene M.
Wilson. Winchester, Witcher,Wolf, Woodward, and
Young—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Ben-
nett, Benton, Biggs, Bird, Blair, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buflinton, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
Cowles, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Ferriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Gilfillan, Haldeman, Hale, Hoar, Holman,
Holmes, Hooper, Jenckes, Keliey, Kellogg, Kelsoy,
Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lynch. Maynard,
William Moore, Morey. Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Packer, Peck,
Peters, Phelps, Poland, Potter, Sargent, Schumaker,
Scofield. Porter Sheldon, Slocum, -John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith. Starkweather, Stevens, Strader, Strong,
Tanner, Taylor,Tillman, TowDscnd, Twichell, Van
Trump, Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler,
Willnrd. John T. Wilson, and Wood—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Boyd,
Buckley, Burr, Roderick R. Butler., Cake, Cleve-
land, Corker, Cox, D.irrall,*NathauF. Dixon, Dyer,
Ela, Eldridge, Garfield, Gibson, Hawkins, Hays,
Hotchkiss, Kerr, Kctchnm, Knott, Long, Milnes,
Eliakim H. Moore. Mungen, Newshain, Orth,
Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sherrod, Sweeney, Van
Anken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Wells, and
Winans—39.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended for the
purpose indicated.
Mr. MERCUR. I call up the motion to
reconsider.
The SPEAKE E. The pending motion would
be to suspend the rules. The motion to re-
consider is made under the rules, by right of
the rules. The motion to suspend the rules
will take precedence logically and inevitably.
The House yesterday, by unanimous consent,
agreed to go through at twelve o'clock to-day
with the bills upon the Speaker's table, first
going through with that business to which there
is no objection, and next those bills which
may obtain two-thirds vote or a suspension of
the rules.
records of dnited states cohrts.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 141, relating to the records
of-the courts of the United States, returned
from the Senate with the amendment of the
House disagreed to.
TheSPBAIvER. Thebillhasbeen in charge
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge, 3 who is absent from the House on
account of illness.
Mr. PETERS. It is all right. There is no
objection to it.
The House amendment was to strike out the
following section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, &'<■.., That in all
causes which hare been removed, or which shall
hereafter be removed, to the Supieme Court of the
United States, a daly certified copy ol the record of
such cause remaining in the Supreme Court may be
filed in the court trom which said cause was removed,
on motion of any party or person claiming to be in-
terested therein; and the copy so filed shall have the
same effect as the original record would have had if
the same had not been lost or destroyed.
The House receded from its amendment.
new orleans, etc., railroad company.
Thenextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 878, to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish and declare the railroad
and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter
constructed, a post road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 2, 1868, returned
from the Senate with non-concurrence iu the
amendments of the House, and a request for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The House agreed to the committee of con-
ference requested by the Senate.
election ob members op congress.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 1705) to fix the time
for the election of Representatives and Dele-
gates in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. HALE. ' I object.
william p. thomasson.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (H. R. No. 420) for the
relief of William P. Thomasson, returned from
the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all of the resolution after the resolving
clause and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of War be authorized and
directed to adjust and settle the claim of William P.
Thomasson, and reimburse him in a sum not exceed-
ing $477 70, for judgments and costs imposed upon
him by the oourt of common pleas of Jefferson
county, XCentucky, provided he finds upon investi-
gation such judgments were rendered against said
Thomasson on account of acts done by him while he
was acting as superintendent of freedmen's affairs
of said county of Jefferson; and said sum of $177 70,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
abraii g. snyder.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 260, for the reliefof Abram
G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal, at West
Troy, New York, returned from the Senate
with an amendment, as follows :
Strike out "$10,000" and insert in lieu thereof
'*$5,000," so it will direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet
arsenal, West Troy, New York, the sum ol ijo.UOO m
full for all claims, heretofore and hereafter, against
the Government for the invention and the use of
the Snyder bullet machine in the United States
aisenals.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope we will concur iu the amendment of the
Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
susannah snyder.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 1630, granting a pension
to Susannah Snyder, returned from the Senate
with an amendment, to add " at the rate of
eight dollars a month."
The amendment was concurred in.
rancho del rio grande.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. R. No. 18^1) to confirm the title
oftheRancho del Rio Grande, in New Mexico,
to the heirs and legal representatives of the
original grantees thereof, with an amendment
by the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate was as follows :
At the end of the bill add the following:
Provided, That nothing herein shall be construed
to alfect thy rights of bmia fide actual settlers upon
said land under the laws of the United States.
Mr. WELKER. I ask that the amendment
be concurred in. It is in the interest of actual
settlers, and is all right.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
printing or documents.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution of
the Senate:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there shall be printed the
usual number of copies of treaties and conventions
as reported to the Senate from the State Depart-
ment, and, in addition thereto, one thousand copies
fo? the use of the State Department, one Ihnu-anil
copies lor the use of the .Senate, and two thousand
copies for the use of the House oi Representatives.
The resolution was concurred in.
anthony d. iiavely.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. 11. No. 2J04) granting a pen-
