1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IS,
not to be brought back- by motions for recon-
sideration.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. MORPHIS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3038) to remove
the disabilities of James Moore, of the county
of Monroe, State of Mississippi; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
MAIL SERVICE 10 BRAZIL.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to provide additional mail
service to Brazil.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is there any subsidy
in this bill?
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I offer a bill whose
title is formal; but its real title should be, "A
bill to cheapen the price of coffee without
detracting from the revenue and with no cost
to the Government." My bill provides ad-
ditional mail service to Brazil out of duties
from increased importations of coffee, the prin-
ciple being that the contractors shall stip-
ulate for semi-monthly service, and shall only
receive pay out of the increased importations
of coffee by the Brazil steamers, the Govern-
ment being a gainer of two cents per pound
net on each pound in excess of the importa-
tions during the last fiscal year, to one cent
per pound returned the contractors. If there
be no increase the latter get nothing. Under
this system return duties will be enjoyed by
those having the most enterprise, and aiding
the Treasury, and the people, without paying
subsidies, will gain. This is a bill for a cheap
breakfast and deserves discussion, and, I think,
passing in this form.
The total annual exports of coffee from Brazil
are 2,200,000 bags, of about 160 pounds each.
Of this the United States get about one half,
and mainly by English bottoms.
The Brazil mail steamers last year brought
120,000 bags, or 19,250,000 pounds. If they
bring with double service twice as much, or
38,500,000 pounds, they will only receive for
double service, in addition to the $150,000
now received by them, $195,000. Then the
Brazil steamers will only receive per mile
about $1 50. The Pacific steamers receive on
the route to China twice as much. The former
service pays for itself by importations and
duties. If no more coffee is imported by the
additional steamers thej-e will be no more pay.
If 40,000 bags extra be imported, the gain in
duty to the United States will be $195,000 ; if
the importations by said steamers be doubled,
as the contractors hope, the gain in duties to
the United States will be $585,000. The total
cost of the service will be $345,000, leaving
an excess to the United States over the outlay
of $240,000. There will besides be a postal
revenue of fifty to sixty thousand dollars, mak-
ing a gain of $300,000.
The mail service to Brazil commenced in
1866. The average annual importations of
coffee since have been 172,500,000 pounds.
During the previous four years they were,
with similar duty, 72,500,000 pounds. With
double service it is not therefore unreason-
able to anticipate an increased importation of
120,000 bags, or 19,000,000 pounds per annum.
All increase over 70,000 bags will give the Gov-
ernment a net gain of two cents per ponnd,
while the mail-carriers will only get one cent
per pound. The mail service and commercial
service are now imperfect, because neither
letters nor commercial orders can be filled by
return steamers. They are therefore filled by
English steamers. Twenty-eight out of the
thirty days' interval between departures are
occupied in the voyage.
This bin, if passed, will not only cheapen
coffee, by increasing the importations, but by
cheapening the transportation; and nothing
will be lost from our present revenues, and no
additional expenditures by the Government.
If I am mistaken in these figures I will correct
them, and revise the bill if necessary, to carry
out my proposition.
There was no objection, and the bill (H. R.
No. 3039) to provide additional mail service
to Brazil, in consideration of increased income
from duties, was received, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
GAS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3040) prescribing
the quality and price and inspection of illum-
inating gas in the city of Washington, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
REPORTS ON SUFFRAGE.
Mr. ELA. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That fifty thousand copies of the major-
ity and minority reports of the Judiciary Commit-
tee relating to suffrage be printed for the use of the
House.
Objection was made.
APPEALS FltOM COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3037) to amend an act approved June 25,
1868, entitled "An act to provide for appeals
from the Court of Claims, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
GOODS IN BOND.
Mr. POTTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3041) in relation to goods in bond ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
E. P. WILSON.
Mr. POTTER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3042) for the relief of E. P. Wilson;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (S. No. 569) to provide for the dispo-
sition of useless military reservations.
UNITED STATES TROOPS AT ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States :
To the Jloune of Representatives :
I transmit herewith, in answer to the resolution
of the House of the 6th instant, copies of the corre-
spondence between the Governor of the State of
California and the President of the United States
in the month of October, 1868, relative to the use of
the military forces of the national Government in
preserving the peace at the approaching State eiec-
tlon- U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, February 13,1871.
Mr. SARGENT. The accompanying papers
are very short, and I ask that they be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Telegram.]
San Francisco, California,
October 24, IS08.
Andrew johnson. President:
I desire authority, for sufficient reasons, to use
United States troops to quell disturbance here if
any occurs. Please send necessary order without
delay to myself or General Halleck.
_ H. H. HAIGHT.
[Telegram.]
AVar Department, Washington City,
October 31,1868.
Major_ ^General IIalleck, Commanding Military
Division of the Pacific, iSan Francisco, California:
In compliance With request from the Governor of
California, the President authorizes and directs you
to tako such action, in conformity to the Constitution
and laws of the United States, as may be necessary
to aid tho civil authorities of California in preserv-
ing the peace.
J. M. SC1I0FIELD,
Secretary of iYar.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to inform tho
gentleman from California that President
Grant sent the military into my district with-
out the consent of the Governor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. So he did in
New York.
The message and accompanying papers were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. BENJAMIN,
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BURDETT: The protest of James
A. Koontz, Charles Sclireiber, August Vegly,
P. X. Struppy, Anton Kloss, Peter Uhlinger,
and 27 others, Germans and persons of Ger-
man extraction, citizens of St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, against a further prosecution of war
upon the republic of France.
By Mr. COWLES: ApetitionoftheHomeo-
pathic Medical Society of Wayne county, New
York, for incorporation of a national society
in Washington, District of Columbia.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Laurence Beatty
and 465 others, merchants of New York city,
for an appropriation to the American Printing
House, &c., for the blind.
Also, the petition of H. T. Bassford and 200
others, citizens of New York city, remonstrating
against the passage of any more land grants to
railroad corporations; and also against the
confirmation of the act of July 12, 1862, grant-
ing indemnity land to the State of Iowa for
the benefit of the Des Moines Valley Railroad
Company.
By Mr. PERRY: The petition of Frank H.
Howe and 101 others, soldiers and citizens of
Lansing, Michigan, praying that the pending
military homestead bill be so amended as not
to require for disabled soldiers actual settle-
ment.
By Mr. HARRIS: A memorial of the citi-
zens of the State of Mississippi, asking Con-
gress to aid the American Printing House for
the Blind and the American University for the
Blind, and favoring the passage of bill No. 2558.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of 00 citizens,
upon the subject of a national university to be
located at Washington, District of Columbia.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Notley
Anderson and others, workingmen of Wash-
ington, that the Patent Office be open till nine
o'clock p. m.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of II. A.
Filden and others, citizens ot'New Lebanon7
New York, against any change in the public-
ation of the Patent Office reports.
By Mr. McCORMICIi, of Missouri: The
petition of Mrs. Susan Giles, widow of Joseph
Giles.
By Mr. PAINE, of Georgia: The memorial
of Thomas Holcombe and Hiram Roberts,
securities on the bond of the late John Boston.
Also, the memorial of T. B. Marshall .t
Brother, in relation to brig Michael et Anna.
Also, a memorial of certain citizens of Lib-
erty county, Georgia, asking for a mail route
from Mcintosh to Hinesville.
Also, various memorials in relation to mail
routes through several counties.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of A. F.
Bradbury and others, in favor of a bill to
secure cheap transportation.
Also, the petition of Thomas J. Stewart and
others, citizens of Maine, iu favor of the pay-
ment of the Alabama claims by the United
States.
By Mr. PO PTER : A petition of the inhab-
itants ot Port Chester, New York, and victn-
ity, for the improvement of the harbor at that
place.
By Mr. PROSSER: A petition of certain
