1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
citizens of Washington, praying that the model
room of the Patent Office may be kept open
until sunset or nine o'clock at night, for the
accommodation of the working people of the
District.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of A. A. F.
Hill, of Eut'ala, Alabama, for removal of dis-
abilities.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 14,1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 1657) for exteuding the
land laws of the United States over the terri-
tory of Alaska—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2998) to establish certain
post roads—to the Committee on Post Offices
ar.d Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 3003) granting a pension
to John Preveaux, a citizen of Amesbury,
Massachusetts—to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 3004) for the relief of
Reuben Thomas and George Brown—to the
Committee on Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 3005) for the sale of tim-
ber lands in the States of California and Oregon
and Washington Territory—to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 503) for the
relief of John E. Hagerty, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
GEORGE F. ROBINSON.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 501) forthe
relief of George F. Robinson, eighth regiment
Maine volunteers, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the consent of the
Senate to put that joint resolution upon its
passage.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will be done.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was reported unanimously
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the
House of Representatives, and it passed the
House unanimously. It is a recognition of the
service of that man who saved the life of Mr.
Sewaid when he held the position of Secretary
of the State Department. His services on
that occasion in any other Government would
have demanded and received recognition long
ere this. It is one of those things which, if
done, should be done gracefully. I hope the
Senate will allow the joint resolution to pass.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay George F. Rob-
inson, late a private in the eighth regiment
Maine volunteers, the sum of §5,000; and it
also directs the Secretary to cause to.be pre-
pared and presented to George F. Robinson
u gold medal, with appropriate devices and
inscriptions, commemorative of his heroic
conduct on the 14th day of April, 1805, in sav-
ing the life of Hon. William H. Seward, then
Secretary of State of the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PRATT. I present the following joint
resolution of the General Assembly of the
State of Indiana:
A joint resolution in relation to an appropriation
by Consress for tlio completion of the harbor on
Lake Michigan, at Michigan City.
1. ttr it reicJvril by thf (intern! Assembly of the Slate
0/ Inthtuut, Ticit our Hen itora m Congress bo, and
they are hereby. instructed. and our Representatives
are requested, to use all appropriate ami legitimate
moans to procure an appropriation ot money by
Congress for the completion of the harbor on Lake
Michigan, at Michigan City.
2. And be it further resolved by the authority afore-
said, That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit forthwith to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress a copy of these reso-
lutions.
WILL CUMBACK,
President of the Senate.
WILLIAM MACK
Speaker of the House.
I move that the resolution be printed and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present the petition
of David J. Saunders and S. C. Tardy, in be-
half of the Bank of Virginia, and the Farm-
ers' Bank of Virginia, in which they set forth
that the sum of $100,000 in coin, which was
seized by the Governmentof the United States,
at Augusta, Georgia, in 1865, and covered into
the Treasury, is the property of the said banks;
and they earnestly pray for such legislation on
the part of Congress as will refund that sum
of money to those banks. I move the refer-
ence of this petition, with the accompanying
paners, to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ellsworth, Hancock county, Maine,
in favor of the passage of Senate bill No.
1227, to secure cheap transportation of bread-
stuffs and provisions from the West to the sea-
board at uniform rates throughout the year;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying
the establishment of a chair of homeopathy in
the proposed national university at Washing-
ton; which were referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the memorial of Alger-
non S. Cadwallader, late collector and dis-
bursing agent fifth internal revenue district,
Pennsylvania, asking for the passage of a law
authorizing the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle his accounts; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
Alfred H. Slaughter, of Tallapoosa, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
R. F. Dennis, of Greenbrier county, West Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
J. L. THOMAS, JR., AND E. II. WEBSTER.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 498) for the relief of
John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin H. Webster,
the present and former collectors of customs
at Baltimore, late United States designated
depositaries, and recommend its passage. I
do not know whether the Senate will be willing
to pass it now or not; but I trust there will be
no objection.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution just reported.
The joint resolution was read. It is a direc-
tion to the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department, in the settlement of the
accounts of John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin
H. Webster, as collectors of customs of the
district of Baltimore, and as late United States
designated depositaries, to allow them such
amounts as are shown to have been stolen or
embezzled by their late deputy collectors, Rich-
ard N. Bowerman and Thomas J. Wilson, the
Secretary of the Treasury being satisfied that
such embezzlement or larceny did not occur
through the negligence or default of Thomas
and Webster. In case any of the moneys so
embezzled or stolen shall hereafter be recov-
ered, the same shall inure to the benefit of the
United States.
Mr. HOWE. Is there a report in that case?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a printed House
report accompanying the joint resolution.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made in the House of Representatives January
27, 1871, by Mr. Mayxabd, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means :
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom were
referred the petition and accompanying papers of
John L. Thomas, jr., collector of the port of Balti-
more, for relief, beg leave to report:
On the 1st of May, 1869, John L. Thomas, jr., wag
appointed collector of customs for the port of Balti-
more and entered upon the duties of his office. On
taking charge of his office ho found one Richard N.
Bowerman acting a3 special deputy collector, and
who, as sueh, had general supervision of the custom-
house. This man, Bowerman, had been appointee!
by Mr. Thomas's predecessor, and had held the office
lor some four years prior to Mr. Thomas coming
into office.
As soon as the,collector had opportunity to discover
the workings of thesystem at that time prevailing at
said port(the collector acting in the duplex capacity
of collector and designated depositary) he became
satisfied that it was defective and liable to great
abuse, and, setting himself to work to correct the
same, he addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury
a letter, which is inclosed in the following commun-
ication :
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, March 26,1870.
StR: Daring the last year my attention has been
frequently called to the fact that the business of
Baltimore was rapidly increasing, and that the ne-
cessity existed for the establishment of the office of
Assistant Treasurer there as an independent office.
At present the public moneys are deposited with the
collector, who holds and disburses the same.
1 inclose a copy of a letter received from the col-
lector of that port, in which he sets forth tbereasons
for establishing the office of Assistant Treasurer.
Accompanying this is a statement of the receipts
and payments by him during the fiscal year ending
June 30,1869.
I concur in the views presented by the collector,
and respectfully recommend the establishment of the
office ot Assistant Treasurer at Baltimore. Should
this recommendation meet the approval of the com-
mittee to which it may be referred, the Department
will, if desired, furnish a dratt of a bill.
I am, very respectfully, &e.,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. James G-. Blaise.
Speaker House of Representatives.
Custom-Hocse, Bii.timoke.
Collector's Office, March 9,1870.
My Dear Sir : Soon after the assembling of Con-
gress, in December last, I wrote you an official letter,
calling your attention to the want of an Assistant
Treasurer at this port, and requesting you to ask
Congress for the establishment ot such an office.
Nothing as yet has been done in the matter, and
I again desire to call your attention to the same, in
the hope that, it may not be overlooked. I consider
it of great importance that something should bo
done in this direction. It is utterly impossible for
me to act in the double capacity of collector of cus-
toms and United States depositary, as both of them
cannot receive my personal attention.
The business of this port has increased so rapidly
that it is as much as one man can do to attend to the
duties of collector faithfully, and I do not think it is
right that the Government should compel me to act
in a twofold capacity.
The responsibility of being the United States
depositary is a heavy one, and ought to have the
undivided attention of one person as its chief. This
cannot be done when, at the same time, you are
compelled to watch the vast business of the cus-
tom-house.
Boston, Sew York, Philadelphia, New Orleans,
San Francisco, and £t. Lbuis have each of them an
Assistant Treasurer, and the collectors oftheseports
can give their undivided time to the legitimate busi-
ness of their offices.
I think Baltimore ought not to he made an excep-
tion, and the increased duties on imports, together
with the amount paid each year on interest of the
public debt, show that she is entitled to this consid-
eration. _
I hope, therefore, my dear sir, you will ask Con-
gress to pass a law authorizing you to appoint aa
Assistant Treasurer at this port.
I am, sii, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN L. THOMAS, Jr.,
Collector.
Hon. Georoe S. Bottwell,
Secretary of the Treaxury.
The result of this was that, on the recommenda-
tion ot the Secretary of the Treasury, an act was
passed establishing the office of Assistant Treasurer
for the port of Baltimore.
In transferring the accounts from tlio collector to
the Assistant Treasurer, whose office was thus created,
and while balancing the bank books of the late de-
positary with theeheek books at theeolleetor's office,
it was discovered that the deputy collector, Bower-
man, had, for a series of years, extending back into
