1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the administration of Mr* Thomas's predecessor,
purloined large sums of money, of which he had made
no report, and which he had appropriated to his own
uses. It was also discovered that Bowerman had
used a great deal of the money thus purloined in cov-
ering up his illegal transactions under Mr. Thomas's
predecessor.
Investigation was immediately set on foot by the
collector, and also by the Treasury Department, and
the matter was brought to the attention of the grand
jury of the United States district court for the Mary-
land district, and these facts, in great length of
detail, appeared upon these investigations.
The full amount purloined by Bowerman has been
ascertained, and as appears from the report of 0.
D. Madge, the chief ot the special agent oureau of
the Treasury Department, amounts to the sum of
$27,540 25. Of this amount, $4,729 were received by
Thomas J. Wilson, late deputy collector, and nover
deposited by him to the credit of the United States.
By order of the Treasury Department, suit has been
brought to recover back about ten thousand dollars
of the moneys purloined by Bowerman, and whioh
will, in all probability, be recovered. Both Bower-
man and Wilson have been indicted by the grand
jury of the United States court, and are now await-
ing their trial.
The Secretary of the Treasury appeared before the
committee, and expressed the opinion that the col-
lector was not only not in complicity with these
transactions, but that he was guilty of no dereliction
of duty, or any want of duo attention to have pre-
vented them. Indeed, the committeo are satisfied,
from their very nature, and the opportunities the
deputy collector had for perpetrating these offenses,
and the excellent character he bore, and the degree
of confidence universally reposed in him as an officer,
it would have been impossible to have detected them
for years had not the change in the system been
effected by the passage of the act to provide for the
appointment of an Assistant Treasurer at Baltimore,
approved June 15,1870.
Mr. 0. D. Madge says, in his report to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury:
"That in the investigations necessary to develop
those fraudulent transactions there is nothing that
in the slightest degree reflects on Collector Thomas,
nor to show that it was the result of any neglect of
duty on his part."
He also states:
"That Mr. Thomas, in addition to his duties as
collector, was at the time the designated United
States depositary, and, so far as his divided atten-
tion between the two important offices would per-
mit, established, from time to time, such regulations
as seemed to be necessary to correct all irregular-
ities and defects in the manner of conducting the
custom-house businebs, and instituted many reforms
materially benefiting the revenue."
He further states:
"That the lack of a general system of proper
checks upon the actions of all subordinates was
wanting, and that it does not appear that such a
system ever existed at that jjort."
Special Agent Morris says in his report:
"That from the manner in which the books and
accounts of the office had been kept for years it was
almost impossible to have discovered the defalcation
sooner; and that he knew of the efforts made by
the collector from time to time to simplify the mode
of keeping the accounts."
Archibald Stirling, jr., the United States district
attorney of Maryland, says:
"That from his official investigation hefully exon-
erates the collector from all blame; that Bowerman
was regarded as a faithful officer, and that a strong
public opinion was instrumental in his retention in
office; and that his frauds were so disguised and
concealed that time alone could have discovered
them."
He further states:
" That he traces the success of these frauds to a
want of a proper system of checks, which the exist-
ing laws are to blame for, and not the collector."
The foreman of the grand jury which investigated
these cases states:
"Thatthere was nothing to cast the least impu-
tation upon the honor and integrity of the collector;
that Bowerman was looked upon as a model officer;
and that his retention by Mr. Thomas in office met
with universal approbation."
The committee are of the opinion that officers
charged with the custody of moneys arcresponsible,
not merely for ordinary diligence as much as a care-
ful man would give to his own business, but for ex-
traordinary diligence, diligentia strictissima, and
should only be relieved in case of loss which, in the
nature of things, it would have been impossible for
them to have prevented.
This class of cases has been before Congress on
various occasions, resulting in the following acts of
legislation, (see United States Statutes-at-Large:)
An act for the relief of Brevet Major James Bel-
ger, approved February 3,1857. (Vol. 11, p. 491.)
An act for the relief of James G. Benton, E. B.
Babbitt, and James Longstreet, approved June 1.
1S58. (Vol.11, p. 537.)
An act for the relief of Enoch B. Talcott, late col-
lector of customs at Oswego, approved March 3,
1859. (Vol.11, p. 569.)
An act for the relief of J. B. Rittenhouse, fleet
paymaster of the Pacific squadron, approved April
10, I860. (Vol. 14, p. 578.)
An act lor the relief of John Hastings, late sur-
ycyor and depositary at Pittsburg, approved July
27.1866. (Vol. 14, p. 604.)
An act for the relief of James Fulton, paymaster
United States Navy, approved March 2, 1867. (.Vol.
<14, p. 636.)
An act for the relief of John Sodgewiek, collector
of internal revenue of the third collection district
of California, approved March 2, 1867. (Vol. 14,
p. 644.)
An act for the relief of James J. Hudnall, approved
March 2,1867. (Vol. 14, p. 645.)
An act for the relief of Lieutenant Ulysses S.
Grant, approved June 17,1862. (Vol. 12, p. 905.)
An act for the relief of Gilbert E. Thornton,
approved February 25,1863. (Vol. 12, p. 924.)
Joint resolution for the relief of James L. Ridgely,
collector of internal revenue, second district of Mary-
land, approved May 4,1870. (Second session Forty-
First Congress.) . , „ , „ . ,
The committee are satisfied, from the proofs m the
case, written and oral, that the collector could not,
from the circumstances of this case, acting under
the system in operation when he entered the office,
have discovered or prevented the defalcation in this
instance. They therefore report the accompanying
joint resolution, and recommend its passage.
Mr. HOWE. I have listened to that report
as well as I could in this Chamber. I do not
detect any material facts in it except that these
gentlemen were collectors at different times,
and that while they were collectors a subor-
dinate officer embezzled some money. I sup-
pose, therefore, it is the purpose of the Finance
Committee to release these officers from their
liability to the extent of the money so em-
bezzled by their subordinate. "Why not pass
a general law authorizing the Treasury in all
cases to release from accountability collectors
when moneys are embezzled, not by them-
selves, but by their employes? Why have a
special act for the benefit of these individuals?
Mr. SHERMAN. As it is manifest that this
joint resolution will lead to discussion, I trust
we shall be allowed to go on with the morning
business.
Mr. HOWE. I do not care to discuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin object to its consideration?
Mr. HOWE. Noj sir; I do not object to
its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the joint resolution is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the joint
resolution by adding the following as an addi-
tional section :
And be it further resolved, That the sureties upon
the official bond of William L. Adams, late collector
of customs for the district of Oregon, are hereby
released from any liability on account of the money
stolen from him while he was carrying the same from
Astoria to San Francisco under the orders of the
Treasury Department in the year 1866,
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope now the resolu-
tion will be allowed to go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
proceeded to its consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can vote upon it in
a minute ; and these two cases ought not to bo
mixed together, I submit to my friend from
Oregon.
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution evidently
will give rise to debate ; and I hope the mem-
ber of the committee who reported it will not
press it at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects to its present consideration, and
the joint resolution will be placed on the Cal-
endar.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1329) providing for the adjustment of the
accounts of certain collectors of internal reve-
nue, reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2564) provid-
ing that accounts or claims which have been
adjusted by the proper officers of the Treasury
shall not be reopened except by law, and limit-
ing the time for the presentation of claims and
accounts, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 500) to remit duties upon
certain imported articles donated for the ben-
efit of destitute citizens of France adversely.
The committee, like every one else, are very
much in favor of the object of this resolu-
tion, but they think it is impracticable. It has
never been done even for our own citizens or
our own fairs during our war. The committee
were very much in favor of the object of the
resolution and would be very glad indeed to
assist it; but probably the only way in which
it could be done would be by appropriating an
equal amount of money out of the Treasury.
It would be impossible for the Secretary of the
Treasury to pass upon the cases that would be
made under this act.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator see any
way in which that object could be accom-
plished?
Mr. SHERMAN. Only by a direct appro-
priation from the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar with the
adverse report of the committee if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts desires it.
Mr. SUMNER. No, I do not desire it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the joint
resolution will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1321) to provide for the redemp-
tion and sale of lands held by the United
States under the several acts levying direct
taxes, to report it with amendments. I ask
the attention of Senators to this bill. I intend
to call it up at an early day, and I wish their
attention to be directed to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
petition of Jacob Klein, praying to be allowed
to distill sour beer on hand by paying the tax
charged to distillers of fruits, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2997) to authorize the pay-
ment of duplicate checks of disbursing officers,
to report it back with sundry amendments;
and if there is no objection I ask to have it
considered now. I think it will not take more
than two or three minutes.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
The amendments of the Committee on
Finance were in line three, after the word
" checks/' to insert the words " issued for pen-
sions;'' in line five, after the word " author-
ized," to insert u after the expiration of six
months from the date of such checks;" and in
line ten, after the word u payment," to insert
t(and upon the execution of such bonds with
sureties to indemnify the United States;" so
as to make the bill read:
That in place of original checks issued for pen-
sions lost, stolen, or destroyed, disbursing officers
and agents of the United States are hereby author-
ized, after the expiration of six months from the
date of such checks, to issue duplicate checks, and
the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers, and designated
depositaries of the United States are directed to pay
such checks, drawn in pursuance of law by such offi-
cers or agents, upon notice and proof of the loss of
the original check or check5!, under such regulations
in regard to their issue and payment and upon the
execution of such bonds with sureties to indemuify
the United States as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe: Provided, That this act shall not
apply to any check exceeding in amount the sum of
$o00.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if these checks are drawn payable to bearer or
to order. Ought not the bill to specify "checks
payable to orderbecause if a check goes out
payable to bearer it is transferable by delivery ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Pension
checks always are payable to order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ought not those words
to be inserted here?
Mr. SHERMAN. All that is referred to
the regulations, and the regulations are on the
table before you.
Mr. TPuUMBULL. Are those regulations
prescribed by law or by the Treasury Depart-
ment?
