1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
lars a year? Is it worth while forus now, when
we are seeking objects of taxation, to do this
duty without any charge whatever, and thus
render it necessary to make np the deficiency
of revenue from general sources of taxation?
But that is not all. It must be viewed as a
question of political economy. Now, as a
question of political economy, the testimony
is overwhelming. I could produce here every
writer-on political economy in England and
in the United States to show that the coinage
charge is defensible and maintained by every
one of them as proper in itself. The general
proposition maybe made that the Government
of the United States ought not to do anything
conferring additional value upon the property
of individuals without receiving compensation.
This Government is established not for the pur-
pose of promoting the interests of private indi-
viduals purely, and the whole mintage system
is not established for the mere purpose of
inducing people to go into the manufacture or
digging of gold. The mints are established
merely for the purpose of securing the coin of
the country from debasement and from dete-
rioration, and we charge to those persons whose
coin is stamped with our insignia only the mere
cost of that process, seeking to make no money
out of them, and not seeking to confer upon
them an advantage or a benefit at the common
expense of all the people of the United States.
No country in the world has ever established
a system of free coinage but England, and
England has maintained it for one hundred and
fifty years against the judgment of every writer
<H1 political economy that has existed during
that time ; and within the last year a proposi-
tion has been made in Parliament to restore
the charge on coinage, and that proposition
iras only postponed for the present on the
Sjround that negotiations were going on to estab -
lish an international coinage, when all nations
ivould probably adopt a common rule of seign-
iorage. I have here-the debates in Parliament
(i year ago last summer on this subject. The
chancellor of the exchequer, Mr. Lowe, in
referring to this peculiar position of England
On the subject, quotes the opinions of several
tvell-known writers on political economy; and I
t rill read some of them." Sir Dudley North says:
" The free coinage is a perpetual motion found out,
hereby to melt and coin without ccasing, and so to
6 led goldsmiths and coiners at the public charge."
Adam Smith, the founder of the science of
political economy, says:
"When the tax upon a commodity is so moderate
rii not to encourage smuggling, the merchant who
duals in it, though he advances, does not properly
pisy the tax, as he gets it back in the price of the
commodity. The tax is finally paid by the last par-
ol aser or consumer. But money is a commodity with
regard to which every man is a merchant. Nobody
lays it but ill order to sell it again, and with regard
to it there is in ordinary cases no last purchaser
01 consumer. When the tax upon coinage, there-
fore, is so moderate os not to encourage false coin-
in* though everybody advances the tax, nobody
fit'ally pays it, because overybody gets it back m
the advanced value of the coin."
Our mintage charge is simply and purely the
ne t cost of the process, no more. Again, Adam
Smith says:
" The Government, when itdefrays the expense of
coinage, not only incurs some small expense, but
loses some small revenue, which it might get by a
proper duty; and neither the bank nor any °ther
private persons are in the smallest degree^bcncnted
by this useless piece of public generosity.
So McCulloch, a well-known English writer
on political economy, says:
"Coins charged with a seigniorage equal to the
expense of coinage do not pass at a higher value
than what naturally belongs to them, but at that
precise value; whereas if the expense oi coinage be
defrayed by the State, coins pass at less than their
real value."
Because it only passes at the value of bullion.
"A sovereign is of greater utility and value than
a piece of pure unfashioned gold bullion of the same
weight; because, while ifc is as well fitted as bullion
tor being used in the arts, it is, owing to the coinage,
better adapted for being used as money,.or in the
exchange of commodities. On what principle, then,
should Government decline to charge a seignior-
age or duty on coins equali to the expmseof coinage;
that is, to the value which, it adds to the coins?
41st Cons. 3d Skss.—No. 24.
Ricardo expresseshis opinion in stillstronger
terms. So Mr. Mill, in his Principles of Polit-
ical Economy, at great length comments upon
it. I will read a short extract from Mr. Mill:
" If Government, however, throws the expense
of coinage, as is reasonable, upon the holder, by
making a charge to cover the expense, (which is
done by giving back rather less in coin than has
been received in bullion, and is called levying a
seigniorage,) the coin will rise to the extent of the
seigniorage above the value of the bullion. If the
mint kept back one per cent, to pay the expense
of coinage, it would be against the interests of the
holdeis of bullion to have it coined until the coin
was more valuable than the bullion by at least that
fraction. The coin, therefore, would be kept one
per cent, higher in value, which could only be by
keeping it one per cent, less in quantity than if its
coinage were gratuitous."
So I might go on through the whole cata-
logue. While no nation in the world has ever
coined the gold of private individuals at the
expense of the public except England, yet
every writer on political economy in England
has always criticised and denounced this unwise
act on the part of the British Government, and
Mr. Lowe says that the very moment the sub-
jectof international coinage can be approached
by the common consent of all nations Great
Britain will undoubtedly charge the same seign-
iorage that is charged by other nations. In
Prance the seigniorage is one fourth pf one per
cent., in Germany it is rather more than our
own; in different countries, varies and is at
various rates, depending on the cost of mint-
ing ; and we propose now to reduce the coin-
age charge from one half to three tenths of one
per cent.
Why, Mr. President, what do we gain by
throwing away this revenue? Nothing what-
ever. Suppose we do convert all the bullion
made in the United States into coin, into
twenty-dollar gold pieces, and it is put up in
packages and exported in coin instead of in
bullion, do we gain anything? When it
reaches Great Britain it at once goes to the
mint there and is melted into English sov-
ereigns, and what do we gain? Nothing; but
we lose the labor we have put upon that coin.
When you change bullion into coin it does
not prevent its exportation; it only makes it
more convenient to export; and the very object
which the Senator from California wishes now
to attain is defeated by his proposition. He
says he wishes to prevent our gold coin from
being exported. Well, sir, if he makes the
gold into coin without cost, so that it repre-
sents simply the value of so much bullion, it
will be exported in coin and will be remelted
in foreign mints; because the coin of one
nation never passes current in a foreign nation
at precisely its full value in the coin of that
foreign nation, and the United States there-
fore lose the expense that may be put upon
this bullion, and it is a dead loss to the Govern-
ment, without a benefit to any single, solitary
soul. The United States, in assaying gold,
charge the expense, and so in every process of
work done at the Mint the cost of that pro-
cess is charged upon the gold that is refined
or assayed. This very bill provides that from
time to time the Secretary of the Treasury
shall regulate the amount of these expenses,
and shall chargc the owners of this gold de-
posited with the net cost. We apply the same
rule to coinage that we do to assaying or any
other process in the Mint.
I do not think it is necessary for me to pur-
sue this argument. The subject has been crit-
ically examined. The officers of the Mint at
Philadelphia, and, so far as I know, the offi-
cers connected with thig subject generally, with
whom it is a specialty, are in favor of retain-
ing this charge, except only the officers of the
mint at San Francisco, who desire to enlarge
their business at the expense of the people of
the United States. That is all there is of it.
If the United States should coin into twenty-
dollar gold pieces all the product of the gold
mines of the United States, and receive nothing
for it, who would be benefited? No one. The
Senator says the people would be benefited.
How? Is it of any advantage for-us to give
additional value to-gold coin to he* exported
abroad and to be remelted in th6 mints offor-
eign,countries? Not at al:l.. We get the full
value of that gold coin da qui: foreign commerce
wheu it is exported in the form ofbulliowj and
to convert it into gold coin will not prevent its
going abroad. On the contrary, the charge that
we make on minting that gold prevents it from
going abroad, because it raakesthe gold coin a
little more valuable than the bullion, and there-
fore the gold coin will not go abroad, and the
expense of minting will not be lost.
This bill has been carefully framed. It con-
siderably increases the expense of the mints
of the United States; it lowers the amount of
the mintage charge. I believe, on the whole,
it is a careful, a prudent, and a safe revision
of the mintage laws; and if the Senator from
California and persons who are interested in
this question are not satisfied with the very
large benefits that are conferred on their par-
ticular region by the terms of this bill 1 do
not think it is wise for the people of the United
States to assume more than they have already
done, the expense of coinage. -The mints are
not entirely self-supporting, although nearly
so, under the present law, and under this bill
they probably will not be quite self-supporting;
but we may make enough in the profit of coin-
ing the nickel coin and the silyer coinage,
where the mintage is practically a great deal
more than it is on gold coinage, to cover the
expenses of the mints. Further than that we
should not go.
We do not adopt this principle in any other
matter of Government business. We do not
carry people's letters for nothing, although that
would be a great convenience and would pro-
mote the carrying of letters. We do not coin
silver without charging for it; on the contrary,
we get a profit of about two per cent., and on
the nickel coinage we get a much larger profit.
We do not propose to do anything for private
citizens unless we are reimbursed the expenses
of that outlay; and there is no justice, no pro-
priety in taxing the farmers "of the United
States, or the merchants of the United States,
or the people .of the United States generally,
this additional expense of one hundred or one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to maintain
our mints, merely for the purpose of giving a
fancied benefit to the diggers of gold 111 Cali-
fornia. I think it could be easily demonstrated,
if time would allow and the interest in the sub-
ject would justify the attempt, that the miners
themselves would not receive one single parti-
cle of benefit from this abolition of the coinage
charge, and that the only benefit would be that
all the gold of California might be forced into
the Mint of the United States, there to go
through an expensive process at the cost of
the people of the United States, without con-
ferring on it one single cent's additional value
for exportation or use. I think the Senators
from the Pacific coast ought to be satisfied
with the liberality of the terms of this bill, and
I hope they will not press their resistance to
this amendment, because I assure thorn its
defeat would transfer to and throw upon the
United States the entire cost of minting gold
coin, and would unquestionably defeat the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the Senator from
Ohio has proved, from his own demonstration,
that the coinage of gold in this country will
prevent it going abroad, and therefore will re-
tain the com in this country. As I understand
this subject, it is the desire of this country to
j retain the gold in it and to make the coin as
dear for shipment abroad as possible, thus mak-
ing it an object to ship abroad wheat, cotton,
and other products of our country and keep the
gold at home in order that we may once more
return to specie payments. The more we tax
gold here, of course the dearer we.make it at
home. When you place the alloy in the gojd
and coin it, you make it so much less desirable
to send it abroad. If you send refined bars
abroad without this alloy, of course it is cheaper
