1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Treasury Depart-
ment. This bill, as amended, only extends to
checks for pensions 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The regulations are
liable to be changed.
Mr. SHERMAN. This only extends to
cheeks for pensions the same law that now
relates to checks for small bounties, and all
these checks are payable to order. The Treas-
ury regulations which are on the table show it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be printed and let
us see liow it reads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not examined
the printed regulations, but it occurred to me
that it might be well to put in the words here
" checks payable to order." There cannot be
any objection to that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are payable to order
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that the bill
and amendments be printed in the regular way
and we can look at them by to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar. Reports of commit-
tees are still in order.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2579) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1872, have instructed me to
report it back with amendments. I will call
up this bill as soon after it is printed and on
the desks of Senators as I can.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2067) directing the Secretary of State
to cause to be brought home and interred the
remains of Generals Asboth and Sfceadman,
who died in the service of the United States
abroad, and the bill (H. R. No. 2112) to
authorize the Secretary of State to send home
the remains of Elisha N. Saulnier, late Uni-
ted States consul at Vera Cruz, have had the
same under consideration, and directed me
to report adversely. In making these two
reports, I will say that the committee came to
that conclusion very reluctantly ; but they felt
that the passage of these bills would be the
practical adoption of a rule by which the Gov-
ernment would be bound forever afterward
to bring home the remains of all public ser-
vants dying abroad; aud we did not feel dis-
posed to adopt such a rule at this time by
action on individual cases. I therefore move
that the bills be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1590) for the relief of the Sisters
of Our Lady of Mercy of Charleston, South
Carolina, reported it without amendment, and
asked for itspresent consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My excuse for asking
that it go over is that I did not know it had
been considered in committee; but that is
probably not the committee's fault, as I am
not always able to be there.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1339) to provide for the selection of cadets
to the Military and Naval Academies ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1310) for the relief of Algernon S. Cadwalla-
der, late collector of internal revenue and dis-
bursing agent fifth district of Pennsylvania ;
Jwhich was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
• Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 319) donating the military reserva-
tion of Fort Harker in the State of Kansas as
an experimental school for the purpose of tree
culture; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1582) authorizing terms of United States dis-
trict courts to be held at Helena, Arkansas.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as ih Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. The first section provides
that in addition to the terms of the district
court of the United States for the eastern dis-
trict of Arkansas, required by existing law?"to
bo held at the seat of government of the State,
there shall be held by the judge of the district
two terms of the court in each year at the city
of Helena, on the second Mondays of March
and September. The second section provides
that such number of jurors shall be summoned
by the marshal at every term of the court to
be held at Helena as may have been ordered
at a previous term or by the district judge in
vacation. By the third section the district
judge may adjourn any of the terms of the
court provided for in the act from time to
time, to suit the convenience of litigants and
to meet the necessities of the business of such
terms; and the intervention of a term of the
court at any other place shall not preclude the
power to adjourn over to a future day. The
fourth section provides for a clerk of the court,
to be appointed in like manner as other clerks
of the district courts of the United States, who
shall keep his office in the city of Helena, and
who shall be subject to all the duties enjoined
by law on clerks of the district courts. But
no court is to be held in pursuance of the act
until an instrument in writing, duly executed
by the proper authorities of the county of
Phillips, agreeing to furnish suitable rooms
for the holding of the court, for the term of
ten years, without any charge to the Govern-
ment of the United States, shall first be filed
in the office of the clerk of the court at Little
Rock.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line four of
sectiou one, to strike out " eastern " and insert
" western and in line five, to strike out the
words "the seat of government of" and
insert "Van Buren:" so that the section
will read:
That in addition to the terms of the district court
of the United States for the western district of Ark-
ansas, required by existing laws to bo held at Van
Buren, in the State of Arkansas, there shall be held
by the judge of said district two terms of said court
in each year at the city of Helena, in said State, on
the second Mondays of March and September.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to iusert as addi-
tional sections the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the coun-
ties of Phillips, Crittenden, Mississippi, Craighead,
Greene, Randolph, Lawrence, Sharp, Poinsett, Cross,
St. Franci?, Monroe, Woodruff, Jackson, Independ-
ence, Izzard, Marion, Fulton, and Boone, in said
State, shall hereafter be deemed aud bo a part of the
western district of Arkansas; and there shall be
appointed by tho President of the United States, by
and with the advice and conscnt of tho Senate, a
district judge for the western district aforesaid, who
shall, from and after the time of his appointment,
hold tho terms of court at the times and places re-
quired by law. Said district judge shall be paid tho
same salary and in the same manner as the judge
of the eastern district of said State.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That so much
of an act entitled "An act to divide the district of
Arkansas into two judicial districts," approved
March 3,1S51, as gives the judgo of the district of
Arkansas jurisdiction over the western district of
said State, and all laws inconsistent herewith, are
hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is one of a series
of bills to which 1 think the attention of the
Senate ought to be culled. Tin; object of the
bill that is now before the Senate is to appoint
another judge and the other officers for another
district court in the State of Arkansas; and
I shall be very glad to have the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
to these bills, for I think the finances of the
country are to be affected by them. I in-
tended to collate the bills and show how many
of them there were, but I think I may safely
say there are at least ten bills pending for the
creation of additional judicial districts in the
United States. The bill immediately before
the Senate provides for the appointment of a
judge and other officers in one of the districts
of Arkansas.
This is the way that new districts are cre-
ated, Mr. President. The first step in the pro-
cess is to authorize the holding of a court, and
in your State of Indiana that process has already
been begun for the holding of courts at two
places in Indiana. When the proposition to
hold the courts at Evansville and New Albany
was suggested a year ago it was said, "Nobody
can have c.ny objection to that; it will be very
convenient to have a court at New Albany and
another at Evansville; and it will be no ex-
pense ; the judge can go down there and hold
court." That was all very well; but we have
now got a bill before us for adding a little to
what was done last year. The bill this year
for Indiana does not provide for two more
judges, but it provides for dividing the State
substantially into three districts. Then it will
only be the expense next year of a judge and
a marshal and an attorney and the other offi-
cers ; and then when they are established we
shall have there what we are now having in
Michigan. The first thing was to establish a
court over on the western side of the State of
Michigan. Then that was followed directly by
a proposition, and I do not know how much
is to be appropriated this year, $300,000, I
believe, to erect public buildings at Grand
Haven for the purpose of accommodating the
court at Grand Haven ; and these appropria-
tions follow along one after another.
There are serious objections to the multipli-
cation of the judicial districts of the United
States, outside of the mere expense. We shall
have a hundred districts directly, and then
perhaps two hundred. There is a proposition
pending to increase the salaries of the district
judges to $5,000 apiece, and one hundred
judges alone will cost you half a million a
year.
But there are.other objections more weighty
than these, in my judgment, which should
receive the consideration of the Senate before
we embark upon this general system of divid-
ing up the judicial districts in the United
States. I do not remember the present popu-
lation of the State of Arkansas; it is some-
thing less than a million, however.
Mr. RICE. About half a million.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
bear with me while I state a few facts on this
subject. I have no interest in this bill at all.
I should be very happy to cooperate with the
Senator from Arkansas, who is a member
of the Judiciary Committee, and this bill is
reported from that committee. I am sorry to
say the committee seems to have broken down,
a majority of it, in trying to prevent the estab-
lishment of these numerous districts. We
resisted them for awhile when there were only
two or three at each session ; but when they
got to be a dozen, and they united together,
they succeeded in breaking down a majority
of the committee, and I very much apprehend
that they will take a majority of the Senate
with them; but I wish the Senate to know
where we are drifting and where we are going.
Now here is the State of Arkansas, with
about half a million of inhabitants, with two
full district courts and district judges, with all
the paraphernalia attending them. If the
State of Arkansas, with half a million of peo-
ple, is entitled to them, then other States will
be. There sits the Senator from California
