870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to send them abroad than any other commodity,
andtherefore you ship your gold abroad instead
oft wheat and cotton. I think, from the argu-
ment of the Senator from Ohio himself, it is
very clear that it is for the interest of this Gov-
ernment to retain the gold here and to ship
abroad wheat from Ohio and cotton from the
southern States.
This charge of three tenths of one per cent,
is not a matter of such great importance to the
miner of California or of the Pacific coast. It
is not upon that ground that I desire the abo-
lition of this coinage charge. I would ^place
it upon the ground of advantage to the United
States Government in once more returning to
specie payments, to a sound basis which we all
so much admire. It is to that point that we
have endeavored to legislate. The abolition
of this charge is one of the very things that
will tend to a return to specie payments. It
seems to me that this is a matter in which every
State in the Union is interested. We do not
ask that the Pacific coast shall be relieved from
this paltry Bum of $100,000. We ask, in the
national interest, that the people be relieved
from the charge upon coinage in order that
the bullion may be retained in the country.
That is the point. What is this small charge
of $100,000 to the Pacific coast? It is not
upon that ground that we place our opposition
to it. I think it is very conclusively proved,
from the remarks of the Senator from Ohio
himself, that it would be of great advantage
to this country to relieve it from this coinage
charge.
What has been the result in England of
abolishing the coinage charge altogether?
The result is that all the bullion is flowing
to England, where it can be coined without
charge, and where it will remain, thus placing
their currency upon a sound basis. We wish
to make this country the moneyed, center of
the world, and if we can reduce the coinage
charge and retain the coin in our own country,
rather than send' it abroad, it will tend more
than anything else to make us the moneyed
center of the world. The coinage charge in
Prance, the Senator says, is about one fourth
of one per cent., and of course bullion to a
great extent has flown to France and to Eng-
land, but England is the great center where
all the bullion flows.
I hone that the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance will not be adopted.
I think this bill was originally prepared and
sent to the Senate with a view that it might be
to the interest of this country to abolish the
coinage charge, thereby retaining the bullion
in the country, putting our own stamp upon it,
putting our own alloy in the coin, and making
it dearer to be shipped abroad. By these
means it will be retained here. For these
reasons I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I was not
ableto concur with the Committee on Finance,
of which I have the honor to be a member, in
reporting this amendment. I think, notwith-
standing the authorities cited by the distin-
guished Senator from Ohio, good reasons can
be given for the adoption of the bill as it was
presented to the Senate by the Treasury De-
partment. I consider it a sufficient answer to
all the English authorities which he has cited
upon this point to say that in the year 1870
the British Parliament enacted a law, in the
eighth section of "which they provided that—
'"Where any person brings to the mint any gold
bullion, such bullion shall be assayed and coined
.and delivered out to such person, without any charge
for such assay or coinage, or for waste in coinage."
So that in 1870 it was the judgment of the
English Parliament, notwithstanding those au-
thorities, that it was expedient to abolish the
coinage charge at the mint in that country.
By reference to those authorities it will be
seen that tlipy do not uphold the position which
the hotmiable Senator has taken ; and if they
did, it doi-s not necessarily follow that they
ongbt to have weight in the discussion of this
question, for the reason that the United States
is a gold-producing country. England is not
a gold-producing country, and reasons might
exist there in favor of a coinage charge which
would not exist in or apply to the United
States.
It is a mistake to suppose that this bill, as
it was originally framed, is for the particular
benefit of the people of the Pacific coast, or
of any part of the United States. It is a bill
that was framed by persons who do not reside
upon that coast, and who are not in any way
interested in its affairs any further than all
the citizens of the country are interested in
such affairs. The bill proceeds upon the ground
that the abolition of this coinage charge will
promote the interests of all the people of the
United States. The chief argument against
this amendment is in the fact that the imposi-
tion of a coinage charge has a tendency to
facilitate or increase the exportation of bul-
lion, while the abolition of that charge has a
tendency to cause that bullion to be converted
into coin in this country.
It is not pretended that coin will not be ex-
ported if the charge provided for in this amend-
ment should be abolished ; but it will only be
exported to meet the balance of trade that may
exist against the United States. But now the
exportation of bullion is a matter of commerce,
for persons can go into the market in the city
of San Francisco and elsewhere and buy up
bullion, export it to England, and have it con-
verted into coin free of charge, and make money
in the operation; so that there is an induce-
ment for the exportation of bullion to Europe
for purposes of speculation ; and of course the
more bullion there is exported to Europe the
less will be converted into coin in this country,
and to that extent the coin circulation of the
United States will be reduced.
It is in vain for any man to put forward his
theories or speculations on this subject when
actual experience demonstrates the fact that
this coinage charge produces these injurious
results. Sir, is it not desirable that the volume
of coin in the United States should be increased
as much as possible ? Is it not wise to legislate
in that direction?- Do we not need a more
extended basis of coin for our currency?
The Senator from Ohio says that the theory
is that the Mint should be a self-sustaining
institution. But that is not the true theory of
the Government, and it never was the theory
of the Government until the year 1858. Prior
to that year coinage in the United States was
free. It was in that year that this coinage
charge was imposed, and now, by the abolition
of this charge, it is proposed to return to the
old theory of the Government, and to abolish
this extraordinary tax imposed in consequence
of an emergency existing at the time the laws
were enacted. The Senator is mistaken, there-
fore, in supposing that it has been the theory
of the Government to compel persons whose
bullion was converted into coin to pay a charge
so that the business might be maintained with-
out any expense to the Government.
1 understand that the chief usefulness of the
Mint is to furnish coin to the people of the
country. Is it the business of the Mint alto-
gether to take the bullion of a private citizen
and to convert it into coin; and is it to be
regarded altogether as a transaction for the
benefit of that private individual, or is it to be
regarded as a transaction on the part of the
Government for the purpose of furnishing to
the people a circulating medium, one that is
safe and reliable for every part of the country ?
If there is any kind of business in this country
that ought to be conducted free of expense it
seems to me it is the conversion of bullion into
coin, if the proceeding in that way will tend
to increase the amount of coin in this country.
The Senator shows that the abolition of this
charge will not, to any considerable extent,
reduce the revenues of the country. He says
that now this coinage charge produces about
the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, and under the proposed amendment
it will produce $100,000. If the abolition of
that inconsiderable amount of tax upon bullion
will tend to increase the coin circulation of
this country, then it seems to me it will be
wise and expedient to abolish that charge.
Some American authorities have been re-
ferred to by the Senator. He refers to what a
Mr. Patterson says, and assumes that Mr. Pat-
terson is an authority upon the subject. That
maybe true; but many others of equal respect-
ability favor the abolition of this charge, and
the bill which was sent to the Senate by the
Treasury Department is the result of a deliber-
ate, careful, patient investigation of this ques-
tion upon all the authorities. After consulting
all persons in the United States who were sup-
posed to possess any knowledge upon this sub-
ject, those engaged in assaying, refining, and
coining, it was the judgment of the Treasury
Department that it would be for the benefit of
the country to remove this charge for opinage.
I will refer to what is said by the officers of the
mint in San Francisco; and I do not wish that
this question shall be in any way prejudiced
by the idea that it .is legislation for the partic-
ular benefit of that section of the country. Is
it for the benefit of the Pacific States alone that
the volume of specie in this country should be
increased ? Is not that what we all desire? Is
not that the purpose to which much of our
legislation is directed? These officers say:
"It will be observed that the officers of this branch
are of the opinion that the seigniorage or coinage
charge ought to be entirely repealed, without re-
ducing thew eight of the coins; and further, that in
the thirty-fourth section of the proposed law (with
the exception of the treasurer) they venture with
great deference to recommend, on tbe suggestion of
the able and experienced assay er of this branch,
that the entire charge for refining bullion deposited
for coinage be abolished, or, in other words, that the
Government confer upon the mining interests of the
country the benefit of a free mint. Some of the gen-
eral reasons for this recommendation may be briefly
stated as follows."
Now, look at the reasons and then judge of
the proposition. I think that the value of the
authority dependsmore upon the reasons given
for the opinion than upon the Barnes of the
individuals expressing them:
"1. It is believed that the policy of our Government
should tend to the retention of American bullion at
home, rather than allow the difference between the
mint charges of our own and foreign countries to
operate as a premium to encourage its shipment
abroad.
"2. That such a modification of the laTf would to
some extent stimulate mining enterprise, encourage
an important butpoorlypaid branch of industry, and
increase our annual product of tbe precious metals.
"3. Xhafc this charge, byraisingthe mint yalue of
bullion above its market value for shipment, would
increase our coinage, swell the volume of specie m
circulation, stimulate tbe exporting of other com-
modities than gold and silver, to adjust balances of
trade, and in some slight deegree facilitate the
resumption of specie payments.
"4. The entire cost of refining''— ^
That word "refining" I think means "coin-
ing"—
" the total bullion product of tbe country, say
$36,000,000, would not exceed $200,000, and we hasard
the opinion that the advantages to he derived would
many times exceed that sum."
That is signed bythe superintendent, assayer,
coiner, and melter and refiner of the branch
mint at San Francisco; and I undertake to
say that they have no interest whatever in this
question. The idea that they are prompted
to express these opinions for the purpose of
enlarging their business is a very extraordinary
one. They receive nothing more than their
salaries for what they do, and if their business
is increased they will be compelled to do more
work than they do now for the same sum of
money. But, sir, they have a better oppor-
tunity of knowing the effect of this coinage
charge than any other officers connected with
the Treasury Department, because there is
where the bullion is produced. They can see
with their own eyes Englishmen, Frenchmen,
and other Europeans about San Francisco buy-
ing up the bullion and exporting it to Europe
for purposes of speculation, thus preventing its
