1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
I ask them to support., and I should like to
have the bill reported in extenso. I am satis-
fied if the Senate can understand the nature
of the bill which is the regular order there
will be no opposition to proceeding with it.
I think I may safely say that no serious oppo-
sition will be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was
reached last evening, at the close of the debate
on the resolution in regard to the Senator-elect
from Georgia, and it was left as unfinished
business.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator give way to me
that 1 may make a motion? I wish to ask the
Senate to give me an evening session for the
consideration of the Sutro tunnel bill. I sim-
ply want to say to the Senate on this Subject
that it is a bill which interests large portions
of this country. I desire to have some action
on it, whether it be favorable or unfavorable.
The constituency that I represent, and all that
section of the mineral region, desire that it
should be considered and some conclusion
come to on it. I ask for to-morrow evening,
and I hope the Senate will grant it.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
N evada asks unani mous consent that to- morrow
evening there may be an evening session at
half past seven for the purpose of considering
the Sutro tunnel bill. Is there objection ?
Mr. BAYARD and others. I object.
Mr. NYE. I give notice that I shall renew
this request every morning until I can get it.
iiocr op meeting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill before
the Senate will be read.
Mr. COLE. If the present pending business
can be disposed of without debate, I shall not
interfere with such a disposition of it; but I
gave notice yesterday that it was necessary for
us to proceed with the unfinished appropri-
ation bill to day, and I trust I shall be allowed
to move to take up that bill whenever there is
any debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
bill will be read.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Louisiana if he will not allow me to call tip a
resolution I offered yesterday to fix the meet-
ing of the Senate at eleven o'clock instead of
twelve 1
Mr. KELLOGG-. I should like to dispose
of this bill first.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Senator from
Indiana asks unanimous consent to consider
the resolution fixing the hour of meeting at
eleven o'clock. Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to suggest be-
fore that is called up that the committees are
not through with their business yet. I know
it is the case with the committee of which I
have the honor to have charge, and it is im-
possible for ns to dispose of business in com-
mittee if the Senate meets at eleven o'clock.
That resolution bad better go over to next
week. To-morrow, for instance, is the day on
which the Committee on the Judiciary meet,
and it is very important that we should have
a meeting of a couple of hours in the morn-
ing. Suppose we begin to meet at eleven next
week, or not before Thursday of this week at
any rate.
Mr. POMEROY. Say "after Thursday of
this week."
Mr. MORTON. I will modify my resolu-
tion by saying "commencing on Thursday of
this week."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks consent that on Thursday
of this week, and henceforth during the ses-
sion, the Senate shall meet at eleven o'clock.
Is there objection?
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator to mod-
ify that resolution to read "after Thursday,"
not "t  Thursday."
Mr. MORTON. I will say "after Thurs-
day."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
modifies his resolution so as to commence on
Friday at eleven o'clock. Is there objection ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
is that the Senate shall meet hereafter, com-
mencing on Friday, at eleven o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us make it next
Monday.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Chair state the
proposition ?
Mr. POMEROY. Let us take the question
on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, as there is a bill pending.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania allow us to take the vote ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senate considering this resolution ?
The Chair hears no objection to the consider-
ation of the resolution. There is none. It is
now pending, and the motion is that on Friday
the Senate meet at eleven o'clock and thence-
forward during the remainder of the session.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I moved to
substitute Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to strike out "Friday"
and insert " Monday."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make an inquiry,
whether, if we adopt this order, it will be in
the power of the Senate, without a day's notice
given for rescinding the order, to change back
to twelve or any other hour?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be an
order of the Senate, and of course a resolu-
tion rescinding it would have to lie over one
day, if objected to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then when the proper
time comes I will move to amend, so that it
will be in the power of the Senate to change
the time, if it'finds it convenient to do so, on
any day that it does not wish to come so early.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to my friend from
Vermont that I think the point which he de-
sires to accomplish may be done in this way:
to-day any Senator may make a motion that
when the Senate adjourn it adjourn to meet
at twelve o'clock to-morrow, notwithstanding
the standing order may fix eleven o'clock as
the hour of meeting. May he not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He.can.
Mr. POMEROY. This begins by saying
that "until otherwise ordered, the daily meet-
ing" shall be so and so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it is stated by the
Chair that we cannot otherwise order except
on a day's notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hold that it can be done if that is the desire
of the Senate. If they desire to reserve that
right, it can be done without requiring one
day's notice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it ought to be so.
I think the standing rule, although undoubt-
edly rightly construed by the Chair, was in-
tended as it now stands, using the expression
"unless otherwise ordered," to enable the
Senate to control the hour of its sitting with-
out a day's notice; and therefore I hope it
will be understood that the Chair shall rule
that the hour of our sitting may be changed
from day to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that there is no dissent to this con-
struction ; and the question recurs oti the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
to strike out " Friday " and insert " Monday"
as the day on which the meetings shall com-
mence at eleven o'clock.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask that Saturdays
be excepted. I have so many Republican
friends in my State who want my very poten-
tial influence with this Administration for
office that I think I ought to have one day to
go to the Departments in their behalf, so that
I can serve my constituents. One day in the
week is little enough, I think. In old slave-
holding times we had Saturday afternoons any-
how, and now that we have freedom every-
where I think we ought at least to have Sat-
urday afternoon to attend to the wants of our
constituents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that ad-
journing from Friday to Monday would depend
on the action of the Senate each Friday. It
cannot be controlled by a resolution now. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to strike out "Friday"
and insert "Monday next" as the time at
which the daily meetings shall commence at
eleven o'clock.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon agreeing to the resolution as
amended, that, on and after Monday next, the
Senate meet daily at eleven o'clock.
The resolution was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate wa3
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 3033) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State;
A bill ( H. R. No. 303-1) to protect national
cemeteries, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3035) to enable the Jack-
son, Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company
to change the northern terminus of its road
from Traverse bay to the straits of Mackinaw,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 179)
authorizing water-gauges to be established and
observations to be made upon the Mississippi
river and its principal tributaries, with a view
to obtaining information required for the pro-
tection of the alluvial lands against overflow
and for the improvement of navigation.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1338) granting a pension
to Martha Davis;
A bill (H. R. No. 2308) granting a pension
to Abraham Tufflemire ;
A bill (S. No. 569) to provide for the dispo-
sition of useless military reservations ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 499) author-
izing the Farmers' National Bank of Fort
Edward, New York, to change its location
and name;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 481) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Interior to dispose of
certain documents;
A bill (H. R. No. 1193) granting a pension
to Thomas J. Fiss ;
A bill (H. II. No. 1339) for the relief of
Maria Lea ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1407) granting a pension
to Mrs. Eliza Webb, widow of Daniel S. Webb,
late a private in company G, eighth regiment
of Tennessee cavalry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1993) granting a pension
to Josephine Donahue ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 223S) granting a pension
to Mary J. Pearson ;
A bill (H, R. No. 2296) granting a pension
i to William Sickles; .
| A bill til. R. No. 2297) granting a pension
i to Isabella Smith ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2301) granting a pension
to Louisa P. Shellhart;
A bill (H. R. No. 2302) granting a pension
to Caroline V. Cram ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2306) granting a pension
to Orson R. Willard;
