1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
conversion into the coin of this country; and
seeing these things they know that it would be
of advantage, that it would increase the coin
circulation of the country to prevent, if possi-
ble, this exportation of bullion.
Now I will read from a report made by John
Jay Knox, which expresses in a more perspic-
uous manner than I can employ the reasons
for the bill which was reported to the Senate
without this amendment. He says:
"The coinage charge at the French mint is about
one fifth of one per cent.; our present charge is one
half of one per cent. Our coinage charge it is now
proposed to abolish in order to conform to the prac-
tice of our own Mint prior to the act of February 21,
1853, and for the reason that it should be the policy
of the Government to hinder rather, than to encour-
age the export of bullion. Our present laws have
the effect to induce bankers to ship bullion as acom-
inodity for thepurposeof makingsterling exchange.
A very intelligent gentleman upon the Pacific coast,
who is thoroughly familiar with this question, in a
recent publication thus refers to the subject."
I invite attention now to what this gentleman
says. I invite the attention of the Senate to
the force and conclusiveness of his argument
on this point:
" 'I do not desire to be understood as arguing that
any change of our mint laws will put a stop to the
export of the precious metals when it becomes
necessary for the adjustment of the balanceof trade.
That is one of those inexorable commercial necessi-
ties so well understood that it would be folly to pre-
tend to the discovery of any expedient that would
obviate it. My proposition simply is, that when the
balance of trade is not againstus the precious metals
are exported as commodities for the profit on their
out-turn above the par of exchange, or may be so
exported in excess of what the balance of trade
requires. In other words, when the market is abund-
antly supplied with commercial bills, with which
bankers could cover their own exchange, they still
prefer to ship bullion, not only as being a safer
remittance, but as also furnishing a profiton the out-
turn equal to, or perhaps exceeding, the discounton
commercial bills. Furthermore, that while the bal-
ance may be against us in the aggregate, yet, with
reference to particular periods of time and to par-
ticular countries, it may be in our favor, and that a
nation may become an importer of the precious
metals as commodities without reference to the bal-
ance of trade. Such, indeed, is our daily experience
" ' While we are exporting our unrefined gold and
silver to Europe and our refined metals to China wo
are importing gold from British Columbia and sil-
ver from Mexico. While in the last ten years we
have exported $612,000,000 of our native product, we
have imported $lo7,0LH).0y0 of foreign treasure, and
yet we receiveno practiealbencfitfromitasameans
of increasing our metallic circulation; for it no sooner
reaches our market than it commands a premium
above its value in our Mint for reexport, when it is
in the form of bullion; and when in [foreign] coins
it only entails a loss upon American commerce, as
they are received abroad at a greater valuation than
they will realize either in our market or at our mints;
and we are, therefore, in every event, and under every
condition of trade, the loser; that as the commercial
value of gold as a commodity is greater than its value
in our mints our own production seeks other markets
uncoined, and that of other nations avoids ours.
While, however, there is a profit in the export of
uncoined bullion, taken at its valuation in our mints,
there is always a loss on the export of our coins taken
at their current value. The result, therefore, of modi-
fying our mint charges so as to conform to those or
other nations would be to raise the coinmgvalue of
gold at home above its commercial value, and there-
by make itmore valuable forcoinage than torexport.
It would therefore all seek our mints for coinage;
and when once coined, would be the very last thing
any one would want to ship, and never would bo
exported except in cases ot absolute necessity, and
when no other modium of exchange could be pro-
cured
Dr. Linderman, the late Director of the Mint,
who is thoroughly posted on this subject, as
much so as any man in the country, gives
his opinion on this question in the following
words:
" My attention was attracted to the very small
amount of refining and coinage executed at the
branch mint at San Francisco compared with the
production of the country, and I was naturaMy.ied
to inquire for an explanation. A duo examina-
tion of the subject soon satisfied me as to the cause,
which I found to be, tliat under our present system
of mint laws bullion has a higher commercial value
for export than for coinage m the Mint, which not
only affects the local interests of that coast, but in
view oi the diminishing product of the precious met-
als, bccomes a q uestion of national importance. Ihe
reason lor this is, that as gold and silver are chiefly
v-'iluablo for the purpose of manufacturing money
the co«t incidental to coinage necessarily determines
the value of the bullion. I find, on comparison, and
especially at San Francisco, that the expenses of
coinage are much greater than abroad, and hence
our metallic Profuctcommands a higher pace mlor-
ei«n countries than can be realised by its coinage
at home. The principal charge tending to produce
this result is that of half of one per cent, for coinage,
which is above that of any other nation, and espe-
cially France and England, where most of our gold
bullion is exported.
"The importance of this subject had presented
itself in a measure to me while I was Director of
the Mint, and in my annual report for 18681 recom-
mended its reduction from a half to a quarter of one
per cent; but my examination at San Francisco has
led me to consider the subject more thoroughly, and
I am convinced that it should be abrogated alto-
gether, and that we should return to our uniform
practice prior to 1853, which was to coin gold without
charge, not only as an expedient for encouraging
coinage, but as being more consistent with the the-
ory of money as a universal standard of value. _ A
few examples will demonstrate the fact that bullion
is, as I have before stated, of greater commercial
value in our markets for export than for coinage at
the Mint."
Then he proceeds and gives tables, showing
the difference between the value of bullion for
purposes of exportation and its value at the
Mint, from which it appears mathematically
certain that this charge upon the coinage of
bullion at onr Mint tends to its exportation,
and that it can be purchased in San Francisco
and shipped to Europe, for the purposes of
coinage, at a profit.
These are some of the reasons for the re-
moval of this charge imposed in the year 1853,
and therefore is of recent date; and I should
like to know if there are not greater reasons
existing at this time than there ever were prior
to 1853 for increasing our metallic circulation?
Ought not we to do everything in our power
to prevent the exportation of our precious
metals to foreign countries? Is not that our
true policy? When this bullion is converted
into coin, the coin will not be exported for
purposes of speculation. It may be exported
in some cases to adjust the balances of trade.
But if there be no bullion in the market to
purchase, then other products of the country
will be purchased upon which a profit can be
made. They will purchase our wheat and
other products, upon which they can make a
profit by their transportation to Europe, and
in that way they will meet the balances of
exchange, and the tendency of this legislation
will be to retain the bullion in the country, to
have it made into money at our Mint, and to
increase the volume of our metallic circulation.
Now, sir, if the people of the United States
cannot afford to pay $100,000 for this result,
then it seems to me they cannot afford to do
anything whatever tending to the resumption
of specie payments.
I think it a very trifling argument to say that
the farmers of the country will be taxed if this
$100,000 charge is abolished for the purpose
of enabling the miners of the country to benefit
themselves by having their bullion converted
into coin without charge. _ Is it not the true
policy of this country, even if that were true, to
encourage the mining interests ? Is there any
such interest in the United States of so much
consequence as that interest which produces
the precious metals ? Is there any so great
danger now to the financial affairs of this
country as the rapid and constant exportation
of the precious metals, removing the founda-
tion upon which our system of currency rests ?
When the coin is taken out of the country,
when there are no means left for the redemp-
tion of our paper currency, then it will fall
into ruin and the nation be involved in a con-
dition of bankruptcy.
For these reasons it is manifestly to our
advantage as a people to legislate in every way
that we can for the purpose of retaining in the
United States the precious metals and increas-
ing the amount of our coin currency.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am op-
posed to this mint charge, because I believe it
to be a discriminating and unjust tax against
the producer of gold. I believe it operates in
practice very harshly on the producer. _ He
not only has to pay it for what he has coined,
but he has to pay it for what he does not have
coined. The price of bullion is regulated by
its mint value. The Mint charges one half of
one per cent, at the present time for coinage.
That is not only deducted from the bullion
coined, but it is deducted from the bullion ex-
ported. The whole product of bullion in the
United States, I believe, is sixty millions,' of;
which you coined about twenty-five millions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Twenty-nine millions. "
Mr. STEWART. You coin, then, about
one half of it. That whole sixty-millions suf-"
fers a depreciation of one half of one percent.,
which makes this charge a tax of ope per cent,
upon what is really coined, because it all suffers
that depreciation and that diminution of its
market value. The result is that men estab-
lish themselves as agents from Great Britain,
and some from Prance, (though it is not so
profitable in that country, because they have a
slight mint charge there, about one half what
ours is,) for the purpose of buying bullion, and
they can make a good business out of that one
half of one per cent.
It seems to me idle for us to quote as
authority against free mintage and against the
practice of England for the last one hundred
' and fifty years the opinion of one or two pro-
fessors. What has been the result of her prac-
tice ? It has enabled her agents to buy bullion
all over the world. It has made England,
which is not a bullion-producing country, the
center of the bullion market of the world. It
has given her merchants and her bankers the
handling of the bullion of the world. It has
given her chemists and metallurgists the reduc-
tion of the bullion of the world. From this
bullion, when brought there, they extract vari-
ous foreign substances, besides goldand silver,
out of which a large amount of money is made.
It gives them, as against those engaged in the
same business in this country, an advantage
of one half of one per cent, besides the advan-
tage they have in cheap labor.
This is a tax that has not always been im-
posed upon the miners. It was put on, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Oregon, in 1853.
It is a tax that reduces the value of a very im-
portant commodity, a product on which this
country lilies now more than upon any other;
for while the nation is in debt it is important
that we should have the largest possible yield
of the precious metals. The more of the pre-
cious metals that we produce the cheaper they
will be, and the less burdensome will be out-
debt. If you could double the amount of the
aggregate of the precious metals in the world,
thus depreciating their value nearly one half,
you would almost relieve the nation of one half
of its present embarrassment on account of the
burdens of the public debt. It seems to me
extraordinary under such circumstances that,
for the purpose of getting the paltry sum of
$100,000 a year, we should depreciate the
entire product ot the bullion ot the United
States one half of one per cent. .
The Constitution provides that the United
States shall coin money. It is coined for the
convenience of the whole commercial com-
munity; and it seems to me that in this coun-
try, as in England, that now in this country as
before 1853, the little charge for converting
bullion into standard United States gold and
silver coin should be borne by the country at
large. I do not think we ought to be, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio, searching
for sources of revenue, searching for articles
to tax. It seems to me that our revenue is
such that we need not be searching to increase
it particularly. The statement of the Secre-
tary of tbe Treasury shows, since the 1st of
March, 1869, a payment on the public debt of
$100,000,000. From the 1st of March, 1869,
to the 1st of January, 1871, we have paid off
$106,000,000 of debt! It seems to me we
have sources of taxation enough, and this
small, unjust, inconvenient, discriminating tax
against the production of gold and silver ough t
not longer to be continued, and I hope it will
be abolished. ,, _
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr Presi-
dent, I believe that I taay be counted a
Hebrew among Hebrews" J a relation to the
