1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1809
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of enabling
me to offer a substitute which has been pre-
pared by the Committee on the Public Lands
for that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, then,
moves to suspend the rules and pass the bill
with an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the amendment?
Mr. McCORMICK, ot'Missouri. I can state
to the House in a moment the substance of this
substitute. 11 is to secure to actual settlers 
Mr. RANDALL. Unless we can have an
opportunity to answer the gentleman, I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was put on Mr. McCorsiick's
motion ; and (two thirds not voting in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
message from tiie pjibsipismt.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hob-
ace Porter, one of his secretaries, announced
that the President bad approved and signed a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 501) for the relief
of George P. Robinson, eighth regiment Maine
volunteers.
oregon branch railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 112) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Oregon branch railroad.
No motion to suspend the rules being made,
the bill remained on the Speaker's table.
southern minnesota railroad company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 8'24) authorizing the South-
ern Minnesota Railroad Company to connect
its line with the Northern Pacific railroad.
No motion to suspend the rules being made,
the bill remained on the Speaker's table.
port of delivery at dulutii.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 875) to create a port of deliv-
ery at Duluth, Minnesota.
No motion to suspend the rules being made,
the bill remained on the Speaker's table.
minnesota railroad land grant,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 381) granting lands to aid the
construction of a railroad from the western
boundary of Minnesota, at the junction of the
Sioux Wood river with the Red River of the
North, to the Winnipeg district of British
America.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Of course I
do not mean to ask the House to pass any land-
grant bill now, but I propose to strike out of
that bill all after the enacting clause, and to
insert a substitute which has been examined
by the Committee on the Public Lands, and
the result of which is to release to the Govern-
ment three hundred and fifty-two thousand
acres of land, and restore them to market, by
allowing the company to change their route.
I ask that the substitute be read.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company
may so alter its branch lines that instead of con-
structing roads from Grow "Wing to St. Vincent and
from St. Cloud to ihe waters of Lake Superior, it
may locate and construct in lieu thereof a line from
Crow Wing to Brainerd, to intersect with the North-
ern Pacific railroad, and from St. Cloud to a pointof
intersection with the line of the original grant at or
near Otter's Tail or Rush lake, so as to form a more
direct route to St. Vincent, with the same propor-
tional grant of land to be taken in the same man-
ner along the said altered line as is provided for the
present lines by existing law: Provided, however.
That this change shall in no manner enlarge said
grant, and that this aet shall only take effect upon
the condition of being in accord with the legislation
of the State of Minnesota, and upon the further
condition that proper releases shall be made to the
United States by said company of all lands along
said abandoned lines from Grow Wing to St. Vincent
and from St. Cloud to Lake Superior, andthatupon
the execution of said releases such lands so released
shall be considered as immediately restored to mar-
ket withoutfurther legislation.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I ask per-
mission to have a short report from the Cota-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 114.
mittee on the Public Lands read, and also a
letter from the Land Office.
The SPEAKER. That would be in the
nature of argument, and requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Well, I ask
unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one or two questions. The fee simple
title to this land, as I understand it, is now in
this company.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Upon all the
line they have built of course they have a title
to the lands, but to the lands on the line which
they have not built they have only a title by
construction.
Mr. RANDALL. Now I want to know if
this substitute of his will restore to the Gov-
ernment the fee-simple title to all the lands
that he speaks of; that is, to the extent of three
hundred and fifty-two thousand acres.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It will; it is
expressly provided that that shall be done.
Mr. RANDALL. It is the first instance on
record of a railroad company giving up lands.
Mr. WELKER. I understand the gentle-
man to say that-upon that part of the road
already completed they had acquired a lee-
simple title to the lands, and that the substi-
tute he offers divests the railroad company of
that title and gives it back to the Govern-
ment?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. No, sir; not
on that part of the line already constructed.
• Mr. TAFFli. I object to debate.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Minnesota, to suspend the rules
and pass the bill with the substitute; and there
were—ayes 56, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson, of
Minnesota, and Mr. Welker were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes 40.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WELKER ealled for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were twelve ayes.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were npt ordered.
The rules accordingly were suspended, and
the bill passed as amended; two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
decatur and aberdeen railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 268) granting public lands
in the State of Alabama to the Decatur and
Aberdeen Railroad Company, to aid in the
construction of a railroad to be built from
Decatur, Alabama, to Aberdeen", Mississippi.
Mr. BUCK. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and this bill passed.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes twenty-eight, noes not
counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
bad agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House No. 2615, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same :
Au act (S. No. 325) amendatory of an act
entitled "An act to further provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
the State ofNevada," approved June 8, 1868;
An act (S. No. 887) for the relief of Re-
becca J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia; and
An act (S. No. 1340) for the relief of Alger-
non S. Cadwallader, late collector of internal
revenue and disbursing agent fifth district of
Pennsylvania.
public building, trenton, new jersey.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 892) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, the
pension and revenue officers, and the judicial
officers of the United States ia the city of
Trenton, New Jersey.
Mr. HAIGHF. 1 move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 52, noes 50; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ambler and
Mr. Pox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 91, noes 48 ;
not two thirds in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HAIGHT called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were—ayes 19,
noes 53.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there
were—yeas .127, nays 55, not voting 58 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong, Asper, Axteli, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Be-
thune, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Booker, Georse M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cessna. William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke. Clinton L. Cobb, Co burn,
Conger, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Darrall, Dickey Dick-
inson, Donley,Dox, Duke, Duval,Ferry, Fitch, Fox,
Get®, Gilfillan, Griswold, Haight, Haldemnn, Hale,
llambleton, Hamill, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hill, Hol-
man. Hooper, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes. John-
son, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Kelley, Kerr, Knapp, Lewis, Logan, Long, Lynch,
Manning, Mayham. McCarthy, McCormick, Me-
Kenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakiin 11. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morey, Morgan. Daniel J. Morvell,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Wil-
liam W. Paine, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Price, Rainey, Randall, Reeves, Rice. Roots, Sar-
fent, Sehumaker, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sho-
er, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles. Stokes, Stone, Strader, Strickland, Swann,
Sypher,Taffe,Taylor,Trimble,i'wichell,Van Auken,
Van Horn, Wallace, Wells, Whiteley, Wilkinson,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambl er. Atwood, Beaman,Bea.tty,
Bennett, Benton, Blail', Bufiinton, Burehard, Bur-
dett, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Cowles, Cullom,
Ela, Parnsworth, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Harris, Haw-
kins, Holmes, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Laflin, Law-
rence, Loughridge, McCrary, Packard, Packer. Hal-
bort E. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Pomeroy, Porter, Saw-
yer, Shanks, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Strong, Tanner, Tillman, Xownsend,
Tyner, Van \Vyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whitmore, Willard,
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wolf—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arncll. Ayer,
Bailey, Barry. Benjamin, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Buck-
ley, Burr, Cake, Cleveland, Corker, Dawes, Degener,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Dyer,
Eldridge, Fisher.Garfield, Gibson, Hamilton, Heflin,
Hoar, Hoge, Ketcham, Knott,Lash, Marshall. May-
nard, McGrew, McKee, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore,
Morphis, Samuel-P. Morrill, Newsham, Niblack,
Ortk, Potter, Prosser, Rogers, Sanford, Porter Shel-
don, Sherrod. William J. Smith, Stoughton. Swee-
ney, Upson, Van Trump. Voorhees„Ward, Wheeler,
Winans. and Witcher—58.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rales were suspended, and the bill passed.
saint croix and lake superior railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 187) extend-
ing the time to construct a railroad from the
Saint Croix river or lake to the west end of
Lake Superior and to Bayfield.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
is no new land grant in this bill. It is simply
an extension of the time for completing a road
that is already completely built. I move to
suspend the rules and pass the bill; or I wi 11
modify my motion so as to bring the joint
resolution beforp th.6 Houss for considsration.
The SPEAKER. Under the order which
has been adopted, the Chair cannot entertain
