372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
resumption of specie payments, and to an in-
crease of tue circulation of the coin of the
United States; and I confess my astonishment
at the arguments brought forward here by gen-
tlemen in relation to the abolition of this so-
called tax, on the ground that the abolition of
the coinage charge is to increase the amount
of coin in circulation. It seems to me that
the arguments of gentlemen must have been
prepared for some other bill; certainly they
do-not seem to be applicable to this.
Mr. STEWART. Bight there allow me. to
ask one question. Will not the reduction
enhance the value of bullion just that much ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir ; not
at all. The price of bullion is regulated by
the markets of the world, not by the coinage
stamp of the United States. Suppose, Mr.
President, we were at the present moment to
coin any amount of United States gold and
silver, as long as we keep in circulation an
irredeemable currency the coin will not come
into circulation. It makes no difference how
much we may coin the people will not see a
dollar of it, not an eagle, not a dime more in
consequence of its manufacture. That fact
alone will not increase their ability to buy and
hold it.
I was a little astonished that my astute friend
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] should have
read the argument of Mr. Knox, that by abol-
ishing the tax upon coinage the coin would be
" the last thing to leave the country." That
is the bar to fence it in. Why, is it not pal-
pable that if we make a charge of three tenths
or one half of one per cent, upon coinage, so as
to make coin here relatively cost a little more
than it otherwise would, or than bullion, then
it will be the last thing to leave the country?
But make it just equal to bullion, so that it is
of no consequence whether you ship bullion
or coin, and, of course, the coin leaves the
country with the same facility and at the same
cost as bullion.
Mr. President, suppose that we were to adopt
a universal system of coinage, so that pur coin
should circulate when it goes abroad in all
countries, and not be reeoined, is it not man-
ifest that the United States would be put to
the sole expense of making the coinage of the
world, if we produced enough to supply the
world? The fact now is that our coin goes
abroad and is reeoined the same as bullion.
It is taken at whatever its value may be as
gold; and this has no reference whatever to
the value that is put upon it here at our mints.
Of course, then, whenever the exchange is
against this country our coin will be bought
up at its markel price as gold, the same as
bullion, and be sent abroad. Whenever the
exchanges are one fourth, or even one eighth
of one per cent, against us, then it becomes
profitable to ship coin or bullion, and it will
be shipped as long as the balance of trade is
against us; and whenever the balance of trade
is in our favor, then we shall retaiu not only
our coin, but our bullion, and not till then ;
and it is utterly impossible to prevent the ex-
portation of it, or to prevent the purchase of
it by any parties whatever. The idea that mere
speculators go to Saq Francisco to buy up gold,
either in the shape of coin or bullion, in con-
sequence of this coinage tax, is utterly pre-
posterous, in my judgment. It never will be
bought in San Francisco, or in any other port
of this country, when there is anything else to
buy for exportation, or unless the exchanges
are against us; and whenever those are against
us it will be bought up as a matter of course,
whether you put ten per cent, of alloy into
your bullion or fifty per cent.
Mr. President, there is constantly something
to be shouldered upon the Government that
the United States may carry it on free of ex-
pense to any other parties. I therefore regret
to see an effort made here to prevent our mints
from being reasonably self-sustaining. I had
very great doubt whether three tenths of one
per cent, would be sufficient to pay the actual
coat of coinage. The fact is, in this country
we cannot procure our coinage at the same
rate that it can be done abroad. Labor here
is dearer, and it costs more for us to convert
our bullion into coin than it does in France;
very much more ; probably nearly twice as
much. But I was and am willing for one to
reduce the rate two tenths and try the rate at
three tenths of one per cent.; but anything
below-that, or anything like the abolition of
it, I shall hope will not receive the assent of
the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it is with
reluctance that I propose to occupy the time
of the Senate on the pending amendment. My
reluctance isbecause I shall nave to put myself
in opposition to the chairman of the Finance
Committee [Mr. Sherman] and to the Senator
from Yermont [Mr. Morrill] who has just
spoken. Both of those Senators are estab-
lished authorities on the subjects which come
before the Finance Committee. I regret that
that committee should have recommended an
amendment retaining the charge for coinage ;
and I particularly regret at present that those
two Senators should have thrown the weight
of their influence on the same side. I regret
their course because when I look around at the
Senate at this moment nothing is more certain
than this, that a majority of the Senators who
will vote for the amendment will be controlled
by the opinions of the two Senators whom I
have named rather than by the merits or the
demerits of the question as presented on one
side or the other.
I do not speak in any spirit ot reproach;
but the subject of this coinage charge is a
novel one; it is outside of the beaten ways of
discussion here. If not very difficult, it is very
debatable, and has been made to involve com-
plex questions. On these, what is said on one
side is controverted on the other; and the
authorities in political economy and states-
manship are appealed to as being conclusive
in favor of the committee's amendment. The
result is, I greatly fear, that too many Sen-
ators will follow the voices of the Senators
from Ohio and Vermont as on the whole the
safest course. This is not very surprising. It
has happened to all or most of us upon ques-
tions which we had not been able to examine
for ourselves, that we have followed the ex-
perienced and competent leaders of commit-
tees who had given special study to the sub-
ject. In many cases we have to act upon
some such theory, because it is impossible for
any of us to examine personally all the sub-
jects, even those of leading interest, that come
before us.
It is because of that tendency and to guard
against it that I wish to say a few words. Be-
fore the Senate is carried away by the author-
ity of two leading Senators I desire to array
a greater authority against them. I am con-
fident I can show that the weight of authority
now before the Senate in favor of the abolition
of this coinage charge is far greater than that
in favor of retaining it. Against the authority
even of the Senator from Ohio, the chairman
of the Finance Committee, [Mr. Sherman,]
and of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] I place unhesitatingly the great author-
ity of the fact that this bill, as it first came
before the Senate, being then a bill for the
abolition of the coinage charge, was a bill from
the Treasury Department, sent here as a code
for the government of the whole subject, care-
fully drawn, after months of thorough prep-
aration, as the result of the best judgment of
the Department and the country. This is par-
ticularly true as to the abolition of the coinage
charge. That was, in the first place, recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury in his
annual report of 1869. In the next place, very
complete, careful, and judicious means were
adopted in the Treasury for the purpose of
ascertaining what policy was best as to the
charge, and most conducive, not only to the
interests of the Government, but to the inter-
ests of the people, if indeed those two things
can ever be separated. I will read what the
Secretary of the Treasury says in hia report of
1869. It is cited in the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, laid upon our tables
in connection with this bill.
"The coinage of tho country is diminished in
amount by the fact that in iSngland and France the
mint expenses are much less than with ns. It would
no doubt have a tendency to prevent the export of
the precious metal in the form of bullion, if the mint
charges were to be reduced or altogether abolished."
The Secretary recognizes the cardinal facts
that the coinage of the country is injuriously
contracted by our mint expenses; that for
the same reason the export of bullion is un-
duly increased; that here are two great evils
to be corrected; and that for this purpose f he
mint charges, being really to create a coinage
for the benefit of the whole country, should,
if necessary, be thrown upon the. whole coun-
try by being abolished. That was the ju 3g-
ment of the highest officer we ha'se upon this
subject. In another report made by the sa vne
officer to the House of Representatives during
the last session of Congress, we find what p ro-
ceedings took place in the Treasury in ref-
erence to the recommendation of the Se< re-
tary. The communication from which I r( >id
is also from the Comptroller of the Curren ,y.
That officer says:
"In the month of December last, in ancordaxce
with your request, a rough draught of a bill was; re-
pared, which contained in a concise form nearly all
of tho legislation now in force upon these subjf; ets.
This was .printed, interspersed with interrogations
and additional sections, for the purpose of calling
forth an expression of an opinion from those persona
who were known to be intelligent upon such subje c-is.
The correspondence herewith inclosed, dated p-ior
to April 25. much of which was informal and ui of-
ficial, contains various criticisms upon the ro'igh
draught of the bill referred to. The notes of diller-
ent officers of the Treasury Department, of gentlemen
in San Francisco and other parts of the coum.ry,
were written upon printed copies of this bill and re-
turned in that form. These memoranda, which were
carefully considered and in many cases idopted.it is
impracticable to furnish in an intelligent manner
without also transmitting copies of the bill itself."
That was the system of inquiry, of collation
and comparison of opinions in the very best
quarters, instituted by the Treasury Depart-
ment. It resulted in this bill, sent here after
full examination and revision by the officers of
the Treasury Department, as, upon the whole,
the best bill which could be framed all through.
As we see, this very question, whether the mint
charges should be retained, reduced, or atol-
ished, was fully before the minds of those in' el-
ligent men, your own officers, to whom this
subject is committed as a specialty, who devote
all their time to it, consequently much more
time than any Senator here can devote to it.
I say, as the result of all that system of inquiry
instituted by these officers and continued for
months in the best quarters in the Treasury
and elsewhere, their judgment was that the
coinage charges should be wholly abolished,
and so they framed and presented this bill,
which, in that very particular, the Finance
Committee has since undertaken to alter by
the amendment before the Senate. Now, I
put that great body of official, public, substan-
tial authority on the one side, against the opin-
ions .of the Senators from Ohio and Vermont
on the other, supported though they are by a
divided committee.
It is a mistake to treat this as a local qt es-
tion in California, as the Senator from Ohio
has done. It is not a local question; it is not
a question that concerns particularly the peo-
ple "of California or the people of the Pacific
coast; it is a question which concerns the
whole country. When I heard the Senator from
Ohio say that the retention of this coinage
charge would be the retention of coin in this
country, because it would increase the price of
the production of coin, I asked myself whether
it did not occur to the Senator that such a
result, if it were to follow, as to which I say
nothing, would not affect the whole country.
What is certain is, that the retention of the
charge greatly diminishes the volume of the
