1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
A bill (H. R. No. 2309) granting a pension
to Mary W. Ensminger;
A bill (H. R. No. 2310) granting a pension
to George W. Sublett ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2312) granting a pension
to Matilda Sullivan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2317) granting a pension
to Melissa Andrews;
A bill (H. R. No. 2318) granting a pension
to Abigail Dix;
A bill (H. R. No. 2319) granting a pension
to James A. Buck;
A bill (H. R. No. 2332) granting a pension
to Sarah Gillett;
A bill (H. R. No. 2333) granting a pension
to William Erwin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 175) to cede to the State
of Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia mili-
tary district in said State;
A bill (H. R. No. 2490) to amend an act
entitled "An act to confirm title to certain
lands in Illinois
A bill (H. R. No. 415) confirming the title
of Nathan Boyer to certain lands in the State
of Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 1521) relinquishing to the
city of Dubuque Iowa, whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lot
of ground in Dubuque;
A bill (EL R. No. 2372) for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of lands from the legal repre-
sentatives of Bartholomew Cousin; and
A bill "(H. R. No. 2921) to repeal an act
entitled "An act for the survey of grants or
claims of land," approved June 2, 1862.
FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. MORTON. I give notice that to-mor-
row morning I shall ask the indulgence of the
Senate to call up the resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Indiana touching the fifteenth amend-
ment, for the purpose of submitting a few
remarks upon it, occupying perhaps twenty
or twenty-five minutes.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 17) authorizing the sale of the Chatta-
nooga rolling-mill property at Chattanooga,
Tennessee, to the Southwestern Iron Company.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO MEXICO.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
683) authorizing mail steamship service in
the Gulf of Mexico between the port of New
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports of the
republic of Mexico, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, to strike out all after the enacting clause
and insert the following:
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to cnntraetwith William R.
Garrison, James M. Motely, Francis R. Baby, Joseph
C. McKibbin, Jacob 0. Do Castro, and their asso-
ciates, for the conveyance of the mails from and to
the United States, and to and from the republic of
Mexico, in the following manner, to wit: the said
service shall be a semi-monthly service, and in ac-
cordance with a schedule ot departures and arrivals
to bo fixed by the Postmaster General. Onosteamer
shall leave the port ot New Orleans each month,
touching at the ports of Tampico, Vera Cruz, Coat-
zacualco, Tabasco, Laguna, Campeachy, Sisal, and
thence, via Havana, to New Orleans. One other
steamer shall leave the port of New Orleans each
month, touching at Havana, Sisal, Campeachy. La-
guna, Tabasco, Coatzacoalco, Vera Cruz, Tampico,
and thence to New_ Orleans.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said
William It. Garrison. James M. Motely, Francis It.
Baby, Joseph 0. MoKihbm, Jacob 0. Be Castro, and
their associates, shall, for the performance of the
service herein referred to, construct within eighteen
calendar months from the date of the contract here-
in provided for, and place on said line in condition
for actual servicc, not less than three first-class sea-
toing iron steamships, which steamships shall have
been wholly constructed in the United States, and
niter approved models and all modern improve-
ments adapted to sea-going steamships of the first
class, and shall bo subject to inspection and survey
by a naval constructor, to bo detailed for that pur-
pose by the Secretary of the Navy upon the request
of the Postmaster General, whose report shall be made
to the Postmaster*!!ener;t 1: JJrovided,nlxo, That the
Government of the United States shall have the
right to take said steamships for its own use in time
of war or threatened danger, either by direct pur-
chase, or paying a sum of money equivalent to a fair
interest on the investment, and for wear and tear
said ships may sustain while in the possession of the
Government; the compensation in either case to be
determined by three sworn appraisers; one to be
selected by the Secretary of the Navy, one to be
selected by the within-named parties to this bill,
and a third to be selected by the two former.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General and the other named parties to this
contract be, and are hereby, authorized to make
such changes, adding to or leaving out such Ameri-
can or Mexican po/ts as the interest of the Post
Office Department and the general intercourse of the
two countries may require: Provided further, That
the Postmaster General be, and is hereby, author-
ized to pay to the within contract parties a pro rata
amount of the compensation for the first five years,
for any suitable vessel or vessels as may be placed
as pioneers on the above route prior to the com-
mencement of the contract service herein provided
for.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That thesaid con-
tract shall be for a period of ten years, and shall not
involve upon the part of the Government of the
United States an expenditure exceeding $150,000 per
annum for the first five years, and $100,000 per annum
for the other five years, to be paid out of any money
appropriated for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment from the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. I move to strike out the names
occurring in the ninth, tenth, and eleventh
lines, on page 3, section one of the substitute,
and to insert the names that I send to the
Chair in lieu thereof, and also to move the same
amendment on the next page where the names
of the corporators appear in the next section;
and I further move to amend it by striking out
the words "Americans or," in the fourth line
of the third section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first amendment offered by the
Senator from Minnesota, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, to the substi-
tute reported by the committee.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in section one, lines
nine, ten, and eleven, to strike out the words
"William R. Garrison, James M. Motely,
Francis R. Baby, Joseph C. McKibbin, Jacob
O. De Castro," and to insert "Joseph H.
Oglesby, L. J. Higby, James T. Tucker, Jacob
O. De Castro, Charles H. Taylor, J. C. Me-
Kibbin, Harry P. Hayes, and A. C. Hutch-
inson."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the committee explain why the unusual course
is adopted, in authorizing mail service and a
mail contract, of declaring the names of the
persons with whom the Post Office Department
is compelled to make a contract. Why do we
not do as we did in the China subsidy act,
authorize the Postmaster General to contract
for service to certain ports, and then leave him
to invite competition from the merchants and
shippers of New Orleans or anywhere else to
put on the kind of steamships he requires for
that service in the usual way? It looks to me
very extraordinary, and I doubt whether there
is any precedent for it—certainly there ought
not to be—to select a certain small number
of citizens, or others, and then command a
Department of the Government to make a
contract with them to do a particular service.
I think it is altogether improper, however
much we may be in favor of this subsidy.
Therefore, I should hope that we would strike
out the names altogether instead of substitut-
ing others, and leave it to the Postmaster
General, just as my friend did with the China
service act, to make a contract for carrying
the mail from New Orleans to these places
on the best terms he can, inside of certain
limits, if we are to do it at all.
Mr. KELLOGG. In reply to the question
of my friend from Vermont, whether there is
a precedent of this kind, I only desire to say
that it has been twice done in both Houses.
A bill precisely similar to the one under con-
sideration, except in two particulars, wherein
I think this bill has greatly the advantage in
the amendments reported from the commit-
tee, passed both Houses of Congress during
the last session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
The different features that 1 speak of consist
in a provision in the bill as reported from the
committee that these three first-class sea-
going steamships shall be iron steamships, con-
structed in the United States after approved
models and with all modern improvements,
and that "the Government of the United States
shall have the right to take these steamships
for its own use in time of war or threatened
danger."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What act do you refer to?
Mr. KELLOGG. I refer to the act which
passed both Houses as an amendment to the
civil appropriation bill, but failed in a com-
mittee of conference in March, 1859.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought I could not
find any such thing in the Statutes.
Mr. KELLOGG. It passed both Houses by
an overwhelming majority. The predecessor
of my honorable friend from Vermont, Mr.
Collamer, very earnestly supported the bill and
voted for it, as did the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] This bill is predi-
cated in part upon a concession or grant by the
Congress of the republic of Mexico in favor of
one of the incorporators named in the bill. I
will read an extract from a dispatch from Mr.
Nelson to the Secretary of State, dated January
22,1870, which is published with the report of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
accompanying this bill:
"A concession to Mr. J. O. de Castro, an American
citizen, for a line of steamers between Vera Cruz and
New Orleans, was passed by Congress a few days
before adjournment, but was returned by the Exec-
utive, with two unimportant objections, too late to
be agahi considered and passed, but will certainly
be passed at the next session."
This is signed by Mr. Nelson, our minister
in Mexico as I stated before, and is an extract
from a communication addressed by him to the
Secretary of State under date of January 22,
1870.
I ought to say that the bill to which I have
referred, which passed both Houses in 1859,
during the Thirty-Fifth Congress, was in favor
of Carlos Butterfield and others, and their
associates, and it was deemed best to specify
those parties in that bill, because at that time
the republic of Mexico had given a like con-
cession. But that bill failed in the committee
of conference. It passed both Houses of Con-
gress almost unanimously, as part of the civil
and diplomatic bill. There was no question
about that. But the difference in the commit-
tee of conference was upon other features of
the bill. That part of the bill passed unchal-
lenged and unquestioned. It was mainly be-
cause of that eoacession by the Mexican Gov-
ernment that the names were inserted in that
bill; and it is now sought to obtain the same
concession, and negotiations are now pending,
as will be seen by the extract I have read
from Mr. Nelson's letter, in the congress of
the republic of Mexico.
I should have asked that the bill be amended
in view of this probable concession, making
it a part, so to speak, of the bill, the same as
the Brazilian bill, which is a reciprocity bill,
I think. A bill passed in 1^565 or 1866 giving
to a company in New York the right to run a
line from New York to Rio de Janeiro and
Pernambuco,upon the ground that the empire
of Brazil gave, I believe, $120,000 per annum
subsidy to the same line.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What act do you refer to?
Mr. ICELLOGG. I refer, without having
examined it, to the act for the line to Braz-I.
giving to the Postmaster General the right to
contract for the carrying of the mails between
New York and Rio de Janeiro, touching at
St. Thomas and Pernambuco, as I recollect H,
predicated upon the condition-precedcnt that
the Government of the empire of Brazil also
allowed $120,000 per annum. Am I right?
Mr. RAMSEY. Ves, sir. That was in lHti.",.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not know that in that
bill the names of the parties are specified. I
