1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
have given one reason why they should be ; I
desire to give one other, and I commend it to
the earnest consideration of the Senate.
In New Orleans and in all the ports on the
Gulf we are peculiarly situated. We do not
care to have a contract of this kind go into
the hands of people who do not reside there;
for instance, people in New York, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, or Boston. We desire to get
the benefit of this line, not alone, but we
desire that it shall be confined there. At the
suggestion of certain parties who very much
desired to see the commercial interests of our
people there promoted, and think it can be
best done in this way, I have asked the chair-
man to report new names, or rather additional
names, striking out three or four of the six
or eight names already in the bill and sub-
stituting a greater number. Among them
we have the name of Joseph H. Oglesby, the
former president of our Chamber of Com-
merce, an excellent, enterprising, and wealthy
gentleman, and also the names of two or
three others, among the first citizens of New
Orleans, the most enterprising and the most
disinterested.
Now, sir, if these names are mentioned in the
bill as one of the contracting parties, and the
Postmaster General is allowed and authorized
to contract with them ; if it is understood that
this contract is to be with them, it is believed,
irrespective of any other consideration, that
that of itself will challenge their attention,
elicit their interest, and bring about in the
most effectual way the result that we so much
desire to attain by this bill. I hope my friend
from Vermont will not object to this amend-
ment. I am satisfied that in addition to those
already given I could give him very many good
reasons why those names should be inserted
aud retained, representing as they do our
people and our commercial interests.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend has any
good reasons for it I wish he would give them,
instead of giving poor ones and keeping the
good ones back. I think I am safe in saying
that there is no statute of the United States in
existence which furnishes a precedent or a
parallel for this kind of legislation. My friend
said there was almost a statute in 1859; that
a bill or an amendment to a bill got through
both Houses, but failed in a conference com-
mittee, which did authorize the Postmaster
General to contract with certain persons named
for mail service, and then he seemed to think
that the act of 1804 for the Brazil mail service
was an authority for this, I have the act of
180-1, which is like the act of 1865 for the
China service, and totally unlike this bill.
The act of 18G4 is in the usual form of author-
izing, not requiring the Postmaster General—
" To unite with the general post office depart-
ment of the empire of Brazil, or such officer of the
Government of Brazil as shall be authorized to act
(or that Government, in establishing direct mail
communication between the two countries by means
of a monthly line of first-class American sea-going
steamships, to be of not less than two thousand tons
burden each, and of sufficient number to perform
twelve round trips or voyages per annum."
Then the second section, instead of naming
people with whom he shall contract, requires
him to invite proposals for the service by pub-
lic advertisement for sixty days in the cities
of Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
York, and Boston, setting forth what he
requires, and calling upon people to bid as
low as competing with each other they would
be likely to do for the performance of the
service, and leaving him then to determine
whether he would accept such bids or not at
the end. Then itprovidesthat, having accepted
a bid, he may make a contract with the lowest
bidder accepted in the usual way. _
That is the authority of my friend in the
Brazil act. Now here is the later one for the
China service, which is in substantially the
same way:
" That the Postmaster General be, and ho is here-
fey, authorized to invite proposals by public adver-
tisement* for tho period ot' six-ty days, m ono or
more newspapers published in the cities of Wash-
ington. New York, Philadelphia. Boston, and San
Francisco, respectively, for mail steamship service
between the port of San Francisco, in the United
States, and some port or ports in the Chinese empire,
touching at Honolulu in the Sandwich Islands, and
one or more ports in Japan," &c.
That is the method in which hitherto when
we have been persuaded to give subsidies at
all we have thought it fit to give them, for
the benefit of the public service, and not for
the benefit of the private jobbers whom this
bill proposes that the Postmaster General shall
not only be authorized but directed to contract
with. That is certainly very extraordinary.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Senator can strike
out the direction. I do not object to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it cannot be for
the advantage of the United States merely or
chiefly that you wish to pass this bill, because
if you authorize him to contract with these
persons, and do not direct him to contract,
then if he cannot contract with them upon
terms which he thinks are just and fair he
could not contract with any other merchant
or merchants of New Orleans or Baltimore or
anywhere else to put on this line and carry
the mails.
If this is to be done for the benefit of the
country, for the benefit of the people of New
Orleans, for the advantage of the postal ser-
vice, for the promotion of civilization and com-
merce, then the question is not what particular
person ought to do it, but how it can best be
done among the whole class of the citizens of
the United States, for the public interest; and
therefore it would defeat, or might defeat, the
very purpose of my friend in reviving the com-
merce of New Orleans, to authorize the Post-
master General to contract with someone per-
son, and not authorize him to contract with
anybody else in case he could do better. There-
fore I hope my friend from Louisiana will not
insist upon leaving this bill for our votes in
the very extraordinary and unprecedented con-
dition in which it now stands; and if it be in
order, I ask for a division of the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota so that we may first
vote upon striking out these names altogether.
If the Senate agree to that, then the bill can
be perfected npon the theory upon which we
have always acted, of authorizing the Post
Office Department to contract for mail service
between those ports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a motion to strike out and insert is
indivisible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was afraid it was not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota is an
amendment to an amendment, as the commit-
tee report a substitute for the bill; and the
proposition is to amend that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will say to the
Senate that I wish to take its sense upon the
propriety of this course; and I hope that
everybody whs is opposed to requiring the
Postmaster General to confine his contract to
one set of men will vote against this amend-
ment ; so that, if it be defeated, we can then
amend the substitute by striking out the other
names.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
strike out would then be in order. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota, to strike out certain names
and insert others in their place at two points
in the bill.
The question being put; there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes IT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. lvELLOGG. I desire to make a single
remark, so that the Senate may understand
just what the question is before them. The
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, who reported the bill, pro-
poses to strike out certain names specified in
the bill as the parties with whom by the terms
of the bill the Postmaster General is author-
ized to contract, and to substitute certain other
names, retaining, however, two or three of the
parties named in the original bill. The object
of that, as far as he is concerned and so far as
I am concerned, is to put the very question
raised by my friend from Vermont beyond any
doubt, so far as the commercial interests
of New Orleans and of the Gulf States are
concerned, by adding to the incorporators
contained in the original bill men of such
undoubted integrity, men who are so fully and
completely identified with the interests of the
Gulf States, and especially of New Orleans,
that they will look exclusively and entirely to
see to it that the object of thi3 bill is attained
and that the commercial interests of that peo-
ple are fully promoted. I want the president
of the Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans,
for instance, inserted as one of the incorpora-
tors, and I want three or four of our first, best,
and most influential shippers and citizens, men
who will use this bill in, the interest of the
commercial portion of our community.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont to allow the friends of the bill
to perfect it and put it in the shape they
desire; and he can move his amendments
afterward.
* Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
my friend from Minnesota; but I do not pro-
pose to allow the friends of any bill, if I can
help it, to perfect it in a shape that is ruinous
to the public interest. I do not think courtesy
compels me to do that. Therefore I trust I
shall not be thought meddling with what is
none of my business if I try to prevent this
bill being put into a shape which would make
it patent to everybody in the world, except to
the honest and respectable gentlemen named
in it, that it was nothing but a job.
Mr. President, the reason why I asked a
division, and why the yeas and nays have been
ordered on this question of merely substituting
one set of names for another, is not that I
have any choice in these names. I wish my
friend to understand that. If any names are
to be in the bill atall I would just as lief have
the names he reports in as those that are in.
I do not know any of them; I am not aware
that I want to know them. But inasmuch as
this is an amendment which is now under
consideration, if we vote with my friend from
Minnesota to strike out these names and insert
those which he suggests then those names
will have gone in by the vote of the Senate,
and I cannot get the sense of the Senate
upon striking them out, because it will not be
in order then to move to strike out while in
committee. Therefore the only way in which
the sense of the Senate can be taken upon the
propriety of making this bill, in this respect,
like all the preceding laws, that is, one of
authority to the Postmaster General to con-
tract with those who will do the service for
the best interest and for the least price to the
Government, is to vote against this change;
and, if it is defeated, then to vote to strika
out all the names, and leave the Postmaster
General free to contract for the public service.
Mr. KELLOGG. If my friend from Ver-
mont will permit me, I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether he is not mistaken, whether he
cannot make this motion again, the bill being
in committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being an
amendment to an amendment, if the amend-
ment to the amendment is agreed to and the
amendment as amended is then agreed to in
committee, the words could not be stricken
out as they have been inserted by direct vote.
The Chair was about to suggest, however, to
i avoid complication, that if the Senator from
' Vermont had no objection to allowing the com-
mittee to perfect their bill, reserving the right
to move to strike out these names, he would
attain his object in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. Allow me to inquire if he
cannot get at it when we come into the Senate?
