1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
We had proof before us that cattle were
received, at one agency at least, last fall, as
weighing twelve hundred pounds each, when
in fact the probabilities are that they did not
weigh over nine hundred pounds each. Pay-
ments of such character have been made upon
the receipts of Indian agents who have been
growing rich upon salaries of $1,500 a year each,
of course by dishonest practices, all of which
we have done our best to cut oif by the pro-
visions of the bill agreed to by the committee of
conference. I say to this House that this is
the most satisfactory bill, with the limitations,
restrictions, and guards we have incorporated
into it, that has ever been agreed upon by any
committee of conference since I have been in
the House; and I trust the report of the com-
mittee will be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield t.o the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] for two or
three minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I'have not had an
opportunity to examine this bill as'it comes
from the committee of conference; but I
understand that it does not in terms or in
legal effect ratify any past Indian treaty or
treaties ; and I understand further that it pro 
hibits the making in future of any further
Indian treaties. I regard this as the grandest
triumph, for the past ten years, in the interest
of the people, and in the interest of the power
of the popular branch of Congress over this
subject. 1 have given some attention in Con-
gress for several years past to the subject of
so-called Indian treaties. I believe I was the
first in this Hall to affirm that all such trea-
ties attempting to dispose of public lands were
void. 1 am gratified to find that the Senate at
last has abandoned all claim of right to make
Indian treaties. The question may now be
regarded as settled. A great question of con-
stitutional law has been settled, at least so far
as Congress can settle it. The result is that
hereafter the land policy of Congress cannot
be broken up and destroyed by Indian treaties.
Henceforth the homestead policy is to become
the fixed policy of Congress.
But this bill has another significance. The
Indian treaties were always profuse in their
extravagant demands for the appropriation of
money Irom the public Treasury. Hereafter
there may be economy in the management of
the Indian tribes. Hereafter that manage-
ment is to be controlled by laws of Congress.
1 concur with my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] in what he has said in relation to the
provision to protect the Indians from spolia-
tion and robbery by claim and lobby agents.
The sub-committee of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, which investigated the affairs of
the Indian Bureau, perfected this provision,
and it will secure honesty in the Indian ser-
vice. I need not enlarge on this feature of
the bill. My friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] said more than a year ago that " the
last Indian treaty had been made." Now his
prediction is assured for all time, for no future
Congress can or will ever repeal the funda-
mental provision of this bill, which secures to
(his House a participation in all matters relat-
ing to the Indians.
This bill gives evidence of another fact, which
is that the administration of President Grant
lias been successful beyond any of its recent pre-
decessorsin securing a wise, economical Indian
policy. It has reformed abuses, secured hon-
esty, economy, and fidelity. It has put an
end to Indian wars. The prayer has been
answered, " Let us have peace," so far as the
Indian tribes are concerned. These are the
fruits of that wise Quaker policy inaugurated
by the administration of President Grant,
and which has been enlarged in its general
scope and purpose until it has become, for the
first time in the history of the Government,
a truly Christian scheme of philanthropy.
Soon the Indian tribes may be induced to
abandon the savage life. The first step from
that is to the pastoral state with its flocks and
herds, and then agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures. The Indians may thusin time be
civilized and saved, instead of being regarded
as food for destruction and fit only for extinc-
tion. A new era has dawned upon the future
Indian history, and for them there is a future
of civilization and peace. Now let them be
gathered together in a genial climate, the Army
withdrawn, and the work will be accomplished.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield for two min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, the
resolution which I had the honor to introduce
early in February, and to which the honorable
chairman of the committee has referred as
having been embodied in the report under
consideration, I am happy 'o believe, settles
definitively the vexed and troublesome question
of Indian treaties.
The right to make treaties is vested by the
Constitution in the " President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate." As a
power vested by the direct provision of the
Constitution, itis lifted beyond the control of
Congress ; for it is plain that it is not com-
petent by force of a mere law to withdraw a
power conferred by the Constitution. But the
right to determine who are nations or Powers
with whom the United States will contract by
treaty belongs to the political power of the
Government, or, in other words,the law-making
power. While I hold all treaties duly made
and ratified by the Senate to be inviolable,
I believe it to be fully competent for Con-
gress to declare that this Government will not
in the future recognize any foreign State or
Power whom they may choose to designate, and
where further recognition is in their judgment
inimical to the national interests. Much more
may they withdraw our recognition of the
national character of a people in the anoma-
lous condition of an Indian tribe. The recog-
nition of one Government by another is a mat-
ter of political expediency as to all future con-
tracts or treaties. We may lawfully refuse and
by law declare that we will withdraw our rec-
ognition and will not hereafter recognize as a
Power with whom we will contract by treaty
even France or England, or any other nation
whatever; and such nation would have no
right to interfere with such exercise of our
sovereign discretion. She could rightfully in-
sist upon the fulfillment of all our covenant
obligations already contracted, but she could
not force herself upon our continued recogni-
tion beyond the limit of our own discretion.
It is a question of comity and not of absolute
right.
The remedy therefore, in my judgment, con-
sists not in the denial of the right of the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to make treaties with Indian tribes,
for they stand at present recognized hy all
departments of the Government as competent
Powers, and so long as they continue to be
so recognized the constitutional right to make
treaties with them is beyond legislative control,
but to withdraw our recognition of them, one
and all, and the assertion by law that they shall
cease hereafterto be recognized as Powers with
whom we will contract by treaty. The result
will be that in the future our dealings with
them will be as mere domestic communities,
with whom we may contract, but only with the
approval of Congress. They will be contracts,
not treaties. Of course, such withdrawal of
our recognition would not affect the validity of
any treaties already lawfully made, but there
is propriety in the distinct reaffi nuance of our
adherence to all our treaty obligations.
With these views, I most heartily approve
this report, and hope it w-ill be adopted by the
House, as it has already been by the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. I now call the previous
question upon the report,.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make an inquiry?
Mr. SARGENT. A. brief one, yes; but I
have promised not to occupy with this report
any more time than is absolutely uecessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
this report does, not necessarily ratify the trea-
ties which have been heretofore made with these
Indian tribes, and if in doing so it does not
confirm such grants as have been made under
those treaties to James F. Joy and others,
which have heretofore received the disapproval
of the House?
Mr. SARGENT. As I understand the re-
port, it does not ratify or confirm any preced-
ing treaty; but it does affirmatively declare
that nothing of the kind shall be done again.
I now insist upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on printing,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received a
letter from the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Cake, who is absent on indefinite leave,
to the effect that he will not be able to serve
longer on the Committee on Printing, of which
he is a member. The Chair will therefore
appoint Mr. Prosser, of Tennessee, in his
place.
dakota railroad.
The House resumed the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table, the next
business being a bill (S. No. 566) making a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad in the Territory of Dakota.
Mr. ALLISON. This is a railroad pro-
jected from the south line of Dakota Terri-
tory, with the intention of connecting with the
Northern Pacific railroad. It passes over a
perfectly prairie country.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. Itis not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say one word. This bill pro-
vides sufficiently for the protection of settlers,,
requiring the company to sell the lands granted
to them at $2 50 per acre.. I trust there will
be no objection to the passage of this bill, for
it is one that ought to pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move that the
rules be suspended and the bill passed.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Allison ; and upon a division there
were—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
land-grant railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 108) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Lincoln, in
the State of Nebraska, and Brownville, in the
State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Terri-
tory.
Mr. TAFFE. I move to suspend the rules
to pass the bill.
The motion was not agreed to, there being—
ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the House adjourn.
On the motion to adjourn, there were—ayes
91, noes 38.
Mr. ROOTS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
_ So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. ra.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. DOX; A petition of sundry citizens
