1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question will then
be on concurring in the amendments made in
committee, and then if the Senator from Ver-
mont objects to the names, he will object to
concurring in the amendment inserting those
names.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the result
would be that the original names would be
left'in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know; but then he
could move to strike those names out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no trouble about
it now. We can take the question now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise simply for the pur-
pose of making a suggestion to my friend from
Vermont, which it seems to me, if I under-
stand it, will reach the case, or will enable
him to accomplish the precise object which he
desires. The amendment now is to strike out
certain names in this bill and insert certain
others. If they go in, that being a vote of the
Senate, it is clearly out of order to move to
strike them out; but I ask the Chair if it would
not be in order to move to strike out those
names inserted, if you include in the motion
other names that are already there ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Any one name is a sep.
arate thing by itself.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senate vote to put cer-
tain names in. They leave certain names in
the bill that are already there. Now, the Sen-
ate insert additional names. I hold that it will
be competent for any Senator to move to strike
out the names that were originally in the bill
together with those that have been put in.
That is a distinct proposition. I think that is
parliamentary law, it I understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, if
some of these names remain in and are not
changed, then, after other names are added,
the Senator from Vermont can move to strike
out the names added in connection with other
matter ; that is, other names or other matter
in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, let me ask the
Chair if any of the names now in this sub-
stitute are left in?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that some are.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand the
Chair to decide that if the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota to this1 amendment
is agreed to it will be in order for me immedi-
ately, and in committee, to move to strike out
those names inserted, together with all the
other names in that connection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then, with
the permission of the Senate, I withdraw the
demand for the yeas and nays, and have not
the least objection to these names being put
in; and afterward I will make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont withdraws the demand for the yeas
and nays on the amendment to the amend-
ment. The amendment to the amendment is
agreed to. There is another amendment
offered by the Senator from Minnesota. Will
the Senator from Vermont allow that to be
disposed of first?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to hear what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in section three, line
four, to strike out the words "American or,"
before the word "Mexican;" so that the
clause will read:
That the Postmaster General and the other named
parties to this contract be, and are hereby, author-
ized to make such changes, adding to or leaving out
such Mexican ports, as the interest of the Post Office
Department and the general intercourse ot the two
countries may require.
Mr.'EDMUNDS. If that amendment were
agreed to, then the result would be—and 1 do
not know but that it would bo the result with-
out it—to authorize the Postmaster General,
after we have contracted to pay for a line going
around the Gulf, as this seeme to contemplate,
to leave off all the Mexican ports, and then
merely to pay for a line going from Louisiana
to Texas, which is the extent of our southern
territory, which would be rather an extraor-
dinary line to subsidize. But, however, that
is a point which is not now up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be regarded as
agreed to, and the Senator can reserve it in
the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise to ask what is the
amendment pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an amend-
ment proposed by the committee, to strike out
the words "American or" in the fourth line
of the second section of the substitute.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to inquire
whether at this stage a motion to strike out
that section entirely would be .in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not be,
because the first question is on the amend-
ments of the committee.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to know whether
it would be in order for me to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for a few moments bearing
upon this question, and perhaps the amend-
ment that is now before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this par-
ticular amendment?
Mr. FENTON. I do not know that what I
may say would directly bear upon the question
of the amendment, but it bears upon the gen-
eral subject; and I should be glad to dispose
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont, by the understanding of the
Senate, has reserved the right to move an
amendment to change the character of the bill
as soon as the amendments of the committee
are disposed of, and the Senator can then
speak on the entire bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to get the sense
of the Senate on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the committee will be regarded as agreed
to; and the Senator from Vermont now moves
the amendment which he has indicated.
Mr. HARLAN. That will not prevent other
amendments?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; it is only
perfecting the bill as proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My motion now is, not
on account of any knowledge or dislike that
I have to these persons named—for I have
never heard of any of them except Mr. Gar-
rison ; I have heard of him—is to take the
direct sense of the Senate upon the propriety
of limiting the Post Office Department in its
capacity to contract to one particular set of
men for this period of ten years, no matter
how good they may be, or whether we will do
what we have hitherto always done; that is,
as I have said, to authorize the Postmaster
General to contract with the best men he can
and at the best price he can for the service
between the ports named. Therefore, I move
to strike out those words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to strike out the names of the
corporators mentioned in the bill.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I desire to
introduce a paper bearing upon the subject
now before the Senate, which would have been,
perhaps, more appropriately presented in the
morning hour ; but its high character and its
direct bearing upon the subject before us
afford the warrant for me to interrupt the
discussion upon any particular amendment so
long as may be necessary to bring this matter
before the Senate. This paper is in the nature
of h remonstrance against all subsidy bills
from a large number of prominent citizens of
the city of New York, gentlemen largely and
honorably connected with ffommercial trans-
actions. I may state, so that my own posi-
tion on the subject will not be misunderstood,
that I do not concur entirely with the views
of the signers of this remonstrance. I shall
be compelled to disagree with them, as my
vote upon this bill, with some amendments
which I hope may be made to it, will indicate.
But to return to this paper. These gentlemen,
merchants and ship-owners at the port of New
York, say:
" We, the undersigned, merchants and ship-owners
of the port of New York, most earnestly do protest
against the passage by your honorable body of any
and all subsidy bills, the specious pretense of which
is the revival of American commerce.
"If each of the bills now before you is analyzed,
the utter selfishness, not to say fraud, of its proposi-
tions will be readily seen.
"If a few steamers were thus actually built at
an enormous expense to the Government, the great
necessity of the pubiicwould not be supplied by this
partiality to individuals.
"While these speculators are soliciting your char-
ity, is it too much for us, who ask no charity, to de-
mand of you our right—the right American citizens
are entitled to, in common with all other people, to
purchase their ships in the cheapest markets—as
thereby alone we can compete with the rest of the
■world."
This paper is signed by over one hundred—
I should think one hundred and fifty or two
hundred—of prominent firms in the city of
New York, headed by Charles II. Marshall &
Co., Grinnell, Minturn & Co., E. E. Morgan's
Sons, and others, who are well known through-
out the country as men of high character and
of large business interests.
I ask leave to present this remonstrance,
and move its reference to the Committee on
Commerce, as it relates to the subject of sub-
sidies, and not immediately to the bill now
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the paper will be received and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am satisfied that the last
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] would injure
the object of the bill. My attention has been
called to it by the remarks of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] Instead of striking
out "American or," as proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota, I move, with
his concurrence, to strike out all after the
enacting clause of section three, down to and
including the words "provided further," in
the sixth line of the same section; so that the
section itself will, if thus amended, read :
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized to pay to the within contract parties a
pro rata amount of the compensation for the first
five years, for any suitable vessel or vessels as may
be placed as pioneers on the above route prior to
the commencement of the contract service herein
provided for.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be in order after the pending amendment
shall have been disposed of. The pending
amendment is to the first section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To strike out the names.
Mr. WARNER. Is it not in orderto amend
the section pending the motion to strike out ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on striking out the names.
Mr. WARNER. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that section while that question
is pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in
order to perfect the names. No other amend-
ment is now in order.
Mr. WARNER. I will state the amend-
ment, so that the Chair may decide. I would
move to amend by inserting after the word
"associates," in line eleven, the words "or
other parties who may propose to do the
service herein contemplated on terms most
advantageous to the Government;" so that
it would read:
That tho Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to contract with—
Then follow the names of the parties—
and their associates, or other parties who may also
propose to do tho service herein contemplated on
terms most advantageous to the Government.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would suggest the use of
the words " or such other parties."
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
cannot be entertained unless by unanimous
