374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
*/ '
tbat the most convenient form to export gold
from Great Britain is in British sovereigns.
They go off to different nations, and are melted
aad remelted by other Governments, which
charge a seigniorage for stamping their insig-
nia on this gold, and it remains as currency in
the countries where it is thus stamped, while
the English sovereign, like bullion, passes from
hand to hand, and is remelted at different mints.
The result is that there is now less than one
fifth as much English coin in existence in the
world as there is of French coin. The coin of
Germany in existence in the world also, 1 be-
lieve, largely exceeds the amount of English
coin.
Now, Mr. President, I say that as a question
of political economy it is not wise for us to put
additional labor upon bullion and convert it
into coin free of charge without regard to the
revenue question at all; because the unavoid-
able effect of thus bestowing labor on gold bul-
lion, and putting the bullion in a more conven-
ient shape for exportation, is, at the very first
reversal of trade, to cause our coin to flow
abroad, instead of other commodities. That
is the experience of nations, and has been for
more than a hundred years.
But it is said that notwithstanding all the
arguments and opinions of political economists
England has insisted upon free coinage. I have
already sufficiently explained the reason of that.
They adopted it, 1 believe, in the reign of King
William III; and having adopted the idea of
free coinage, they have kept to it with the nat-
ural tenacity of the English people, while their
writers have condemned the policy. I read
"here from Adam Smith, from McCulloeh,from
Mill, from nearly all those men who are recog-
nized authorities the world over on questions
of political economy, who have said over and
over again that this was a false and foolish sys-
tem. Here is the opinion of the present chan-
cellor of the exchequer, a man of great ability,
who quotes these authorities, reads them to the
British Parliament, and says that England has
persisted in this thing too long, and to her
injury. It is true that he also said that at that
time, when they were codifying the mint laws,
it was better to postpone a change until the
question of international coinage should be
discussed and considered.
Now, there is one thing to be considered
by our friends from the Pacific coast. This
is a bill to codify the mintage laws of the
United States. It does not adopt any new
principles; it-makes but very few changes in
the general laws, except to transferring the
head of the Minting Bureau to Washington,
instead of leaving the systemin the incongruous
position of having the Director of the Mint in
Philadelphia, and making him superintendent
of all the mints in the United States. This
bill is rather a codification of theexisting laws ;
and the Committee on Financc have therefore
refused to ingraft on it many ideas that they
have developed and would like very well to
see in the form of law. For instance, we are
strongly in favor of an international coinage,
of assimilating our coinage to the coinage of
other nations of the world, and making a com-
mon metric standard of international coins by
which the gold dollar, the sovereign, and the
franc may be changeable and interchangeable
without recoinage, all over the world. We
have not ventured to put our opinion on that
point into this bill, because that is not a codi-
fication of the existing law, but a great and
important and radical change of the law.
Now, I ask Senators whether it is wise on
this bill to repeal the existing law which, for
reasons of political economy, has fixed a
mintage charge upon gold coin, and make the
effort to make this codification bill carry such
important changes? I agree with the Sena-
tor from California, that it is not necessary
to look to this matter as a question of tax,
but the law now levies upon this labor done
for the miner of California the small and
trifling charge of one half of one per cent., a
little more than the cost. We charge the
national banks one per cent, for printing their
bank, notes; we charge every citizen three
cents for carrying his letter in our mails; and
we levy taxes in every form upon various
articles of consumption—on tea, coffee, sugar,
and all the necessaries of life. Now, I say
that if we were about to throw off these
charges, whether you call them taxes or not,
we ought not to throw off, first, that which is
not a tax at all, but is only a charge for a
service actually rendered.
I trust that this effort to force through this
proposition to abolish the mintage charge, on
a bill to codify the mint laws, to simplify and
make consistent the laws which regulate the
various mints of the United States, will be
abandoned; because Senators must perceive
that the attempt to make any radical or vital
changes of the existing system in this bill will
only endanger the bill. It is necessary to pass
the bill promptly in the Senate in order that
it may receive the necessary attention in the
other House before the adjournment of the
present Congress. It is perfectly manifest
that the attempt to make this bill carry an
utter change of our policy on the question of
the mintage charge, and to follow the example
of Great Britain, the only nation in the world
that has done it, and that, too, when Great
Britain is sick and tired of her policy—an
attemptto do it here would simply defeat this
bill, which ha3 already been so long delayed;
to mix it up with doubts and difficulties, so
that the only object which I seek to accom-
plish by this bill, a simplification and codifi-
cation of the mintage laws, is likely to be lost.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I cannot
comprehend how this charge is to be treated
otherwise than as a tax. Certainly coining
money is for the benefit of the whole country.
I do not know why the producer of gold
should pay the expense of coining it for the
rest of the community, unless you intend to
tax his gold. The community generally are
benefited by it, and my objection to the tax
is that it falls on every producer, whether he
has his bullion coined or not. If you were
simply making a charge for doing a service
for a particular person, and he need not have
it done if he chose, and if he did not have it
done he would not hare to pay for it, that
would be like a tax ; but that is not the truth.
He has to pay for it whether he has it done or
not. This I can demonstrate to the Senator
from Ohio, if he will give me his attention.
Mr. SHERMAN. He can put it in the form
of bullion without a tax.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, but when he gets his
bar in bullion in anyplace in this country the
price of that bar of bullion is regulated where
he sells it by the market value there, and the
market value is always the mint value. Take
it in San Francisco. Itou have a given num-
ber of ounces of bullion. You can get for it
for shipment only the mint value, or perhaps
a trifle more that somebody may give in order
to get it. Bullion commonly sells at the mint
value ; that regulates its price. You charge
one half of one per cent, for coinage, an'd that
reduces the value of the bullion in that market
one half of one per cent., and the man who
sells his bar and does not have it coined has to
pay that tax as much as the man who has his
bullion coined.
What the Government of the United States
realizes frojn this charge the Senator from Ohio
tells us is $150,000 a year. That would be the
charge on a coinage of $80,000,000. I think
the autual coinage last year was about twenty-
nine millions. The whole product is about
sixty millions per annum. The whole of that
it>60,000,000 suffers the same depreciation, and
yet the Government receives but $150,000.
The tax upon the producer is $300,000. To
whom is the other $150,000 paid? It is paid
to speculators in our bullion ; it is a bonus to
those residing in London and doing business
there, which they are enabled to avail them-
selves of from the fact that there is no mintage
charge there You are paying this money to
them to help them carry on business. That
amount is deducted from the value of the whole
bullion of the country, and so I say it is an unjust
taxation. The Government of the United States
only gets one half of what is practically charged
on the bullion of the country.
I have seen the operation of this. Go any-
where; go to San Francisco with bullion for
sale ; test the value of it, and you will find the
touch-stone to be its value at the mint, and you
will find when you go to the mint that one
half of one per cent, is deducted. You can, of
course, take your choice whether to leave it at
the mint or not. If you have plenty of time,
and they have a bullion fund on hand,yon will
leave it there and get its mint value. Other-
wiseyou will sell itforexport. In either event,
however, the market value being fixed by the
mint value, the miners lose by its operation
$300,000 a year and the Government gainsonly
$150,000. The producer is taxed that much
for the convenience of the whole community
who have the use of this gold. It seems to
me that it is an unjust taxation, falling hard
upon a particular class for the benefit of the
whole community, and in order to do a little
good to that whole community it doubles the
burdens upon that particular class.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I wish
to add one or two suggestions to what I have
already said, in answer to the last speech of
the gentleman from Ohio.
He objects to the removal of the charge
upon coinage, because this is a bill, he says,
to codify the mint laws, and therefore it ought
not to contain an amendment. Now, this bill
does propose several amendments to the ex-
isting laws, and it is a codification that lias
been submitted to Congress by the Treasury
Department, and I propose to adhere to the
codification as it was made at the Treasury
Department, and not change, mar, and destroy
its harmony and its consistency. So that,
argument does not avail anything for the posi-
tion taken by the Senator; but it wonld be
very proper for us to argue, who support
this bill as it was made at the Treasury De-
partment, that it is a complete codification,
founded upon correct principles from begin-
ning to end, and that it ought, therefore, to be
adopted.
_ Now, the Senator argues that it will make no
difference in the exportation of the precious
metals whether or not this coinage charge is
abolished, and he insists that coin is a form
of the precious metals more convenient for
exportation than bullion. I should like to
submit this question to the Senator: sup-
pose a million dollars is to be taken from
San Francisco to London, would it not be
more profitable for a man to transport a mil-
lion dollars bullion than it would a milllion
dollars coin? Is he not compelled in the
exportation of the million dollars of coin to
export one tenth alloy, because when our gold
is^ coined there is one tenth alloy mixed up
with the bullion ? That is to be transported
as well as the real gold which the coin con-
tains ; and when it reaches England this mil-
lion of coin must be reminted in England at a
great loss to the man who exports it from the
United States. But if he takes the million
dollars in -bullion from San Francisco he takes
the pure metal, the gold, and be takes it to
England, and it is converted into coin there at
a profit; because when it is converted into coin
by the mint of England, without any charge to
him, it is worth more in coin there than it is
m bullion.
So it is perfectly manifest that if it becomes
necessary to export from the United States a
million dollars for any purpose, under existing
circumstances, the exporter would always take
the bullion and not take the coin. How is it
that coin is in a more convenient form for
exportation than bullion? Does the Senator
mean to say that it is less in bulk? Does he
