1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1201
consent,, as it is not to perfect the words pro-
poped to be stricken out,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I perceive what the pro-
posed amendment is, and I know that it would
improve the bill a great deal; but I wish to
test the sense of the Senate broadly upon the
question whether in this matter of subsidies we
shall proceed upon any otner plan than that
which has hitherto been sanctioned by law;
and that is, of authorizing the proper Depart-
ment to advertise for proposals for the service
required, and to receive bids from any citizen
of the United States who is ready to furnish
the best ship and carry the mails for the least
money. I wish to get the sense of the Senate
broadly upon that precise question; and there-
fore I must insist upon my motion, with that
view, to strike out the names of these persons
as contractors entirely. If the Senate prefer
this way of doing it, very well; I shall have
nothing more to say; but if they agree with
me as to the propriety of our previous legis-
lation and as to the danger of legislation of
the character here proposed, making binding
contracts for ten years with particular parlies
named, then they will vote, as I have proposed,
to strike out these names.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am quite willing, in
order to meet the objection of the Senator
from Vermont, to accept the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Alabama. It
seems to me that that ought to meet the
whole objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont withdraws his proposed amend-
ment it will Be in order then to entertain the
amendment of the Senator from Alabama, but
not while the' amendment of the Senator ftom
Vermont is pending.
Mr. KELLOGG. I only desired to express
my opinion to the Senate.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest that the Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraw his amendment
until mine is voted on, and his will then be in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I prefer to take the sense
of the Senate on the question as it stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to strike out the names from the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. How will it read with that
amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will not read well;
but if the Senate agree to my amendment it
will be necessary to change the phraseology
so as to tnrn the bill into the ordinary form
of inviting proposals.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that the section will read properly, as
he has prepared the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Verywell. Ididnotknow
that.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the text as it would stand if the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont
were agreed to.
The Chief Clerk, If amended as pro-
posed the section wmjld read:
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to contract for the convey-
ance of the mails from and to tha United States, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, striking out the names
The amendment was agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 24, noes 20.
Sir. KELLOGG. I ask if it will be in order
afterward, at any subsequent period, to offer
the amendment proposed a moment or two
since bv the Senator from Alabama?
IV VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly it will.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. I voted against striking
. out these names with a view of voting for the
I amendment of the Senator from Alabama, so
that the Postmaster General may contract with
any parties he chooses who submit a proper
proposition.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 76.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thit is exactly the way
we have left it now.
Mr. CHANDLER. In line eleven, section
two, after the word " class," I move to insert
"of not less than two thousand tons burden.''
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Michigan
if he is entirely sure that a ship of that size
could enter these ports ? I think not. I think
he will destroy the service by that amendment.
Fifteen hundred ton ships will be as large as
they can use.
Mr. KELLOGG. The very largest.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I will sub-
stitute fifteen hundred tons. I do not desire
to embarrass the measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now I move to strike
out the proviso to section three, which is in
these words:
Provided further, That the Postmaster General be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay to the within
contract parties a pro rata amount of the compensa-
tion for the first five years for any suitable vessel or
vessets'as may be placed as pioneers on the above
route prior to' the commencement of the contract
service herein provided for.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the vote is taken
on that I desire to amend the text which the
Senator proposes to strike out.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out the
words ''five years," in line nine, and insert
'•eighteen calendar months;" and then to
add at the end of the proviso the words "not
exceeding the amount of ocean postages."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pehding the
motion to strike out this proviso the Sena-
tor from Iowa moves to perfect the proviso
by striking out "five years" and inserting
"eighteen calendar months," and adding to
line eleven the words "not exceeding the
amount of ocean postages."
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
question divided. I will vote for the first
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, and
not for the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question
will be divided.
Mr. NYE. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. It simply spoils the whole bill.
Mr. HARLAN. My reason for making this
motion will be clear by referring to the text
of the fourth page, where the contractors are
required, " within eighteen calendar months
from the date of the contract herein provided
for," to construct these vessels. If they ful-
fill their contract they will have the new ships
by the end of the period of eighteen months,
and during that period I would be willingthat
the Postmaster General should permit them to
use other vessels, but not for a longer period,
for if they fulfill their contract they will have
new ships at the end of eighteen months.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have no objection to
that modification. It was resisted under a
misapprehension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa will be regarded
as agreed to, if there be no objection, substi-
tuting "eighteen calendar months" for "five
years;" andthesecond amendment ofthe Sen-
ator from Iowa will now be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is at the end of the
proviso to insert "not exceeding the amount
of ocean postages."
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will not insist on that amendment. It is
virtually a destruction or defeat of the whole
bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. Of course it is.
Mr. RAMSEY. Our postal communica-
tions with the Mexican ports are very trifling
indeed. The object of the bill is chiefly to
stimulate commerce between that republic and
our own country. There is a vast commerce
in Mexico that can be brought out by furnish-
ing them with regular semi-monthly communi-
cation. That is the great object. The post-
ages are not sufficient to pay for that service.
The communication between the American and
Mexican republics oanuot certainly lead to
much postage revenue.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose there are two
objects to be attained by the passage of this
bill. One is to secure the construction of suit-
able ships for this trade, and another is ta
secure the regular transit of the mails between
certain ports of the United States and the
ports named in the bill. For these purposes
it is proposed by this proviso during the inter-
mediate period of eighteen months before the
ships shall have been constructed " that the
Postmaster General be, and is hereby, author-
ized to pay to the within contract parties a
pro rata amount ofthe compensation." There
is no justice, as it seems to me, in payingthese
parties as much for putting on two or three
old hulks that they may take up in some of the
ports of the United States, and that would be
sufficient to carry the mails as the bill contem-
plates, as they will be paid for the new ships
that are to be built and put upon the line. But
if these parties desire to enter upon this service
at once, to preoccupy the line, and pijt on
such ships as they may be enabled to hire or
buy during the period of eighteen months, I
am willing to give them the exclusive right of
carrying the mails, with all the advantages
that would accrue from that service.
Mr. POMEROY. As I understand the Sen-
ator, he means that the subsidy shall apply
after eighteen months. Is that what he means?
Mr. HARLAN. That the subsidy contem-
plated to stimulate these parties to build new
ships shall apply after the new ships shall have
been built.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to say but a single
word. I shall submit, of course, cheerfully to
the ruling of the Senate upon this point. It is
evident that there can be nothing gained from
the carrying of the mails*during the first eight-
een months. Certainly there is no postal ser-
vice on this line at the present time, and con-
sequently no mail between New Orleans and
these ports, and therefore the postages alone
would at present be no compensation what-
ever. I admit that it is a question in my
mind whether the contractors ought to be
paid as much for the first eighteen months'
service as for the services of the three fir,-.t-
class iron steamships specified in the first
section of the bill ; but I think they should
be paid considerably more than thn postages
can possibly be, for they will bo verv insignifi-
cant indeed, even afier the line fhall be estab-
lished. If the honoiable Senator from Iowa
would amend his proposition so as to ghe
a reasonable compensation for the eighieea
months' service—for instance, two thirds or
one half of the contract price—I should be
satisfied. My desire, I want to impress upon
the Senate and upon the mind of my friend
from Iowa, is to see the object of this bill
carried out in good faith.
Mr. HARLAN. I am perfectly willing to
comply-with the request of the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana if he will agree to modify
the phraseology in the eighth hue of section
three by striking out the words 11 a pro rata
amount of the compensation" and inserting
"a reasonable compensation."
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well. I am quite
willing to do so if that is the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. IIARLAN. That will leave it dis-
cretionary with the Postmaster General. I
withdraw my amendment and suggest the one
just indicated by the Senator from Louisiana.
I move to strike out in line eight the words
"pro rata amount of the" and insert "reason-
able."
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana has thrown new light on this
subject, and what he has just said seems to me
to change the general character of the bill as
heretofore presented to us. He says there is
