1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
876
mean to say tbat the same bulk of twenty-dol-
lar gold pieces will amount to as much as the
same bulk in gold bullion? Nothing of the
kind. Everybody knows that bullion is the
most convenient and is the safest form for
exportation. So that he is mistaken upon that
point.
Sir, it is in vain for Senators to theorize
when there are thousands of men in this country
who have seen with their own eyes the bankers
of Europe in the markets of this country buy-
ing up the gold bullion for exportation to Eu-
rope, for the purpose of making money in the
transaction, and not for the purpose of meeting
the demands of trade. When these facts are •
perfectly obvious, how can it be said, in answer
to such stubborn, real, incontrovertible facts,
that some philosopher of England, Mr. Mill
for instance, or some other man, has under-
taken, upon his theory of political economy, to
argue that it is advisable for a country to im-
pose a coinage charge ? And why should the
honorable Senator from Vermont say that it is
absurd in his opinion that such should be the
case, when the officers whose business it is to
manage this matter testify, of their own per-
sonal knowledge, that such is the fact, and that
there is a constant and growing trade in the
exportation of bullion from the United States,
which is sapping day by day the foundations of
our financial system, and bringing us every day
nearer and nearer to bankruptcy, and carrying
us further and further from the. redemption of
our irredeemable currency of which the Sen-
ator speaks?
He says it makes no difference as to the
amount of coin in the United States so long
as there is an irredeemable currency in circu-
lation, so long as we have greenbacks for a
currency. Sir, it ./nay make no difference to
the people of Vermont, where they have no
money except greenbacks or national bank
notes, but it makes a vast difference to that
portion of the United States where the circu-
lating medium is coin, and where, of course,
it will be of advantage to business to have
three dollars in coin in circulation where there
is now one. It is unnecessary to say, because
everybody knows it, that the greater the amount
of coin in circulation the greater the advan-
tages to trade and commerce, and the greater
the facilities for the transaction of all sorts of
business; and the way we are to reach the re-
sumption of specie payments in this country,
if we ever reach it at all, is to pursue that pol-
icy which wiil increase the amount of coin
until the currency and the coin are brought to
a par value.
Any sort of policy thattendsto turn the pre-
cious metals into a channel that will carry them
to foreign countries is a policy that takes us
away from the resumption of specie payments.
Everything that we can do to retain coin_ in
this country is an effort made in the direction
in which the honorable Senator is going, and
in which we all wish to go, the resumption of
specie payments and the return to a sound
circulating medium.
So I think, Mr. President, that the argument
the Senator from Ohio made in his last speech
does not avail anything in his favor, and that
the position taken by those who advocate this
biil without amendment is sustained. I know
how easy it is to influence Senator's minds
with an idea that there is some local advantage
in what we propose; and I have noticed, I am
sorry to say, that sometimes when it has been
suggested that a proposed piece of legislation
was for the Pacific coast a little feeling has
been aroused, as though Congress was asked
to confer some special favors upon that coast
at the instance of its Representatives.
But, sir, I see nothing of that kind here. 1
pay it is equally for the benefit of the people
of this country everywhere that we should en-
deavor, as far as possible, by our legislation
to convert the production of our mines into
coin and put it into the circulation of the coun-
try. That, I say, is an argumentwhich no one
can answer; and if this policy will produce
that result—and I have no doubt it will—it is a
policy that does not benefit alone the Pacific
coast but every State and every part of the
United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I should
desire every Senator, before voting upon this
issue, to ask himself whether he regards it as
desirable at all, in any point of view, that the
gold produced in the United States should go
as largely as possible into the gold coin of
the United States? If he doesthink so, I call
his attention to the very significant and, in-
deed, serious fact, that out of about forty mil-
lions of gold produced on the Pacific coast not
more than seven or eight millions go into the
mint for coinage. That is a fact calculated to
arrest attention. It is one that all business
men and all thinking persons would naturally
pause upon and consider.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to correct my
friend. The amount of gold coined in Cali-
fornia last year was $19,216,000, and the total
amount of coinage in the United Slates was
$30,103,000. The whole product of the coun-
try is between forty and sixty millions. I have
here the last Treasury report on the subject.
Mr. CASSERLY. The figures I stated were
derived from the report of the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think about three fifths
of the gold produced is coined.
Mr. CASSERLY. No ; I think not so much
as that. I relied on the testimony contained
in the report of the Committee on Betrench
ment, which sat in San Francisco, as most
members are aware, and took a, great deal of
testimony upon several questions, including
this one, as to the propriety of retaining this
charge; and I saw that one of the most ex-
perienced men on this subject upon that coast
testified, at page 276 of the report, that out
of a product of about forty millions of gold
not more than six or seven millions went to
the United States mint, and that principally
from remote districts, far in the interior, where
the relative commercial value of bullion and
its minting value were not at all understood.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a mistake; the
amount was nineteen millions.
Mr. CASSERLY. So it seems; but at all
events that is only fifty per cent, of the entire
bullion of the country that remains in the
country as coin. I do not enter into the dis-
cussion, which has so many sides to it, as to
whether it is an advantage, or the contrary,
under ordinary normal circumstances, for a
country to retain its gold coin at home; hut
under existing circumstances, with a constant
demand for gold coin to pay duties required
by your own laws, with a necessity for the
resumption of specie payments at some period
in the future, it seems to me that a state of
facts, where for every dollar of your own gold
which goes into the coin of the country another
dollar goes out of it, is well calculated to excite
attention and anxiety. And what is the cause
expressed as the reason why so large a portion
of the bullion produced in the country goes
out o/ the country ? The cause, as assigned by
those best qualified to speak, is that the coin-
age charge at the mint and the cost of refining
produce that result. That is the cause as
assigned by them; and I believe I shall be
stating what nearly all my associates from the
Pacific coast are aware of, and what is an
uncontested fact, when I say that for two or
three years past bullion has been worth con-
siderably more in the markets of San Fran-
cisco for export than for coinage at the mint.
I rose merely to place that single point of
view before the Senate, as I omitted to do so
when I was last up.
Mr. President, I shall not waste many words
on the criticism of my friend, the Senator from
Ohio, as to my employment of the word ''tax
in reference to this seigniorage. I desire always
to be correct and fair in discussion. I do not
propose to employ a false argument under the
guise of a false word; bat was- I wrong.in
employing the term "tax" in reference; to this
charge? The argument of the Senator- ihil-
self was that if these expenses of coinage ivere
not paid bythis charge they would go into the
mass of moiiey to be raised by taxes; in'Other
.words, the people would have to pay for- this
reduction into coin in the shape of taxes-ifthe
Aarges were not paid by the owner of the
bullion. Now, sir, it seems to me quite plain
that it is a tax in one aspect as well as in the
other. It is a tax if the owner of the bullion
pays it. It is a tax if the people at large pay
it. Whatever charge the Government requires
for the exercise of its functions, in whatever
way it is imposed or levied, is a tax in the
ultimate resolution of it. It is neither more
nor less. Postage has been pronounced a tax
by so competent a writer as Mr. McCulloch,
and I believe he includes it in his book on
taxation as one of the subjects that properly
come under that head; and why is it not ? If
postage was not paid upon letters the expense
of carrying those letters would be discharged
by a tax at large ; but, instead of a tax at large,
you levy the cost of carrying those letters by a
tax on the individuals who deliver the letters
to be carried. I think the use of the word
"tax" was not open to criticism, but was a
just and accurate application of the word.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do notrise for
the purpose of detaining the Senate. A year
ago I had the honor of addressing the Senate
on this same question, and the remarks I then
made, though not very well considered, I
find by experience that I am ready to indorse
now. But there were two or three suggestions
made oy the honorable Senator from Ohio
which, it strikes me, will not bear the criticism
of an enlightened people.
One half of this continent in extent is gold
and silver producing, and I think in more than
one half of the continent, here and thei-e, are
found gold and silver producing mines. There-
fore, because I chance to live upon the sunset
side of the continent, it is hardly fair to say
that the opposition to this coinage {barge is
localin the representation from that coastwhen
I speak as well for North Carolina and Vir-
ginia as I do for the Pacific coast. I speak as
well for Kansas and Dakota as for Nevada and
California.
Sir, gold and silver coin is the constitutional
currency of this country. It is called the
Government money, emphatically. Paper is
different. Coin is the currency that the Con-
stitution demands, the standard of which reg-
ulates the value of every product of the coun-
try. Therefore, when 1 go into the mountain
and toil and produce the bullion I bring it
into the lap of my country to be coined; and
whom for? Not for myself, but for the coun-
try. I must bring to the Mint, to the very-
bosom and lap of my country, my production ;
and how does the law as it stands now, and as
it has stood since 1853, treat me ? It says to
me, "Notwithstanding you bring this most
essential element upon which the Government
feeds, we charge you one half of one per cent,
for putting the stamp of the Governmentnpon
it." The honorable Senator from Ohio may
call it by any other name he pleases, it is a
tax upon me as a producer. I bring you the
bullion ; you demand it of me for the exigency
and wants of yonr country, and you pay me
no more than its value, less what it costs to
coin. Now, sir, I undertake to say that in
principle such a charge cannot be maintained.
It is not sound ; it is not wise; it is not just;
it is a piece of injustice. You tax the pro-
ductions of one portion of your couaiiy
unequally.
I always listen to the honorable Senator from
Vermont when he asseits theory and expe-
rience with the greatest interest. The great
product of bis State is wool. Suppose tney
had to dispose of their wool, as against, the
wool of the world, at a, discount of one ha.t
of one per cent.j great as is Vermont, great as
