376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
h£r product in wool is, he and his constituents
would find themselves greatly Crippled in that
regard.
The Senator says it is the demand that con-
trols the price. I answer, it is the circum-
stances around that demand which'control the
price.
Mr. President, my mind is so constituted
that I always doubt when I hear men theorize
when I know to the contrary. I stood less
than two years ago in the streets of San Fran-
cisco, in California, and iu the dark day of a
financial crisis there I saw cartloads of Amer-
ican bullion sacrificed to British buyers be-
cause they could pay one half of one per cent,
more than we could, as their coinage was all
free. The profits that day to the English bank-
ers was double what the profits of this whole
coinage is for twelve months to this nation.
You give them one eighth of one per cent,
advantage over the bullion buyers of our own
country, and they can glean our own markets
of the product. What is the use of interpos-
ing a theory against fact? We know it; we
have seen it done; the fact exists—and why ?
Because they can get the bullion, in coin, a
half per cent, cheaper than we can. That is
an advantage they should not have. I repeat
that it is unjust on the part of the Government
to impose upon this commodity, the most im-
portant and essential to the existence of the
Government, one half of one per cent, for the
pux-pose of making it its coin and its currency.
Mr. President, according to to-day's report
there is now $125,000,000 of coin locked up
in the vaults of the Treasury. That money
is there, and it is considered as important to
keep it there as is the pulsation of tht heart
to human existence. You have taxed my
constituents for producing the element out
of which it is made one half one per cent. If
upon any principle of public policy or any
principle of political economy you can dem-
onstrate to me that it is better that the individ-
ual should bear that tax than the Government
then I will yield the point, but not till then.
The honorable Senator from Ohio inquires,
with a j^-eat deal of emphasis, if you take off
this charge of $100,000 a year where are you
to look to make up the deficit? Well, sir, I
will go to Ohio's greatest production, whisky,
and put it on that. If men are fools enough
to drink whisky let them pay for it. Whisky
is not important to the circulation orthe exist-
ence of the Government, but is destructive to
human circulation; and yet my friend would
squirm like a worm that was trod upon if you
should talk of putting one cent more tax on
Ohio whisky. Make the tax on whisky a dollar
instead of fifty cents, and we can take off other
taxes under which the people groan. If you
do not want to put it on the honorable .Sen-
ator's whisky, put it on another great product,
tobacco. I can find ample means from which
to raise this amount; means that do not crip-
ple producers, and means that are protective
m their character to humanity; and yet the
honorable Senator pursues the product of one
half of the continent, with as much avidity as
the dog pursues the track that is scented with
blood, for three tenths of a penny for coinage;
and my friend from Vermont backs him with
a placidity that is interesting and instructive;
he indorses it. Where else shall we look for
this $100,000? Look to whisky, Ohio's greatest
production ; look to the manufacturing inter-
ests of Vermont that my friend never fails to
look after with great care; look anywhere else,
but do not lay a tax upon the toil of those who
produce what your Government requires, and
who come and lay it in your lap—a tax of one
half of one per cent, for putting that com-
modity into coin so that you can use it. The
honorable Senator from Ohio will fail to con-
vince the people of this great nation that there
is no other place to look for this $100,000.
Sir, we know by experience what the result
of this coinage is. It makes our money more
abundant. On the Pacific coast we have no
other coin. I know the answer may be that
we could have had greenbacks ; but when we
got so that we could have them we found the
most of them taken up for Ohio and the east-
ern States, and the field was all occupied. My
friend from Ohio says you charge a penny for
printing the notes for those banks. Yes, and
you pay them interest on the capital with which
they buy them. You pay me no interest on
the bullion that I produce, but you pay interest
to the banker for the very capital that he uses;
ay, more, the very capital he uses is the credit
of the Government. That is the difference.
If I had the power I would charge them two
or three or four per cent., for they have the
advantage in dealing in the commodity that
the man in bullion does not have. Let my
honorable friend look to that banking system
of which he is so great a defender, and see if
he cannot squeeze |>100,000 out of them and
not make them poor. Go there and make up
your deficit of $100,000, but when the honest,
toiling miner brings in his bullion, which con-
stitutes the life-blood of your country, do not
tax him one half of one per cent, or three tenths
of one per cent, for making it available, not
to him, but to the Government whose Consti-
tution requires it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
debate is nearly exhausted, and I shall add but
a word more. The Senators from the Pacific
coast seem to make such an opposition to this
amendment that I must suppose they believe
they have some interest in abolishing this
seigniorage charge. I confess, with all the
information I possess on the subject, (which is
not very much,) I am unable to see how it is
going to benefit the Pacific coast or the miners.
1 agree that the Pacific coast has not been well
used in relation to one thing: the Government
of the United States has not created a demand
and use for coinage except for the payment of
duties on imports. If we could create a de-
mand and use for coinage on the part of all the
people, then I agree the Pacific coast would be
somewhat benefited. But the idea seems to
underlie the argument of these distinguished
Senators that the Government of the United
States is bound to take all the gold that is pro-
duced in this country and give it an additional
value of three tenths of one per cent, for their
benefit.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, it is the farthest.from that possible.
I speak as well for Vermont as for California
and Nevada. The Pacific coast are making no
complaint about this tax as a coast at all.
They are speaking for the whole people, come
from where this bullion may.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Ionlyalludeto
the fact because no Senators except those from
that section of the country have appeared in
opposition to this so-called tax.
Now, Mr. President, it is manifest that the
Government in making this coinage does add
to its value for local purposes, when circulated
in this country, at least three tenths of one
per cent, if not one half of one per cent. Shall
the Government be compelled to buy the entire
product of the country and add to that the
three tenths of one per cent., when the whole
of it, while we are in a state of non-resump-
tion, is to be exported abroad, a total loss to
the Government and a benefit to nobody. No
considerable part of it will or can be retained
in this country so long as the suspension of
specie payment shall exist; and oven when
we resume the exportation of bullion and of
coin will continue. We produce more gold
and silver than we can use in the shape of
coin. At least eighty per cent, of it, after we
shall have resumed, will go abroad as soon
as the ordinary channels of business shall be
filled with the amount that may be required for
the common purposes of business. So long
as this country is a gold and silver producing
country we must treat bullion as a commodity,
as a thing to be exported; and it will be bought
not only in Sau Francisco, but in New York,
and every other place where they require it to
settle the balances of trade.
Sir, why should not the miners of nickel and
of copper come here and demand that we shall
take all their nickel and copper and give them
nickel coinage or copper coinage without any
charge for seigniorage ? _ As soon as you apply
this upon any general principle I think it will
be seen that I did not use too strong an epithet
in denouncing it as an absurdity.
This is not a tax in any sense of the word.
We merely raise the local value of the gold and
silver by coinage, and charge exactly the cost
of our labor in doing it; and so far as the coin
■circulates in the country it will pass at the
value put upon it by the United States. But,
as I before stated, until we resume specie pay-
ments it matters not whether we coin much or
little; all or nearly all of our gold product will
go abroad. It is a mere commodity of bargain
and sale.
Mr. COKBETT, I simply wish to say that
this is a practical question. We-have the evi-
dence before us that bullion in bars, refined
bullion stamped by numbers simply, the pure
gold, goes abroad sooner than the coin docs.
There is a tax upon it as coin, and therefore it
is the last thing that goes abroad. Take off
the tax on this coinage, and then there is no
object in shipping the bullion abroad, unless
they pay a premium over and above so as to
bring it up to the price of coin. If we put the
alloy in the coin we make it less desirable to
send abroad, and make it more expensive for
England to coin it. She cannot put her own
alloy in it, for we have already placed the alloy
in it which makes it less desirable than the pure
gold to send abroad. This tax upon the coin
does make it less desirable for the producers
to put it into coin than it wijuld be if there was
no tax upon it, and consequently it is not put
into coin except for the immediate uses of the
Government. Now, because we have not re-
sumed specie payments shall we not coin any
more money in order to resume specie pay-
ments ?
This coinage charge, of course, is a tax to a
certain extent upon the mining community;
but I do not urge its abolition upon that prin-
ciple alone. I do not regard it as simply a tax
of $100,000 a year upon the miners; but I
look upon it as extremely pernicious in its
effectupon the system that we propose to ado jjt;
that is, a return to specie payments. As long
as this tax is imposed upon the bullion it will
not be coined for our use at home, but it will
go abroad in the shape of bars, refined bullion,
or dust, instead of being retained here, 'i'be
simple question is, whether we desire to retain
the gold here and send something else abroad
in its place.
Senators talk about favoring the Pacific
coast. Do we not pay to Pennsylvania seven
dollars a ton to protect her iron interest ? Is
not that a tax upon the Pacific coast as well
as upon every other portion of the country ?
We do not complain of that. I am in favor
of it. Let us protect our own industries, let
us stimulate them. I say stimulate the pro-
duction of gold, and then keep it at home. I
desire that and nothing more. It is a produc-
tion of the Pacific coast. Let ns so legislate
that we shall produce the greatest quantity  f
it, and retain the greatest quantity of it in our
own country. By relieving bullion from this
coinagetax we shall retain a greater quantity
of coin in the country, as is shown by the prac-
tical effect of the present system, which is, that
all the bars go out of the country first, and
then simply the amount of coin that is required
to make up the necessary balances, for which
they have to pay a higher price.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very loth to detain
the Senate further; but I have just found in the
report of the^Committee on Retrenchment the
testimony of an extremely well-informed and
capable gentleman in San S'rancisco. That
testimony serves to clear up entirely the argu-
ment upon which the Senator from Ohio laid
