1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373:
so much stress, namely, the argument of the
English chancellor of the exchequer. It Shows
what the meaning of that argument was and
the new policy to which it looked. It shows
that the meaning of it was that the English
Government was beginning to be alarmed by
the constant drain 01 gold which that country
was suffering in favor of Prance; and for the
purpose of arresting that drain, and keeping the
English gold coin at home, he proposed to re-
sort to this method of a seigniorage, the seign-
iorage to be in the shape, not so much of a tax
or charge upon coin of full weight, but in the
shape of a deduction from the value of the
coin itself.
I was not at all prepared for this discussion
to-day. I had no idea this bill was coming up,
and I came here entirely unprepared, entirely
unprovided with arguments or authorities. In
that point of view, and indeed in a great many
others, the Senator from Ohio had vast advan-
tage of me. And hence I am obliged to repair,
as the discussion proceeds, the omissions in
the few words which I undertook originally to
present. I ask the Clerk if he >will be so kind
as to read so much of the testimony of Mr. Gar-
nett, from the report of the committee, as I
have marked?- The subject is an interesting
and difficult one, and I am sure what I offer to
be read will not be without benefit to every
gentleman who hears it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Question. What is -your opinion in respect to the
charges the Government ought to impose for coining ?
"Answer. They now charge one half of one per
cent. My opinion is that the charge ought to be
abrogated altogether; itshould be free.
** Question. State your reasons for that opinion,
"Answer. That is a question which has been very
fully discussed in Europe during the last two hun-
dred or three hundred years; and more recently in
England again, growing out of the monetary con-
vention of Paris. I soe that the chancellor of the
exchequer has made avery astonishing proposition in
relation to the English sovereign, to impose a seign-
iorage or coinage charge of one ijer cent. The Eng-
lish. has been the only Government which has had an
absolutely free-coinage system. They are now get-
ting a little apprehensive about their stock of bul-
lion and coin. France has seemed to accumulate
almost all the gold of the world; and as a means of
checking the export abroad, the English propose
levying a seigniorage on their coin by reducing its
weight. The technical part of the question is very
little understood by the ablest politico-economic
writers, and they arc very apt to confound two dis-
tinct modes of levying a seigniorage or coinage
charge, the effects of which are very different. One
is such as ours and in France, where you coin the
whole amount of a man's deposit into coin of full
weight, and deduct a proportion of those coins as a
seigniorage. The other is where you take from him.
a portion of themetal he brings in, and coin the bal-
anceinto the same number of coins of less weight that
the whole deposit would make of full coins. J^or in-
stance, if I were to take five hundred and thirty-seven
and a half ouneesof standard gold to our Mint, which
is exactly on efchousand eagles, theGrOvernment would
coin that into one thousand eagles, or $10,000; and
they would reserve five eagles, which is fifty dollars,
or one half of one percent., fortius, making two and
sixty-eight hundredths ounces; and they would de-
liver to me five hundred and thirty-four and eighty-
one hundredths ounces, or nine hundred and ninety-
five eagles, being $9,950. That is, they have taken
fifty dollars out of me, individually, when all the
world is as much interested in coinage as I am. That
is the direct mode; that is the modo used by us and
by France. The other mode is to take the two and
sixty-eight hundredths ounces of bullion from me
and then turn my five hundred and thirty-four and
eighty-one hundredths ounces into one thousand
engles, and give them to mo as $10,000. There the
coin passes for a greater value than the amount of
bullion itcoutains. That is tho mode of seigniorage
which prevents the export of coin, and retains the
coin in circulation; because it contains less bullion
than its current value, and therefore nobody will
take it at ten dollars and export it abroad and only
get $9 95 for it. That system is a prevention of the
export of the coins of a country; and in that view
tho chancellor of the exchequer has recommended
that the sovereign be reduced one percent. But it
would have this effect: it would lead at once to the
recoinage of all the old coin in existence ; because
there would be a clear profit of at least three fourths
of one per cent, indoingso, Itwould deplete 1 ranee
of its coinage, which is of full weight, because there
would be a profit of three fourths per cent., and the
gold coin of France would go to England and bo con-
verted into sovereigns. He evidently does not see
that part of the effect it would have, lhe Jingiish
idea of money, which is a universal equivalent ot
values, with a certain fixed unit, beyond arbitrary
caprice or cupidity, which shall at all times repre-
sent a certain value, is the real idea of money,!
think. In accordance with that, for two hundred
years, after having been discussed by the ablest men
in England, they have had, ever since Charles II's
day, a free gold coinage; and only now have they
suggested this idea of a seigniorage, because of the
fact that her coinage being of full weight, a stamped
ingot like ours is aptto be melted down or go abroad.
" Question. What is the charge in France?
*'Answer. The charge ia France is six francs
seventy centimes per kilogram, which is thirty-two
and one sixth ounces; it is about one filth of one
per cent. The charge with us is one half of one per
cent., and nothing ia England. If we take off our
coinago charge, with the low rate of refining that
the private refiner refines at, the whole of our me-
tallic product here at once becomes more valuable
for coinage here than for export abroad. That
would be the immediate effect.
" Question. Your idea is that whatever lessens the
cost of the coined metal to the public has a tendency
to prevent the export of bullion ?
"Answer. Yes; because it makes the value greater
at home for coinage than it does for export abroad.
The result would be that our whole $40,000,000
would be refined hero, and go into coin and into
circulation.
"Question. But when tho balance of trade is
against us, coin will go abroad, will it not ?
Answer. That is something we cannot avoid. "Wo
have to settle the balance of trade against us with
gold in some sort; but now there is a constant incen-
tive to send gold abroad when the balance of trade
is not against us, but simply as a commodity which
pays for its export abroad and a profit above the par
of exchange. That is what is ruining us hero. Be-
sides, even when the balance of trade is against us,
while we are exporting gold to one country we are
importing it as a commodity from another. Take
our own case: when we are exporting our fine silver
to China and our unrefined metal to Europe, we aro
importing unrefined metal from British Columbia
above us and unrefined metal from Mexico below
us; and yet the exchange in the aggregate, taking
the entire country, is against us. Therefore we are
importers of bullion as a commodity, while tho bal-
ance of trade may be against us. In proof of this,
we constantly find the fact in New York and the
eastern markets and in ours, that when the market
is well supplied with commercial bills in abundance,
which the banker can cover his own exchanges with,
he will not do it because the out-run on his bullion
abroad will pay him a better profit than the dis-
count of commercial bills, besides having a specio
remittance, so that there is a constant tendency to
export our bullion without reference to the balance
of trade. When the bullion is once converted int*
coin, nobody will export coin except as an absolute
necessity, because the ordinary wear and tear of our
Mint which results in the new coin being under the
exact standard, which the imperfectness of manipu-
lation an&rnechanics hasnever enabled us to obtain,
is always a drawback on the export of coin. For
instance, a twenty-dollar piece should weigh exactly
five hundred and sixteen grains, but knowing it to
be impossible to get exact weight the law allows a
deviation of half a grain either way; it may weigh
five hundred and sixteen and a half or five hundred
and fifteen and a half grains. They generally try to
keep if under that half a grain. Then there is the
wear and tear of coin in uso, Inasmuch as foreign
coins when exported aro treated as mere bullion,
this is always a check against the export of our
coins, and therefore our coins will never go abroad
ifwocanonce convert our bullion into coin,unless as
an absolute necessity. On our silver coin the wear
apd tear amounts to as much as five per cent, now,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance to the
twenty-fifth section of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Clerk to read,
for the information of the Senate, the amend-
ment which it is proposed to act upon.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment: to
insert in the twenty-fifth section, after the
words '''as follows," in line three, the words
il for coinage, whether the gold and silver de-
posited be coined or cast into bars or ingots,
in addition to the charge for refining or part-
ing the metals, three tenths of one per cent."
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state to Senators
that is precisely the law as it now stands, ex-
cept that the rate is made three tenths of one
per cent, instead of one half of one per cent.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask my colleague if
this bill repeals the law as it stands?
Mr. SHERMAN. The general repealing
clause repeals the law as it now stands.
Mr. THURMAN. Then, if the amendment
of the committee should be voted down, and
the bill should pass without that amendment,
the coinage charge will be abolished by the
repealing clause of the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all I want to
know.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment reduces
it from one half of one per cent, to three tenths
of one per cent.
Mr. STEWART called for theyeas amysj
and they were ordered.- ? ■ t e *
Mr. STEWART., I hope it iauftderstood
now that a vote "yea" "retains *£h« ,ie©H>age
charge, and a vot8 unay" abolishes th© e©i®^
age charge. . / f r "s •*
The question being takert by yeas^ and nays^
resulted—yeas 25, nays 22; as fotlowsc • ">
YEAS—Messrs, Abbott, Ames* Bayard, Boreman,
Buckingham, Carpenter. Chandler,-Edmunds, den-
ton, Flanagan, Gilbert.Hamilton of Texas, Barl&o,
Hams, Howeil, Jowott^ Morrill of Vermont; Pratt,
Revels, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Warner,
and Vvilley—25,
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly. Cole Coukl!ng,-Corbett,
Davis, bowler, Johnston, McCreery, Mortori, Nye*
Pool, Rice, Ross, Saulsburv, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Yickers, Williams, Wilson,' and
Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown-low, Cam or  n,
Cattell, Cragin. Eerry, Hamilton of Maryland, Eb m-
lin, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis* McDons-ld,
Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeioy,
Ramsey, Robertson, Spencer, Spragne, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull, and windom—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in the twenty-fifth section", line
twelve, after the word "charges," to inssrt
the words u other than for coinage j" so as to
read:
And the rate of these charges, other than for
coinage, shall be fixed, from time to time, by ihe
Director, with the concurrence of the Secretary of
tho Treasury, so as to equal, but not to exceed in
their judgment, tho actual average expense to en eh
mint of the material and labor employed in each of
the cases aforementioned.
The amendment was agreed to.-
The next amendment of the Committee .* n
Finance was in section sixty-seven, line ten,
after the word " mints," to insert the worls
"or assay offices;" so as to read :
Or if any of the weights used at any of the mints
or assay offices of the "United States shall be defaced,
increased, or diminished, through the default orcon-
nivance of any of the officers or persons who shall
be employed at the said mints or assay offices, with
a fraudulent intent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert as an additional section:
Sec. 69. And be it further enacted, That the mints
and assay offices authorized by tHisactshall be known
as the Mint of the United States at Philadelphia, the
mint of the United States at San Francisco, themint
of the United States at Carson; the United States
assay office at New York, the United States assay
office at Denver, and the United States assay office
at Boise City, Idaho; and all unexpended appropri-
ations heretofore authorized by law for the uso of
the Mint of the United States at Philadelphia, the
branch mint of the United States in California, the
branch Mint of the United States at Denver, the
United States assay office in New York, and the
United States assay office at Boise City, Idaho, nro
hereby authorized to be transferred for the accomt
and use of the institutions established and located
respectively at the places designated by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee >m
Finance was to insert as an additional section:
Sec. 70. Ajid be it further enacted. That the Sec/e-*
tary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized at
his discretion to remove the whole or any part of Hie
machinery, apparatus, and fixtures of the braiieh
mints of the United States at New Orleans, Charlotte,
and Dalilonega, to any other institution authoriwd
by this act, or at his discretion to sell, at p.ublic sale,
all the real estate, buildings, machinery, anparatcs,
and fixtures belonging thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to-insert the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 71. Andbeit further enacted, That^his act may
be cited as the "coinage act, 1870;" and-all other
acts and parts of acts pertaining to the mints, assay
offices, and coinage of the United States are hereby
repealed: Provided, That this act shall not be con-
strued to affect any act done, right accrued, or pen-
alty incurred, under former acts, but every such right
is hereby saved; and all suits and prosecutions for
acts already done in violation of any former act or
acts of Congress relating to the subjects embraced m
this act may be commenced or proceeded with in nke
manner as if this act had not been passed; ami all
penal clauses and provisions in existing laws relating
to the subj ects embraced in this act shall be deemed
applicable thereto.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call the attention of the Senator from Ohio to
the language here used, "that this act may
