1204
I'HE OOKGfeESSIOKAL GLOBE.
February i4,
and without it we cannjot ,bhilcL up such a
commerce. If a line of ships is established
between England and Mexico, and no line is
established between the United States and
Mexico, the trade will be done with that line
between Europe and Mexico ; and it seems to
me, if we ever want to regain this trade, this
commerce, we must do something to encour-
age it. With these few remarks I hope that
we may take a vote on this qaestion and dis-
pose of this very important bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The qaestion is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I propose to
make a motion in relation to this bill and all
ail the other bills that propose subsidies to
steam lines. I have reduced it to writing, and
I send it to the desk and ask that it be read
by the Clerk.
Mr. COLE. Before that motion is put 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does theSenator
from Kentucky yield to the Senator from Cali-
fornia?
Mr. COLE. I wish to make a motion.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the motion?
Mr. COLE. To lay this bill aside and pro-
ceed with the appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not occupy much of
the time of the Senate.
^ The VICE PRESIDE NT. TheSenator from
Kentucky moves a proposition, which will be
read. The Chair is not informed yetwhatitis.
The Chief Clerk read the motion of Mr.
Davis, as follows:
That a select committee of seven, consisting of one
member of the Committee on Commerce, one mem-
ber ot the Committee on Naval Aff.iirs, one member
oi the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
one member of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
one member of the Committeeon Manufactures, one
member of the Committee on Finance, and one
member of the Committee on Public Lands, be ap-
pointed, to which -hall be referred the pending bill
and all other bills proposing a subsidy to any hue of
steamships. And said, committee shall inquire into
arid report as to the bestmodeof increasingthemer-
cautile mauno and commetcool the United States
with foreign cmnuric1*; and shall particularly inquire
whether the best means to that end would be the
Slanting of subsidies or by the removal and reduc-
tion ot dutiofcon loreign-Ouitt iron ships and of all
the mateii.il ot *toreign construction that is used in
buiidinsr such ships. And said commitfeeis author-
ized to hear evidence, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motionto refer
this bill is in order. A motion to refer the other
bills would require unanimous consent, they
not being before the Senate. A motion to
refer this bill to the committee proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky is in order and
has priority of the motion to amend,
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I rise——•
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield to the Senator from
California?
Mr. DAVfS. No, sir.
Mr. COLlS. Then I rise to a question of
order. C«m that resolution be considered
to day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
refer this bill can be considered to day.
Mr. COLE. I object to its consideration
to dav.
The VICE PRESIDENT. So far as this
pending bill is concerned the motion is ia
order and lias prioritv.
Mr. COLE. I understood the Senator to
rise to debate his resolution, which, I think,
under the rule, must go over if objected to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the
words "and all other bills."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
modify his motion. It is to refer the pending
bill; and thut motion is in order, and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor
upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am not
friendly to subsidies to steam lines. I ac-
knowledge my hostility to the system gener-
ally. If this was the only proposition 1 would
forego opposition to it, and I might be induced
to vote for it; but I understand that this is the
little end of the wedge; that the big end of it
is to come hereafter in bills of much larger
proportions-than the one that is now pending.
Mr.' President, what is the philosophy, the
reason of subsidies? There is a business, a
trade, a line of steamers that will not pay its
owners by its legitimate profits, and the prop-
osition is simply to make the Government of
the United States indorse those schemes and
to foot the loss. I am opposed to that prin-
ciple. I am a friend to American commerce,
to the American marine, especially mercan-
tile, and I want both increased and fostered
by every proper proposition and policy.
Now, sir, I want this subject inquired into
by the ablest members of the Senate from the
various committees that have charge of the
business and interests involved in the propo-
sition. I have named the committees that I
seek to draw the members of this select com-
mittee from in the resolution, and I think that
t(iey embrace all the principal interests of the
country, as they are represented by the com-
mittees of this Senate, that would be involved
in such a proceeding.
Mr. President, there never has been a prop-
osition for a subsidy that was not accompanied,
in my judgment, by foul practices, and that has
not been accompanied by a great deal of lob-
bying in the two Houses of Congress and in
the subsidizing of the lobbyists as well as of
the ships that were to be subsidized. All
propositions for subsidies give to those who
are to receive the subsidy an exclusive benefit,
a premium from the Treasury of the United
States for their particular business. I am
opposed to such monopoly. I want every
facility, every advantage, every inducement
that could properly be offered to merchants,
to shippers, to ship-builders, in their business;
and I will go as far as my reason can be con-
vinced for every proper proposition toward
that end. I think that much the fairest and
most equitable and comprehensive principle of
giving assistance would be by permitting mer-
chants and shippers to go abroad and to pur-
chase, duty free, iron ships. Such a privilege
would not interfere with domestic industry,
because there are no iron ships built in our
country. They cannot be built here. The
consequence is that foreign ship-yards build
all the iron vessels and our ship yards build
none. Then, to permit our merchants and
shippers who want to increase their business
and their enterprises to go abroad and pur-
chase iron ships duty free would not interfere
with any domestic production in the business
of building iron ships, besause none are built
here.
Mr. President, if our merchants and ship-
pers cannot build iron ships at home, is it,
or not, a blind and short-sighted policy that
would prevent them from going to the Clyde
or to other foreign ship-yards where iron ships
are built, and to purchase if they please, and
bring them here duty free? Our own mer-
chants; our own shippers, had as well own the
ships as let thevn be owned by foreigners, if
they can go abroad and purchase them duty
free, their enterprise, their sagacity, their
knowledge of their business will enable them
to make proper purchases ; they will make
them, and, with ships purchased without the
payment of any duty, they will be enabled to
enter into competition with British shippers or
any other shippers. If we cannot build the
ships, is that any reason why our merchants
and shippers should not be allowed to purchase
lines from British ship-yards and become them-
selves the proprietors of the lines and the
recipients of all the profits and business of
those lines? I can see none.
But, Mr. President, it may be that it would
be desirable for our ship-builders to build the
vessels themselves, for our ship-yards and our
shipwrights to be employed in the building
of iron vessels. My proposition contemplates
a policy of that kind, that every foreign pro-
duct, raw material, that enters into the con-
struction of ships, that is not produced in the
United States, shall be introduced duty free
and shall be placed, without tax on the cost,
in the hands of the American ship bnilder.
I do not make a positive and absolute prop-
osition in favor of either of these ideas. I
simply propose that a committee of the ablest
and most experienced men of the Senate, the
members who represent all our classes of in-
dustry and all the interests that can be affected
by such a policy as that, shall get together and
consult as to the best mode of fostering and
restoring American ship-building and Ameri-
can commerce, and that they shall inquire
especially into the means, whether subsidies
are the best system and the best principle,
whether they are most equal and impartial in
their operation, whether they are just to the
people of all the United States and to all the
merchants and shippers and ship builders, or
whether a better system would not be to allow
the purchasing of iron ships abroad duty free
and importing the material necessary -to con-
struct iron ships, so far as it is not produced
in our own country, duty free.
1 believe myself that an able committee,
organized as I propose such a select committee
shall be organized, composed of the material
that would constitute that committee, would
be the very best board, the best committee, to
which to refer these important subjects that
could be raised. Let them take the whole
subject in all is phases and relations, in all
its connections with the business and capital
and commerce of the country, and let them,
after mature and deliberate consideration, re-
port their conclusions to the Senate, with their
reasons and the evidence, and let the Senate,
upon sueh full information as would thus be
imparted to them, act upon this important
subject.
Mr. COLE. I move that this bill be post-
poned, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the general legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill, i think that
will not consume a great while, and if it is
disposed of at a reasonable hour there will be
no difficulty in returning to this bill. I suggest
that it would be dangerous to postpone the
consideration of that bill further. In this
opinion the entire Committee on Appropria-
tions concur, and they urge this action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The Senator
from California moves to postpone this bill
and all other orders for the purpose of taking
up the appropriation bill mentioned by him.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate is aware that
some days ago the bills reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations were assigned
for one o'clock to-day. That committee has
had no opportunity of asking the considera-
tion of any of its bills during this session, and
I hope now we shall not be disappointed.
The hill under discussion at this moment
relating to a steamship line was taken up as
unfinished business lying over from yesterday.
The next business in order is the bills liom
the Committee oil Foreign Relations, and I
hope my Iriend from California will not press
his bill now to the exclusion of the bills of
that committee, for he will easily see that if
they are excluded now, considering the num-
ber of special orders we have, they will be
thrown off to several days, if not indefinitely.
Now, I do not think that they will take a great
while; I think an hour or an hour and a half
will enable the Senate to dispose of the most
important of them and to do justice in some
special cases. Some of the bills are in the
nature of private claims which have a certain
precedence in the Senate. They have been
considered by the committee, and the Senate,
I presume, would not care to adjourn without,
acting upon them. I hope, therefore, that 1
do not ask too much of ray friend and of the
Senate if I ask that the Senate proceed with
the consideration of the special order.
Mr. COLE. I could not think of giving way
to mere private bills that are reported from the
