378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
be cited as the coinage act, 1870." It should
be the "coinage act, 1871."
Mr.;SHERMAN. Certainly that should be
changed, the date of the passage being post-
poned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so- corrected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the amend-
ments reported by the committee are disposed
of. If no further amendment be proposed the
bill will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After fifteen minutes spent in ex-
ecutive session the doors were reopened, and
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, January 9, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
sally snipe.
Mr. ELA introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2629)
for the relief of Sally Snipe; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
family of david rogers.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2030) for the relief of the widow and minor
children of David Rogers ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
iiousatonic river.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2631) for the improvement of the Housa-
tonic river, in the State of Connecticut; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
extension of patents.
Mr. KELLOGG also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2632) relative to the extension of
patents in the United States ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
civil service.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2633) to regulate the manner of making
appointments in the civil service; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
select Committee on the Civil Service, and
ordered to be printed.
suffrage.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2634) to amend an act approved May 31,
1870, entitled " An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other
purposes;" which was read a first and second
t.irae, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
aaron tinsley.
Mr. TOWNSEND introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2635) granting a pension to Aaron Tinsley,
father of Edward B. Tinsley, Abraham w.
Tiusley, Alexander (j. Tinsley, and Benjamin
R. Tinsley; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
elizabeth jl'clay.
Mr. TOWNSEND also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2636) granting a pension to Elizabeth
McClay, widow of Samuel McClay, late a pri-
vate in company B, one hundred and eighty-
third regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
forms of deeds, etc.
Mr. McKENZIE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2637) to regulate and simplify the forms
of deeds, &c., in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
public documents.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2638) to supply the universities and colleges
in the United States with copies of all public
documents published for the use of the Con-
gress of the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
collector at petersburg, virginia.
Mr. PLATT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2630) regulating the compensation of the col-
lector of customs for the district, of Peters-
burg, Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
congressional library.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced
a joint resolution (H. li. No. 442} to promote
the utility of the Congressional Library; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the joint Committee on the Library.
judge in alabama.
Mr. BUCK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2640) to provide for the appointment of an
additional judge of the district courts of the
State of Alabama, and for other purposes;
which was readafirst and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
francis 51. kirby.
Mr. DOX introduced a bill(H. R. No. 2641)
for the removal of the legal and political dis-
abilities of Francis M. Kirby, of the State of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. MORPHIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2642) for the removal of political disabilities;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
martin p. hardin.
Mr. MORPHIS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2643) for the relief of Martin P. Har-
din , of Pontotoc county, Mississippi; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
lands in louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, introduced a
bill (H. R. No". 2644) to relinquish the title of
the United States to certain lands located in
the parish of East Baton Rouge, in the State
of Louisiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
new orleans and northeastern railroad.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, also intro-
j duced a bill (H. R. No. 2645) granting the
j right of way through the public lands of the
United States to the New Orleans and North-
| eastern Railroad Company; which was read
I a first and second time, and referred to the
i Committee on the Public Lands.
sergeant major john champe.
Mr. WINANS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2646) to recognize the services, and for the
benefit of the heirs of Sergeant Major John
Champe; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered
to be printed.
common schools of the south.
Mr. ARNELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2647) to devote and set apart all moneys aris-
ing from the sale of public landa for five years
to the common schools of the South ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
freedmen's homestead company.
Mr. ARNELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2648) to incorporate the Freedmen's Home-
stead Company; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
extension of homestead act.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2649) to extend the benefits of- the homestead
act to officers, soldiers, and sailors honorably
discharged from the service of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
john ii. scruggs.
Mr. PROSSER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2650) for the relief of John H. Scruggs,
formerly a private of the life guard of Gen-
eral Jackson, in the war of 1812; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
d. j. griffiths.
Mr. PROSSER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2651) to pay to D. J. Griffiths, late sur-
geon of the second Kentucky infantry, arrears
of pension ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. PROSSER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2652) for the relief of certain persons
therein named of their legal and political dis-
abilities for participation in the rebellion;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the select Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
land-grant railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2653) to grant the right of way through
the public lands for a railroad and telegraph
line from Kelton, on the Central Pacific rail-
road, in Utah Territory, to Walla-Walla, in
Washington Territory ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
bounty to sailors.
Mr. ORTH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2654) to give effect to acts granting bounty to
sailors for destruction of enemy's property;
■which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
relief of indians.
_ Mr. PACKARD introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 443) for the relief of certain
Indians residing in Michigan and Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
public lands for soldiers.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2655) to amend section twenty-five of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 15, 1870 ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
