THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 97
and second lime, referred to the Committee
of Olaimsj and ordered to be printed.
SOUHBRS' MONUMENT AT WHEEMNG.
Mr.'.DUVAL .introduced a joint resolution
(H. It. No, 448) donating condemned ordnance
for a soldiers' monument at Wheeling, West
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
■ 1.KGISI.A.TIVK ASSEMBLY OP DAKOTA.
Mr. SPINK presented the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, asking that the ninth session of the Legis-
lative Assembly of said Territory be extended
to sixty days ; which was read a first, andsecond
tifne; referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
' PKEBUETION CLAIMANTS.
Mr.'SPINK also presented the memorial of
the'Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory,
asking for the repeal of the law passed July 14,
1870, requiring preemption claimants to make
proof and payment for their lands before the
14th day of July, 1871, or to extend the time
for two years ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ORDKR OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKE U. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolu-
tions to be presented for consideration at the
present dme. The call rests at the State of
Connecticut.
INCOME TAX.
Mr, KBLLOG-G submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to inquire into the expediency of the
immediate repeal of the income tax, and report by
bill to thid House for the repeal of the same.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
OCEAN TELEGRAPH CABLES,
Mr. STARKWEATHER submitted the fol-
- lowing preamble and resolution, upon which
he demanded the previous question:
Whereas several propositions relating to the con-
•truotion ot lines ot oeeaa cables from the.shores of
the United States to tho shores of foreign countries
have been made in both Houses of Congress, and
referred to several and different committees of the
Baine: Therefore,
Jleit rezolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That all bills, resolations, peti-
tions. and papers whatsoever now before Congress
or any committee of cither House, or that may hero-
after be offered relating to the subject, of ocean ca-
bles, be, and are hereby, referred to a joint committee
of five on the part of the Senate and eight on the
part of the House, to be appointed by tho Presiding
Officers of tho two Houses, respectively, with power
to call for persons and papers, and to report at any
time, by bill or othenrise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed_to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD, (some time subsequent.) The
resolution presented awhile ago by the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
was not heard or understood, and I ask that it
bo again road. I did not hear it, and I pro-
pose to move n reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. It was read deliberately.
Mr. WOOD. I claim the right to move a
reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was unusually
deliberate in regard to it for a Monday morn-
ing call. The Chair observed that it, was an
important resolution, and was surprised that
iome gentlemen did not take notice of it.
Mr. WOOD. 1 have taken Aotice of it now,
and desire to move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The vote by which the
resolution was adopted was reconsidered and
laid on the table.
Mr. WOOD. I doubt if five men in the
House understood it.
The SPEAKER. That is not the fault of
the Chair.
Mr. WOOD. It is an attempt to take from
the Committee oil Foreign Affairs a matter
which has been intrusted to that committee,
and which it has reported upon.
The SPEAKER. That is very true, and a
single objectiou on a point of order would have
prevented the resolution from being enter-
tained, because it did what could only be done
under a suspension of the rules or by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BANKS. What is the question before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] desires to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which a resolution was
adopted; but a motion to reconsider that vote
has been already laid on the table. The Clerk
will again read the resolution.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. It will be observed that,
so far as the raising of a select committee is
concerned, that can be done by a simple reso-
lution ; but this resolution goes further, and
takes from the files of the committees, out of
order, certain measures referred to them, and
therefore it would have required a suspension
of the rules or unanimous consent.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. And it authorizes the
joint committee to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was unusually
deliberate for a Monday morning call, because
he saw that the resolution involved so many
points that he presumed some gentleman would
make a point of order on it.
Mr. BANKS. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed.
The SPE AKER. The motion to reconsider
has already been made and laid on the table.
The object of* the gentleman can be reached
after the morning hour by a motion to suspend
the rules or by action in the Senate.
Mr. MYERS. Would it be in order to
rescind the resolution by another resolution
at the proper time ?
^ The SPEAKER. It would. Any resolu-
tion adopted by the House can of course
be rescinded by another resolution of the
House.
NEW YORK AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. KELSEY. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr, Ingersoll,] [intro-
duce, for action at this time, a bill which is sub-
stantially the same as one now on the Speaker's
table, which went there for want of engross-
ment.
The title of the bill was, "A bill to authorize
the building of a military and postal railway
from Washington, District of Columbia, to the
city of New York."
The Clerk began the reading of the bill, but
before concluding,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I rise to a point of
order, which 1 think may prevent the further
reading of this long bill.
^ The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will first ask the Clerk
to read the one hundred and fifteenth rule.
The Clerk read the rule as follows:
" Every bill shall be introduced 011 the report of
a committee or bv motion for leave. In the letter
ease, at least one clay's notice shall be given of the
motion in the House, or by filing a memorandum
thereof with the Clerk and havingit entered oil the
Journal; and the motion shall be made, and the bill
introduced, it leave is given, when resolutions are
called for; such motion* ox the bill when introduced,
may be committed."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the Clerk also to
read from the Digest, under the headingi'bills,"
certain paragraphs I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" 4 Every bill shall be introduced tin the report of
a committee, or by motion for leave, or upon the
report of the Court of Claims/ * * * *
In tho case of a bill on leave, at least one day's
notice shall be given ot the motion in the House, or
by filing a memorandum thereof with the Clerk and
having it entered on the Journal: and the motion
shall be made and the bill introduced, if leave is
given, when resolutions are called for; such motion,
or the bill when introduced, may be committed.'
" 'All the States and Territories shall be called for
bills on leave and resolutions every Monday during
each session of Congress, and, if nccebsary to secure
the object on said days, all resolutions which sbn.ll
give rise to debate shall lieoverfordiecassion, under
thernlesof the House already established, and the
whole of said days shall bo appropriated to bills on
leave and resolutions, untd all the States andTerri-
tories are called through. And the Speaker shall
first call the Slates and Territories for bills onleavc,
and all bills so introduced during the first hour after
the Journal is read shall be roferred, without debate,
to their appropriate committees: Provided, however,
That a bill so introduced and referred shall not be
brouaht back into the House upon amotion to recon-
sider/
"The notice above referred to is rarely given in the
House, (it being in order to give it there only when
resolutions are in order.) but is usually given to tho
Clerk by sending to him a written memorandum in
this form ; ' Mr. gives notice that to-morrow, or
on some Subsequent day. he -will ask leave to intro-
duce a bill [here insert its title.]' If the member
desires his notice to appear in the newspaper report
of tho proceedings of the House he should famish
the reporter of such paperwith a copy of the memo-
randum furnished the Clerk. Having given his
notice. it is then in order, on any subsequent day,
when bills on leave and resolutions are being called
for, and when his particular State is called, to move
for leave to introduce his bill. The practice ofintro-
ducing bills on leave, it may be remarked, however,
does not facilitate business. If. instead of waiting
for an opportanity to introduce his bill on leave, the
member would file his petition, or whatever other
matter he may have in favor of the proposed legisla-
tion, and have it referred to the appropriate com-
mittee, as he may do on any day, under Rule 131,
(^ee Petitions,) he will thus have the subieet before
them, and will getabill reported as speedily as if it
had been originally referred. Besides, the bill thus
reported coracs before the House unincumbered with
amendments, as is not likely to be the case With a bill
previously referred. These suggestions, of eouis^,
do not apply to cases where the immediate navarro
of a bill, without the intervention of a committee, is
I sought for, or where it is desirable to refer it to a
select committee."
Mn ELDRIDGE. The point I desire to
raise is under a portion of the Digest which I
will read—it has already been read by the
Clerk—and the language of which will state
my point as clearly as I can state it in any
other way:
"Having given his notice, it is then in order, on
any subsequent day, when bills on leave and resolu-
tions are being called for, and when his particular
State is called, to move for leave to introduce his
bill."
That is the point which I desire to present
to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The point of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.] as the
Chair understands, is that no leave has been
asked of the House for the introduction of this
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is the point which
I was abont to state.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Journal clerk that notice has been entered
with him by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ijtgeesoll] for the introduction of this bill,
upon which notice the gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Kelsey] introduces it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The State of Illinois has
not been called.
The SPEAKER. That question has been
adjudicated. The personality of the individ-
ual introducing a bill is not a matter of inter-
est to the House. The material points are the
essence of the bill and the fact of the notice,
It has been frequently adjudicated that upon
notice given by one member another member
may introduce a bill. _ But the Chair sustains
the point of order which he understands to be
raised by the gentleman from Wisconsin, that
he has the right to insist that thequestion'shall
be put to the House whether it will grant leave
for the introduction of this bill.
Mr. INGEHSOLL. Is it not rather late to
raise that point?
The SPEAKER. The question is, (and it
