1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
set
is not debatable,) Will the House give leave
for the introduction of this bill at this time?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill, as I under-
stand , has already been introduced. The point
of order is not made early enough. The bill
has been nearly read through.
The SPEAKER. The first reading of a bill
in such a case as this is for the information of
the House, that gentlemen may raise any point
of order to which they may think the bill lia-
ble. It is the right of every member to hear a
proposition read at the Clerk's desk before any
question^ taken upon it. Thegentleman from
Wisconsin is within the rule.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that the House
may be informed of the nature of this bill
before the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order
during the morning hour of Monday.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
further point of order, that we have the right to
have the whole bill read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order ; and the Clerk will continue the
reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before that is done,Iwish
to raise another point of order. I understand
that in fact this is the same bill which is now
on the Speaker's table awaiting such action as
may perfect our former action with regard to it.
I submit whether it is now in order to take the
bill from the Speaker's table in this indirect
manner.
The SPEAKER. This is not the same bill.
General similarity of the provisions does not
make this the same bill. Hence it is not open
to the objection of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood that this was
in substance the same bill.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
and when lie had proceeded sometime,
The SPEAKER said: The morning hour
has expired, and this bill goes over till Monday
next.
message prom the president.
A message in writing, from the President
of the United States, was presented by Mr.
Horace Porter, his Private Secretary.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sosr, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, joint
resolution (H. R. No. 440) to enable Robert
C. Schenck, United States minister to Great
Britain, to employ a private amanuensis.
REPUBLIC OF DOMINICA.
Mr. ORTH. I move to suspend the rules,
in order to take from the Speaker's table and
put upon its passage Senate joint resolution
No. 202, authorizing the appointment of com-
missioners in relation to the republic of Do-
minica. I will st' te that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs have this morning, by a major-
ity vote, assented to this resolution, as passed
by the Senate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman wish
to include in one vote the taking of the bill
from the table, and also its passage?
Mr. ORTH. Yes, sir.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. WOOD. I doubt whether the gentle-
man can make the motion to adopt both prop-
ositions bv one vote.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds of the House
j.n> entirely competent by a suspension of the
rules to adopt the motion.
Mr. WOOD. Then the House might take up
any and every bill and put it on its passage.
The SPEAKER. If two thirds so order.
Mr. WOOD. It seems to me that the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr Ortii] is
clearly out of order. He proposes that we shall
first proceed to business on the Speaker'stable,
mid then that we shall take up his bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana did not make that motion.
Mr. WOOD. I so understood it.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman has moved
that the rules be suspended in order that the
bill may be taken from the Speaker's table
and passed. That is a motion entirely within
the rules.
Mr. Y, OOD. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that
this is a separate and distinct proposition. It
is, first, that we shall go to the business upon
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. He did not so make it,
and it would not be necessary to do so.
Mr. WOOD. It is not competent for the
gentleman from Indiana to combine one prop-
osition with another. •
The SPEAKER._ It is competent to com-
bine as many motions in one as two thirds
of the House may say shall be combined. By
two thirds of the House every bill upon the
Speaker'stable could betaken up and passed
by one vote, it is competent to do that if two
thirds of the House say so.
Mr. NIBLACK. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COX. Let the resolution be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts; I wish
to have the floor for the purpose of presenting
the petition of from thirty to forty firms of
Boston in favor of this annexation.
The resolution from the Senate was read.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana is that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of taking from the
Speaker's table and passing the Senate joint
resolution just read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will thegen-
tleman from Indiana allow me to offer as an
amendment that the representative authorities
of Congress, to wit, the Speaker of the House
and the President of the Senate, shall appoint
these commissioners in lieu of the President
of the United States?
Mr. ORTH. Will my friend vote for the
resolution if that amendment be made?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will vote
for the resolution if it be adopted in tbatform.
Mr. ORTH. I may be able to do so some
time during the session ; but in the motion I
make now I understand I cannot yield for an
amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to further debate.
The SPEAKER. Nothing but parliament-
ary questions are in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let us have the vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana in such a form
that all amendment of the resolution is pre-
cluded ?
The SPEAKER. Amendments cannot be
entertained pending this motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the motion
to pass as well as to take up ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will not press it in that shape.
Mr. COX. Can I amend the title of the res-
olution so as to state it is to further private
speculations ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. ORTH. At the suggestion of some
friends I will modify my motion so as only to
take the resolution up for consideration now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and Mr. ALLI-
SON. That is right.
The SPEAKER. That will bring the reso-
lution before the House.
Mr. HOLM AN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—-yeas 121, nays 02, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arncll, Asp or,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks. Beaman. Benjamin,
Bennett, Bingham, Bowcn, George M. Brooks. Buck,
Bullinton, Burohard, Buniott. Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Churchill. Willmm 'f. CTark, j
AmasaCobb, Clinton L.Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, i
Cowles, Dawes, Degensr, Dickey, Nathan 3F-. J>ixoni
Donley, Duval, Ela, I?erriss, Fisher, GavSetd..(Jilfil-?
Ian, Hale, Hamilton, Harris. Hawking, Hawley, Hay,
Heflin. Hill, Hoge.Hooper. Ingersolt, Jehei'es, 'Alex-
ander H. Jones, Judd. Julian, Kell0y,K«liog£, ISei-
sey.Ketchara,Knap_p, Laflin, LawreneeiTjouSMage,
Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, JlcCrary, Kc6rew,Wcr
Kenzie, Mereur, Jesse H. Mqore, Willlam'M'oore;
Morphia, Daniel J. Morrelt, Myers, Nogley.O'Neill,
Oi-th, Packard, JPalmer, Peek, Peree, Phelpe.Plntt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Sargent.,
Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Ports?
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Slaitit, Stark-
weather. Stevens, Stevenson, Stoke?, Stoughtoli,
Strong,Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Towns.end. Iwich-
ell, iyner, Up3on, Van Horn,'van Wyek, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker', Wheeler. Whit-
more, Williams, John T.Wilson, Wjoans, Wjtclier,
and Wolf—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Ambler. Archer, Axtcll,
Barnum. Beatty. Beek. Biggs, Bird, Booker. Boyd,
James Brooks, Burr, Conner, Cox, Creb?, Dickin-
son, Dox. Duke, Eldridge, Uinkelnnnre. jox, Getz,
Gibson, Griswold, Haight. Haldeman, Hamill, Hoar,
Holman, Johnson, Kerr,Lewis,Manning,Marshall,
May ham, MeConniek, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungon,
Niblaek, Peters, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Rogers,Schu-
maker, Sherrod, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith. Stone,
Swann, Sweeney, Trirnbl e, Van Auken .Van Trump,
Voorhecs, Wells, Willard. Eugene M.Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—62.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Barry, Benton,
Blair, Boles, Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland. Covodo.Cullom, Darrall, Joseph
Dixon, Doekery, Dyer, Jfarnsworth, Ferry, Fitch,
Ilambieto'n, Hays, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Thomas "L.
""Jones, Knott, Lash, Logan, McKee, McNeely.
Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, New&liam. Packer,Paine, Randall, Roots, San-
ford, Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Sfcrader,
Strickland, Sypher, Taffe, Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilkinson, and Woodward—51.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to state that in
all votes upon this question I am paired with
Mr. Hambletojj, of Maryland. If he had been
present he would have voted ''no," and I
would have voted " ay."
Mr. GETZ. My colleague, Mr. Rakdai.i.,
is detained by the illness of on  of his children.
If he were here he would vote " no."
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague, Mr. Me-
Neely, is absent, and is paired with Mr. Mor-
rill, of Maine.
Mr. PACKER. I am paired with my col-
league, Mr. Stiles. If he were here he would
vote " no," and I would vote " ay."-
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. ORTH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to report back the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 413) offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
authorizing the appointment of commissioners
in relation to the republic of Dominica. The
House will recollect that the gentleman from
Massachusetts 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Irise to apointof order.
Has the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Obth]
a right to report?
The SPEAKER. On what point does the
gentleman from Wisconsin make opposition
thereto ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman's com-
mittee has not been called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. ELDltlDGEj
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs ob-
tained the right to report at any time after five
days' notice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that that
notice has not been given.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not cor-
rectly informed. Notice was given by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bakes.] the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
on Wednesday last, that the joint resolution
would be reported to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As I understand, the gen-
tleman did not give the notice five days mho;
and if he did he was not authorized to do to
by his committee, and did not assume to give
it as a notice from the committee.
The SPEAKER. Is the gentleman- from
Wisconsin a member of the committee?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. lam not.
The SPEAKER. . Then the gentleman has
