1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
120T
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nowl move to strike out
the words " and directed," in line nine, and to
insert the words " to advertise for proposals
and," so that it will read, " that the Post-
master General be, and is hereby, authorized
to advertise for proposals and to contract with
such American citizens" as will do it as pro-
vided in the amendment of my friend from
Alabama.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest to the Senator
that he leave in the words "and directed."
What objection is there to those words?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a very serious
objection. The Postmaster General ought not
to be obliged to contract with the lowest bidder
or with anybody else by an absolute obligation
of law, because in that way, as experience has
shown, he is exposed to combinations and to
frauds that are perfectly frightful. You ought
not to tie up the head of an executive Depart-
ment of the Government and oblige him to
contract with anybody; and I will say to my
friend from Alabama that the precedent is
not to be found in legislation for such a per-
formance.
Mr. WARNER. If the Senator will allow
me to state my point, what I desire is that the
Postmaster General shall be directed to adver-
tise, leaving the contract, if you please, discre-
tionary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, that is very well.
Mr. WARNER. Let us see upon what price
and upon what terms American citizens will
do this service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yery well; that will be
an amendment to be made afterward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont modifies his amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President; the
amendment I now offer does not need any modi-
fication. Itauthorizesthe Postmaster General
to advertise for proposals, striking out the
words '' and directed "in that connection, and
to contract. But to accommodate my friend
from Alabama I will change my amendment,
so as to make the section read:
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
directed to advertise forproposals, and is authorized
to contract.
I have no objection to that. It is better, I
confcss
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Vermont, as now modified by him.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. In section one, line
seventeen, after the word " of" I move to in-
sert the words "Galveston, Texas;" so that
the eiause will read:
One steamer shall leave the port of New Orleans
each month, touching at the ports of Galveston,
Texas, Tampico, Vera Cruz, &c.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have no objection to
that amendment. I want to meet the wishes
of all our friends so far as I can. My object
is to get the bill through.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. In line twenty-two of
the same section, after the word "thence," I
move to insert the words " by the way of Gal-
veston ;" so that the clause will read :
One other steamer shall leave the port of New
Orleans each month, touching at Havana, feisal,
Caiapeaehy, Laguna, Tabasco. Coa-taacoalco, v era
Cruz, Tampico, and thence by the way of Galreston
to New Orleans.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to carry out
what we have already voted in amending this
bill a little farther amendment of phraseology
is necessary. In section two, lilt© one, at the
bottom of pa;e 3, the words "the said"—I
do not know but that they are oat already—
should be stricken out; and then, when you
come to line five ou page 4, I move to insert,
after the word "to," the words "the contract-
ors shall;" so as to read:
That, for the performance of the service herein
referred to, the contractors shall construct within
eighteen calendar months. See.
As it now stands, it does not make sense.
This is a mere phraseological amendment, to
conform to the striking out of the names, which
I presume nobody will object to.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator if the
names in that section have been stricken out
by a vote of the Seuate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have been stricken
out, so that it will read, the names having
been stricken out, "that, for the performance
of the service herein referred to, the contract-
ors "—that is, the American citizens who shall
bid the lowest and get the contract—"shall
construct within eighteen calendar months,"
&c. That is merely to make sense with what
the Senate has already done.
Mr. WARNER. One question further. This
section provides what they shall receive for
the performance of the service, and I suggest
whether it ought not to read:
And be it further enacted, That the said parties
with whom the Postmaster General may contract
shall, for the performance of the serviee herein
referred to, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely the
same thing, only in other language. Accord-
ing to my amendment it will read "that, for
the performance of the service herein referred
to, the contractors shall construct;" that is,
the people who, after advertisement and pro-
posal, enter into this contract, which makes it
perfectly harmonious.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, in line twenty-
three of the same section, merely to conform
the phraseology to what we have already de-
cided, the words "within-named parties to this
bill," which are very extraordinary words—it is
probably a blunder of some clerk in writing the
bill—should be stricken out and the word "con-
tractors" inserted ; so that the clause will read,
"one to be selected by the Secretary of the
Navy, one to be selected by the contractors,
and a third to be selected by the two former,''
instead of using the words " within-named par-
ties to this bill," which are almost nonsense
as they stand.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one other amend-
ment necessary in the same way, and that is in
line seven of section three, on page o. The
words "within contract parties," which are
here also very extraordinary words, should
be stricken out, and the word "contractors"
inserted; so that the clause will read :
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized to pay to the contractors, &e.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
on page 4, section two, line twelve, by insert-
ing before the word* "inspection " the words
" the approval and acceptance or rejection
of the Postmaster General after an ; " so that
the clause will read :
And shall be subject to the approval and accept-
ance or rejection of the Postmaster General, alter
an inspection and survey by a naval constructor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right. There can
be no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move further to amend,
in line nineteen of the same section, by striking
out the word "investment" and inserting the
words "ascertained value."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I move to amend section
four, line two, by striking out the word " of,"
after the word "period," and inserting the
words " not exceeding ;" so that the section
will read, " that the said contract shall be for a
period not exceeding ten years;" leaving it
to the Postmaster General to determine, upon
consultation with the gentlemen in interest, how
long this contract shall positively run.
The amendment to the amendment was;
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend section
four by striking out lines six and seven after
the word "years," in the sixth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All that
clause has been stricken out from the words,
" per annum " in line four.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; then it is right.
Are the words in print "to be paid ont of any-
money appropriated for the service of the Post
Office Department" now out of the"bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are-
out of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the second
section by inserting at the end thereof the words,
"the price so paid in no case to exceed the*
original cost of such vessel."
Mr. KELLOGG. That is right; I have no
objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I desireto move an amend-
ment in the fourth section, second line. The
words "ten years" 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That clause
has been modified so as to read, "not exceed-
ing ten years."
Mr. VICKERS. I thought that amendment
was to a previous section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section,
will be read as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk. The section now reads:
That the said contract shall be for a period not
exceeding ten years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
as amended.
The amendment, as amended, wasagreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to reserve
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] for a separate vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot reserve it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
in Committee of the Whole, with the exception
of the amendment reserved by the Senator
from Alabama.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee have made
only one amendment, as it was an amendment
to the bill that we have been considering all
the time. We have agreed, therefore, in com-
mittee to one single amendment. Hence, my
friend from Alabama, if he wishes to effect-
uate his object, must now move, when the
question is before the Senate on agreeing to
one single amendment agreed to in Committee
of the Whole, to amend that amendment by
striking out the words he does not wish to
have retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont is right.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to have a vote ou
the amendment of the Senalorfrom Delaware,
providing that in case the Government shall
take these vessels it shall in no case pay more
than their original cobt. I submit that that
may operate very unfairly. The Government
is likely only to take these vessels in time of
war. and that very war may increase the value
of the vessels fifty, or perhaps one hundred
per cent. If the Government should take them,
the parties owning them will not be able to
replace them for twice the amount of their
original cost.
Mr. POMEROY. That very taking by the
Government may save those vessels from fall-
ing into the hands of a foreign enemy. I think
if they s?et the originat cost they are well off.
