i$08
COK£MSSIO^AL.: i&LOBE.
February 14,
Mr. KELLOGG. I feel 111e force of the
point made by the Senator frpiii itiahama, but
1 trust that he will'riotJnS&t tfpbu it at this
stage. . - , , ', ' ',,
Mr._WARNES~. Vfe'ry v^ell, then; I will not
press it,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ques-
tion then recurs on concurring in. th,e amend-
ment made as in Committee of tlie Whole;
The amendment was coriciirrediri.. *
The bill was ordered to be,,engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
hope this bill will not pass. It is a bill which
requires payment of money from the Treasury
of the United States to a new body of men, if
you please, the only influence of which can be
to impair and break down our present com-
merce. If the bill is to pass its title ought to
be amended to conform to the real meaning
of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 21; as follows :
YEA?—Messrs. Boreman, BrownTow, Cole, Cor-
bett, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Harris, Hill, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye,
O.-born, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels, Riee. Robertson,
Ross. Sawyer. Spencer, Stewart, Warner, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—29.
NA Y6—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Conklmg, llavis,
Edmunds, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Howell,
Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Sprague,
Stearns, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Viek-
ers—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Casserly, Cattell,
Chandler, Cragin, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Howe,
Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pat-
terson, Pool, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott. Sherman,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, and Willey—23.
So the bill passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 2536) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 3(^ 18V2.
The message also announced that the House
non concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (II. R. No. 1227) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river, requested a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed M*. Frank W. Palmer of Iowa,
Mr. John A. Logan of Illinois, and Mr.
John Taffe of Nebraska, as the conferees
on the part of the House.
order of business.
Mr. COLE. I now move to postpone the
pending order, if there be a pending order,
and proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 2524.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The order now
is reports fiotn the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I hope there will be
no interference with that order ; that that com-
mittee will have the rest of this afternoon. We
can dispose of the urgent business reported
from that committee this afternoon, and it
will no longer be in the way of my friend from
California when he presses the appropriation
bill to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the other subsidy
bills will be allowed to come up now. I think
tiat was the general understanding.
llr. SUMNER. Ob, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I ask for a vote on my motion.
I want to know what the Senate intends to do.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the bill that the
Senator from California desires to take up?
Mr. COLE. The general appropriation bill,
which lias been partly considered, and which
can be disposed of this afternoon.
'I'lie VICE PRESIDENT. By an prder of
the Senate to day was assigned, after one
p?clbcttj to the consideration of reports from
the Comiiiittee on Foreign Relations. That
is now the order of the Senate, the unfinished
business having been disposed of; and the Sen-
ator from California moves that the* present
order be postponed for the purppse. of con-
sidering the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I must .plead with theSe.n-
ate that they will not, postpone th.e existing
order; that they will allow the Committee on
Foreign Relations at least the remainder of
this afternoon., I .tKink during that time we
can make such ah impression on the bills
reported by that committee that I shall not
feel it my duty to trouble the Senate again
during the rest of the session. I ask my
friend from California, and I appeal to the
Senate, to allow the committee to proceed
according to the assignment for to-day.
Mr. COLE. Every committee and all the
rest of the Senate have special orders except
the Committee on Appropriations; and every-
body else is likely to use up the time of the
Senate except that committee. I desire a vote
of the Senate upon the question whether they
will take up the appropriation bill or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
The question being put, there were on a
division—aves 15, noes 35.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no ; I hope not. That
only takes time.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Pratt, Sawyer, Sherman. Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
Williams—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
Ioyy, Buckingham, Cameron. Davis, Fenton, Flan-
agan, Fowler, Gilbert. Harlan, Harris, Hill, Howard,
Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Ramsey,
Revels, 'Rice, Robertson, Sehurz, Seott. Spencer,
Stearns, Sumner, Tipton, Vickers, and Wilson—31
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Blair, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cattell. Chandler. Corbett, Cragin,
Ferry, Hamilton of Texas. Howe, Lewis, McCreery,
Morrtll of Maine, Morton, Patter&on, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ross, Saulsbury, Thayer, Thurman, and Yates—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I now move that at half past
four o'clock the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock this evening, for the
purpose of proceeding with the appropriation
bill at the evening session.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at half past four
o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from California not to make that motion. We
have now decided to meet at eleven o'clock,
and the Senate has determined that it will give
this day to the Senator from Massachusetts.
The responsibility is with the Senate, and not
with my friend from California or the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. Therefore I sug-
gest to him to withdraw his motion and try it
to-morrow morning. Until the appropriation
bills are passed the money will stay in the
Treasury, and we can stand it as long as the
country can.
Mr. COLE. The order in relation to the
hour of meeting, to which my friend from Ver-
mont has referred, only takes effect next Mon-
day, and it is now Tuesday of the preceding
week.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would not make the
motion until to-morrow if I were you.
Mr. COLE. I think I shall make a motion
for an evening session. We get along very
well with I he appropriation bills in the evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This order in
relation to reports from the Committee on For-
eign Relatious would continue both in the day
and evening unless postponed by a vote of the
Senate. It would last until the final adjourn- |j
ment to-day. Does the Senator from Califor-
nia insist upon the motion, or withdraw it?
Mr. COLE. My motion was that we have
a recess until half past seven o'clock, for the
purpose of meeting in the evening to consider
the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would require
unanimous consent for any other order con-
trary to the order already made nnless it
should be postponed by a vole of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. If we should take a recess
at half past four o'clock it would reduce me
to very narrow limits.
Mr. COLE. Then I will say from five
o'clock.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw this motion. I do
not see any necessity for a session this even-
ing. There is no danger of the appropriation
bills. They are bound to pass at any rate.
The country will certainly lose nothing by this
delay of the appropriation bills. There is
danger, however, of every other bill and of
every other committee that has business to
do that they will have to submit to the dicta-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations and
be controlled by them. If it is possible to
give an hour and a half or two hours to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, let us have
it this evening. I shall support the Senator
from California to-morrow morning in amotion
to take up the appropriation bills and go on
with them regularly. He will then have the
day before him; but inasmuch as this day has
been appropriated for a particular purpose, I
think we ought righteously to carry out. that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to make a sug-
gestion, and I shall detain the Senate but a
moment. The Senator from Tennessee says
the appropriation bills are bound to pass. So
they are ; but it is very important that they
should not pass until they are properly and
carefully considered ; and the question for us
is what arrangement we shall make for that.
Now, the Senator from California occupies a
very unenviable position. He does not dis-
charge his duty, and he will fail at the end of
this session to discharge this duty unless he
interposes motions aud objections which it is
very disagreeable for him to make. There-
fore I think he is entitled to the cooperation
of all the members of this body in the dis-
charge of the arduous and difficult duty which
rests upon him. To consider his bills in
time, and to consider them properly, his only
thorough course would have been days ago to
object to any assignment of any time for any
business whatever.
Mr. WILSON. The assignments have been
made.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware that they
have been made, and therefore he has that
added circumstance of inconvenience.
Mr. COLE. Some of them were made weeks
ago.
Mr. CONKLING. So they were. I rose
merely to say (and I do not intend to ask
the Senate to listen to another suggestion from
me on the subject) that I think we ought to
conspire as far as we can to give the Senator
from California that opportunity which, unle-s
he has it soon, will lead either to the failure
of the appropriation bills or to their going
through, if I may so say, at the end of the
session "all in a heap," nobody having an
opportunity to bestow upon thein that atten-
tion which they deserve. Therefore, although
I am very glad that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts should have this day if it, concerns the
convenience of his committee that he should
have it, and very glad that every other com-
mittee shall have its convenience promoted
as far as possible, it seems to me that we shall
be compelled pretty soon to take kindly from
the Senator from California sit objection to
