1820
THE CON(JRESSIOKAL (jLOBE.
March 1,
Arkansas and the Senator from New York, to
the effect of it. My amendment is as follows:
Bat service in the United States Army during the
late rebellion as a com missioned officer or enlisted
soldier shall be held toJpe conclusive evidence of loy-
alty, unless some act ordisloyalty shall be proven to
have been committed after such service.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest that this would read better as a pro-
viso to eome in at the end of the section ; and
it will be so reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to add
the following proviso to the section :
Provided, That service in the United States Army
during the late rebellion as a commissioned officer
or enlisted soldier shall be held to be conclusive evi-
dence of loyalty unless some act of disloyalty shall
be proven to have been committed after such service.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest the words ''prima
facie" instead of "conclusive."
Mr. WARNER. I accept that modification.
Mr. FOWLER. I suggest that the benefits
of this provision shall also extend to the State
of !P6Dtl6SS66
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
could be offered afterward if this should be
agreed to. The Senator from Alabama has a
right to accept it.
Mr. WARNER. I accept the words "prima
facie" instead of "conclusive."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama modifies his amendment by inserting
the words "prima facie" instead of "conclu-
sive," in regard to the service of persons in
the Army being "prima facie widence" and
not "conclusive evidence," as first proposed.
Mr. FOWLER. I also suggest this amend-
ment to that amendment, which I hope will be
received, that the benefits of this provision
shall also extend to citizens of Tennessee.
Mr. WARNER. I do not precisely under-
stand the effect of that.
Mr. ABBOTT. It does extend to the State
of Tennessee already.
Mr. FOWLER. Oh, no.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry, to ask the Chair what bill it
is that is before the Senate and under consid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Army appro-
priation bill; and the question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Alabama, modified
as he has stated, to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Arkansas. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I now move to amend the
amendment by adding the following to the
proviso just adopted:
Provided aUo, That the benefit of this proviso
shall bo extended to the citizens of the Stato of
Tennessee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment. The
effect of it is to extend to Tennessee the pro-
viso as to military service being prima facie
evidence of loyalty.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. McDONALD. I hope the friends of
this measure will not offer any more amend-
ments.
Several Senators. That is debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is ob-
jected to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in after the amendment of the
Senator from New York, or, if that be not
practicable, as close to it as possible. I ask
first that the amendment of the Senator from
New York be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps the
whole amendment had better be read as it
stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—. That the provisions of the Act of July 4,
1864. entitled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims," &c., are hereby extended to
the loyal citizens, who remained loyal during the
late war, and who in no way voluntarily gave aid
or comfort to the rebellion, of Arkansas, Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, South Carolina,
North Carolina, Georgia, Texas, and Virginia, and
such parts of said act as make a discrimination be-
tween loyal claimants because ofresidence arehere-
by repealed: Provided, That service in the United
States Army during the late rebellion as a commis-
sioned officer or enlisted soldier shall be held to be
prima facie evidence of loyalty, unless some aet of
disloyalty shall be proved to have been committed
after such service : And provided further. That the
benefits of this proviso shall be extended to the citi-
zens of the State of Tennessee.
Mr. CASSERLY. There was an amend-
ment of the Senator from New York which
had reference to those who had not voluntarily
aided the rebellion, which I understood would
come in previous to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Alabama.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report that part covered by the proposi-
tion of the Senator from New York, the amend-
ment agreed to on his motion.
The Chief Clerk. The clause reads,
"hereby extended to the loyal citizens who
remained loyal during the late war' and then
follows the amendment of the Senator from
New York: "and who, in no way, voluntarily
gave aid or comfort to the rebellion."
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, I wish to add
directly after those words this provision :
But no aid or comfort shall be deemed to have
been voluntarily given which was given under mili-
tary or civil coercion, or under or by reason of supe-
rior force or any duress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from California, as he
did to the Senator from Alabama, that the
better way would be to offer this as an addi-
tional proviso. Qualifying the sentence in the
part proposed would make the sentence very
long and somewhat involve the sense.
Mr. CASSERLY. I prefer it the way I pro-
posed, but I will adopt the suggestion of the
Chair, and I offer it in this shape:
Provided fur(ker,„Thtii no aid or comfort shall be
deemed to have been voluntarily given which was
given under military or civil coercion, or under or
by reason of superior force or any duress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on this amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to correct the
phraseology of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Alabama, by striking out the
word "unless" and all that follows it in his
amendment.
Mr. WARNER. Changing the word w con-
clusive" to "prima facie" makes that neces-
sary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being a
mere verbal change will be regarded as agreed
to unless there be objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before I consent I should
like to know what change that would make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Alabama reads:
Provided, That service in the United States Army
during the late rebellion as a commissioned officer
or enlisted soldier shall be held to be prima facie
evidence of loyalty, unless some act of disloyalty
shall bo proved to have been committed after such
service. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the way I want
it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Indiana suggests that the words " unless some
act of disloyalty shall be proved to have been
committed after such service " be stricken out.
Those words having been inserted by a direct
vote of the Senate cannot now be stricken out
except by unanimous consent or by striking
out other words with them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want those words to
remain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will re-
main. The question now is on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senatar from Arkansas as
amended.
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is taken I pro-
pose another amendment, which I send to the
Chair.
Mr. McDONALD. If the friends of this
measure will not cease to offer their amend-
ments, I shall withdraw the whole measure.
Mr. HILL. My amendments are not cap-
tious at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Georgia will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Senator from Georgia is to add to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas the fol-
lowing:
And provided further, That valuable aid or assist-
ance voluntarily rendered any of the armies of the
United States, without reward or the promise of
benefit, shall be evidence of loyalty, unless rebutted
by proof of subsequent acts of disloyalty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on this amendment of the Senator from
Georgia to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to ask a ques-
tion for information. Is the bill still in com-
mittee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; it is
in the Senate, and has been for some length
of time. Has the Senator another amendment
to offer ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have. I shall offer it
presently.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask to have the amend-
ment read as it now stands, it has been so
much changed.
The amendment, as amended, was read, as
follows:
That the provisions of the act of July 4,1864, enti-
tled "An act to limit the j urisdiction of the Court
of Claims," &o., are hereby extended to the loyal
citizens who remained loyal during the late war. and
who in no way gave aid or comfort to the rebellion,
of Arkansas. Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia,
Texas, and Virginia; and such parts of said act as
make a discrimination between loyal claimants be-
cause of residence are hereby repealed: Provided,
That service in the United States Army during the
late(rebellion, as a commissioned officer or enlisted
soldier, shall be held to be prima facie evidence of
loyalty, unless some actof disloyalty shall be proven
to havebeen committed after such service: A nd pro-
vided further. That the benefits of this proviso shall
be extended to the citizens of the State of Tennessee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer a further amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided further. That all persons who have re-
ceived a pardon or whose disabilities- have been or
shall be removed snail be held to be loyal persons
within the meaning of this section.
On this I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 11, nays 48 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayar.d, Blair, ■Casserly, I>avis,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, MeCreery, Miller,
Saulsbury, Stockton, and Viekers—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris,
Hill, Howard, Howe, Howell, Lewis, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nye. Osborn, Pome-
roy, Pratt. Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart, TiptoD,
Trumbull. Warner, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Ferry, Harlan, Kellegg, Morrill of MaiDe, Patter-
son, Pool, Sawyer, cichurz, Sprague, Sumner,
lbayer, and Thurman—15.
_So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
