382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
no right to speak of what took place in the
committee.
Mr. WOOD. I riae to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. WOOD. The recollection of the Chair,
I think, will bear me out, when I refer to the
circumstances under which the privilege of
reporting after five days' notice was given
to the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. That gentleman presented to the
House a series of resolutions proposing to ap-
point a commission to annex Dominica. He
made an effort to get those resolutions passed
upon by the House. Finally the House con-
sented to their reference to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, with an understanding that
that committee should have the privilege of
reporting, on giving five days' notice to the
House. One day last week, in the absence of
any action on the part of that committee on
the subject at all, in any form, and when the
committee had never entertained the prop-
osition during this session of Congress, the
chairman of the committee rose in his place
and individually and personally gave notice—
on his own responsibility and motion, without
any authority on the part of the committee, he
gave what the Chair now construes to be a
notice. My point of order is that that notice
has not been given, as understood by the House
at the time the privilege was given to the
committee.
The 'SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York make this statement by authority of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. WOOD. I make it on my own author-
ity, as a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The chairman will not deny my state-
ment that the subject was never before the com-
mittee at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York cannot make the point of order he has
raised, unless he speaks by the authority of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WOOD. I call upon the chairman of
the committee to dispute any allegation which
I have made.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs has taken no action on the question on
which the point of order has been raised. I
will state what are the facts. I introduced a
resolution on this subject which was objected
to. The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs with liberty to re-
port at any time, on condition that I should
give five days' notice before the resolution was
reported. The notice did not require the con-
sent of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
What is required of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs is the approval of any measure which
is repotted.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Woon] in his seat on Wednes-
day last when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] gave the notice ?
Mr. WOOD. I was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair then will state
to the gentleman that that was the time to have
objected to the way in which the notice was
given. It is too late for him now to object.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. ORTH. I am instructed by the majority
of the committee 
Mr. WOOD. I rise to another point of
order; and it is that the five days' notice has
not expired. Sunday has intervened, which
is not a legal day, and cannot be recognized
in counting the time.
The SPEAKER. Five days' notice, unless it
is expressly stated to be five legislative days, is
always taken to mean five calendar days, and
the Chair begs the gentleman from New York
to observe that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bakes] stated, in giving the notice,
that he would call up the subject on Monday
next. If the gentleman from New York de-
sired to make this point then was the time to
make it; but the notice was accepted by the
gentleman from New York and the House, and
the gentleman must obviously see that it is too
late to make his point.
Mr. WOOD. I respectfully submit that no
notice of the gentleman could evade the legal
difficulty in the way as to the point of time.
Mr. BANKS. The House will allow me
to say that I gave notice that I would call up
the subject on Monday, because there were
five days intervening. Sunday is a day which
Congress does sometimes occupy with its ses-
sions.
The SPEAKER. Five days are alwavsheld
to be five consecutive days on the Calendar,
unless it is expressly stated that they shall be
five legislative days.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The only interest I
feel in this matter is, that we may have a cor-
rect ruling as a precedent on this subject with
regard to the number of days. The House
frequently"adjourns from Thursday until Mon-
day, because we do not count Sunday, and the
Constitution provides that neither House shall
adjourn for more than three days without the
consent of the other.
The SPEAKER. That has obvious refer-
ence to legislative business, and only includes
legislative days; but a notice does not come
under the same rule. The gentleman from
Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, if I can have
the attention of the House now, without fur-
ther points of order, I desire to state that the
Committee on Foreign Affairs have had under
consideration the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and,
by a majority vote, have instructed me to
report the same to the House, with a sub-
stitute, and to recommend the adoption of
that substitute and the passage of the resolu-
tion as amended. That substitute is, in hcec
verba, in the language of the resolution now
upon the Speaker's table, which has been
passed by the Senate.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
understand that the gentleman now reports
from his committee a substitute for the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. ORTH. I report the original resolution
•with a substitute recommended by the com-
mittee.
Mr. COX. I raise the point of order that
under the notice the gentleman cannot report
a substitute for the resolution of which notice
was given by the gentleman from Massachu-
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule
the point of order; and even if the Chair
sustained it, the gentleman from New York
would gain nothing by it, because tbe gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] in his indi-
vidual capacity, could move the substitute.
Mr. COX. But he has not moved it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. COX. I make another point of order.
The substitute reported is a resolution which
the House has already refused to consider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
point of order. The House has not refused to
consider the resolution, but only to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that, on the statement of my colleague, [Mr.
Orth,] the substitute is the same as a resolu-
tion now on the Speaker's table, and a reso-
lution upon the Speaker's table could not be
offered as a substitute for a pending resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman has confused
the rule governing this subject with that which
prevents the House from considering a bill
which, in hcec verba, has been referred to a
committee; but bills and resolutions from the
Senate on the Speaker's table are not included
in that rule, and therefore the Chair overrules
that point of order.
The substitute was then read, as follows:
That the PresidentoftheUnited States be author-
ized to appoint three commissioners, and also a sec-
retary, the latter to be versed in the English and
Spanish languages, to procoed to the island of San
Domingo and to such other places, if any. as such
commissioners may deem necessary, and there to
inquire into, ascertain, and report the political state
and condition of the republic of Dominica, the prob-
able number of inhabitants, and the defcire und dis-
position of the people of the said republic to become
annexed to and to form part of the people of the
United States; the physical, mental, and moral con-
dition of thesaid people, and their general condition
as to material wealth and industrial capacity ; the
resources of the country; its mineral and agricultu-
ral products; the products of its waters and forests;
the general character of the soil; tbe extent ami
proportion thereof capable of cultivation; the cli-
mate and health of the country; its bays, harbors, and
rivers; its general meteorological character, and the
existence and frequency of remarkable meteoro-
logical phenomena; the debt of the Government
and its obligations, whether funded and ascertained,
and admitted, or unadjusted and under discussion;
treaties or engagements with other Powers; extent
of boundaries and territory; what proportion is
covered by foreign claimants or by grants or con-
cessions; and generally what concessions or fran-
chises have been granted, with the names of the
respective grantees; the terms and conditions on
which the Dominican Government may desire to be
annexed to and become part of the United States as
one of the Territories thereof: such other informa-
tion with respect to the said Government or its ter-
ritories as to the said commissioners shall seem
desirable or important with reference to the future
incorporation of the said Dominican republic into
the United States as one of its Territories.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That the said
commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may
be, report to the President of the United States, who
shall lay their report before Congress.
Sec. 3. A ad he it further resolved. That the saiil
commissioners shall serve without compensation
except the payment of expenses: and the com-
pensation of the secretary shall be determined by
the Secretary of State, with the approval of the
President.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. WOOD. On behalf of the minority of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I desire to
propose some amendments, to which I hope
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] will
consent.
Mr. ORTH. Before yielding to any person
I desire to say that it was my purpose, when
instructed this morning by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to report this substitute to the
House, to yield to no one to offer amendments;
and since the adjournment of the committee
I have become fully satisfied, if I had any
doubt before about the wisdom of that course,
because there is hardly a member of the minor-
ity of this House but what has some amend-
ment to offer. I am compelled, however, in
deference to the members of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, to make one exception to
that. Since the adjournment of the commit-
tee I have been requested by members of the
committee to yield to my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ambler,] to offer an amendment. When
that has been offered I shall then call the pre-
vious question on the resolution and pending
amendments.
Mr. WOOD. I think the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] does not treat the minor-
ity of that committee with the respect to which
they are entitled. I do not desire to state what
occurred in the committee-room to-day ; but
it certainly was understood there that I was to
have the privilege of offering in the House the
amendments which I had the honor to present
in committee.
Mr. ORTH. I am perfectly willing that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Woon] should
state what took place in the committee-room.
The gentleman there asked permission to offer
his amendments in the House, and I objected
to it emphatically.
Mr. WOOD. I would only say that if the
gentleman is right in his present statement it
is not consistent with his usual courtesy, both
in the committee and in the House. I under-
stood I was to be allowed that privilege.
Mr. ORTH. Upon the question of courtesy
I have only to say that I always like to mete
out the measure I receive. I now yield to the
