1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
Senator from Arkansas as amended, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 desire to state that on
this question I am paired with the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Tiiuhmak.] If he were pres-
ent he would vote for the amendment, and I
should vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Corbett. Davis. Fenton, Flanagan, Fow-
ler, Harris, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
McDonald, Miiier. Morton, Pratt, Revels, Rico,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer,
Stockton, Tipton, Vie iters, Warner, and Willey—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole,Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Hamil-
ton of Texas, llamlin. Howard, Howell, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy. Sherman, Stearns,
Stewart, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—22.
ABSBN"T—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Casseriy,
Cattell, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland. Har-
lan, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pool,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, S Prague, Sumner, Thayer, Thur-
maii, and Williams—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I hope we can now have a vote
on the bill without any further amendments.
We have occupied a much longer time on this
bill than was expected. We have wasted much
time by the moving and consideration of extra-
neous measures on it; and unless we can have
the vote on the bill without further discussion,
we may just as well give up the expectation of
putting through the appropriation bills that
are behind this at this session, and there are
some very important appropriation bills behind.
There has been an abundance of opportunity
to move amendments on this bill; and now I
appeal to Senators, if they have no desire that
the business of the session so far as it regards
the appropriation bills shall go over, to refrain
from offering any amendments, and pass the
bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer an amendment to the
bill.
Mr. COLE. I am yet on the floor.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to be interrupted.
Mr. COLE. I shall consume no time; but
inasmuch as this is an appropriation bill, and
there ought to be nothing else in it, and there
is as yet even little else in it, I give notice that
I shall feel it my duty to move to lay on the
table any amendment that may be moved that
is not in the strict line of appropriation.
Mr. BLAIR. I think I have the floor on
my own amendment.
Mr. COLE. Not until I get through.
Mr. BLAIR. I will wait until the Senator
gets through then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor for general
debate on the bill or to move an amendment;
but.when he resumes his seat any other Sen-
ator who may get thefloor will be entitled to it.
Mr. COLE. As actin'g chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations I have warned
the Senate of the limited amount of time we
have for the disposition of these bills and of
the necessity of keeping them clear of extra-
neous matter.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator is through I
wish to make an amendment.
Mr. COLE. While I am on the floor I think
I had better submit the report of the confer-
ence committee on the Indian appropriation
bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be received at this time that action may be had
and the bill placed in the hands of the enroll-
ing clerks.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I submit the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the Indian appropria-
tion bill.
The report was read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tlie two Houses on the amendments to the
bilKH. R. No. 2615) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending .Tuns 30
1872, and for other purposes, having met. after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 31, 4, S, 6, t, 18,1£, 23, 25,26,49,56,62, and
03.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate, numbered 1, 2, 8,9.10,11,12,13,14,15,18,17,20,
21, 22, 24, 27. 2S, 29. 30, 33; 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41,
42, 43, 44, 45. 46, 47, 48, 49. 50. 51, 53, 54, 56. 59, 61, 64.
65, 66,67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, and 74, and agree to
the same.
Thatthe House of Representatives reoede fron*
their disagreement to the thirty-second amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendments:
In line three of said amendment strike out the
words "twenty-five" and insert in lieu thereof the
word "fifty;" and at tlieend efsaid amendment-add
the following:
Provided That the laws of the United States re-
lating to the town sites be extended over all the
lnnds obtained of the Osage Indians in the State of
Kansas.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fifty-second amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with, the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment after the word
41 provided " and insert in lieu the following words:
That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe within
the territory of the United States shall be acknowl-
edged or recognized as an independentnatioa, tribe,
or pewer with whom the United States may contract
by treaty: Provided further, That nothing herein
containedshallbe construed to invalidate or impair
the obligation of any treaty heretofore lawfully made
and ratified with any such Indian nation or tribe.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their fifty-fifth amend-
ment, and agree to the following in lieu of tho words
stricken out by said amendment:
Provided, That hereafter no payments shall be
made by any officer of the United States to con-
tractors for goods or supplies of any sort furnished
to the Indians, or for the transportation thereon, or
for any buildings or machinery erected or placed on
their reservations, under or by virtu© of any con-
tract entered into with the Interior Department, or
any branch thereof, on the receipts or certificates of
the Indian agents or superintendents for such sup-
plies, goods, transportation, buildings, or machinery,
beyond fifty per cent, of the amount due, until the
accounts and vouchers shall have been submitted to
the executive committee of the board of commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States, and organized under the provisions of the
fourth section of the, act of April 10, I860, and the third
section of the act approved April 15.1870, for exam-
ination, revisal, and approval; and it shall be the
duty of said board of commissioners, without unne-
cessary delay, to forward said accounts and vouch-
ers so submitted to them to the Secretary of the
Interior, with the reasons for their approval or dis-
approval of the same, in whole or in part, attached
thereto; and said Secretary shall have power to sus-
tain, set aside, or modify the action of said board, and
cause payment to be made or withheld a,s he may
determine.
And the House agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives reccde from
their disagreement to the fifty-seventh amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendments: *
On page 72, line four of the bill, strike out the fol-
lowing words: "to make arrangements;" and in
line one of the words proposed to be inserted by said
amendment strike outthc words 41 and subsistence ;4'
and in lino three of the words proposed to be in-
serted, after the word "States," insert thefollowing
words: " and for their settlement and subsistence on
such reservations."
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fifty-eighth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendments:
In the fourth elause of said amendment, line four,
strike out all after the word " monument" down to
and including the word." territory;" in line five of
Said clause, and in line eight of said clause strike out
the word "ten"and insert in lieu the word "five;"
and at the end of said fourth clause add the follow-
ing words:
And this amount, or so rauch thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the expenses of holding a "general
council" of the Cherokee. Creelc, Seminole, and
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians in the Indian ter-
ritory. as provided by the treaties with said tribes
in 1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
$13,500: Provided, That any other Indian tribe per-
manently located in said Indian territory shall be,
and is hereby, authorized to elect and send to said
"general council" one delegate, and in addition one
delegate for each one thousand Indians or fraction
of athousand greater than five hundred, being mem-
hersof such tribe, on tbesame terms and conditions,
and with the same rights and privileges, including
right to compensation, as is provided for delegates
of the tribes hereinbefore mentioned, and a suffi-
cient sum to pay tho per diem and mileage of &ueh
additional delegates is hereby appropriated.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
thoirdisagreemontto tkessxtieth amendmentof the
Senate and agree to the same, with amendments, as
follows:
Strike out the proviso commencing in lino twelve,
page 73 of the bill and the amendment thereto, and
insert in heu the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to issue to the Cbfoetaw tribe of Indians
bonds of tbeUnited States to the amount of $2^0,000,
as directed by the act of March 2,1861, entitled "An
act making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes."
And the Senate agree to the same.
C. COLE,
JAMES HARJjAN,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
A. A. SARGENT.
JAMES B. RECK,
SIDNEY CLARKE.
Managers on the part of the Mouse,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that: the members
of the committee of conference understand
that report; bat it is a very extensive report,
embodying a great many subjects and a great
many provisions, aud I suppose that, with the
exception of the members of the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate, there is
not a single person here who begins to com-
prebend all the matter and provisions of the
report. There is, however, one provision in it
which I have heard read, and to which I am
irreconcilably opposed.
The honorable Senator who is acting as
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
has made his repeated and his most proper pro-
test against introducing matter of legislation
upon the appropriation bills. It is a vicious
and a most reprehensible practice, and tends
more to disarrange and retard the passage of
the appropriation bills than any other practice
that is tolerated in the Senate. Now, this re-
port contains a most important provision pro-
hibiting for the future all Indian treaties.
There are getting together in the southwest-
ern portion of the United States seventy or so
thousand civilized Indians. They have adopted
the habits of civilization ; they are educated;
one tribe have invented an alphabet, and have
a literature to some extent of their own. They
all have industry in the field, in the mechanic
shop, and in the usual forms of civilization.
They have adopted their own governments >
they have their separate tribal governments,
and then they have a general confederated
government. Now, there is ingrafted upon
this appropriation bill by this report of a com-
mittee of conference a provision dictated by
the House of Representatives to the Senate in
a spirit of unauthorized arrogance and in
repudiation of the history and the practice of
the Government not only from its formation
but from the settlement of the country by the
colonists of making Indian treaties and giving
to those Indian treaties the same obligation
and validity that treaties with foreign inde-
pendent powers have. All this principle and
doctrine of treaties, all the obligation and
validity of treaties, are repudiated for the future
by a provision so ingrafted, like a branch upon
a tree, on this appropriation bill. It is an
utterly vicious and ill-advised proposition.
There is no truth ia it, there is no justice ia
it, there is no sound policy or statesmanship
in it; it is a monstrous proposition that ought ,
to receive the rejection of every Senator, of
every man of justice and philanthropy in the
land. And yet in this extraordinary and as-
tonishing report of a committee of conference
the conferees on the part of the Senate have con-
sented that upon this appropriation bill those
time-honored principles of making treaties with
the Indians from the first settlement of the
country under the old Articles of Confederation
and from the beginning of the Government
under the present Constitution, shall all be
repudiated and expunged.
Sir, as one Senator, I protest against the
report of this committee of conference because
