1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 1,
of this monstrous feature. I will vote against
it because it contains such an enormity; an
enormity that is disgraceful to American legis-
lation, that is utterly disgraceful to that rela-
tion which subsists between the Indian tribes
and the Government and the people of the
United States, which is derogatory and destruc-
tive of every principle of justice and philan-
thropy, and which ought to be scorned and
repudiated by every right-minded man.
Mr. CASSERLY. So far as I have been
able to understand this report from the reading
of it, it is a very important one. It marks a
step in regard to the treaty-making power.
Whether it is a right step or a wrong step it is
impossible to determine on such short notice.
I think that the suggestion I am about to make
will meet the approbation of the Senate, and
I believe it is not without the acquiescence at
least of gentlemen who are on the conference.
My suggestion is that the report be printed so
that we may have it before us at the time of
voting on the question.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the proposition?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
is that the report shall be postponed and
printed.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. COLE. I am afraid that will result in
very considerable delay, and I fear, unneces-
sary delay. We are at a very late stage of the
session, when even reports of committees of
conference are attended with considerable diffi-
culty. I hope my colleague will not insist on
having this report printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state at this time, in regard to the condition of
public business, that if the appropriation bills
as they pass both Houses and finally come from
conference committees are left to the last day
of the session, as a Sunday does not intervene,
as it generally does, at the expiration of the
long session, it will not be within the physical
ability of all the engrossing and enrolling clerks
to secure the enrollment of the bills so that
the President can sign them. He will only
have the same time that the Senate and House
of Representatives have to act on them. At
the long session it is generally the case that
the session closes on a Monday, so that the
business of the two Houses can be practically
finished on Saturday night, and the enrolling
clerks are enabled by working on Sunday to
get the bills ready for the President to sign.
Mr. COLE. I may add one suggestion
that this is one of the very longest bills and
will require a very great time to enroll.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California moves the postponement of the
report, and that is in order. It can be post-
poned or passed over informally.
Mr. CASSERLY. My proposition is merely
that the report shall be printed, not the bill ;
and it seems to me that report can be here in
the morning. I do not at all apprehend that
it will lead to any lengthy debate. The truth
is, it is not the things that are well understood
which are much debated in a legislative body;
it is the things that are not well understood
that lead to debate. A good understanding
leads not only to the shortening of the debate,
but sometimes to a disposition of the matter
without debate. I do not wish to delay the
appropriation bills. I trust my position on
that subject is fully understood. I think the
course I suggest will facilitate the disposition
of this matter. I make the motion to print
the report merely.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California moves that the report of the confer-
ence committee be printed and postponed.
_Mr. HARLAN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations seems to be averse
to it. I ask that the clause alluded to, which
is the only one that probably will occasion any
difference of opinion, be re-read from the Sec-
retary's desk. That would be. perhaps, satis-
factory.
Mr. CASSERLY. I accept the suggestion
of my friend from Iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws his motion, and the Sec-
retary will read that part of the report referred
to by the Senator from California and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
The Chief Clerk. It is as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fifty-second amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment after the word
"provided" and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing :
That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe within
the territory of the United States shall bo acknowl-
edged or recognized as an independent nation,
tribe, or power, with whom the United States may
contract by treaty: Provided further, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to invalidate or
impair the obligation of any treaty heretofore law-
fully made and ratified with any such Indian nation
or tribe.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been of the impres-
sion for years that there was no necessity for
negotiating and ratifying treaties with Indians ;
that all our intercourse with them could be
regulated by law, by statutory provisions, just
as well as by treaty ; that on the whole it was
much safer to submit all these propositions to
both branches of Congress than to submit them
only to the Senate. We have now tried it for
a period of two years, no treaty having been
made with any Indian tribe and ratified during
that time, and we have on various occasions
by provisions of law effected that which is
usually effected by the stipulations of treaties.
I might instance the case of the Osage Indians,
whose lands were disposed of at the last ses-
sion of Congress by a section in the appropri-
ation bill authorizing the sale of the lands,
with the consent of the Indians, under a con-
tract to be made with them by the President of
the United States. No difficulty has grown
out of this change of policy, and I am perfectly
willing to declare that in the form of a statute.
It will not affect existing treaties in any way.
Mr. POMEROY. It has occurred to me
that it would be difficult by a law of Congress
to limit the power of the President and Senate
over treaties as provided in the Constitution.
The Constitution of the United States defines
and fixes the powers of the Executive and the
Senate in regard to treaties; they are the treaty-
making power. Now, you come in hereon an
appropriation bill, and by an act of Congress
prohibit that power, contract it, limit it, when
no law can have anything to do with it. It is
a sort of toadyism to the House of Represent-
atives ; that is my objection to it.
Mr. DAVIS. The position of the honorable
Senator from Kansas I adverted to in general
terms in my remarks when I was up before,
and it was the principal ground upon which I
opposed at the last session of Congress, when
on the committee of conference on the Indian
appropriation bill, the outrageous pretension of
the House of Representatives. They assumed
the position that there could be no treaty obli-
gations between the Government of the United
States and any Indian nation. That was their
position, and they endeavored to awe the Sen-
ate into the acceptancc of that anomalous and
extraordinary proposition by threatening to
defeat wholly the Indian appropriation bill.
We placed that committee and the House upon
the responsibility of taking and occupying that
ground, and then before they would consent
to do it they receded from their position and
conceded the position of the Senate.
Now, the principle is this: the whole treaty-
making power is vested by the Constitution
in the President and the Senate. The House
of Representatives have nothing to do with
it except to pass the appropriation bills that
may be necessary to execute treaties. Beyond
this power of appropriation the House has
nothing to do with the subject of treaties either
with foreign nations or with the Indian tribes.
The Supreme Court have decided that princi-
ple in three or four eases, where the question
was distinctly made before the court, where it
was argued at great length by counsel pro and
eon, and where it was solemnly decided upon
an able and clear opinion.
The Supreme Court, in an opinion rendered
by Chief Justice Marshall, has decided the
principle that the President of the United
States and the Senate may negotiate treaties
with the Indian tribes; and that treaties nego-
tiated according to the forms of the Constitu-
tion with the Indian tribes have all the valid-
ity and all the obligation of treaties between
the Government of the United States and for-
eign nations—England, France, or any of the
great Powers of the earth.
Now, what is the effort of the House of Rep-
resentatives ? What is the concession which
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate have made to the House? That this
treaty-making power organized by the Consti-
tution, vested by the Constitution in the Pres-
ident and the Senate, so far as it relates to
Indian tribes shall be expunged fron the Con-
stitution. Is the Senate prepared to take that
ground ? Is the Senate prepared to sacrifice
the right of the President and Senate to make
Indian treaties by this dictation of the House?
That is the effect of the report of the commit-
tee of conference ; that is its plain, simple effect.
I say that it is a report by the committee of
conference of a principle in derogation of the
plain provision of the Constitution regulating
the treaty-making power.
I agree with the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs that Indian trea-
ties are becoming infrequent, and that there is
not the same necessity or propriety in Indian
treaties as to bands and as to tribes that there
was in former years, because the tribes are
dwindling in number, they are becoming insig-
nificant in strength. But it certainly is within
the competence, the power, and discretion of
the President to determine what tribes of In-
dians he will make treaties with, and what he
will not. That is a discretion, a power reposed
by the Constitution in the President of the
United States, and this article in the report of
the committee of conference seeks to deprive
him of that power in derogation of the Con-
stitution.
Is not the President of the United States
competent to execute the power, according to
his discretion, of negotiating a treaty with an
Indian nation? Do we not all know that there
are about eighty thousand Indians in the south-
west part of the United States, who are civil-
ized, who are advancing in civilization and in
all the developments of civilization, where they
have their own government, their own constitu-
tion, their own languages, their own alphabet,
their own literature, and where they are making
rapid progress in human improvement ? Well,
what is the effect of this article in the report
of the committee of conference in relation to
them? That the President in the future shall
not have the power to negotiate a treaty with
those Indians, either as tribes or as a confed-
erated nation.
I deny the power of the committee of con-
ference to concede that great principle. I deny
the power of the Senate to sacrifice it. I deny
the power of the Congress of the United States
to expunge it from the Constitution. It is as
deeply moored, as fixed and immutable in the
foundations of the Constitution as any other
power whatever or any other principle estab-
lished by it.
The highest courts of our country, the great-
est judicial minds that the land has ever pro-
duced, have ruled again and again that the
President and the Senate have the unques-
tioned constitutional power to negotiate treaties
with Indian tribes, and that when those treaties
are negotiated and ratified according to the
forms of the Constitution they have all the
obligation, all the validity, and are entitled
to all the influence, both as to law and as
