1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
eniment never recognized the Government of Maxi-
milian in the sense of acknowledging or treating
with it. We knew it only as'an" awkward political
fact, or rather politick pretension, supported by
force and Joreign intervention.
, WILLIAM H. SEWARD."
On Juno 21,1867, Mr. Otterbourg was nominated
by the President minister plenipotentiary and envoy
. extraordinary of the United States to the republic
of Mexico. The Senate adjourned on Jaly 21.1867,
without having confirmed the nomination pf Mr.
Otterbourg; but he continued to diseharge thoduties
of minister plenipotentiary until August 28,1867,
when he received the notifieationof the lapse of his
commission in consequence Of the adjournment of
thc:'S6nate as above. Mr. Otterbourg thereupon
returned to the United States and reported at the
State Department November^, 1867, leavingthe con-
sulate in the charge of a competent person.
Having presented bis account for his services, it
was certified by the Fifth Auditor, as for consul in
charge of legation, from April 8,1866, to June 20,
1867, at the rate of £2,800 per annum; and for min-
ister. from June 21 to September 30,1867, at the rate
of $12,000 per annum. The First Comptroller, how-
ever, deducted all allowance to him as consul in
charge of legation and as minister, but admitted
and certified the salary of consul.
The case was taken to the Court of Claims, where
judgment was rendered for S85 80 for exercising
diplomatic functions from the 19th of August to the
9th of September, 1807, in addition to a further sum
due for his services as consul. The court refused to
allow salary as minister on the technical objection
that Mr. Otterbourg took his oath of office before the
consul general of Switzerland, whose authority lor
that purpose does not appear. There was, however,
no one else before whom he could have taken the
oath, unless lie liad returned to "Washington for that
purpose; and furthermore, the Department of State
regarded him as minister, and promised him com-
pensation as such.
In accordance with the above statements the com-
mittee report a bill giving compensation to Mr.
Otterbourg as consul performing diplomatic func-
tions from April 8,1866, until June 20,1867, both in-
clusive; and as minister from June 21 to September
SO, 1867, deducting what he has received as consul
and the sum ol $85 80, awarded him by the Court of
Claims for excicising diplomatic functions from the
10th August to the 9ch September, 1867.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to askthe
Senator from Massachusetts whether the effect
of that bill is that we shall have been paying
two persons for the same service at the same
time, Campbell, as minister, drawing his sal-
ary, and this gentleman exercising what are
called diplomatic functions as consul near the
court of Maximilian.
Mr. SUMNER. "No; Mr. Campbell was
nominated aftej.' Mr. Otterbourg. Mr. Otter-
bourg, as it appears from the report, was nom-
inated in June, 1867. " The Senate adjourned
on July 21, 1867, without having confirmed"
his nomination. He was not aware until Au-
gust 28, 1867, that his commission had lapsed,
and the question is one of compensation for
that interval.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator does
not understand my question. I speak of the
anterior validity, while he was consul and not
while hewas acting under the appointment of
the President as minister, though not yet con-
firmed. It would be proper to pay him for the
latter time; but while he was consul, discharging
what are called diplomatic functions, the ques-
tion is, first, whether anybody else was being
paid at the same time: and, second, whether
there is any propriety in paying more than the
consular salary, considering the then condi-
tion of the extraordinary political organization
called the government of Maximilian?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will permit me, the claim is for pay-
ment as minister during the time when he exer-
cised the functions of minister, having been
appointed for that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly right;
but the other part of the bill provides for pay-
ing him, against the judgment of the Court of
Claims, asaconsul performing diplomatic func-
tions. If I understand that to mean anything
it is that he is to have more than the ordinary
pay of a consul.
Mr. SCHURZ. He is to have more than
ordinary pay as a consul while the minister
"who was appointed was on his way to Mexico,
which he never reached. The Senator from
Vermont is aware, in all probability, that there
is a certain lapping ovei of salary in the dip-
lomatic service always after one minister goes
out and another minister comes in ; say for
o,ne month—thirty days, I think, is the rule—
during which we pay two salaries. While that
minister was on his way, never reaching Mex-
icoj this gentleman was exercising diplomatic
functions. The Court of Claims would have
allowed the whole claim but for this tech-
nical objection : that he had taken the oath
of office before a foreign consul, there being
no American officer in the city of Mexico.
If he had not done so he would have been
obliged to return to the United States to take
that same oath, which would have been impos-
sible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This overlapping I do
not object to, because it seems to be neces-
sary in the service. Where one minister is
recalled and another is appointed the recalled
minister receives, and ought to receive, prob-
ably, his salary as minister until he actually
surrenders the office and has a reasonable time
to get home. That is fair; and of course the
minister going out to the foreign country must
be paid his salary and necessary expenses,
such as are allowed by law, if any are allowed,
from the time he sets out until he reaches his
place. There is in that way a necessary over-
lapping ; and that is limited, as my friend
says, by the custom of the Department, to thirty
days, that being supposed to be enough for
that purpose, as it probably is. But this bill,
if I correctly understand it and the report,
goes a great deal further, and pays this gen-
tleman who was consul at the city of Mexico
for attending upon the court of Maximilian
for several months under the name of a con-
sul discharging diplomatic functions; that is
to say, acting as minister. Now, beyond the
necessary period of going out and returning,
the thirty days, my question is %vhether that
is right under the circumstances?
Mr. SUMNER. Shall I call attention to
the language of Mr. Seward, which will be
found on the first page of the report?
"During the whole period, from April, 1866, to
June 21, 1867, during which Mr. Otterbourg was con-
sul and in charge of the legation as aforesaid, there
was not in that country any other officer of the United
States authorized to perform diplomatio functions
therein, except, or otherwise, than that Lewis D.
Campbell, a duly commissioned minister, was for a
day or two upon its coast, or in the harbor of Vera
Cruz, whence he returned without proceeding to the
interior or putting himself in communication with
the Government of Mexico, except when, in April,
1867, he addressed from New Orleans a letter to the
Mexican secretary for foreign affairs, requesting
humane treatment for Maximilian in case of his
capture."
It appears that in point of fact Marcus Otter-
bourg, being consul at Mexico during that
interim, was in charge of the legation ; and it
is proposed to give him what is called the
compensation of a consul having charge of
the legation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much is that?
Mr. SUMNER. It is at the rate of $2,800
per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where is the law for
that? What law recognizes such an office
as that ?
Mr. SUMNER. There is a rule making a
certain allowance to a consul who has charge of
a legation, because it is an additional service.
Mr. NYE. I have some recollection of this
period, and I ask the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts whether it is not the fact that
we had no diplomatic relations there at all,
and that Mr. Otterbourg was simply sent there
to take charge of the consular department
without performing any functions at all; for
there was no Government there to do any-
thing with. I recollect that he was sent out
to take charge of the papers belonging to the
consulate—to keep house, in plain language,
instead of performing any diplomatic func-
tions.
Mr. SUMNER. The fact is that he was
recognized by our Government as such ; and
we have the report of the Secretary of (State
to that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difficulty with me
is how any accounting officer can teli how
much we intend to give this gentleman.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was going to come to
that presently.
Mr. SHERMAN. A simple sum they can
no doubt figure out; but what is the difference
between "the salary of consul to the city of
Mexico," which is fixed by law at $1,000 a
year, and the salary of a consul " exercising
diplomatic functions," when there is no such
officer described by any law, and there is no
salary fixed by law for any such person, I
think ?
Mr. COLE. I will relieve my friend by stat-
ing that the Court of Claims fixed the amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. They only allowed him
eighty-five dollars for. a few days' diplomatic
services. For some time after Mr. Corwin
left Mexico there was no Government there
except that of Maximilian, and there were no
diplomatic functions to be performed by an
American minister. I listened with a good
deal of attention to the long, involved sentence
read from Mr. Seward's report by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts. He says,
with a great many words, that there was no one
who was authorized to perform diplomatic
functions to the Government of Mexico from
April, 1866, till some time in 1867, but he does
not say that this gentleman performed any
diplomatic functions. There was no actual
Government there to perform functions with.
Maximilian, whom we did not recognize at
all, was in possession of Mexico when this
gentleman was there, and unless he was play-
ing spy upon Maximilian he had.no diplomatic
functions to perform. I suppose he had charge
of the papers, that was all.
If you pass this bill, state some sum that you
mean to give this gentleman. He deserves it
if the compensation of consul was not enough ;
and I think $1,000 was not enough. If he was
required to stay there at all, he ought to have
more. You ought to fix the sum to be paid,
and not make it impossible for any one without
a violation of law or a disregard of law to pass
On this account. If you think S2,500 ayear
would be a fair compensation to this gentle man
while engaged in this business, let the bill so
state. It ought not to be left in such ambiguous
phrase as the bill is now.
But it is proposed to pay him as a minister.
He was not a minister. He was not appointed
during the recess of the Senate minister pleni-
potentiary, as I understand. If he was, he is
entitled to his pay. If during the recess of
the Senate he was appointed minister plenipo-
tentiary, he undoubtedly drew his pay. If he
was legally appointed he could draw his pav.
Mr. SCHURZ. He did not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not? There ought
to be some explanation on that point. If he
was legally appointed during the recess of the
Senate he would be clearly entitled to his pay
until the close of the next session of the Senate ;
and if he did not draw it, we ought to have
some explanation of the fact, and that is a
point to which I wish to direct the attention
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the point? I did
not hear the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this gentleman was
legally appointed minister plenipotentiary to
Mexico during the recess of the Senate he was
entitled to his pay, as such, until the close of
the next session of the Senate, and upon those
facts would undoubtedly have received it.
Mr. SUMNER. He has not received it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there is some ex-
planation which the committee ought to inform
us of.
Mr. SUMNER. The subject has been one
of report by the Secretary of State, and been
examined by the committee. The examina-
tion was made last year; the report bears date
June 18. 1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is an absolute ct-i-
tainty that he v.* as* appointed during the i ( c<
