1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 1,
have been held to be such by the highest judi-
cial tribunals of the country. But he will agree
with me that the relation of the Indian tribes
to the United States and their condition is
continuously changing, and nations of Indians
that might have been so recognized years ago
may now be well regarded as having deterior-
ated to such an extent as to justify the adop-
tion of this declaration on the part of Con-
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend allow
me to ask a question of him ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
if the confederated tribes in the southwestern
portion of the United States are not a proper
and a competent Indian power with which the
United States may negotiate a treaty?
Mr. HARLAN. I think that some of those
tribes are as powerful now as many tribes with
whom we have heretofore made treaties; but
the effett of this proposition of the conference
committee is to declare on the part of Congress
that" hereafter we will not recognize Indian
tribes residing within the limits of the United
States as nations in that sense which will jus-
tify the negotiation of treaties with them here-
after ; but that nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to invalidate any treaty heretofore
made with them. The conference committee
thought that it was competent for Congress to
make such a declaration. We think it can
do no harm; and that is the policy which has
been adopted by the Government, and which
I hope will be adhered to, whether this prop-
osition is agreed to by the Senate or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I had no
intention of originating the discussion that has
taken place. My only desire was to draw the
attention of the Senate to the fact, that, so far
as I understood the reading of the conference
report, there was in it a very serious step in a
very doubtful direction in regard to the treaty-
making power of the Executive and the Senate,
as well as to our future relations with the Indian
tribes. This case is another illustration of a
very growing and very serious evil in the prac-
tice of Congress. I refer to the practice of
legislating so much outside of either House of
Congress in committees of conference. The
time was, as we all understand, when a confer-
ence committee was a rare thing. As a rule it
was used only in reference to appropriation
bills, and then from the nature of the case.
So many details in appropriation bills are to
be dealt with that it is almost impossible for
the two Houses to arrive at an agreement
upon them all without the intervention of a
conference.
But, sir, we have got ever so far away from
that. A very eminent man of the dominant
party took occasion not a great while ago, in
a very marked manner, to denounce with just
severity the practice of which I am speaking.
I regret I have not his words. He showed
that the present tendency of Congress was to
take away from either House and from both
Houses the most important matters of legisla-
tion and decide them by conferences held in
some committee-room, with closed doors, with-
out the knowledge of either House, and without
any practical capacity in the members of either
House to reject what had been done. He was
entirely right. So unblushing has the evil
grown that it has happened more than once in
my short time in this body to hear it announced
on this floor that it made no difference what
amendments were adopted or rejected by the
Senate upon important bills, the whole thing
would be settled in a committee of conference.
How settled ? Settled in the face and eyes of
anything that had passed or that could have
passed either House. Measures become laws
by means of conference committees that never
could have obtained one third of the votes in
either House. If committees of conference
are to usurp the entire legislation of Congress
let it be known. Of course this would be a
gross invasion of the Constitution; a clear
violation of sound parliamentary action; yet
I do not doubt, if the usurpation once comes
to be accepted as a fact in legislation, that
there is somewhere in the American people
enough of reserved forces to apply some pal-
liation of the evil.
Mr. HARLAN. I am sure the honorable
Senator from California never intends to do
anybody "injustice, and I know he would not
do the committee of conference injustice. I
think his remark is not applicable to this case.
If he will observe the bill he will notice that
the Senate proposed to strike out the following
proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to ratify any of the so-called treaties
entered into with any tribe, band, or party of
Indians since the 20th of July, 1867.
The House of Representatives non-concurred
in that amendment of the Senate, and the com-
mittee of conference propose to compromise by
striking out those words and substituting the
words that are contained in the report. So I
think that this amendment at least is pertinent
and is a part of the matter in controversy be-
tween the two Houses. The Senator will find
the clause t,o which I refer, and which I have
just read, on page 67 of the printed bill con-
taining the Senate amendments.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President-
Mr. COLE. If my colleague will yield to
me, I will say that the third section of the bill
relates to the same subject-matter.
Mr. CASSERLY. It was not my intention
to trespass upon p,ny limits, either of parlia-
mentary order or of courtesy in anything that
I sai(J.
Mr. HARLAN. I knew it was not, and
heuce I ventured to interrupt the honorable
Senator.
Mr. CASSBRLY, I do not think I failed
to carry out my intention. I did not question
the relevancy of the House provision. I was
speaking of a great and growing evil in our
legislation, admitted to be such by every per-
son who has had occasion to consider it. I
was not referring particularly to the action of
the conference committee now under debate.
I had not reached that stage. When 1 do
reach it, I think I shall be able to show, as I
said, that the present report is a very vivid
illustration of the strides of this monstrous
power assumed by conference committees, not
merely to adopt new legislation, but to nullify
^nd set aside the legislation already had in one
House or the other. There can be no offense
where npne is intended ; and I certainly con-
cede to the members of the conference commit-
tee perfect good fiiith and the best intentions.
Yet it is generally in good faith and with the
best intentions that the most serious blows have
been, struck at sound principles of government.
As a rule it is the honest men, the men of
integrity of purpose, who have inflicted the
deepest wounds upon what is right, upon what
is best, in government.
Now, sir, what have we here? Because the
Senate proposed a very proper provision guar-
antying the integrity of past treaties with the
Indians, the House of Representatives, dis-
agreeing to that and other amendments, as
it would seem, obtained a conference. The
result of that conference is that while that
provision is retained we have this in addition :
That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe within
the territory of the United States shall be acknowl-
edged or rec«snized as an independent tribe or
power with whom the United States may contract
by treaty.
The sting of this provision thus consented
to by the conferees on the part of the Senate
is not particularly in the word "independent."
Why so? Because an Indian tribe is not,
strictly speaking, "an independent tribe or
power." It is more like a State under a pro-
tectorate, a State quasi independent, having
certain distinct and separate rights and yet
subject to the control of another State. Now,
sir, who denies that, to a great extent, the
Indians are not wholly independent, but to a
certain extent independent? I think that has
been held over and over by Congress and by
the courts of this country, State and Federal,
since the foundation of the Government.
The membersof an Indian tribe cannot com-
mit treason against the United States. Why
so? Because they owe the United States no
allegiance. To that extent they are independ-
ent of the United States. The property of an
Indian tribe in a State is not liable to taxation
by State authority. Why? Because they are
no part of the people of the State. They are
a people by themselves, under no authority
but that of the United States, which is exer-
cised only by treaty. Except by treaty the
United States cannot tax them or their prop-
erty.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
many times had occasion to consider this ques-
tion. I find extracts from several decisions
collected in a little book which I hold in my
hand. I call the attention of the Senate to
one of them, because of my conviction of the
great gravity of the question involved in the
report of the conference committee. In the
case of the Kansas Indians (5 Wallace, 755)
the court says of the Shawnees :
"They are a people distinct from others, capable
of makiijg treaties, separated from the jurisdiction
of Kansas, and to be governed exclusively by the
Government of j-he Union. If under the control of
Congress, frour*necessity, there can be no divided
authority; if they have outlived many things, they
have notoutlived the protection afforded by the Con-
stitution, treaties, and laws of Congress. It may be
that they cannot exist much longer as a distinct peo-
plo in the presence of the civilization of Kansas;
but until they are clothed with the rights and bound
to all the duties of citizens, they enjoy the privilege
of total immunity from State taxation."
The court further says;
" The tenor of all the treaties shows that the idea
of subjecting them to taxation by the General Gov-
ernment was never entertained, and certainly it has
never been attempted," &o.
As I said, the sting is not in the word "in-
dependent" so much as in the assertion that
the Indians are not a people " with whom
the United States may contract by treaty." I
deny the right of either or of both Houses of
Congress to pass such a law. The Indians are
not a part of the people of the United States;
still less are they a portion of the citizens of
the United States. I speak now of course of
the Indians as tribes. It is not easy to define
expressly their political relation to the United
States, but I shall speak with sufficient accu-
racy when I say that their relations are those
of a State having an existence of its own, hav-
ing a certain independence of its own, but still
under the protection and control of the United
States according to treaty stipulations.
We find this amply recognized in the con-
stitutional grant to Congress of the power "to
regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes." The tribes here are something differ-
ent from foreign nations or from the States,
more independent than the States, less inde-
pendent than foreign nations.
Condensing the decision of the Supreme
Court, the definition of their condition is that
"the Indian tribes are dependent, subordinate
States, whose political relations with the United
States are defined by treaties."
Of course I need not remind Senators, either
the lawyers here or those who are not lawyers,
that the various departments of this Govern-
ment, the judiciary included, follow the Execu-
tive in regard to the recognition of the existence
of other States and Powers.
If there were no other objection, it is more
than doubtful whether Congress, dealing with
a people like the Indians, whose relations with
us are so well established by treaty after treaty,
and the whole practice oi the Government, can
annul, as to them, the treaty .making power
vested in the President and the Senate. But
the main objection is that the tribes are under
