1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
387
of our country. It has never been a part of
the doctrine of the Democratic party to annex
population of anything like the degraded and
utterly abandoned character of that which the
President proposes to annex, and under our
present system this degraded and semi-bar-
barous people would become citizens, entitled
to like privileges with ourselves. Every con-
sideration to self-preservation, and humanity,
and Christianity, and the future well-being and
good name of the American people should in-
duce us to reject the infusion of so base an
element into our personal and political nation-
ality.
Sir, I hold in my hand the last work, writ-
ten on the island of San Domingo, entitled
" Sketches of San Domingo.1' by a gentleman
by the name of Kiem, who himself professes
to be in favor of the acquisition of this terri-
tory. In this boob I lind this remarkable
statement of fact with reference to Dominica
and its people: in the year 1785, there were
upon the whole island 676,443 people; in 1824,
a period of less than forty years, the popula-
tion of that portion of the island now denom-
inated Hayti had dwindled down to 71,223,
while the population of Dominica, that por-
tion of the island we propose to annex, had
fallen to 120,000, thus making an aggregate of
leas than 200,000 population. According to
the same author, in 1785 it had a population
of 676,413. This shows the effects of the dele-
terious elements to which I have referred.
The crossings, and intercrossings of breeds,
both degraded and deteriorated, have borne
their fruits in a depopulation of three quarters
of a million down to a fifth of a million within
a period of forty years, while in the same
period the United States, comprising all the
colonies, had in 1785 a population of but two
and a half millions, and we find ourselves in
1871, notwithstanding three foreign wars and
a destructive civil war, with a population esti-
mated at about forty millions. These facts,
derived from recent investigation, and fur-
nished by one who is friendly to annexation,
are more potent in description of that people
than anything I could say by way of illustra-
tion or argument. They portray clearly the
degraded and demoralized character of the
people whom it is proposed to make citizens
and voters of.
Sir, it has been well said that there is no
better test of the prosperity of a people, of
the thrift and intelligence of a people, than
the ratio of increase of population. Those
who have devoted the most thought to the
subject, who have analyzed the various ele-
ments that go to create a progressive, intelli-
gent, and prosperous people, have concluded
that this is the best test.
Another ground of objection may be found
in the fact that we do not propose to annex
tlie whole of this island, the island of San
Domingo. It is to take in but a portion of
that island, the feeble portion, the least desir-
able portion, and to annex that, that we pro-
pose, regardless of any treaties between the
republic of Dominica and the republic of
Hayti, the other part of the isRmd.
While it may be that the bay of Samana and
one or two other points of the Dominican part
of the island might be of service to the United
States as naval stations and otherwise, the
scheme to take the entire republic of Domin-
ica and incorporate its population with our
own, cannot be sustained upon any grounds
of public necessity or public good.
I recently saw in a New York paper—an
Administration paper—a very interesting and
remarkable statement upon this subject. It
is a summary, very carefully, very truthfully,
and very properly stated, of the last news from
San Domingo in relation to the disposition of
the people there in regard to annexation, the
movements made by the authorities of the Uni-
ted States to compel obedience, and what the
President is doing outside, above and beyond
any authority delegated to him for that pur-
pose. I ask the Clerk to read an extract I
send up, from the New York Evening Post (a
leading Republican journal) of Januarys, 1871.
The Clerk read as follows:
" News from San Domingo.—Wo have beforo us
several letters from San Domingo, which relate
strange news. It is asserted in these letters, which
are from respectable men, favorable to annexation,
that—
"First. Several war ships of the United States are
lying on the Dominican coast at the service and
orders of Baez, and used by him as though they
belonged to him.
"Second. That these vesselswere used to intimidate
the people when they were asked to vote on annex-
ation, and that the vote sent to Washington was
obtained by such intimidation.
"Third. That. Baez could notmaintain bis power if
it were not tor the open threats of the commanders
of "United States naval vessels to destroy the towns
on the coast in ease a rising is attempted in them.
"Fourth. It is asserted that half a million of paper
money printed in the United States, reported pub-
licly, but of course falsely, to be guarantied by the
United States as a means of giving it value, has been
received by Baez, and he was about to put it in cir-
culation.
"Fifth. It is reported in San Domingo that the
United States Government lias paid Baez $150,000
as a second year's rent for Samana bay. Al30.it is
asserted there, and not denied, that the best-lands
in and near Samana bay are already in possession of
Cazneau, Fabens, Babcock, and Baez.
"Sixth. We are assured that the Dominican public
debt, which amounted in 1868, according to the comp-
troller, to $2,000,000, has been largely increased, and
that during the last six months numerous old claims
against the Government have been allowed, and these
claims have since been bought up at a very low rate
by persons conspicuous in urging the annexation.
" Seventh. There seems to be no doubt that Admiral
Poor, in the Severn, v?assent to tell theHaytian Gov-
ernment that if it interfered with ttleschemes of the
United States and Baez in San Domingo it would
bring trouble upon itself. This is as though Napo-
leon had said to the United States thatit tliey inter-
fered with his schemes in Mexico lie would declare
war against us. Yet General Grant thought it would
be wise and right to send American troops to drive
the .French out of Mexico.
" The persons who malce these charges are Domin-
icans. in favor of annexation to the United States:
but they complain that the United States Govern-
ment is proceeding with brute force and unjustly in
the matter; that its powor is grossly misused by bad
men to advance their selfish ends; and that the
people, who see themselves coerced by our Xavy
and sold by Baez, are indignant, dissatisfied, and
will resist annexation and cause us trouble, when,
if wisely managed, they would gladly consent.
" We give place to these statements, coming as they
do from men of good reputation, who believe that a
great wrong is doing in San Domingo."
Mr. WOOD. Comments upon this remark-
able array of facts are unnecessary. It is evi-
dent that that country is in a state of revolu-
tion, and the people have not consented to the
transfer. There has not been any legal assent
of the people of Dominica in favor of any an-
nexation whatever to the United States. If
further evidence of the present condition of
matters in San Domingo at this very moment
on this point is necessary, I present the fol-
lowing, taken from the New York Tribune of
this day:
San Domingo—Dejiant address from Cabrul—A nnex-
ation denounced—The masses discontented.
Pokt-au-Peince, December 23.
General Cabral has issued the following address to
his adherents:
Citizens : The south is still in arms; we are fight-
ing. Lately one ot our columns marched on Trobane,
defended by Generals Andrea and Timoteo Oean-
do. There the enemy was met, beaten, and routed.
After this event reinforcements of Baez lett Azua
lor the recapture of Tuhana. Our advanced posts
met them, and I was at once informed of that and
issued orders to arrest it without waiting for the
infantry. I most victoriously defeated them. Whilo
these operations wero taking placc, General Marcos
B. Adon, with three hundred men. attacked and
routed the forces of Caribon de Otrabanda. At the
same time, and by way of Petit-Trow, another force
of the enemy was entirely defeated. At Trobano a
general of the enemy was killed, and another at
Pe tit-Trow. In addition to the losses occasioned to
our enemies in four encounters, many families have
presented themselves for protection; among them
Priest Barriento, with his family. To all of them we
have given a patriotic and paternal reception. The
wounded have been treated with humanity and the
attentions demanded by Christian charity are paid
them. Indulgence and liberality have been shown
to the surrendered. With these triumphs the cam-
paign will assume superior proportions. I count on
a sufficient force, good arms, good amount of muni-
tions, and all other resources needed by the army.
The revolution will be splendid, because upon its
triumphs depend the salvation of the country. Baez
is the enemy against whom we fight. This admin-
istration is not acceptable, because its cruelties, its
abuses, and its tyrannical acts impoverish the coun-
try. Baez is faithless to us. In exchange for gold he
wants to sacrifice our independence: and onr inde-
pendence we must maintain, as the only thing we have
and as the most precious jewel we can bequeath-to
future generations. In our lines all Dominioans have
a place, and none will be asked their past political
opinions. Let those that yesterday differed from us
come to asand we will receive them as brothers. The
revolution accomplished, we will have the majority
to the election of men of known honesty and intel-
ligence to fill the offices of public administration.
Citizensl anion, and we will save the Dominican
republic.
JOSE MARIA CABRAL.
Headquarters in San Juan.
It is thus seen that the revolutionary chief-
tain, Cabral, is determined to overthrow the
power of Baez, the present president, before
the sale of Dominica can be consummated.
Certainly this presents a serious question for
the consideration of annexationists.
But another objection presents itself in the
large amount of franchises and grants made by
the Dominican Government to Europeansand
others. These must be satisfied before what
is valuable can become the property of the
United States. This with the outstanding debt
and liabilities will involve the necessity of
the assumption of the paymentof nearly eleven
million dollars, and to that extent it will
become a further tax upon the people of this
country.
I have here a copy of the report of the finance
minister of Dominica, from which I obtain the
following items in relation to the debt and
liabilities of that republic:
Paper money in circulation   $2,623,300
Obligations existing prior to July 30,18(58.... 218.338
Due bills outstanding   85,402
Publicdebt, January31,1868.  315,400
"Requerado debts," revolutionary  399,589
Due Josserman&Co., Curacoa,two items| • gl'JjQj,
Liabilities, to bo assumed by the United
States, growing out of the Hartinan loan
effected in London 7,0S1,8'J4
Duo Itayticn Government  20,000
This amount of §10,801,983, the Govern-
ment of the United States, under the law- of
nations, will be obliged to assume and liqui-
date if it succeeds to the sovereignty of that ter-
ritory, because I hold it to be a well-settled
principle of public law that where a sovereign
succeeds to the dominion of a country it takes
all the responsibilities and obligations with all
the rights and privileges pertaining to that
countiy. There can be no question in regard
to that proposition.
Nor is this all. Large franchises have been
granted to English subjects. I hold in my
hand a statement of governmental grants of
enormous magnitude to English subjects—
grants for railroads, for banking institutions,
for copper-mining schemes. This statement
shows that within the last ten years the differ-
ent rulers of Dominica have granted to Eng-
lish subjects exclusive power and privilege
over'the chief mineral regions of Domin-
ica; and if we acquire Dominica under these
circumstances it will be be impossible for us
to avoid those franchises without meeting
European complications which may cause us
much difficulty before their final settlement.
The correspondent of the same paper, the
New York Tribune, refers to them in a letter
dated San Domingo city, August 10, 1860.
His letter may be found in the issue of that
paper of September 14, 1869. The following
is an extract:
"It is a fact tba,t some of the most important
national undertakings are in the hands of 1 i
men, who expect to draw all their labo: •
of their supplies from the nearest Brnibn t
Smith, Payne Sr Smith, of London, are the accred-
ited loan agents of this Government, and to them
has been committed the business of selling a largo
portion of the public domain in the mineral dis-
tricts now under geological survey. The best
part of the famous, copper hills ot" San Ciistobal is
owned by Englishmen, the heirs of the late Theo-
dore Henneeken, and othors, and will be worked by
British miners, who count upon Jamaica for their
road-niakeis. The charter for the rood from Santi-
ago to Monte Cristo, the great * tobat-co route, is
granted to an English company, whose engineer is
now on the ground. The road from ban Domingo
