1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
have seen fit to do. They have opened a door
so broad—"wider than a church door, and
deeper than a well"—that certainly little mat-
ters like this may address themselves to the
consideration of the Senate-without the objec-
tion now raised by the Senator from Ohio.
I wish to say, itt corroboration of what has
already been said by the Senator from Indiana,
that I shall vote for (his amendment upon the
giound that I believe it is an absolute economy
to the Government. It is no admission upon
the part of the parties interested that it will
not be a profitable thing if constructed. It is
an admission, perhaps, that they have not the
ready means with which to construct the line
to-day, and would ask, and do ask, a small pit-
tance from the Government, to be returned to
the Government in the services which they
shall render them. I think, if there were time
to do so, lacts could be presented to the Sen-
ate to show that if this line had existed a short
time ago more than its whole cost of construc-
tion would have been saved in expense to the
Government. That fact is sufficient to satisfy
me that a precisely similar state of things may
exist hereafter; and if it does not to that ex-
tent, it affords the facilities to your Govern-
ment of that amount which not only justifies,
but, in my judgment, economy demands that
we should put this little appropriation upon
this bill.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to add, also, that
although it may appear to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to be economy
to object to every little amendment, and that
he is acting in the interest of economy in thus
objecting, there are some measures which will
promote economy and the interests of the Gov-
ernment if they are adopted ; and I believe this
to be one. I agree fully with what the Sen-
ator from Maine has said. Knowing well the
section of country through which this line is
to run, I say to the Senate, from my knowl-
edge of the country, that in my judgment it
will be economy to establish this line, and thus
be a benefit to the Government. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. EDIIUNDS. I had an impression that
the Senate had once decided that it would not
load this bill with this subsidy. It would be a
great comfort to a great many people if we
could have one bill, even if it is only an appro-
priation bill, go through this body without
some subsidy to some corporation or some
benefit to some corporation being loaded upon
it. Now it may be, or it may not be, that it
is wise for the public interests for the United
States to build a telegraph, or aid in building
one over this line. If it is wise for the public
interest, then it ought to be urged upon public
grounds by public officers, instead of its being
urged, as 1 have some reason to believe it has
been, merely by the men who are interested
as private parties and who are going to pocket
this money ; all very proper, if they can get it.
They are now the proprietors of a telegraph
line going a part of the way, and they want to
have the United States help to extend their
telegraph line somewhere else and have us pay
for it ior the time being and lake it back in
service at some time or other. If, on all these
appropriation bills together, we are to come
out, at the end of the next year with any bal-
ance in the Treasury at all, there must be some
items somewhere that we refuse to'adopt, and
I think this is one of them.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will be better
satisfied by hearing the recommendations of the
Secretary of War and of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior read, I have them here. I did not read
them, because I did not want to take up the
time. The circumstances connected with this
proposed liue have already been stated.
Now, Mr. President, I suppose that an ap-
propriation bill is for the purpose of making
necessary appropriations. If you could pass
an appropriation bill without having any appro-
priations in it, it would be satisfactory to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
perhaps; but I take it that an appropriation
bill is for the purpose of making necessary
appropriations. I have the evidence here to
show that this is a necessary appropriation.
If there can be a strong case for an appropri-
ation, it is made here. This liue is to run
through a district full of Indians, and where,
perhaps, they are more hostile and threaten-
ing in their character than others at this time,
and where it is more important for the Gov-
ernment to have a telegraph line than perhaps
any other part of the Indian country. And
yet, how many lines have the Government
built at their own expense? Here are parties
willing to pay the greater part of the expense
of building this line, but they are riot willing
to run the line into the Indian country entirely
on their own responsibility, and the Secretary
of War and the officers who are familiar with
the subject have recommended that this appro-
priation be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, if we could
have an appropriation bill, as my friend from
Indiana says, with no appropriations in it, it
might be satisfactory, and we should have one
of that character now if we should strike
out all these appropriations, and still have a
pretty respectable bill left. The majority of
the Senate have got so much in favor of other
legislation on this very bill that it cannot justly
and morally be called an appropriation bill at
all; and that is the great vice of this legislation.
The great truth is, and everybody who hears
me knows it just as well as I do, that these
private and personal measures, redounding to
the public good, as everybody thinks who is
for them, aie forced upon the appropriation
bills, because they have not any chance, con-
sidered upon their merits, of getting through;
and the appropriation bill is made a cart to
carry every trunk that anybody wants carried
through. That is the truth about it.
Now, the Secretary of War does say, in
answer to somebody's appeal to him, not in
one of his formal and official recommenda-
tions to Congress, that iMhere were a tele-
graph line there, and it was kept up, it would
be a great benefit to the public service. So is
the telegraph line from here to New York; so
is the telegraph line from here to Chicago; and
every other line, wherever it may be. They
are all of great benefit to the public service.
So is every settlement upon a farm a benefit
to the public service. So is every building
of a steamboat line a benefit to the public ser-
vice. Everything that increases the activity
and industry of the people and adds to their
wealth and civilization is of benefit to the pub-
lic service. But we have been taught hitherto
that one of the chief objects of government was
to allow the people to carry on their private
enterprises in their own way, and with their own
money, and that it was not a part of the mis-
sion of the Government of the United States
to furnish every man not only with a farm, as
we do, but with oxen and horses to carry it
on, with plows to plow it, with seed wheat;
and then, iu addition, to carry a telegraph
everywhere to him. That is further than we
have been accustomed to go. There is the
trouble about it._
Now the fact is, as I stated a moment ago—
this matter was communicated to our com-
mittee and we gave it a patient hearing—that
here is a very respectable body of young men
who own a telegraph line up there, which tliey
have built, and which we are using, liise other
customers of the line, and paying for the use
of. They, just like a railroad or any other
enterprise of that character, want to extend
their opeiations ; and in order to extend their
operations they would be very glad indeed if the
Treasury of the United States would advance
the money and help them out; and so they cause
somebody to apply to the Secretary of War
to give an approval of it. Lest 1 should be
imagined, from prejudice or some other cause,
not to have fairly stated what the Secretary of
War says, I will read his letter:
Januaey 17,1871.
The Secretary of "War has the honor to return to
the Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate of
the United States the proposed bill ior the construc-
tion ot' a telegraph line to the military posts on the
Missouri tiver, ;i nd to state, lifter oontei ring with the
txeneral of the Array, that the proposed line would
be of screat benefit to the public service, especially
those branches charged with the administration of
military and Indian affairs, imd is fully approved.
It is, however, recommended that the bill be so
amended as to provide for the extension of the tele-
graph line to Fort Itice. as the necessities of the case
are as great between Fort Sully and the post just
named as between anv lower posts on the river.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
&cretary of War.
Mr. President, if, taking this to be a full
recommendation, we are to expend public
money on the recommendations of the Depart-
ments, particularly when urged by private par-
ties in the lobby up to the recommendations of
the Departments, we shall find ourselves on the
1st of July, 1872, more than fifty million dol-
lars on the wrong side of the ledger. Take the
book of estimates from the War Department,
from the Interior Department, from the Treas-
ury, from every Department—and 1 do not say
this as a criticism on the Departments, but for
another purpose which the Senate will readily
understand—take the estimates of all-the De-
partments for the public service, of what they
think would be advantageous to the public good,
and which would be if we had the money to pay
for it, and you would run up these appropri-
ation bills more than a bundled million dollars
above what they are now. It does not follow
because the Secretary of War has been per-
suaded to believethat it. would be an advantage
to the public to have this line, as it would no
doubt, as would be true of every other line, we
are therefore to be able to find money lo pay
for it. Although we seem to have forgotten
the fact, there is a bottom to the money m the
Treasury of the United States ; and, as I have
said just now, if you add the sum total of these
appropriations together, and the estimates of
the income of the United States for the next
fiscal year, the most energetic and vigorous
friends of these appropriations would be some-
what startled.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from "Vermont
says that the Secretary of War wrote a letter
to "somebody." "Somebody" asked him the
question. Well, sir, that "somebody" is
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs of the Senate. Here is the formal
response to that " somebody," and the recom-
mendation is about as strong a one as the
Secretary of War could make. Here is also
the opinion of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, speaking of the dealings with the
Indians, directed to "somebody," the Secre-
tary of the Interior, who communieat.es it to
the other "somebody," the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Now, Mr. President,, it turns out that the
Senator from Vermont does not know any-
thing about this matter. My friend feels bound
to oppose all appropriations ill an appropria-
tion bill, because, he says, they will run the
balance over on the other side some fifty mil-
lions. Here is an application as meritorious,
perhaps, as anything in the bill, only asking
for the small sum ol §2-1 000, and the only one
of the kind, I believe, that is asked ior in the
bill; and it is asked for by every officer of the
Government who knows anything about it.
I am as much in favor of protecting the
Tieasury as anybody; but I do not feel myself
called upon to oppose everything without at
least knowing something about it. It is neces-
sary to make appropriations for some purposes;
and while we are spending millions Lo keep the
Army on the frontier, and millions tofeed the
Indians and take care of them, here is an ap-
propriation for a telegraph line which in itself
might save hundreds of thousands of dollars
upon an emergency; a small appropriation by
