1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
friend, no sincere backer in thiscountry, except
those who are immediately concerned in the
money-making and selfish design of those who
are parties to this annexation of Dominica.
Mr. DICKEY and Mr. COX rose.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania yield to allow
me to make a suggestion to the House?
Mr. DICKEY. I yield for a suggestion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to suggest to the House that in the debate to-
morrow, up to half past one o'clock, the
speeches shall be limited to fifteen minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Say ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been ap-
pealed to by various gentlemen on both sides
of the House for an opportunity to speak
upon this question. Of course, in the limited
time allowed for debate, very few can have an
opportunity to be heard under the hour rule.
" Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to say that I do not want any of the time
myself.
Mr. COX. Who has the floor now on the
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not de-
cided.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the arrangement I
have suggested be made.
Mr. SWANN. Would not the members of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs take prece-
dence in the debate?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would feel
compelled to give precedence to the members
of the committee, but there will not be an
opportunity even for the members of that com-
mittee to speak unless some arrangement be
made by which the hour rule shall be mod-
ified. is there objection to the speeches to-
morrow being limited to ten minutes?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Say fifteen
minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think ten minutes is
better.
Mr. COX. Lot us extend the time for
debate until three o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You can-
not do that.
Mr. COX. Weean, by unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You will
not get that. I will say ten-minutes speeches.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question first on ten-minutes speeches. Is
there objection to the speeches up to the hour
of half past one to-morrow being limited to
ten minutes each ? The Chair hears none, and
it is so ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Who is entitled to the
floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide
that to-morrow morning.
bights of disabled volunteers.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2080) declaratory
of the rights of citizens residing at any national
asylum tor disabled volunteer soldiers; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
entries under homestead laws.
Mv. JULIAN, by unanimous consent,'intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2681) in relation to
entries under the homestead laws by parties
v.ho served in the Army or Navy 01 the United
States for ninety days during the rebellion;
which was read a first and second tune, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lauds.
apportionmhxl1 of representatives, etc.
Mr. STRONG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2682) to fix the time
for the election and provide for the apportion-
ment of Representatives and Delegates in
the Congress of the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to tho
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
executive and judicial officers.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2683) to fix the sal-
aries of the heads of the Executive Depart-
ments and of justices of the courts of the Uni-
ted States ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
violation of revenue laws.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution for adoption
now:
Resolved, That tho Attorney General be requested
to furnish to this House a statement of the names of
all persons, with their plnees of residence, who have
been arrested in Virginia since the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1868, for violations ot the internal revenue
laws, showing in each ease whether the person ar-
rested was indicted; if so. whether he was tried: and
in cases where orders of nolle prosequi were entered
a statement of the grounds of the same ; and in the
cases of those persons who were arrested and not in-
dicted a statement of the authority by whom they
were discharged.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is that res-
olution confined to offenses againt the revenue
laws?
Mr. PORTER. Yes, sir; to violations of
the revenue laws.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
moieties received by revenue officers.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish to this House a statement of
moneys received as moieties by the supervisor, em-
ployes, and detectives connected with the office of
supervisor of internal revenue for the district of
Virginia since the 1st day of April, 1809, and whether
the same were received from the Treasury or from
the United State district and circuit courts of Vir-
ginia, with the nime, in each case, of the person
from whom these moneys accrued.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that his resolution had better be made general,
and not limited to Virginia.
Mr. PORTER. I prefer that it should stand
as it now is.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
issue of united states bonds.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolutions for adoption
now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House if any bonds of the
United States have been issued by his order, or if
such issuance is intended, to any Indian tribes or
other parties, under pretense of any existing treaty,
without the consent or direction of Congress; also,
the amount of the principal of said bonds, the time
they are to run, tho amount of interest promised,
and by what act of Congress, if any, the same were
authorized. , . '
Resolved. That the Executive has no authority to
issue bonds of the United States, or to pay principal
or interest thereon out of the Treasury, without
appropriate legislation by Congress first had, author-
izing the same.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is too important a
matter to pass in this manner.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I will ask that the
first resolution shall be passed, asking for
information.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not object if the
gentleman will modify by striking out the word
"pretense" and substitute " provision " for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I doubt if there is a
quorum present.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask leave to make a
single remark by way of explanation, and then
I think no gentleman will object, at least to
tho first resolution. I understand that the
Attorney General has filed an opinion with the
Secretary of the Treasury that under a certain
treaty made with the Choctaws the amount of
$250,000 in the bonds of the United States can
be issued to them without leave of the legis-
lative department of the Government.. I do
not think that is a safe power to be exercised,
and 1 want to obtain the facts in regard to the
matter. Secondly, I want the House to de-
clare that without the authority of- Congress
there is no power to take money dut-of thp
Treasury of the United States. I am willing
that the second resolution shall be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, if the first,
calling for information, can be passed. And
furthermore, action should be taken now, as I
understand the issue of the bonds is about to
be consummated.
Mr. ELDR.IDGE. I have no objection to
tho first resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall object to the first
resolution uuless the word '• pretense" is
changed to "provision," go that it will read
" under provision of any existing treaty," &c.
Mr. SARGENT. Iwill modify the first reso-
lution as indicated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maysard.]
The resolution as modified was then adopted.
• Mr. SARGENT. I move that the second
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
ocean telegraph cables.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to giye notice that
at the proper time I shall submit a resolution
to rescind the resolution adopted this morning
discharging the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and other committees of this House from the
further consideration of the subject of ocean
telegraph cables.
alexander lazenby.
Mr. BOOKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2684) to remove all
civil and political disabilities from Alexander
Lazenby, and others, of the State of Virginia ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
ocean mail steamships.
Mr. REEVES. At the request of a citizen
of the State of New York, I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill to encourage the
building of steamships in the United States,
and to provide for the transportation of the
United States mails to Europe by steamships
built in the United States. I ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JULIAN. Does the bill provide for a
graut of public land?
Mr. REEVES. Itdoesnot; itprovidesfor
a subsidy, to which I am opposed.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No.
2685) was received, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
statistics of manufactures.
Mr. WELLS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to have compiled in tabular form a state-
ment showing tho aggregate amount of maiiutao-
tures of ail kinds in each city and village m the
United States having a population of ten thousand
persons and upward, as sbown by the census 0118/0;
also a similiar statement for each city and village
having a population of five thousand and under tea
thousand, as shown by said census, such statements
to exhibit tho capital nnd the number of persons
employed in said manufactures, as well as the value
of the products thereof, and the number of persons
residing in said cities and villages respectively, and
to transmit thesameto this House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I doubt whether we better
pass that resolution now.
Mr. MERCUR. I object to it.
kobe lit ii. fletciier.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 2686) for the relief of
Robert H. Fletcher; which wa? read a first
and second time, and referred to the vonmii ■
tee on Patents.
joint resolution si6ked.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a jomt resolution of
