390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 440) to enable
Robert C. Schenck, United States minister to
Great Britain, to employ a private amanuensis.
dominica.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Houne of Representatives :
I transmit to the House of Kepresentatives, in
answer to their resolution of the 5th instant, a report
from the Secretary of State, with the accompanying
documents. U. S. GRANT.
"Washington, D. C.. January 9,1871.
The SPEAKER. This is information called
for by the House in relation to the republic of
Dominica.
• Mr. BANKS. I move that the message and
accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
mission at paris.
• Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
a letter from the Secretary of State in refer-
ence to expenditures for the mission at Paris ;
which, with the accompanying documents, was
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
stamped envelopes.
Mr. DAWES also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Appropri-
ations aletter from the Postmaster General, in
reference to expenses of preparing stamped
envelopes; which was ordered to be printed
and recommitted.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, Mr. Woodward, asks by letter,
addressed to the Chair, for leave of absence
till the 20th instant; the gentleman from Min-
nesota, Mr. Wilkinson, by a telegraphic dis-
patch, asks leave of absence for ten days; and
the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Knott,
desires indefinite leave of absence. If there
be no objection these requests will be granted.
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
North Carolina, Mr. Dockery, desired me to
obtain for him leave of absence till the 16th
instant.
Leave was granted.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to recon-
sider all votes by which bills and joint reso-
lutions have been referred or recommitted
since the morning hour to-day ; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
simon gerstman.
_Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the Committee of Claims the papers in the
case of Simon Gerstman.
And then, on motion of Mr, DICKEY, (at
fouro'clockand fifty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Thefollowing petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The memorial of Agnes
Hinshillwood, praying for the passage of an
act allowing her back pension from the death
of her son, George C. Hinshillwood, to the
date of her pension csrtificate.
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of Thomas
Williamson, colored, 27 other male colored cit-
izens, and a large number of citizens, all of the
State of Tennessee, asking Congress to secure
for the children of their State the "inesti-
mable blessings of a common-school educa-
tion."
Also, the petition of S. F. Blair and 00
others, citizens of the State of North Carolina,
asking for aid to secure common-school edu-
cation at the South.
By Mr. BANKS: The application of Rufus
R. Asbury, of the State of Georgia, for removal
of political disabilities.
Also, the application of Francis Logan, of
the State of Georgia, for removal of political
disabilities.
Also, the application of A. J. Comer, of the
State of Georgia, for the removal of political
disabilities.
Also, the application of Thomas J. Haral-
son, ot the State of Georgia, for the removal
of political disabilities.
Also, the application of William H. Logan,_
of the State of Georgia, for the removal of
political disabilities.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The petition of Lucretia
A. Nash, of Louisville, Kentucky, for pension.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of A. M.
Waddell, of North Carolina, for removal of
disabilities.
By Mr. KELSEY: The claims of Horace C.
Turner, for payment for quartermaster stores;
of Frederick Foote, for the same ; of William
Wilson, for the same; and of John A. Wilson,
for the same.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of Freeland
Haston, of Clark county, Indiana, a soldier
in the Mexican war, for a pension for services
as such.
By Mr. KNAPP: The memorial of Morris
L. Farrington, asking for back pension due
for the services of his father during the war
of 1812,
By Mr. LYNCH : The petition of Mary R.
Loring and Eliza Wood, to extend the act
requiring application for pensions to be made
within five years.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Eliza A. Hewlett,
for pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Caro-
line Erwin, widow of William B. Erwin, de-
ceased, late soldier of company C, fifth Ten-
nessee infantry, praying Congress for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of Jessup
& Moore, paper manufacturers and merchants
of Philadelphia.
By Mr. PL ATT: A petition for the removal
of disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment from William J. Downes, of Nottaway
county, Virginia; of Ernest Wiltz, of Rich-
mond, Virginia; of William F. Farrar, of
Prince Edward county, Virginia; of Elish B.
Wagener, of Craig county, Virginia; and of
Martin Hoffman, of Craig county, Virginia.
Also, the petition of the Norfolk and Euro-
pean Steamship Company, for subsidy.
!Also, the petition of John A. Parker, for
compensation.
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition of John
H. Scruggs, formerly a private of the "life
guard" of General Jackson in the war of
1812, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Dr. David J. Griffiths,
late surgeon of the second Kentucky infantry,
and medical director, staff of General Sheri-
dan, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petitions of J. W. Johnson, James
Everett, James Thomas Cox, O. Fisher, P.
M. Fisher, D. D. Holman, James J. Hol-
man, N. N. Cox, Jesse G. Wallace, and W.
S. McLemore, of the State of Tennessee, for
the removal of their legal and political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of William
Ward, of Morgan county, Kentucky, praying to
be relieved of political disabilities.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Nevada county, and a petition of citizens
of Sierra county, California, for the passage
of the "Julian bill" in relation to swamp
lands.
By Mr. SHAFER: A memorial from the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Idaho,
to increase the compensation of members and
attaches of the Legislature.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Messrs. Applegate, Pomford & Co.,and many
other business firms, relative to printiDg envel-
opes by the Government.
notice of bills.
The following notice for leave to introduce
bills was given under the rule :
By Mr. HAMILTON: A bill to establish
the following mail routes in Florida: from
Miccosukie, via Station Two, to Rome, Leon
county; also, from Live Oak; via Clayland
and Moseley's Ferry, to Cook's Hammock ;
also, from Waldo, via Goodson's, Alachua
county, and Seykes, Putnam county, to Orange
Springs, Marion county.
By Mr. SPINK : A bill to establish certain
post routes in the Territory of Dakota.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 10, 1871,
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
iiarvev d. scott,
The bill (II. R. No. 2026) for the relief of
Harvey D. Scott, of Indiana, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the present consid-
eration of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The lull will be
read, when its consideration will be subject to
objection.
The bill was read. Its preamble recites that
there is due from the Government of the tin-
ted States to Harvey D. Scott $434 40, for his
■per diem and mileage as commissioner for the
examination of the first t.en miles of the Min-
nesota Valley railroad, in 1865, under the ap-
pointment of the Secretary of the Interior ;
and that by the first section of the civil appro-
priation act, approved July 15, 1870, this sum
of money was appropriated to pay his per diem
and mileage for this service, but by mistake
the examination was described as having taken
place in the year 18G6 instead of 1865. The
bill, therefore, proposes to amend so much of
the act recited as describes the examination
to have been made in 1866 instead of 1865,
and to direct the appropriation therein made
to be construed to apply to the examinaiion
in 1865.
The bill was considered, as in Committee of
the Whole, by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not object because
I know my friend from Indiana never would
have asked such a thing unless it was very plain
indeed ; but perhaps it is better that the record
should show that some Senator gave some good
reason for this bill not going to a committee.
Mr, PRATT. Mr. President, I will state that
I conferred with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims yesterday; we looked over this
bill together, and he was satisfied, on its exam-
ination, that the bill should be put upon its pas-
sage without any reference to his committee.
It is within my own recollection—Mr. Scott
being a citizen of my own State—that this ap-
propriation was made at the last session, the
only error consisting in describing the year in
which the services were rendered. There was
a mistake of one year, and the sole purpose of
this bill is to correct that error, inasmuch as
the accounting officers of the Treasury refuse
to make payment as the law now stands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BAYARD. I present the petition of
Bougbman, Thomas & Co., and others, citizens
