1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18-29
eecond Indiana battery, for one horse lost iu .
the service;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 209) authoriz-
ing the President to nominate and, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to ap-
point Lyman G. Spaulding a master in the
Navy of the United States ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 277) for the
relief of settlers on the public lands ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 286) to close
the accounts of R. E. De Russy, late colonel
■corps of engineers; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 313) author-
izing the nomination and appointment to the
retired list of the Navy of certain volunteer
•officers on the active list of the Navy who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 325) artiendatory of an act
■entitled " An act to further provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
the State of Nevada," approved June 8, 1868;
A bill (S. No. 887) for the relief of Rebecca
J. Shepherd, of Philadelphia; and
A bill (S. No. 1340) for t.he relief of Alger-
non S. Cadwallader, late collector of internal
revenue and disbursing agent, fifth district of
Pennsylvania.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
{H. R. No. 3064) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes; which was ordered to be printed
with the communications accompanying it
from the Department of the Interior, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
WITHDRAWAL OP JPAPBRS.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That Chauncy M. Loekwood have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers from the files
'of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. ROSS, it was
Ordered, That H. B. Denman have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have been informed,
since I came into the Chamber from a neces-
sary absence, that I have been appointed a
member of the conference committee on the bill
(S. No. 995) for the relief of purchasers of
lands sold for direct taxes in the insurrectionary
States. If that is so, I ask to be excused from
serving on that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has no information of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. 1 withdraw
the motion for a moment until I can find out.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said: I .find
that I have been appointed a member of that
conference committee, and I ask to be excused
from serving on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont will be excused, if no objection
is made.
DUTY ON COAL.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 521) repeal-
ing duty on coal was read a first time by its
title.
Mr. VICKERS. I object to the second read-
ing of that joint resolution to-day.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration .of the naval appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 2789) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations will be acted upon as they are reached
in the reading of the bill, if there be no objec-
tion.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 4, line eighty-one,
in the appropriations for the Norfolk navy-
yard, to strike put the words " for chief
accountant, $1,800."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
eighty-six, to reduce the total amount of ap-
propriations for the Norfolk navy-yard from
$9,200 to $7,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, lines
one hundred and fourteen and one hundred
and fifteen, to increase the appropriation for
the Naval Asylum from $6,852 to $7,236.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred and twenty, to reduce the appro-
priation "for protection of timber lands" from
" ),000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, line
two hundred and forty-five, to increase the
appropriation for pay of one clerk in Naval
Observatory from $1,500 to $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, line
two hundred and forty-seven, in the appropri-
ations for the Naval Observatory, to strike out
the words "aids or," and in line two hundred
and forty-eight to insert "five hundred" before
the word "dollars;" so that the clause will
read, "for three assistant observers, $4,500."
The amendment was .agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, after
line two hundred and fifty, in the appropri-
ations for the Naval Observatory, to insert the
following:
For purchase of chronograph. $500.
For computation for theory and tables of the moon,
$2,000.
For preparing instruments for observation of
transit of Venus, $2,000.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment as a proviso to that amendment:
Provided. That this and all other appropriations
made for the observation of the transit of Venus
shall be expended subject to the approval of the
Secretary ot the Navy, under the direction of a com-
mission to be composed of the Superintendent and
two of the professors of mathematics of the Navy
attached to the Naval Observatory, the president
of the National Academy of Sciences, and the super-
intendent ot the Coast Survey, for which service they
shall not receive any compensation.
The amendment' to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out, under the
head of " Bureau of Ordnance," lines two hun-
dred and sixty-nine and two hundred. and
seventy, "for .ten fifteen-inch guns to meet
contingencies, $70,000."
Mr. CRAGIN.' I hope this amendment will
not prevail. This item is recommended by
the Navy Department and by the Bureau of
Ordnance, and is regarded as quite important.
It is well known that the life of a gun is five
hundred rounds. Many of the fifteen-inch
guns now in use have been used so long that
they will soon be unfit to use under this test
which has been established. I hope that this
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations were conscious that we had a great many
guns of pretty large caliber, perhaps not so
many in number of this very large caliber,
fifteen-inch guns, as of some ot those approxi-
mating to it, as the ten or twelve inch guns.
We were of opinion that in these warlike times,
when experiments are being uied in other
nations, and improvements are going on so
rapidly, propably by deferring the appropria-
tions for this purpose to another year we
may have more specimens upon which to
experiment, and experiment to greater effect.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines two hundred and
seventy-one and two hundred and seventy-two,
to strike out "twenty-five hundred" before
" barrels" and to insert " twelve hundred and
fifty" in lieu thereof, and to strike out
"$50,000" and insert " $25,000;" so as to
make the clause read "for twelve hundred
and fifty barrels of gunpowder, $25,000."
The ameudment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and eighty-two, to reduce the "appro-
priation for experiments in ordnance" from
$25,000 to $15,000.
Mr. CRAGIN. I should like to have the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
give the reason for this amendment. I believe
$25,000 was the amount of the estimate. It
is of no use to have guns uuiess they can be
tested.
Mr. COLE. I supposed the fact of reducing
the number of guns asked for was a sufficient
reason on the part of the committee for offer-
ing a less appropriation for experiments with
them. If the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs has information to the effect that
this is absolutely or indispensably necessary,
he can state it; but I think that, for mere
experiment, this amount of $15,000 ought to
be regarded as sufficient. I believe there are
other appropriations in the bill which may be
used for this same purpose, not perhaps under
the head of ordnance, but under some other
head.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines two hundred and eighty-four to two hun-
dred and ninety-one, in the following words:
For improvements atthe magazine, Boston,$13,678;
at the niter depot. Maiden, $7,360; at the magazine,
Ellis's Island, New .York, $26,700; at the Washington
navy-yard, 430,000; at the magazine, JVashington,
$.12,000; (it the magazine. Norfolk, $1,000.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend that amend-
ment so as to read, "for improvements of
niter depot, Maiden, $7,360; for magazine at
Norfolk, $1,000;" striking out the portions
which relate to Boston, New York, and Wash-
ington city.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from.
California, from the Committee on Appropri-
ations, recommends a modification of thi?
amendment so as to strike out only a portion
of the items. The amendment will be so
modified, and the question is on the amend-
ment as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The two items
mentioned by the Senator will remain in the
bill and the other items will be stricken out.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was t9 strike out lines two
hundred and ninety-one to two hundred and
ninety-three, "for the construction of two
iron-plated torpedo-boats, $600,000."
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope the Committee on
Appropriations are now satisfied that this
appropriation should be made, and that this
amendment ought not to prevail. I do not
wish to occupy any time on this bill; .but cer-
tainly this is one of the most important things
in it for the benefit of the service. It is well
known that this torpedo service is an experi-
mental one, and that it is now being experi-
mented with in almost all the countries of the
world. Of course these experiments, as far
as our Government is concerned, are carried
on in secret; but there is reason to believp
that great progress has been made. The chief
of the Bureau of Ordnance recommended that
| five torpedo-boats be built for the purpose of
j experiment and to ascertain which would be
I the best model. The House of Representa-
