1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
tives have provided in the bill that two be
built at a price not exceeding $000,000. _ If
this torpedo service is a success it certainly
will be a great economy, for ifoneof these boats
costing $800,000 will destroy an iron-clad or a
monitor that cost a million or two of dollars,
it will readily be seen that it will lead to a great
reduction in the expense of building vessels.
That it will do this there is no doubt. I have
before me a report of the Secretary of the Navy
on this subject, which I desire to read, but will
not, hoping that the committee will allow this
amendment to be rejected.
Mr. COLE. The proposition of the com-
mittee to strike out this item is in the direc-
tion of economy. The cost ot these boats, it
will be seen, is very considerable. I am aware
that the Department estimated for five boats
of this kind at some sixteen hundred thousand
dollars cost, and the House sent us the bill
with two of them provided for at a cost of
$000,000, or $300,000 each. We cannot close
our eyes, to the fact that we have a great
many useless vessels afloat, a great many lying
in the dock-yards and at the navy-yards and
in the various harbors belonging to the Gov-
ernment; they cost a very large sum of money,
and are now of no use whatever. Many of
these vessels were constructed forexperimental
purposes; they were merely to present some
idea which parties had who led in their con-
struction. This proposition to build two tor-
pedo-boats is in its character experimental.
It may be true—I doubt not, it is in all respects
true—that other nations are going into these
experiments; but whether it would not be
well for the Government of the United States
to wait at least for a year longer before enter-
ing on these experiments is a question that
■was or. the minds of the committee. We
are borne down with public debt; we have a
great many pressing claims of which the Sec
l'Gtary of the Navy is conscious, and of which
the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs is also conscious; we are struggling
under a load of indebtedness ; and we are told
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance
that, there is agreat danger of a deficit. With
these considerations, which I presume were
considerations that influenced the committee,
I submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would rather strike this
$000,000 from almost any other part of the bill
than this. Torpedoes are to be to the iron-
clad navy precisely what the iron clad navy
has been to ilie wooden navy. It is the cheap-
est means of defense. A torpedo can be con-
structed and put upon a pole thirty feet long
which will destroy any vessel that floats, with-
out hurling the persons at the other end of the
pole. The experiments that have been made
are very interesting and very important; but
necessarily they must be kept secret. These
torpedo-boats are being constructed to run
under water almost entirely, with a little sur-
face exposed, like the upper part of a spoon,
so that, n ball striking it. cannot impinge at an
angle where it will produce any great damage,
but will glance off. In no way can we protect our
harbors, in no way can we avoid the expense
of great naval establishments so well as by
these torpedo-boats. 1 think that, this pro-
vision is exactly in the direction of economy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike this paragraph from
the bill.
The amendment was rejected—ayes six,
noes not couuted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line two hundred and
ninety eight., to reduce from $20,000 to $10,000
the appropriation "for the purpose of manu-
facturing of electrical machines, galvanic bat-
teries, and insulated wires."
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope this amendment will
not prevail, and also the one in the fallowing
paragraph. These are both connected with
the same subject, the subject of torpedoes and
experimenting in wires, batteries, and those
matters. If we are to continue the experi-
ments, certainly these appropriations, as they
came from the House of Representatives, are
very small indeed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line three
hundred and two, to reduce the appropriation
"for the purchase of copper, iron, wood, and
other materials necessary for the manufacture
of torpedoes, and for work on the same,"
from $18,000 to $10,000.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in lines three hun-
dred and ten and three hundred and eleven, to
strike out " two clerks, at $1,700 each," and
insert " one clerk."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and twenty-three, to reduce the appropri-
ation from $3,925,000 to $3,500,000 "for the
preservation of vessels," purchase of materials
and stores, and other items for the Bureau of
Construction and Repair.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and twenty-Sve. to strike out " Ports-
mouth " and insert "Kittery " as the descrip-
tion of a navy-yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tion for the civil establishment of the navy-
yard at Boston, to strike out "second clerk to
naval constructor" in line three hundred and
thirty-live, and to reduce the total amount in
lines three hundred and thirty-six and three
hundred and thirty-seven from $8,300 to
$7,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the three hundred and
thirty-eighth line, to insert after the word
" yard " the word " Brooklyn in lines three
hundred and forty-one and three hundred and
forty-two to strike out the words " secondclerk
to naval constructor;" and in line three hun-
dred and forty-three to strike out the words
"eight thousand three" and insert "seven
thousand one;" so as to make the clause read:
At tho navy-yard, Brooklyn, New York : for
draughtsman to naval constructor, SI.400; clerk to
naval constructor, inspector of timber, and time
clerk, at SI,500 each, and clerk of store-houses, at
81,200 each. $7,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was underthe head of " Bureau
of Steam Engineering," to insert after the
word "dollars," in line three hundred and
seventy, the following proviso :
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
bo expended on account of naval engines contracted
for during the war.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out of lines three hundred and seventy and
three hundred and seventy-one the words "part
of this appropriation" and inserting "money
appropriated by this act;" so as to read :
Provided, That no money appropriated by this
act shall be expended on account of naval engines
contracted for during the war.
Mr. COLE. I do not know that there is any
objection to that, but we are appropriating for
the future, and I think there is no necessity for
any such amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It merely enlarges our
amendment a little.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what the scope
and intention of the Senator from Alabama is
in proposing it.
Mr. SPENCER. The object of it is to pre-
vent any money being paid out on these old
claims.
Mr. COLE. I think the matter should have
been presented to the committee for consider-
ation. I do not know exactly what will be the
effect of this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. NYE. I hope that amendment will not
prevail. It seems to me to be entirely super-
fluous. It does not strengthen the provision
at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. This may operate as a notice
to the Senate not to put on anything in the
past as has been done on other bills.
The VICE PRESIDEN 1\ The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill.
The next amendment was in lines four hun-
dred and twenty and four hundred and twenty-
one to reduce from $1,547,000 to $1,250,000
the appropriation "for provisions for the offi-
cers, seamen, and marines."
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. I hold in my hand a letter
from the chief of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing, from which I will read only a few
lines, it appears that the amount in the bill
as it came from the House is exactly in accord-
ance with the estimate. The chief ot the
bureau says:
" The estimate of the bureau was based on the cost
of the ration, at forty cents. The law allows to every
officer and man on board ship one ration per day.
Those who do not draw the ration in kinrl are allowed
thirty cents per day m money. It is impossible to
say what will bo the price next year of the articles
composing the ration. So the estimates are necessa-
rily only proximate; but only a sufficient sum is
drawn from the Treasury to pay for the-articles pur-
chased and the balance remains in the Treasury to
be carried to the surplus fund, as it cannot be used
for any other purpose."
I hope this amendment will not prevail.
This appropriation is simply for provisions for
the officers and seamen.
Mr. COLE. I understood the Senator from
New Hampshire to say that the appropriation
was in accordance with the estimate. I be-
lieve there may be some little mistake about
that. I find in the book of estimates that in
connection with the other item the whole
amounts to $1,500,000; but last year the
appropriation for that same purpose was
$741,050. The amount that the committee
allowed to remain in the bill approximates that
amount; and unless some good reason can be
given wby the amount should be so much more
this j ear than last I think the amendment of
the committee ought to be adhered to. I
believe the report of the committee on this
item is nearer correct than the amount which
is in the bill as it came from the House." As
to the next item, I think there will be no dis-
pute as to that. I think we shall yield that.
It is the appropriation of $250,000 for the pur-
chase of clothing and clothing materials ; but.
this item of provisions, &c., 1 think ought to
remain as it came from the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations reducing this item.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out in lines four
hundred and twenty-three and four hundred
and twenty four "for purchase of clothing
and clothing materials, $250,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands the Committee on Appropriations do
not press this amendment.
Mr. COLE. They do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as disagreed to, and the para-
graph will remain in the bill. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
