THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the Constitution in this, let it so report. Stacks
of petitions almost mountain high must be
in the rooms of that committee. If it is to
deprive a certain class of persons who do not
believe in the Christian religion of their rights,
and thus conflict with the Constitution of the
United States, or with the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, let the com-
mittee so report, andjet the people understand
this question.
So far as I am concerned, I must say that
this nation is too much indebted to the Chris-
tian religion for its national superiority for it
to ignore Christianity. This is the religion
which aroused our fathers in the old country
and caused them to migrate to this continent
and to lay here the foundations of religion and
freedom. It crossed the ocean with our Pil-
grim fathers; it has carried our institutions to
the distant frontier; it has erected temples
dedicated to the true God. The spirit of its
philanthropy has-filled our land with colleges
and schools. Its benevolence has established
institutions for the relief of the disabled and
the diseased, and for the amelioration of our
race. And now, sir, nine tenths of the people
of my State demand that there shall be an
amendment to the Constitution by which the
supremacy of God shall be acknowledged by
this great nation to that Being to whom we are
indebted for all that we are—for our successes
in many wars, and for the establishment of
equal rights and liberty throughout the land.
I will not say now what course I shall pur-
sue upon this question; but I do say that this
subject-matter has been brought before Con-
gress long enough, and that it is time that
some report should be made upon the subject.
Mr. President, I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
repoiits of committees.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was recom-
mitted the bill (II. R. No. 2414) ceding juris-
diction to the State of Ohio, to report it back
with an amendment, and I give notice that I
shall endeavor to call up the bill to-morrow
morning.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. 11.
No. 2411) supplementary to an act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes, reported
it adversely, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1605) to authorize
the President to accept the resignation of
judges of any conrt of the United States, to
report it back with amendments; and I ask
for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported in full, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, let us hear the
amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments will be read.
The CniEF Clerk. The first amendment is
in lines five and six, to strike out the words
"who shall have held his commission as such
for not less than ten years;" so that the clause
will read:
That tha President is hereby authorized and em-
powered to accept the resignation of any judge of
anyoourt of the United States, whenever satisfac-
tory proof shall bs laid before him, &e.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are other
amendments reported by the committee. The
bill is still subject to objection until the amend-
ments are reported.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regard that bill as quite
too important to be disposed of in the morn-
ing hour, and 1 must say that I am wholly
unprepared to consider or act upon it now.
I trust that it may lie over until some other
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects to the present consideration
of the bill; but if there be no objection it will
be read as proposed to be amended by the com-
mittee, so that its character may be disclosed
to the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
by the committee, the bill will read :
Be it enacted, &c„ That the President is hereby
authorized and empowered to aooept the resigna-
tion of anyjudge of any court of the United States,
whenever satisfactory proof shall be laid before him
that such judge is, from physical or other infirmity,
permanently disabled from performing efficiently
the duties of his said office: Provided, That the
judge whose resignation shall be so acceptcd shall
thereafter, during the residue of his natural life,
receive the same salary which was by law payable
to him at the time of his resignation, unless such
judge shall accept some office of profit under the
United States, or any State, in which event such
salary shall cease; Provided further. That nothing
in this act, or in any other act contained, shall be
authorized to extend to any judge other tban a judge
the tenure of whose offiee is during good behavior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California desires the bill to lie over. It will
be printed and go on the Calendar,
bills intkoduued.
Mr. JEWETT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1186) to organize the territory of Oklahoma
and consolidate certain Indian tribes under
territorial government; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1187) for the relief of the heirs of Andrew
White; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave, without
previous notice, to introduce a bill which has
been handed me by a gentleman from the other
House. I have not had time to examine the
bill, and therefore do not wish to be under-
stood as favoring it at all by its introduction.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1188) to approve a
certain law of the Territory of Montana; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories,and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1189) to authorize the Secretary of War
to negotiate for the construction of a telegraph
line to the military posts on the Missouri river;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1190) to create an additional land district in the
State of California; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1191) to remove political disabilities; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 277) for the relief of
settlers on the public lands; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 278) authorizing
the President to appoint a commission to de-
termine the claims for damages committed
upon our commerce by British cruisers ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. Parties deeming them-
selves aggrieved request me to introduce a
joint resolution, which I now ask leave to do.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 279)
relating to goods purchased for importation
priorto January 1, 1871; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. I move the reference
of the joint resolution to the Committee on
Finance; and I have a letter here which I
should like to go with the bill to ihe committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The accompany-
ing papers will be referred, with the joint reso-
lution, to the Committee on Finance.
miami indian lands.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to transmit to the Senato
copies of all correspondence in relation to the dis-
posal of the lands known as the Miami Indian reser-
vation in Kansas, or any part thereof, had since and
including the year 1865, together with abstracts of
all transfers of such lands to Indians or other per-
sons which may have required the approval of tho
Secretary of the Interior or may be of record in that
Department.
kemoval of disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1148) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities itrTposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which proposes to remove
all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, by reason of participation
in the late rebellion, from the following named
persons : I. S. G. Richardson, Sumter county,
South Carolina; W. T. Thorn, Spartanburg
county, South Carolina ; D. P. Hogue and Cal-
vin Gillis, Florida ; Robert H. Taylor, Fannin
county, Texas.
Mr. SAWYER. The urgency for this bill in
regard to the first-named person, I. S. G. Rich-
ardson, of Sumter county, South Carolina, is
that he is a gentleman who has been selected
as the reporter of the decisions of the supreme
court of South Carolina, and his place is a
very difficult one to fill in our State. He had
no connection whatever with the rebellion,
except so far as his sympathies went. He has
been a cripple for twenty years and could take
no active part in it. The removal of his dis-
abilities is asked by the Legislature of South
Carolina and by a large number of prominent
men there.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator whether,
if he has done nothing but sympathize with the
rebellion, he has any political disabilities that
need be removed? Was it a crime to sympa-
thize?
Mr. SAWYER. He aided and abetted,
counseled and encouraged. lie does not re-
gard himself as able to take the oath of office
required in South Carolina.
Mr. POMEROY. Did he do anything to
aid the rebellion ?
Mr. SAWYER. He may have invested his
money in confederate bonds.
Mr. POMEROY. Did he do it?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know the fact. I
only know that there is a petition from him.
He asks to have his disabilities removed, and
hence I infer that he labors under political
disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. That is whittling it down
pretty fine.
Mr. SAWYER. He will not take the oath
of office until his disabilities are removed ; he
considers himself under disabilities; and it is
important to the State of South Carolina that
they should be removed. The same is true
of the other South Carolina gentleman, Mr.
Thorn, who has been elected to the office of
school commissioner in his county. In regard
to the other names, which are from Florida
and Texas, I am assured that their petitions
are on file, as are those of the two gentlemen
