1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
bill, or something like it, should become a
law. We need some general provisions on the
subject. Now we are at sea; there is nothing.
Here you have a little code, not of any great
length, but one which meets the ease, and you
have also at the end provisions for the protec-
tion of cables, providing for the punishment of
those who injure them. We need some such
remedial legislation as that. I hope my friend
will not pursue his idea now.
Mr. NYE. I have no enmity to this bill;
but as we are now entirely in the hands of
English capitalists in our telegraphic opera-
tions, and as we are legislating for them, I pro-
pose to have them do precisely what other
parties propose to do, what solvent companies
are willing to do, to engage with this Govern-
ment and the world to transmit these mes-
sages at the rate of five dollars for a message
of ten words; and I am not disposed to leave
ourselves in the hands of this monopoly.
Let me give the Senate an instance. A few
weeks ago the report came to us that one of
the telegraphic wires was broken. I have read
article after article in the newspapers—I do
not know what truth there is in them—saying
that the line is not broken at all; that these
wires are laid not more than four miles apart,
and that the place where they are on the Amer-
ican shore is as well known as any gen'.leman
knows where his garden is. These articles
state that the wire is not broken at all; but
the moment notice was given out that it was
broken they doubled the charge on everybody
who sends a message. They have had no diffi-
culty in getting the messages across, but the
people have had to pay twice as much as they
did before it was alleged that one of the wires
was broken. Now, sir, I am not disposed,
for one, while we are legislating for these peo-
ple, to leave ourselves entirely at the mercy
of the voracious maw of these English capi-
talists.
Mr. THURMAN. What are the rates now?
Mr. NYE. Fifteen dollars for ten words
since the breaking of the wire. It was $7 50
before; but now it is given out that one of the
wires is broken, and when the line weather
comes next summer they will look for it, and
then it will be a rough day. Sir, I am not
disposed to leave this matter in that way even
at the earnest solicitation of my kind friend
from Delaware. I tell you five dollars is a
large price ; and at that price they can make
dividends that will astonish the world ; double
the dividends that any capital in this country
makes. If we are going to legislate on this
subject I intend that we shall legislate a little
to protect our people against the exorbitant
prices now demanded by these British capi-
talists. I know it is not popular to say that,
because if I say that I shall be accused of
being an American entirely. But I venture to
interpose a word for the American people on
this question ; a word for you, Mr. President,
and a word for myself and other respectable
gentlemen. I hope my friend from Massa-
chusetts, in his desire to serve the American
people, which he always has, will consent to
this amendment. At any rate, I shall ask for
a vote of the Senate upon the question by
yeas and nays.
Mr. SCJMNER. No, no.
Mr. NYE. I want to see if the American
Senate will refuse, when they have got an
opportunity, to fix a tariff against the never-
ending desires of these foreign capitalists.
Mr. COLE. I renew the motion that I made
a few minutes ago.
Mr. CORBETT. Will the Senator from
California give way to allow me to introduce
a resolution of inquiry?
Mr. COLE. That can be introduced just as
well to-morrow morning. I am afraid I shall
lose the floor if I give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we shall not get
through with this hill to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. If we adjourn on it it will
be the unfinished business, and it will be the
order for to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2524,
being the legislative, executive, and judicial
i appropriation bill,
| Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will
withhold that motion until six o'clock, so as
to give the Committee on Foreign Relations a
couple of hours for their reports. They will
not probably have another chance for the rest
of this session.
Mr. COLE. And very probably the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will have no chance
for the rest of this session for any one of its
bills.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator
from Massachusetts if he is in favor of sitting
here, obviously without a quorum, and trans-
acting business of this magnitude?
Mr. WILSON. It was said a few minutes
ago that we had not a quorum, but it turned
out that we had.
Mr. CONKLING. Exactly a quorum ; and
since then several Senators have left the Cham-
ber, and there is no quorum now.
Mr. WILSON. If there is no quorum we
should not stay here. t
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from California the
Senator from Maryland moves that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I did not intend to yield the
floor for that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I ask for a vote on my motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I now
renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California desires a vote on his motion, and
resumes his seat. The Senator from Maryland
now takes the floor and moves an adjourn-
ment. The question is on that motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Cameron, Cas-
seriy, Conkling, Corbett, Crascin, Fenton, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Howe. McDonald, Nye,
Sawyer, Stockton, and Vickers—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cole, Ross, Scott, Sumner,
Thurman, Warner, and Wilson—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott,Ames,Anthony,Brown-
low, Buckingham. Carpenter, Caftell, Chandler,
Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, How-
ell, Johnston, Kellogg. Lewi*. McCreery, Morrill of
Maine,Morrill ofVermont, Morton, Osborn,Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stearns, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Wiltey, Williams, and Yates—48.
So the motion was agreed to ; and ^at five
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 14, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
808) prescribing the oath to be taken by H.
V. M. Miller, Senator-elect from Georgia, in
which lie was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
settlers on public t.axds.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
that joint resolution of the Senate No. 205, in
relation to actual settlers on the public lands,
be taken from the Speaker's table for consid-
eration now.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 call for the regular
order of business.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a privileged question.
I submit a report from a committee of con-
ference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows
The committee of conference on the disagreeiag
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of tbe
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 253(3) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1872, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to reeom-
mend, and do recommend to theirrespective Houses,
as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 1, 2, and 6.
That the House of Representatives reeedo from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 3 and 4, and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fifth amendment of the
Senate, and agrree to the same with the following
amendment: in line two of the words inserted by
said amendment strikeout the word " and "after
"gas" and insert a comma after "coal" in same
line; and the Senate agree to the same.
JAMES B. BECK,
A. A. SARGENT.
JAMES S. N EG LEY.
Managers on the part of the House.
C. COLE.
IIENKY WILSON,
FRANK P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BECK. Before the vote is taken upon
this report I desire to make simply one remark.
The aggregate amount appropriated by this
bill as it went from the House has not been
changed by the Senate. The only changes
made by the Senate are in the details.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Has any new
matter been introduced into this bill ?
Mr. BECK. No new matter and no change
in the aggregate amount appropriated by the
House; only some changes in the details.
The report of the committee of conference
was then agreed to.
Mr. BECIv moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST SHEAFS VS. TILLMAN.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege, and call up for consid-
eration at this time the report of the Commit-
tee of Eleetions'in the contested-election ease
of Sbeafe vs. Tillman, from the fourth con-
gressional district of the State of Tennessee.
Mr. JUDD. I raise the question of con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will
be, " Will the House now proceed to the con-
sideration of the contested-election case of
Sheafe vs. Tillman ?"
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were ayes one hundred and four,
noes not counted.
So the House decided to proceed with the
consideration of the case.
The resolutions reported by the maj®rity
of the Committee of Elections were read, as
follows :
llesolved, That C. A. Sheafe was not duly elected,
and is not entitled to a seat in this House as a Rep-
resentative in the Forty-First Congress from the
fourth congressional district of the State of Ten-
nessee.
Resolved, That Lewis Tillman was duly elected as
Representative in the Forty-First Congress from the
fourth congressional district of the State of Tennes-
see, and is entitled to retain his seat as such.
Jleioltctl, That C. A. Sheafe having contested the
seat of Hon. Lewis Tillman as a Representative
in this House from the fourth congressional district
of the Stale of Tennessee, in good faith and wi'h
probable canse, there shall bo paid to him out of the
contingent fund of the House of Representatives
the sum of dollars, in fall for his oxpenses in
such contest.
The resolutions reported by the minority of
the Committee of Elections, and moved as a
substitute for the resolutions of the majority,
were read, as follows:
_ Resolved, That C. A. Sheafe was duly elected, and
is entitled to his peat in tUo Forty-Fiist Uongrosa as
