1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3€
I have named, and they are recommended by
the Senators from those States. I hope the
bill will pass.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire if this
bill has been reported by the Committee on
Disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER. It was reported by the Com-
mittee on Disabilities, and my colleague re-
quested me to urge it until it was passed.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have seen this mode of
removing of political disabilities pursued until
it has become disgusting to me, because I have
watched the progress which we have made in
this direction, and found that the very men
whose political disabilities we have generously,
as I think, removed, were within six months
afterwards fighting this Government and
Administration. I have known such men to
be ridiculing it in the cars when I have traveled
with them ; and yet they had had their polit-
ical disabilities removed by our votes. Those
that I have come in contact with have been
entirely unworthy of any such favor at the
hands of this Government. I want to know
whether the committee who have examined this
subject know that these persons have asked for
this relief, and whether they are such persons
as Congress contemplated, when they framed
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
should be embraced in relief from the disabil-
ities thereby imposed.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me to answer the question, I will do so. As
to the person of whom I spoke first, I. S. G.
Richardson, the removal of his1 disabilities is
petitioned for by our Legislature, which is
about three fourths Republican, by the Gov-
ernor, and by the heads of the bureaus of the
State administration, by the chief justice and
the associate justice of the supreme court, all
of whom are Republicans. This gentleman
himself has addressed a petition to Congress
in reference to the matter, asking for the relief,
and I confess I think it one of the best cases
I know.
I do not know what the Senator's experi-
ence may have been with regard to those per-
sons whom the Senator has met in his travels,
and who have been relieved of their political
disabilities; but, so far as our State is con-
cerned, I have known of no case in which the
great favor which has been granted to these
people has been abused. I would not vote
myself for the removal of the disabilities of a
particular individual unless I thought he was
deserving of such removal. But the fact that
he differs in political opinion from me, and is
not a Repnblican, I do not think a good rea-
son for refusing to remove his disabilities.
The politics of this particular individual I do
not know.
Mr. POMEROY. Neither do I. Butlcan-
not understand our friends from the South.
They are clamorous for removing political dis-
abilities one day, and then they want an act
passed to protect them from the rebels the next
day ; and they are constantly telling the Senate
and the country that life is not safe in their
States ; that there are assassinations and mur-
ders and robberies, and that rebellionis as ram-
pant as ever in the hearts of those men. Still,
day by day, bill after bill is brought in here,
not simply to relieve particular individuals, but
to relieve the whole of them ; and yet we are
constantly called upon to protect those people
from the very men whose political disabilities
they want removed.
Mr. FOWLER. That is when the elections
do not go right.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to call attention to
a slight flaw, as it seems to roe, in the logic of
the Senator from Kansas, and of a, great many
other people who talk about this business.
They seem to think that the disturbances and
outrages that occur in the South occur in con-
sequence of the removal of political disabilities.
Sir, the outrages which occur in the South
are undoubtedly in some cases encouraged and
connived at by men who labor under polit-
ical disabilities; butninety-nine hundredths of
all the people who are to-day rebels in sen-
timent and in act in the southern States are
men who labor under no political disabilities
whatever, who can hold State offices, and who
could hold national offices but for the test- ath.
Among them are many young men who went
into the war as minors, who have very little
education, because their studies were inter-
rupted by the opening of the rebellion and by
their going into the army, and have never been
resumed. And the question of the removal or
retention of the political disabilities i mposed by
the third clause of the fourteenth amendment
has, in my opinion, in the main, nothing to do
with the outrages which are-perpetrated in the
South. While we confess, sorrowfully confess
and acknowledge, that there are sections of the
South, including my 6wn State, where out-
rages of a murderous and terrible character
frequently occur, and that these outrages are
generally perpetrated by our political oppo-
nents, we do not admit that they come from
that portion of the people who have heretofore
enjoyed sufficient consideration in the com-
munity to have been placed under political
disabilities.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I think
all this difficulty about removing political dis-
abilities could be obviated by the distinct
enunciation of a principle, and a principle
which is to govern the action of both Houses
of Congress, and a principle which in heart
and secretly is cherished, no doubt, by many
members of both Houses of Congress. There
ought to be a test applied, and that test ought
to be, if Congress would be consistent: does
tlie person in whose behalf the application is
made for the removal of disabilities vote the
Republican ticket? That is the best possible
test of loyalty which could be applied, as I
think, if \ve are to consider the action of the
Republican party in Congress and out of it.
It makes no difference, as the history of legis-
lation shows, it makes no difference, as the
action of the Executive shows, what part any
individual may have taken in the late civil war.
He may have commanded armies in the field;
he may have invited his fellow-citizens by
thousands to march under his banner to fight
against your flag and to destroy your Union.
What of that, provided he votes the Repub-
lican ticket and shows fidelity to the Repub-
lican cause? What of that if liis voice be
changed, and if, though formerly he cried out
against you as the real traitors to the Consti-
tution and Government of the country, he
changes his voice and halloos out "Rebels"
now against his former associates? He has
had experience in the world. The leopard has
changed his spots; the Ethiopian has changed
his skin ; and he who was a flagrant trans-
gressor, attempting to destroy the Federal
Union—as you said, to destroy the life of this
great and glorious nation—has become a polit-
ical saint because you baptize him in the pool
of Republicanism! He comes out clean and
whole. No leper has gone into that hallowed
stream which you keep for the regeneration
of rebels but he comes out pure and spotless,
a patriot; and his voice will be heard amid
the hordes of patriotic hosts of which you, sir,
are such a bright example, exclaiming more
loudly than any of you, "Rebel! " "Traitor!"
"Kuklux!" Save us ! Save us! Send down
your military here, and protect us loyal men
from the outrages committed by rebels; pre-
serve the purity of the ballot-box that we polit-
ical saints, who present such a bright example
of virtue, may enjoy the loaves and fishes of
office!" .
Adopt, sir, the rale which I suggest; it will
be plain ; it will be simple. Everybody will
know then, if he would have his political dis-
abilities removed, what to do : " Bring forth
works meet for repentance; vote the Repub-
lican ticket; halloo 'Rebel' and 'kuklux'
against all your former associates, and here
is a certificate ready ; you shall have a certifi-
cate that whereas you were once blind, now
you see; whereas you were once a sinner, now'
you are a saint; whereas you were 'once in
danger of political perdition, the beautiful
gates and the golden streets of a new political
paradise are opened up to your vision, and
soon you shall enjoy, in all its fullness, the
bliss and the glory of the new habitation." • •
Mr. POMEROY. What the Senator referred
to I think would be one evidence of loyalty,
and a very good one, because the Democratic
party went into rebellion in the South as natur-
ally as a duck would run into the water. They
had an affinity for it. They had prepared for
it. The Democratic party went into rebellion
as directly as the States in their organized
capacity went into rebellion; and if a man
turns around now and repudiates that Demo-
cratic party it is one sign of loyalty, and it is
a good one. I do not say that that reason
should be put into the law ; I do not care any-
thing about so legislating in terms; butithelps
to make up his record, and it is no very small
record either. If the man repudiates the Dem-
ocratic party of the South, who bodily, in their
organized capacity, went into therebellion, and
tried to make it a success, there is nonetheless
sentence to be passed on the'Democratic party
in the North, so far as they sympathized with
the rebellion and aided and gave it counte-
nance.
Nov/, Mr. President, I say distinctly that
I am willing to vote for amnesty, universal
amnesty, when these men keep the peace and
help to make a good government, whether it is
Democratic or Republican. I want to know
that life and property are safe in the South;
that they respect organized society; and then,
if they want amnesty and ask for the removal
of political disabilities, I will not stand in the
way for a moment. I hold these men respons-
ible for the disorders of the South, and I do
not listen to prayers that come up here asking
to have disabilities removed and amnesty
granted so long as they encourage and give
aid and comfort to the disturbances and mur-
ders and riots that are all through the South.
That is why I say I am not going to vote this
amnesty indiscriminately, and why I will not
vote to remove political disabilities from any
one unless I know that he is entirely loyal,
and I want a better evidence of it than that he
still clings to the Democratic party.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is not
the first time that I have heard gentlemen on
this floor seek refuge from their positions by
au attempted assault upon the Democratic
party. Sir, that party can survive. Such
assaults have been made on the Democratic
party from its origin to the present time.
When it first arose men were found to speak
as disrespectfully of the Democratic party
as the Senator from Kansas speaks to day.
Throughout its whole progress from its birth,
during all its continuance in power, when it
was carrying the banner of constitutional gov-
ernment and civil liberty throughout all the
States and over all this continent, when the
greatest minds this country ever produced were
its champions, there were men either unwill-
ing or incapable of appreciating its glorious
mission.
Where, let me ask the Senator, would this
country have been had it not been for the
Democratic party? What is that^pew fledg-
ling to which he belongs? The party of yes-
terday, a mushroom which sprang up_ only a
few years ago, to go out of existence in 1872
and be remembered with the things that were,
and that were to the disgrace and the destruc-
tion of the American Government. What has
it ever done for this country? It hag never
added a foot of territory to it, and now seeks
to add a free negro soil, a little piece of terri-
tory called Dominica; to buy an earthquake
and say that they have done something for the
country! They have subverted every principle
of t.hc'Constitution which guaranties civil lib-
erty and the rights of the States, and have gone
