1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 1,
preamble that certain suits are now pending
in the United States courts within the State
of Tennessee, against certain railroad corpo-
rations in that State, on account of property
sold to these corpora-lions by the Government,
which suits are contested by the defendant
corporations ; and that it is for the interest
of the Government to speedily adjust and
collect the claims of the United States while
avoiding litigation and loss by the insolvency
of any such railroad. The bill therefore
proposes to enact that the Secretary of War
be authorized and required, if he shall deem
it advisable, by and with tke_ advice of the
counsel of record in such suits, to compro-
mise, adjust, and settle the same upon such
terms, as to amount and time of payment, as
may be just and equitable, and best calculated
to protect the interests of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where does that come
from?
Mr. THAYER. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; it is a House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill?
Mr.' STEWART. I should like to know
something about it. I do not want to obstruct
its passage, but I should like to know what it
is. I rather think we are sold out in tbe rail-
road business in the South altogether. I should
think these railroads ought to be able to take
care of their own suits.
. Mr. THAYER. Let me state that this is
to enable the Secretary of War 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. STEWART. I do not object if I can
understand what it is.
Mr. HARRIS. I am of opinion that the
bill ought not to pass, but I do not wish to
object to its consideration so as to prevent the
Senate acting on it.
Mr. RAMSEY. If this bill is objected to
I desire to call up a bill.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be made this bill will be regarded as
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole,
Mr. THAYER. There is no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. lias this bill come from
any committee ?
Mr. THAYER. It has come from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs with a unanimous
report, and has already passed the House
without objection. It is simply to authorize
the Secretary of War to collect certain debts,
with the advice of the counsel employed by
the Government, if he thinks proper. This
course has been advised by Judge Emmons,
of the circuit court. Suits are now pending,
and this proposition is to settle those suits and
avoid litigation. It was reported unanimously
by the Judiciary Committee of the House, and
by the Military Committee of this body.
Mr. CASSERLY. I see the chairman of the
Military Committee in his seat. I hope he will
tell us what he knows about this bill.
Mr. WILSON. There is a report on the sub-
ject which states the facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the report
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Tiiayeb on the 7th of Feb-
ruary, 1871:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom were
referred Senate resolution No. 178 and Senate bill
No. 827, providing for the collection of debts due the
United Siates froui certain southern railroad cor-
porations', and also flouso bill No. 1)96. which passed
the House of .Representatives February '2, 1871, and
is identical with Senate resolution No. 178, respect-
ful iy i court said laht-naiaed biii and lecommend its
parage.
The Senate resolution <'md the Senate bill provide
diflerem meciiou-ot (Lm.Iius? with and disposing of
the~la\v<ui[ ati'l eonli ows'sies existing between the
(xovemni'-ui and cerr iln southern railroads relative
to the claims or !iic United States for rolling stock
and othei property ?oid the companies when their
roads were returned to them after the close of the
war.
The Senate hill prohibits any Department or court
from entertaining any claim in favor of any railroad
company, in any of the States lately in rebellion,
for compensation for transportation or for use of its
road, or for damages done by military forces, or ior
property captured during the rebellion or prior to
the restoration of the road to the company.
For the purpose of avoiding litigation and contro-
versies which have arisen between the United States
and several companies, to which rolling stock was
sold under military orders at the time of the restor-
ation of the roads to the companies the bill author-
izes the President to appoint three commissioners
to hear and determine all controversies find claims
between the Government and the companies, what
amounts the companies owe, what time should be
allowed for payment in view of their financial con-
dition and the prior liens upon their roads, what
security for such payment can be obtained or should
be furnished, and what measures should be adopted
to secure and collect the claims of the United States;
and the President is authorized to adopt the meas-
ures recommended by the commissions for the pur-
pose of collecting the same.
The bill further provides that no company shall
have any advantage of the act, or he beard before
the commissioners, or have any remedies in the
courts, which shall fail, for four months after the
appointment of commissioners, to .file-with the Sec-
retary of War a copy of a resolution passed by the
stockholders, binding the company to stand to and
abide by the decision and report of the commission-
ers, as approved by the President, as if the same
were an award of an arbitrator upon a matter duly
submitted.
The bill also provides that the hearing before the
commissioners shall be closed within one year after
their appointment, that the sales of the rolling slock
and other property heretofore made shall be ap-
proved and confirmed, and that all adjustments
relative thereto shall proceed through the Secretary
of VVar.
The bill is substantially the satae as House bill No.
2178, reported June 9,1870, and recommitted, which
was devised by the Ilouso Co-mmittee on the Judi-
ciary after careful consideration of the subject, as
appears by House report of Juno 9, No, 78, which fully
discusses all the points involved in the bill, and in
the conclusions of which this committee substan-
tially concur.
The House bill No. 996, now reported back to the
Senato for passage, merely authorizes the Secretary
of War, if he shall deem it advisaWe, by and with
the advice of the counsel of record in the lawsuits,
to compromise, adjust, and settle the sa-me upon such
terms as to amount and time of payment as may be
just and equitable and best calculated to protect the
interests of the Government.
This bill was finally adopted by thellousecommit-
tee instead of the bill previously reported by them,
and passed the House of Representatives February
2, 1871.
It appears that after the restoration to theoriginal
companies by the President, under the advice of
Mr. Secretary Stanton, of the various southern rail-
roads which had been used by the UnitcdStates dur-
ing the war, and after the sale to the companies of
the rolling stock which had been used thereon, dif-
ferences and controversies arose between the com-
panies and theUoverninent relative to the amounts,
times, and modes of payment lor such rolling stock,
the companies owing the heaviest debts claiming
th:it the bonds executed by their officers were given
under military orders, and were therefore void; that
the pioperty delivered to them was overvalued by
the military boards, and setting up their inability to
mako prompt and full payment, by reason of their
embarrassed condition and their prior mortgage in-
debtedness 'to the State of 'Tennessee. They also
claim large offsets and allowances .which, with ap-
parent reason, they aver they were encouraged by
Miij or General Burnside, Maj or General Thomas, and
Quartermaster General Meigs to believe would be
allowed.
These differences and controversies have resulted
in suits brought by the Government against the East
Tennessee and Virginia railroad, the East Tennes-
see and (Joorgiarailroad, the Nashville and-Ohatta-
noogarailroad, and the Nashvillcand Northwestern
railroad, which suits are now pending in the circuit
court for the eastern district of Tennessee.
Many af the equities set up by the roads appear to
be well founded, and at all events, in ordei to avoid
litigation, which, if protracted, may result in tho
bankruptcy of the companies, with loss of all the
amounts claimed hy the Government, some legisla-
tion seems to the committee expedient. Action
under such legislation will obviate the necessity for
the decision by the courfesofmany inconvenient and
doubtful questions concerning the rights which cap-
ture vests in the United States, the obligations of
the Government to the owners of property taken
and used during the war, the validity and force of
bonds and agreements executed under alleged mil-
itary coercion, and other questions of similar char-
acter and gravity.
The provisions of the Senate bill are designed for
the compulsory settlement of the lawsuits by the
arbitration of a commission, which proceeding would
undoubtedly be preferable to continued litigation.
Bat it is now conceived that the Secretary oi War, if
duly authorized, may, without the intervention ofa
commission, eiiect a settlement which will tully pro-
tect tho intervals ot the Government. Such a set-
tlement, in view oi' the doubts arising: as to the suc-
cess of the. United States in the lawsuits, and as. to
the possibility, if successful, of collecting any judg-
ments of any magnitude if the prior liens of the State
ot Tennessee are eulorced, and in view of the many.
equities to which the companies are fairly entitled
it is clearly the privilege and duty of the Secretary,
if he deemsitadvisable, to make To give an oppor-
tunity for such a settlement without more extended
legislation, the committee have concluded to rec-
ommend the passage of the bill as passed by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I understand this
matter now to some extent. I move to amend
the bill by inserting in line five, after the words
"by and with the advice of the couusel of
record,'5 the words "for the United States and
the Attorney General of the United States ;,r
so that the Secretary of War, if he takes any
advice, shall take the advice of the counsel
of record for the United States and the Attor-
ney General of the United States.
Mr. THAYER. I accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
context read to which that apolies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theclause
will be read as it will stand, if amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Meantime I call for the
regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order is the naval appropriation bill,
OltDEK OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask for the pas-
sage of a bill from the Committee on Com-
merce to which there will be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I call for the regular
order against the Senator from Nebraska,- I
certainly must insist upon it against the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
Mr. COLE. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. CORBETT. There will be no discus-
sion on khis bill. If there is discussion, I will
withdraw it. It is Senate bill No. 1327.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent to pass
over the regular order informally for the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 1327) to create
ports of delivery at Eureka and Wilmington^
m California, and provides for the appoint-
ment of a deputy collector for Vallejo, Cali-
fornia, and to abolish the office of surveyor of
said port. Is there any objection?
Mr. COLE. I hope it will go over and that
we shall go on with the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regu-
lar order being called for, the naval appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. I would like to make an
appeal for the District of Columbia*
Mr. COLE. I cannot consent to yield for a
bill for my own State, and I must ask for the
regular order.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Vermont
withdraws his objection to House bill No. 99&
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to appeal to the
Senator from California. There are four or five
little cases from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary that I am sure ought not to be opposed,
and that I think will -not lead to discussion.
Mt. COLE. I call for theregular order, and
1 insist on it.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order being called for, it can only bedisplaced
by a motion to postpone.
Mr. COLE. I believe I have the llo'or on
the pending amendment. I had it at the time
of the recess.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield -to the Senator
from Newj3am.pahire?
Mr. COLE. I cannot yield.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to make a state-
ment with regard to the bill which I called up.
.Mr. COLE. I cannot yield for an argument
or a statement.
Mr. THAYER. I do not propose to make
an argument.
Mr. PATTERSON. I want to say a word
to "the Senator from California.
Mr.. THAYER. 1 believe! have .the floor.
