1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
there was a general belief in the county that
the Governor, by this proclamation, removed
the commissioner of registration for Lincoln
county from his office, and no appointment
of any commissioner having been made up to
the time of the election, many voters did not
attend the polls, not considering that any legal
election could be held until such appointment
had been made.
It further appears, sir, that on the 2d day
of November, 1868, the day preceding the
presidential election, the county court for the
county of Lincoln appointed one " C. S. Wil-
son to open and hold the election in Lincoln
county for President of the United States
and member of Congress, as the sheriff, F.
W. Keith, refused in open court to hold said
election for want of time." Said Wilson, act-
ing under this appointment, selected deputies,
judges, and clerks in seven of the twenty-five
districts in this county; and in those districts
only were elections held, and the returns were
made by said Wilson, and signed by him as cor-
oner, by which itappears that Tillman received
5, and Sheafe 554 votes. Contestant claims
that the act of the Governor in setting aside
the registration of Lincoln county was uncon-
stitutiotfal and void, and that by virtue of the
provision of the Code of Tennessee, section
eight hundred and thirty-nine, page 226, which
is as follows:
" The sheriff, or, if lie is a candidate, the coroner,
or, if there be no coroner, some person appointed by
the county court, shall hold all popular elections ;
and said officer or person shall appoint a sufficient
number of deputies to hold said elections."
The majority of the committee are of the
opinion that this act of 1868 superseded and
repealed the previous provision of the Code of
Tennessee. It is further claimed that this act
of the Governor of Tennessee was unconstitu-
tional and void 5 that the Governor of Tennes-
see had no right either to appoint or remove
the comtnissionei; of registration or to annul
the registration of any county. It is a ques-
tion whether this proclamation of the Gov-
■ernor did have the effect of removing the com-
missioner. If it did have the effect of remov-
ing the commissioner, and, as claimed by the
minority, this act was null and void, the pre-
vious commissioner was in his office, and he
was the only person who could hold the elec-
tion.
If the county court had no right to appoint
this man to hold the election he had no color
of- law as an officer. In fact, he was a mere
usurper, and the county court of Tennessee
had no more right to make that appointment
than the police court of the District of
Columbia. Therefore, we hold that the whole
voting was wrong, that it was illegal and
void, taken into consideration with the fact
that the appointment was made only the day
before the election ; so that it would have
been impossible in the sparse counties of
Tennessee to have notice sufficient given to
the voters in the district that there would be
an election at that particular time; and.the
election having only been held in seven of
the twenty-five civil districts in the county of
Lincoln, that the vote ought to be set aside.
Further, Mr. Speaker, we find that not only
in this county of Lincoln, but throughout the
whole State of Tennessee, there was an organ-
ization known as the Kuklux Ivlan, whose
members were armed and disguised and banded
together for political purposes. Their object
was to frighten, to intimidate, and deter voters
in the several districts from voting for the
Republican ticket. This organization had its
ramifications in each and every civil district.
They had their officers, known by such titles
as the Grand Wizard, Grand Dragon, Grand
Titan, and Grand Turk, with their attendant
furies, hydras, genii, and night hawks, the
whole plan arranged so as to work upon the
fears, ignorance,- and superstition of the re-
cently enfranchised colored man.
And the whole thing was conducted in a way
to inspire terror in the superstitious minds ot
the colored population. We find, too, that
these men came into the county of Lincoln,
and by various acts, into the particulars of
which I have no time to go at present, did in-
timidate those who desired to proceed peace-
fully and quietly to the polls. We have the
testimony of witaess after witness who came
upon the stand that he was visited by these
Kukluxes a little while before the election
and a Democratic ballot put into his hand,
and he was commanded to put that ballot into
the box or he would suffer some punishment.
And we find that, in pursuance of those threats,
after the election—a month after the election—
in one of those counties, a poor colored man
was taken, tied over a log, and received two
hundred stripes because he had voted the
Republican ticket at the election.
These facts appeared here. They are appli-
cable to the county of Lincoln; they are ap-
plicable to several other counties. In answer
to all this it is said—I do not know what the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] may say
on the other side, but evidence was adduced
as an answer to all this—that the elections
themselves were peaceably conducted; that
there was no trouble at the polls, no trouble
at the ballot-box. Well, Mr. Speaker, if that
be the fact, it would appear that the old-fash-
ioned way of breaking up an election, of hav-
ing a good, square knock-down argument at
the polls, where the assailed party could defend
himself, if necessary, that this is all done away
with in Tennessee. The chivalrous Tennes-
seans conduct an election somewhat in this
way: some ten or dozen of these men to whom
I have referred, with masks 011 their faces,
covered with robes, bowie-knife and pistol in
hand, will go to the low and humble hut of
some poor colored man, break in his door,
smash his windows, and fire balls through his
house, and will call him out and tell him that
if he does not vote the Democratic ticket or
keep away from the polls he will suffer bodily
violence.
Now, sir, when we find this course of action—
I have already described the action of the
county court in appointing the coroner instead
of the proper officers to hold the election—
and when we find, in addition, the terror, in-
timidation, fraud, and violence that have been
resorted to by these Kuklux throughout the
district, the committee feel that they cannot
but come to the conclusion that this county
of Lincoln, which gave only 5 votes to Mr.
Tillman and 554 votes for Sheafe, should be
rejected.
As my time, Mr. Speaker, is limited, I
will only say that if gentlemen will examine
our report they will see what other counties
there are whose votes we have rejected in
part. In each of those counties this system
of Kuklux intimidation prevailed. We have
distinguished those counties where the require-
ments of law were not fully complied with,
and where the proper officers have not taken
the necessary oath, and we find, in addition,
that in those counties the Kukluxes abounded
so as to influence the polling in those coun-
ties. The districts in ret'ereuce to which this
has been proved we have entirely stricken out.
At the end of our report we present a sum-
mary, based upon our revision, and not upon
the revision of the Governor of Tennessee,
which shows that Mr. Tillman is elected by a
majority of 296 votes.
I now yield to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. KERR. By request of the contestant
in this case, and against my own judgment, I
will proceed to state briefly the case on his
behalf, my colleague on the Committee of
Elections from Alabama, [Mr. Dox,] who is a
member of the sub-committee to whom this
case was referred, being to-day unable to be
here and attend to it himself. In what I shall
say I will present the views of my colleague,
and will also represent my own convictions,
formed after a careful examination of the case
upon the evidence and the pleadings of the
parties.
In this case most of the grounds of argu-
ment set forth in the pleadings of the parties
are conceded by the majority of the sub.-com-
mittee in favor of the positions of law assumed
by the contestant. The case in their report is
made to turn upon a few rulings quite outside
of the pleadings, except on one or two points.
It is agreed that the contestant received a
majority of votes cast of 1,156, and both sides
of the committee concur in regarding the
action of the then Governor of Tennessee, (W.
G. Brownlow,) in throwing out the entire vote
of Lincoln county, the votes of districts num-
bered 1, 3, 7. and 10 of Coffee county, the votes
of districts numbered 1,4, 7, 13, and 15 in the
county of Marshall, and certain districts in the
county of Franklin, whereby contestant loses
1,690 votes, and contestee 102 votes, as an
unlawful and arbitrary exercise of executive
power.
I desire, then, preliminarily to say that in my
judgment the election laws and the franchise
laws of Tennessee, under which this election
was held, are extremely harsh, cruel, unfair,
anti-republican, and positively indecent in their
prescriptive regulations against jjemocrats, and
in their partial and partisan regulations in favor
of Republicans ; and I do sincerely believe that
any fair, judicial, unprejudiced mind that will
take these laws and carefully read them over
will be compelled to conclude that they were
enacted in order to secure the election of
Republican officers in all eases and to defeat
the election of Democrats in any cases. And
in full keeping with the character and inten-
tion of these laws was the conduct of the Gov-
ernor of Tennessee in reference to this partic-
ular case. If he had received the returns as
they were made to him by the legal officers,
and had given them credit, as it was his duty
to do, in the precise terms of the law of Ten-
nessee, harsh as it is, he would have issued
the credentials of eleetion to Mr. Sheafe, the
contestant, instead of giving them to Mr. Till-
man, and Mr. Sheafe would therefore during
all this time have been occupying a seat upon
this floor, as he was in law and in fact enti-
tled to do ; but, in defiance of facts and of law,
the Governor of Tennessee awarded the cer-
tificate and credentials to Mr. Tillman, tha
sitting member, and he has been eyer since
occupying that seat, and Mr. Sheafe has been
danciug attendance upon the House awaiting
the determination of the case on its merits.
I make no reflection upon the action of my
colleagues upon the committee who have had
charge of this case, and that I desire my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks] will dis-
tinctly understand; but I must frankly express
my own opinions as to the character of the
case itself, and my abhorrence of many of its
incidents.
In many points the case is by no .means
original or peculiar. It suggests many reflec-
tions upon the general and offensive policy
which for several years has controlled and
shaped the conduct of public affairs in the
States of the South; and I do no injustice
when I say that the natural fruit of that pol-
icy, together with the concurring action of the
majority in this House, has given seats upon
this floor in past Congresses and in this to
many gentlemen whom the people, their con-
stituents, never elected. It is time this busi-
ness was stopped and that the people were
permitted to choose their own Representatives
and that the precious right of representation
was better protected.
Now, Mr. Speaker, why is the contestant to
be denied a seat? It is conceded by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that Mr. Sheafe
received in this case a majority of the votes
cast of 1,156. How was he deprived of the
honorable position to which that majority enti-
tles him? It is not by reason of any frauds,
or violence, or intimidation that prevailed
during the clectioa or on the day of election,
