1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California has not yielded the floor.
Mr. THAYER. The Senate was on the
point of taking the vote on the bill which I
called up when the Senator from Vermont
desired time to examine it. He has examined
it, and is now prepared to withdraw his objec-
tion. I ask simply that that vote be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The naval
appropriation bill is before the Senate, and#the
pending question is on the amendment of Com-
mittee on Appropriations, in page 20
Mr. THAYER. 1 move that the present and
all prior orders be laid aside temporarily, in
order to take the vote on the bill which I
called up.
Mr. COLE. I do not yield the floor for any
motion. I insist on the floor without being
interrupted any more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nized the Sena-tor from Nebraska, the Senator
from California having resumed his seat; and
the question is on the motion of the Senator
from Nebraska.
The motion was not agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION DILLS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM and Mr. SAWYER
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-
posed to the bill (H. R. No. 3064) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juue 80, 1872,
and for other purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
JSo. 2780) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, in line four hundred arid sev-
enty-three, to reduce the appropriation " for
necessary repairs of naval laboratory, hospitals
and appendages," from $40,000 to $25,000.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. I appeal to my colleague
as Senator from California to give way for a
moment to let the bill for the port of Wilming-
ton be passed.
Mr. CORBETT. It will take but a moment.
Mr> COLE. My colleague asks more of me
than I can grant at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to
appeal to the Senator from California to let a
bill from the Committee on Finance come up.
Mr. NYE. And I have four from the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. COLE. The question is on the amend
ment on page 20. This matter was partly dis-
cussed before the recess. I cannot add much
to what was said at that time on behalf of the
Committee on Appropriations. I can do no
more than reseat that -it wou.ld be impossible
for the Department to ascertain in advance how
much a particular sidewalk .would cost, or the
repairing of a wharf, or the repairing of a
fence would cost. The criticism of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thorman,] therefore,
which is move a criticism upon the Department
and upon those who make the book of esti-
mates than upon the committee of which I
am a member, I think must fall. It seems that
it would be utterly impossible for the
mittee to comply with the suggestions which
the Senator from Ohio made in the remarks
that he submitted before the recess. He found
fault with the Department, and perhaps with
the other House, for not specifying how much
was to be used for each special object men-
tioned in this paragraph. The paragraph reads:
For necessary repairs of naval laboratory, hos-
pitals find appendages, including roads, wharves,
outhouses, steam,, heating apparatus, sidewaiKs,
fences, gardens, farms, and for grading and l ing
off the grounds ot the two new hospitals, 5>4U,UbU.
The Committee on Appropriations propose
to reduce the amount of this item as it comes
from the House by inserting $25,000 iustead ot
$40,000; but the committeehave left theword-
ing of the paragraph precisely as it was sent
from the House of Representatives, and upon
inspection we ascertain that the House used
the exact language that is adopted in the esti-
mates.
Mr. THURMAN. It was not my purpose
to censure the Committee on Appropriations
of the Senate. I did not hear distinctly what
was said by the chairman of the committee a
few minutes ago in regard to the strictu.res that
I expressed this afternoon ; but I say to him
now that it was not my purpose to censure the
committee of the Senate. This bill originated
in the House of Representatives, and it was
the duty of the committee of the House to
make it a proper bill; and I do not think they
can shelter themselves very well under the
estimates made by the Navy Department, be-
cause if those estimates were made in an
improper form, it was competent for that com-
mittee to require them to be made more spe-
cific. Nor was it this item in particular upon
which I was commenting; I was only speak-
ing of it as an illustration of what this bill is.
I alluded to a provision on the sixth page of
the bill for the contingent .expenses of' the
Bureau of Yards and Docks as affording as
much more lit subject for criticism than the
immediate provision which is now under con-
sideration.
Why, Mr. President, let me ask the atten-
tion, and I pray the attention of the Senate, to
the fact that the specific appropriations for
the Bureau of Yards and Docks contained in
this bill amount to the sum of $150,611, while
the contingent expenses are $800,000.^ Just
think of that! The specific appropriations
only $156,000 and the contingent expenses
$800,000, more than five times as much as the
specific appropriations! If it be said that
these contingent expenses enumerate various
subjects as the items of contingent expenses,
I say yes, but that makes it so much the worse,
or at least none the better.
As I stated to .the Senate, there are forty-
four different subjects.of expenditure in this
item of $800,000 for contingent expenses. Let
nobody tell me that they could not be sepa-
rated and estimated for separately. _ I do not
pretend that everything could be estimated to
a dollar; but here are forty-four subjects, some
of them having no manner of,connection with
other subjects, and they certainly ought to be
estimated for separately. They must have
been estimated for separately in the Depart-
ment before they could have arrived at any
gross sum whatever. Let us see what some
of them are. .
Here is " for freight and transportation ot
materials and stores." lhat is one of the
items; and the very next item is "printing,
stationery, and advertising." What possible
connection is there between "lreight^ and
transportation of materials and^ stores, ' au"
" printing, stationery, and advertising I" Does
not the Navy Department know how much
this Bureau of Yards and Docks needs for
printing, stationery, and advertising ? Is the
Navy Department so young, has it existOT for
so short a time, has this Bureau of Yards and
Docks been of sueh recent creation that there
is no experience by which they can afford us
some idea of how much ot this money is
needed for "printing, stationery, and adver-
tising," and how much of it is .needed ' fo.r
the transportation of materials and stores? _
But let us go further. The next thing is
"books, models, maps, and drawings, and,
immediately following that, "purchase and
repair of fire-engines." What possible con-
nection is there between " books, models,
maps, and drawings," and " fire engines?
I should like to know. Can they not give
us some idea of how much money they want
for "books, models, maps, and drawings.'"
Is this bureau so new a thing that they liave
had no experience to enlighten us on that sub-
ject, and can they not give us some idea ot
how much they want for tire-engines? Must
all these things be grouped together and put
in one lump of $800,000?
U1JC lUmp K/l gjuwwjvwv .
But that is not all, '' machinery and patent-
rights to use the same." Machinery for the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, .and for the par-
chase of patent rights to use the machinery.
Have they no idea of what machinery they
want ? Do they not know what machinery they
have? Do they not know what machinery is
necessary ? Do they not know what ships it is
conte.mplated to build or to repair? Can they
not give us some idea of these things? What
kind of administration of the Department is it
if they catigiyeus no definite light whatever on
these subjects, no approximation even; and
we know that all estimates are but approxima-
tions. The very word " estimates " imports
that they are not the actual, definite sums
that will be expended, but only an approxima-
tion to those sums; and is it possible that this
Department of our Government is so ignor-
ant of its own business that it cannot tell us
the approximate cost of the machinery that it
will want during the coming year?
But that is not all, " repairs on steam-en-
gines and attendance on the same." Can they
not give us some light on the amount of this
money they .want for that purpose ? Again :
"purchase and maintenance of oxep and
horses, and driving teams, carta, and timber-
wheels for navy-yard purposes, and tools an$
repairs of same." Have they no idea how
many horses and oxen they wan.t during tbg
coming year? What propriety is there in
putting this item of horses and oxen, and the
driving .of the same, with the item of " print-
ing, books, and stationery," and the "trans-
portation of freight and materials" for th§
building of ships?
But, sir, that is not all. " Postage on letters
on public service, and telegsams." Can they
not give us some idea .of how much they need
for that? " Furniture for Government houses
and offices in navy-yards." Jrlere is an appro-
priation of $800,000 in the gross for forty four
purposes, and ,oae of them is " furniture for
Government houses and offices in navy-yards.
Can they not estimate for that? Do they not
know how many Government houses they have,,
how many navy-vards they haye, and what
furniture is likely to be needed in those houses
during the coming year? Is it necessary., I
should like to know, to put this, with forty-
three other items; in one gross appropriation
of $800,000?
But, sir, let me go on. " Coal and other
fuel; candles, oils, and gas; cleaning and
clearing up yard, and .care of buildings. 1
should like to know if they cannot estimate
specifically for these matters?
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. THU LI MAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend is not
acquainted with the peculiar idiosyncracy ot
inuid .that rules at the Navy Department. It
is utterly impossible for them to give an ap-
proximate estimate for any one of forty-th,ree
items, but when it comes to estimating for the
whoie thing in a lump and in the aggregate
they can reach it with mathematical certainty.
Mr. THURMAN. That explanation I am
willing that the Secretary of the Navy shall
have the benefit of. Whether or not he will
thank my friend from Kentucky for it i do
not pretend to say. There is nobody who has
a warmer friendship for the Secretary of the
Navy personally than I have ; no one esteems
him more than I do ; but lam extremely sorry
if this bill is framed on an estimate that ca.me
fiom that Department in the words of this
P Let us go on and see farther: " attendance
O'l fires, lights, fire-engines and apparatus.
Hero we have " fire engines" again. \\ c had
them before, and now we have doubled over.
•■Incidental labor .at navy-yards; water-tax
and for toll and .ferriages ; pay ot the watch-
