396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
venient for exportation as in rouleaus of
twenty pieces of twenty dollars each.
Mr. BAYARD. That is when you need it
for purposes of exchange and not for purposes
of merchandise. *
Mr. SHERMAN. When you need it for
purposes of merchandise, when reduced to gold
coin of the standard, it is nine tenths fine pre-
cisely, and in the shape that it is used by every
nation in Europe, except England, for recoin-
ing, while bullion may be in various form and
forms and conditions, and of various finenesses.
The Government of the United States is called
upon, without cost, at its expense, to convert
the whole gold product of the United States,
at the expense of the people of the United
States, into a form most convenient for the
goidsmiths and mints of foreign countries.
When this is reduced to the gold coinage it is
nine tenths fine, and that is the exact standard
of fineness adopted by other countries except
England, where it is a little liner. There it
is ninety-two hundredths fine, and all that is
necessary to take our gold coin and convert it
into English sovereigns is to add a two-hun-
dredtli3 part of the refined gold, melt it in the
crucible, and stamp it with the British insignia.
Theresult is, that if the balance of trade should
turn against us the most valuable form in
which gold could be exported abroad would be
in the form of our goki coin.
The reason why I oppose the abolition of
this charge so strenuously is not because it
involves the loss of $100,000 a year, although
there is no reason why we should put this labor
on the gold product of private individuals at
our own cost; but it is because I believe it will
have an injurious effect in regulating the bal-
ance of trade and drift away from us at the
time when it is most needed the actual coin,
the life-blood of the country, instead of bullion.
When bullion is exported it has a very differ-
ent effect upon our commercial relations than
where our coin is exported.
The immediate effect of this abolition will
be to force all the gold produced in this coun-
try into the mint at San Francisco, to be there
reduced, at the expense of the United States,
to nine tenths standard fine iu the form of gold
coin."
Mr. COLE. There are other mints in the
United States besides that ut San Francisco,
and we do not desire to have any more of it
sent there than properly belongs there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sly friend knows very
well that the gold will flow into the nearest
mint, and there be melted and putin thi3 form
of gold coin; and this is to be done at the ex-
pense oft,lie United States. Why should it not
be left lo be governed like any other matter
of regulation and trade? This bullion is not
the ijullioti_ of the United States. Ft is the
property of private persons. Mr. Italston,
whose letter has been read here, handles more
of this bullion than probably all the people of
two Of the greatest States of the Union—I
believe he is cashier of the bank of California.
And yet we are required, at the expense of the
United States, to reduce all the gold product
of this country into this convenient form for
exportation, so that the mints of foreign coun-
tries may take our gold coin and melt it over
without cost or loss or wastage.
It seems to me that this wil?have a bad com-
mercial operation. It may be of some benefit
in a local way, by compelling a largo manufac-
ture iu a local place, but in its effect upon the
commerce of this country it must be injurious.
It has been injurious in England. The oppo-
site policy has been beneficial in France. We
have tried it for twenty years, and no com-
plaint has been made except as to the rate.
Mr. Knox, who sent this bill to us, only com-
plained of the rate of seigniorage as being too
high; and 1 think myself it was too high. So
far as 1 was concerned I was willing to adopt
the French standard of one fifth, or the Ger-
man standard, which, f believe, is one fourth ;
but the committee thought it was better to
cover the cost, which is three tenths of one
per cent.
Mrv STEWART. _ Mr. President, I think,
from a further examination of this bill, it must
be conceded that it enlarges the charge. I
have not examined the old law, but I believe
the charge is one haif of one per cent. I can-
not say how much it is increased, but probably
it will be more than one per cent, under this
section, and I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The present charge is one
half of one per cent., besides the refining, &c.
That is to remain the same as in the old law.
Mr. STEWART. The English mint is abso-
lutely free.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only for coining.
Mr. STEWART. The whole thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. _
Mr. STEWART. The refining is done out-
side. It is allowed to be done anywhere that
those having the bullion choose to take it. It
has been argued here as if this-would exoner-
ate the producers from all charge. Now, sec-
tion twenty-five of this bill provides—
That the only charge on deposits of bullion for
com, bars, or disks shall be as follows."
Then comes the charge for coinage:
For coinage, whether the sold and silver deposited
be coined or oast into burs or ingots, in addition to
the charge for refining or parLiug the inetais, three
tenths of one per cent.
That is, in addition to the charge for refin-
ing and parting the metal; and that is the
charge which we propose to abolish. Then it
goes on and makes other charges:
For refining, when the bullion is below sta,ndaid;
for toughening, when metals nre contained in it
which render it unfit for coinage; for copper used
for alloy when the bullion is above standard; lor
silver introduced into the nlloy of gold; for separat-
ing the gold and silver when these motals exist
together in the bullion—
As they nearly always do, nine times out of
ten—
For the preparation of bars and disks. And the
rite of these charges, other than lor coinage, shall bo
fixed, from time to time, by the Director, with tbe
concurrence of the Secretary of the Treasury, so as
to equal but not to exceed, in their judgment, the
actual average expense to each mint of the material
and labor employed in each of the cases aforemen-
tioned.
Now, the mere matter of coining, of stamp-
ing, tbe gold when it is iu a condition to be
stamped, is no expense at all, or very little.
Any one familiar with tbe Mint knows how few
men are connected with the stamping. When
the metal is prepared for coining it is a mere
trifle. The actual cost of coining $30,000,000
of gold would not probably be five hundred
dollars ; it certainly would not be a thousand
dollars for the mere actual stamping. You
have got to prepare the bullion and get it into
bars. All the processes by which it is prepared
for stamping are inexpensive. It is true the
machinery is expensive, and so are the dies,
&c.; but when you have the machinery you can
stamp tho impress of the United States on the
,bar lor very little. It is done very rapidly—
bushels in a day. That is the only charge that
is proposed to be removed ; not the charge for
preparing the metals for coinage, bntthe actual
coinage charge which is put here at three tenths
of one per cent., entirely disproportionate to
the labor performed iu doing the work. It is
not going to cost $100,000 to stamp the coin
of the United States in a year; nothing like it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a difference of
opinion aboutthat. Itcosts about three tenths
of one per cent.
Mr. STEWART. Three tenths of one per
cent to stamp it?
Mr. SHERMAN. To coin it.
Mr.^STEWAUT. Tbe question has been
argued on tho supposition that the charges on
all this work of refining, parting, melting, and
assaying were to be removed. That is not the
proposition. The simple proposition is to re-
move the coinage charge, the charge for stamp-
ing metal with the stamp of the United States
so that it shall be current coin. That is for the
benefit of the general community and not for
the benefit, of the depositor; no more for the
benefit of one man than another.
But then the difficulty in putting on this
charge is, as I said yesterday, that the depos-
itor is not the only man who suffers, for he has
to pay it whether he has his bullion coined or
not; it reduces the value of his bullion, which
is tested by the mint value, just to the extent
of thecharge. If it is one half of one per cent,
it reduces the value of his bullion one half of
one per cent. I know that. It does not take
a professor to ascertain that fact.
I have been unfortunate enough to be en-
gaged iu mining enterprises and to have bullion
for sale, and I know that the coinage charge is
deducted. Half the bullion is sold to specu-
lators, and they deduct the coinage charge. If
the bullion is plenty in market—if there is a
surplus—they deduct the whole charge ; if it
is scarce, and there is little arriving, there may
not be a deduction of the entire coinage charge,
but that always goes into the account; it de-
preciates tbe value of the bullion and encour-
ages the exportation of the bullion. Then
these speculators have other advantages which
induce the exportation of bullion. In Eng-
land, having had the trade so long, the metal-
lurgists there can save from the bullion other
metals which are valuable. That relieves them
to some extent. We have not been handling
bullion very long; we have been selling bul-
lion; so much so that our people have not yet
adopted the saving processes which they have
there.
There is no use in philosophizing about this
matter. The fact that Great Britain continues
tbe system of free coinage, the fact that she
has to do it, is a strong argument in favor of
her opinion that it is the best policy; and who
shall sayit is not? Has not Great Britain suc-
ceeded in controlling the bullion trade of the
world? Does she not command it more than
any other nation? She has no coinage charge
and has had none for one hundred and fiity
years. The fact that agents from London are
in our country, and have been ever since we
became a gold-producing country, buying up
bullion and shipping it, and that they have
been able to pay a little more than the mint
value perhaps, considerably more than the
mint value sometimes, and ship it to such an
extent as not to leave enough here for coin-
age, shows what advantage the English have
derived from the abolition of any charge on
coinage.
It seems to me there is no argument in favor
of retaining it. As I said yesterday, it is an
unjust and unequal tax ; it tends to cause the
rapid exportation of bullion, to be manufac-
tured elsewhere, and is a tax upon the miner,
which goes to the speculator in bullion because
it reduces the value of his commodity. If tho
United States wants to stamp our coin, let it
be stamped free^; it is for the convenience of
the whole community, and let that tax fall on
the whole community.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall have
power to coin money and regulate the value
thereof. _ That is an exclusive power. The
Constitution deprives the States of any power
to coin money; it deprives individuals nf any
power to coin money ; and as the same Consti-
tution provides that no State shall make any-
thing but gold and silver coin a legal tender,
it follows that it is the duty of the Government
to exercise this power and to furnish the people
with com. That being the ease, any policy
which tends to discourage coinage is, iu my
judgment, a vicious policy and inconsistent
with the spirit of the Constitution.
Now, sir, I think that if anything is demon-
strable it is that the coinage charge docs tend
to discourage coinage, does tend to send abroad
