1871.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
gold in the form of bullion. I had occasion,
as a member on the Committee on Retrench-
ment, when in San Francisco a year ago, to
examine some very intelligent witnesses upon
this question ; and I think that if anything was
demonstrated by that examination it was that
the coinage charge tends to send gold abroad in
the shape of bullion. That testimony demon-
strates that even unrefined gold is worth about
one half of one per cent, more in San Fran-
cisco, which is the great gold market of the
United States, than is the coined gold.
Unrefined bullion is worth more there for
export, by one half of one per cent., than are
our coins. To a question on that point the
answer of the witness was this:
" Gold has averaged for the last two years in our
market value lully one halt per cent, more than the
coin in the mint for esport."
The committee asked the question whether
that was not refined gold which had averaged
for two years one half of one per cent, more
than coined gold, and the answer was, '"Unre-
fined gold." ^
For two years, then, before the giving of
this testimony the average price of unrefined
bullion in San Francisco for export was one
half of one per cent, more than of the coins
of the United States. The witness goes on :
"That is the reason it goes abroad as unrefined
bars, bought up principally by foreign bankers, and
especially to Europe. XlieGovernmentduties alone
the last two year3 have been three millions more
than all the gold that has gone to the mint directly."
And in this same testimony it is said :
" It is the very basis of all our troubles that wo
now driveabroadagreatmnjority of all ourgoldand
silver from the fact that the refining chaiges are
necessarily so high, added to the gold coinage charge
of this country, which is far in advance of any other
country in the worid, that the market value of our
bullion for export is one half per cent, greater than
the coin of our mints. The result is that it is bought
by foreign bankers and exported abroad, and will
notseek our mints at all."
That is the testimony of a gentleman per-
haps the best informed on the subject in all
the United States, the author of a most excel-
lent work upon the subject of the gold coinage
of the country and the gold mines of the coun-
try, one largely engaged m the business, hav-
ing no interest in the world to make any mis-
statement ; and his testimony is concurred in
by that of all the other witnesses who speak on
the subject. Can there, then, be any doubt
about it? Can there be a doubt that the effect
of this coinage charge is to drive gold out of
the country, to put gold bullion even unrefined
at a premium in the great gold market of 'the
country for export from the United States?
I think there can be no doubt in the world
about it. That being the ease, this policy of
a charge for coinage is a policy that directly
tends to prevent the coinage of gold, and it is
therefore, in my judgment, as I have already
said, a vicious policy and inconsistent with the
duty of the Government.
It is said that gold coins will be exported.
Why, in a certain state of case, of course they
will be exported. When the balance of trade
is against you, and you cannot pay your bal-
ance in Government bonds or railroad bonds,
or other securities, when you cannot by their
sale meet the balance against you, you must
export gold; and you export either bullion or
gold coin, and if you have not the bullion to ex-
port, then, of course, you will export thegold
coin. But we are not to suppose that that is the
normal condition of the country. We are not
to suppose that in all time the balance of trade
will be against us. We are not to suppose that
that is the general rule, and that a, balance in
our favor ox an even trade is an abnormal
condition of things. Therefore, I take it, we
are not to be influenced at all by the question
of the balance of trade. When it is against us
gold will go out either in the shape ot bullion
or in the shape of coin. But certainly one
thin" is true, that it is much less likely to go
out when it is m the shape of coin and dis-
tributed among the people, than when it is not
in the shape of coin, but is in Ihe shape ot
unrefined gold in great quantities in the mint,
or in the assay offices of San Francisco. One
thing is very certain, that just as you coin it
and distribute it among the people, audit enters
into the circulation as currency and supplants
paper, if you can get such a state of things,
just in that proportion you make it more diffi-
cult to export it, and it is more likely to stay
at home.
These are all the remarks I think it neces-
sary for me to make. I tried to study this
question to the best of my ability when taking
this testimony; and it does seem to me that
any one who will study the testimony which
was read at the iustance of my friend from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Casserly] yesterday from the
Clerk's desk, and which is in the Globe of this
morning, will see that our case is not at all
parallel to that of England, and that the reason
which has been given why we should keep up
this coinage charge, to wit, that the chancellor
of the exchequer wants to revive the seignior-
age in England, has no application at all to
our case. What lie wants to do is not to make
such a coinage charge as we make, but to lessen
the value of the sovereign—that is the policy
of the chancellor of the exchequer—and by
lessening the value of the sovereign to prevent
its exportation. He wants to do in regard
to the gold sovereign precisely what we have
done in regard to our silver half dollars and
quarter dollars—debase them or lessen their
value, so that they do not go abroad. That is
precisely what we have done with the silver
half dollar, and precisely what we have done
with the silver quarter dollar, and it has kept
the silver half dollars and quarter dollars at
home, and if specio payments were resumed
they would begin to circulate to-morrow. Cer-
tainly there is an abundant supply of them
in the country. What the chancellor of the
exchequer wants to do is to lessen the value
of the sovereign. It is not a parallel case, it
seems to me, with great deference to those
who are better informed on the subject, to
that which is now before the Senate.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I have
voted heretofore, and I shall continue to vote to
abolish this charge altogether. It is the duty
of the country to furnish the people with coin
as much as it is the duty of the Government to
maiutaia a sufficient army or a sufficient navy,
or to pay the civil expenses of the Government,
just as much its duty; and it there is cost in
doing it, it ought to stand on precisely the same
basis as the cost of the Army or ol the Navy
or of the civil list.
Mr. MOIlllILL, of Vermont. I am con-
stantly puzzled to understand the logic of gen-
tlemen in treating this question. Ihe Senator
from Ohio last on the floor [Mr. Thukman*]
has stated here that bullion is constantly sold
at a higher price than coin in proportion to the
amount of gold. If that be so, then the object
manifestly is to reduce the value of bullion by
putting it all into coin. Now, is it the object
of the gentleman to reduce the value of the
amount of gold in this country so that it will
pay a less amount of debts abroad than it will
now? That would seem to be the fair logic of
the Senator from Ohio. But is it a fact that
by adulterating the coin we shall retain it at
home? That is not our own experience through
all the past; and the history of the country in
relation to the adulteration of our own coins
shows that it has nothing whatever to do with
the question. In the first place, we adulterated
our silver coin ; then we adulterated our gold
coin, making a new gold eagle worth sixty-six
cents on ten dollars less than the former gold
eagle. It is well understood that in buying
gold in this country there was no preference
given to one over the other; either was bought
and sold at actual value.
But is it not true that if we abolish this coin-
age tax or charge, by that very means we reduce
the value of our coins so mucli benefiting no-
body, and the Government is put to the expense
of the coinage while absolutely we benefit
nobody ? It seems to me that if we place it
within the power of any one to get bullion into
coin, as a matter of course it will then go
abroad with the same facility that bullion will;
whereas if we retain the charge upon it .mani-
festly the coin will be increased to that amount
in value, and therefore be retained in the coun-
try. It seems to me perfectly plain.
Mr. COLE. I should like to ask the. Sen-
ator a question. Is it possible, by any trans-
formation of it in coins or in ingots or in any
shape in which it can be put, to change its cur-
rent value throughout {he world? I ask this (
in view of this proposition, that putting bullion
into coin does not benefit the man who owns
it. It leaves it of precisely the same value.
It does him no good; it does not add one cent
to his wealth; it is a benefit to the whole peo-
ple in keeping the metal iu the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think it is possible to change the value of it
at all; but the argument of the Senator from
California goes upon this principle: formerly
we were in the habit of shipping butter, for in-
stance, to Great Britain, but some of it would
turn into grease bel'ore it arrived there, and
then it was subject to the duty ou grease;^ but
in order to prevent the importer selling it as
butter, and restoring it to butter, they had a
process of taking a slick and putting it into a
tar barrel and then running it through the but-
ter; and that is the process the Senators from
Oregon and California want to perform on our
bullion. They want to run a tur stick through
it so that it cannot be used again abroad to be
recoined.
Mr. COLE. I am glad the Senator has
given us the basis of his argument.
Mr. CASSEKLY. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] referred awhile ago to the dis-
cussion between us yesterday as to the position
of the English chancellor, Mr. Lowe, and the
concurrence of testimony among the political
economists of the same country as to the ques-
tion of a coinage charge. That whole subject
was yesterday discussed so much at length that
I do not propose to renew the discussion now,
even under the challenge of the Senator from
Ohio. ^ • • i
I suppose if anything is plain now it is that
the position of the English chancellor, what-
ever it was upon that subject, was taken in the
light of circumstances which do not exist m
this country, and which do not apply to the
present discussion. The testimony which I
had read yesterday makes it. quite clear that
his object was to arrest a flow of gold com
from that country to the continent ol Lurope,
chiefly to France, which had begun to alarm
his people. Whether that was to be accom-
plished by the mode proposed, of instituting
a seigniorage charge which should be deducted
from each coin so as to diminish its value, or
not, is beside the question. That was the object
of the new policy which he foreshadowed 111
the remarks relied upon by the Senator from
Ohio.
Let me say, also, that having lived a great
many years of my life in California, the bullion
country of the North American continent, I
listened with surprise to the statement ot the
Senator from Ohio that gold com will go for-
ward rather than bullion in the great move-
ments of business between the State of Califor-
nia and foreign countries. I think that if he
were to state that to the intelligent business
men of San Francisco he would be stating
something that was news to them.
Mr. SHEUMA.N. I stated that would be so
in case the coinage of the Mint was without
charge.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not see how that
can affect the point. Whether the coinage ot^
the Mint is with or without charge the iticu
remains that from the influence of thecoiuago
charge now imposed by law_bullion is a better
article for export than coin would be, anu
bears a higher price on that account.
The Senator himself admits that the total
