1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
ments, misled their hopes, and made them idle
and worthless. And just so long as by your
conduct here you encourage such bad men and
enact such bad laws and put power into the
hands of such iniquitous, self-seeking place-
hnnters in the States of the South as in great
part now control the destiny of the people
ihere, my word for it, you will see these wrongs
and outrages continued and repeated. But
they are not political. It is only true as to
one or two outrages proved in this record that
they transpired during the immediate conduct
of this campaign.
But in order to make out a pretext here the
sitting member has ransacked the history of
that congressional district, and indeed of a
great part of Tennessee," not alone during the
period of the contest, but for months and
months before and for months and months after
that contest. Many of these outrages alleged
to have been committed took place so long be-
fore the election that in the eye of law and
common sense they could have had no influence
upon it whatever. Certainly as to those com-
mitted after the election, few as they were, no
gentleman who aspires to be esteemed a lawyer
will claim that this House can find in them any
justification for the rejection of any part of the
returns in this case.
As to the regularity of the election in the
county of Lincoln, I want to say that in this
case the Governor of Tennessee, in the exer-
cise of a powe'r conferred upon him by the
laws, removed, a month before the election,
the commissioner of registration, and he pur-
posely and deliberately refused and failed to
appoint a successor to that commissioner in
the county of Lineoln during that campaign.
What followed? Under the code of Tennes-
see it became the duty of the sheriff to hold
that election ; but the sheriff, being also an
instrument underthe control of these Repub-
lican managers, peremptorily refused to per-
forin his duty by holding an election in the
county of Lincoln. This refusal he made in
open court. Thereupon, under another pro-
vision of the code, the court proceeded to
appoint an officer next in rank in the county,
the coroner of the county, a man named C.
S. Wilson, whose duty it should be under the
law to proceed to hold that election. The
coroner, the officer thus appointed, did pro-
ceed to organize as many election districts as
he could during the time that remained to
him, which 1 believe was but two days, and in
those seven election districts elections were
held. Why were they not held in more dis-
tricts ? Because, as a part of the partisan
policy of the Governor and the managers of
the contest in that section, it was desired and
determined that no election at all should be
held in Lincoln county. And why? Because
they knew it would give a large majority for
the contestant here, Mr. Sheafe.
No election beyond those seven districts
was held. Why should the returns of those
seven districts be rejected? Not because it is
not the policy of the law that elections shall
be held. I hold, and every honest man who
is a citizen of an elective and representative
Government ought always to hold, that it is
the supreme purpose and end of all policy that
fair, legal, honest elections shall be held, and
that when such elections are held the votes cast
by the honest and legal electors shall, without
resorting to the pitiful technicalities of mere
police lawyers, be counted, and that the people
shall be represented according to that count.
Otherwise, our representative Governmentand
free institutions will speedily run into irreme-
diable decay and ruin.
Elections were held jti the way I have men-
tioned ; and the people who, under the hard
and cruel circumstances which surrounded
them, went to the polls and voted, are upon
every principle of justice and right entitled to
have their votes counted, and to have the ben-
efit of them in the representation upon this
floor. No fraud is alleged to have transpired
in connection with the election in any one of
these seven districts. The officers who con-
ducted the election may have been justices of
the peace, or they may have been appointed by
justices of the peace, or they may have been
mere electors, but it matters not who they were,
if what they did was done under color of law,
or by authority of law, and in good faith to
execute the law, their votes should be counted.
The law provides that if all other officers fail
to do their duty in the organization and the
conduct of elections in Tennessee, then any
three freeholders may perform the duty pre-
scribed in the law; that is, to appoint election
officers, or in cases of necessity may act as
officers and inspectors themselves. If, there-
fore, everybody failed, if every officer under
the entire civil organization of Tennessee down
to the people themselves ignominiously and
dishonestly failed to perform his duties, there
is in this code reserved to the people them-
selves the right, in the most original and popu-
lar way, to organize their own election and
make returns, so that they may have the
benefit of representation based upon them.
That is the law of Tennessee. It has been so
decided to be the law by the supreme court
of Tennessee in several cases. One of those
cases is reported in 4 Caldwell's Reports of the
supreme court, and is in very many of its facts
and incidents like this case.
I will here set out at length the provisions
of the code and franchise laws which con-
fer these powers and rights. It will be very
readily seen that the duties of the officers named
are to be performed, are to devolve upon them
successively; that is, if the commissioner of
registration fail to hold the election the sheriff
shall do so with like powers ; and if he is a
candidate, and therefore interested, then the
coroner; and if the county court fail to appoint
the requisite election boards, then the com-
missioner ; or if he fail, then the sheriff, in a
certain manner, shall appoint them, and if
all fail, then certain justices of the peace may
do so, or any three freeholders, or finally,
the people themselves, acting as it were in
extremis, after they and their interests are
abandoned by all their constituted rulers and
officers; and so it was in this case in some
districts.
It was provided by the code of Tennessee,
page 226, section eight hundred and thirty-
nine—
"The sheriff, or. if he is a candidate, the coroner,
or, if there be no coroner, some person appointed
by the county court, shall hold all popular elec-
tions ; and said officer or person shall appoint a suffi-
cient number of deputies to hold said elections."
This section of the code was modified by an
act of the General Assembly passed February
2G, 186S, page G7, acts of 1867-68, without,
however, any reference to the code in said act,
and the same provision is contained in the last
franchise act, which is as follows :
"That it shall be the duty of the commissioner
of registration of voters to hold all elections now
required by law to be held by sheriffs? and that, for
that purpose, he shall have all of the powers and
rights that sheriffs now possess, and be subject to
like responsibilities and liabilities, and have fifty
dollars per annum for his compensation, as is now
allowed by law to sheriffs for similar services; all to
be paid out of the county treasury."
Section eight hundred and forty-one of the
same code provides that—
" The county court, at the session next preceding
the day of election, shall appoint three inspectors or
judges for each voting place, to superintend the
election.
"Sec. 842. If tho county court fail to make the
appointment, or any person appointed refuso to
serve, the sheriff, with the advice of three justices,
or, if nono be present, three respectable freehold-
ers, shall, before the beginning of the election,
appoint said inspectors or judges.
" Sec.843. If the sheriff or other officerwhose duty
it is to attend at a particular place of voting under
the foregoing provisions foil to attend, any justice
of tho peace present, or, if no justice of the peace
bo present, any three freeholders may perform tho
duties prescribed by the preceding sections, or, in
case of necessity, may act- as officers or inspectors."
It is not unworthy of remark, Mr. Speaker,
in this case, that the contestant here, Mr,
Sheafe, during the war or several years of it,
was an honorable and faithful soldier of ,the
Federal Government. He had no connection
with these disorderly and lawless organizations
in that State. He was a resident bona fide
citizen of Tennessee. It is no reproach to th«
sitting member to say that he was not a sol-
dier during the late war, and it affords no in-
vidious contrast between him and the contest-
ant, yet these facts are not improperly men-
tioned in order to give to the House the inci-
dents which have attended the lives of these
men, and as a reason for applying no harsh
rale, no severe or unjust technical construction
of the law against the contestant.
In one or two, it may be more of the election
districts in this case, some of the officers failed
in strict aud literal pursuance of law to take the
oaths of office prescribed to them; but it has
been so often decided in cases of this kind by
the highest courts of the country, and by this
House, and by this very sub-committee in this
House, that these irregularities do not justify
the rejection of returns, that I need not waste,
any more time on these points. It is enough
for me to say that in all eases of this kind the
decision ought to be in favor of the sacred
right of representation; that votes which are
cast in an honest method and under color of
law, and without fraud or corruption in the bal-
lot-box, shall be counted, and that the parties
claiming to have been voted for, as well as the
people who cast these votes, shall have the
benefit of them within their respective spheres.
In the testimony in this case I believe I am
justified in saying there are not more than
two or three cases set forth in this record in
which it appears by legal or competent evi-
dence that one single elector was afraid to go
to the polls and vote precisely as he desired.
On the contrary, throughout the entire dis-
trict, electors, both black and white, were able
without intimidation, without any feeling of
personal danger or insecurity, to go to the
polls, with these two or three exceptions, and
cast their votes for whom they pleased. Why,
then, shall we resort to this political demagog-
ery; these vague, uncertain, indefinite, and
always most unsafe charges of general intim-
idation ?
Who is to define the limit that shall be fixed
to any rule of law based upon any such asser-
tions or assumptions? How are we to main
tain the integrity of elections in any part of
this country if it is competent for parties to
such contests as this to come up here with their
mouths or their records full of these reckless
and partisan charges of intimidation, fraud,
and fear? Have the people, of this country
become cravens and cowards that they are
afraid to go to the polls and like men exercise
the sacred right to vote, and vote for whom
they please ? Such decisions as this on the
part of the House are only giving license and
encouragement to this kind of reckless and
most indecent presentation of grounds of con-
test. And I pray the House to consider well
before it extends these rules any further than
they have gone already. They have already
gone beyond the outermost limit of propriety
and law. And it becomes the House now in
the exercise of its controlling power in cases
of this sort to admonish these men that they
shall not come up here without facts or law
which disclose fair and legal grounds of con-
test,, and rely alone upon vague assumptions
and rumors. Such things are offensive to just
minds and do dishonor to parties, the House,
and the country. It is time the law was
enforced and political trash and twaddle con-
demned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I yield
the balance of my time to my colleague on
the committee from Iowa, [Mr. McCrary. ]
Mr. MeCRARY. The evidence in this case,
