1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 1,
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the second
section, as follows:
Sec* 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy is hereby authorized to have built, by
contract, in some private yard, a floating iron dock,
for the repair of naval vessels on their stations, and
to apply in payment of the cost thereof such money,
not exceeding $1,000,000, as can be realized from the
sale of iron-clad vessels whose sale is now specially
authorized by law. and, as far as found practicable,
to use and apply to the construction and completion
of said duel; any of the iron, materials, boilers, and
machinery of such vessels which may not be disposed
of. The said con tract shall only be made to the lowest
responsible bidder, and 011 plans and specifications
which shall be opened for the inspection of bidders
for at least ninety days before the day of letting of
said contract, after the public notice by advertise-
ment for at least thirty days in at least one daily
newspaper published in each of the cities of Boston,
New York, and Philadelphia, inviting sealed bids
for such contract, which bids shall be opened and
«he award of the contract made publicly by the
Secretary of the Navy, at a time and place to be.
specified in such notieo.
Mr. CRAG1N. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether they have not concluded to abandon
this amendment. I hope the Senate will not
adopt the amendment. Here is a provision
authorizing the construction of a floating-
dock, designed to be moved from one place
to another, wherever it may be necessary, for
the purposes o.f repairing our vessels, at Key
West or .perhaps on some foreign station.
No direct appropriation is made; it is pro-
vided that a contract shall be made at not
exceeding $1,000,000, the money to be paid
out of the sale of old vessels and materials
now on haud, and that are not practically of
much worth to the Government. In view of
the importance of this matter, it seems to me
this amendment should not be adopted. It
frequently costs a third or a quarter as much
almost as a vessel is worth to send it home for
repairs. It happens sometimes that even a
small damage to a vessel, like the breaking of
a shaft, or something else so large that it can-
not .be repaired .011 board ship, requires the
vessel to be sent home to New York or Boston
to be repaired, and then the seamen are all
discharged, the vessel goes out of commis-
sion, and all the machinery has to be put in
motion to lepair it; and then when the vessel
goes in commission again a new crew has to
be enlisted, and so on, at great expense.
If we had this floating-dock the vessel, if
in the Gulf squadron, could go into Key West
and there be repaired at a very small cost; or
if the vessel was in that condition at Havana,
or any of the ports in the Gulf not our own,
this floating-dock could be sent there and the
vessel could be very easily repaired-
1 have not the slightest doubt that we shall
save the cost of this floating-dock in two or
three years in the repairs of our naval vessels.
The measure is recommended very strongly by
the Navy Department. The English Govern-
ment have already built a dock of this kind,
and it is found to be successful. It w ts built
at the cost of a million and a half of dollars
or more, and was sent to the island of .Ber-
muda, where the English Government have a
navy-yard or station, and used to very great
advantage. I hope under the circumstances,
as this is to he paid for out of these old mate-
rials, it will remain in the bill.
_ Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I should
like to ask the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs whether in his judgment, if we
are to expend this money, even what is here,
$1,000,000—although probably he will hardly
assert that that would pay for such a dock—we
ought not to determiue where it shall be, in-
stead of leaving it to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy? I should like to know
tf itis proper that it should be left to his dis-
cretion where it is to he, 011 the Pacific coast,
the nprth Atlantic coast, or the south Atlantic
coast; or is it to be in Dominica?
Mr. CRAGIN. It is not to be located in any
one place, but it may be moved from one sta-
tion to another. At Key West it is supposed
it will be more likely to be than anywhere
else, and then it can be taken even to foreign
countries, to the Pacific coast, or to any other
coast.
Mr. SHERMAN- There is one provision in
this section that I desire to have stricken out
before the vote is taken on the amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations to strike out
the section, which I presume is in order.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Itis in order
to perfect the section before the vote is taken
on striking it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the word "sta-
tions," in line four, I. move to strike out all
the words down to the end of line ten, and in
lieu of those words to insert "$1,000,000 is
hereby appropriated."
The section as framed would allow the Sec-
retary of the Navy to sell any vessels that li,e
may deem unfit for service, and not to account
for the proceeds, as is no.w provided by law
to be covered in the Treasury, but to place the
amount to the credit of a special fund, over
which no one could have any control but him-
self. It also authorizes him to apply mate-
rials of various kinds that he may deem unsuit-
able or unnecessary in the Navy for the pur-
pose of constructing this dry-dock. For one,
I would not confer this power on mortal man.
it utterly destroys the idea of accountability,
and creates a special fund to be increased by
the sale of vgssels, hulks, materials, and other
matter, oyer which there will be no proper
check by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury. When a vessel is sold now the money
is covered into the Treasury.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator if
the Secretary of the Navy has not a right now
to sell these old vessels ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly ; but the
money goes into the Treasury.
Mx\ NYE. Then the question is simply
whether he shall pay it into the Treasury or
use it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatis precisely it. When
money goes into the Treasury, it cannot be
paid out except according to law, and the law
provides various systems of checks by which
requisitions are made, drafts are made, ac-
counts are kept, and the disbursements are
examined into by Auditors and Comptrollers.
Therefore, when money goes into the Treas-
ury, it can never g^t o.ut except in direct
pursuance of law ; but if a fund of a special
character can be created by the sale of vessels
at the discretion of an officer, it would be
against the theory of the la.w. There is no
person to whom I would give a discretionary
power of this kind with more readiness than
the present Secretary of the Navy; but it is
inconsistent ,iyith the character of our business
transactions, it is inconsistent with the nature
of our institutions, and with our practice,
which requires everything to be covered into
the Treasury and to be paid out only in pur-
suance of appropriations from time to time
made by law.
If the proper committees of this body say it
is wise to build a floating-dock and to appro-
priate a million £ud a half or two million dol-
lars for that purpose, to he paid out of the
Treasury in the ordinary way, I am not here
to object to it; but I do object to these little
special funds m.ade by the .sale of property to
be kept out of the Treasury in an outside^ .spe-
cial way, and to be disbursed without encoun-
tering the checks provided by law for the pay-
ment of money from the Treasury. We car-
ried to the general fund a year ago all the out-
standing balances, and I for one will never,
except in a special case like the expedition to
the north pole, vote to make any special fund
or place any money anywhere except in the
Treasury, where it is protected by general l w,
and from which it can be drawn only in pursu-
ance of regulations that have existed since the
foundation of the Government, that have been
changed very little sinc.e the time of Alexander
Hamilton, and that ought not to be departed
from except in very extraordinary cases.
Mr. CONKL1NG. To which words does the
Senator call attention?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out from
the word "stations," in line four, to the end
of line ten. I would simply appropriate the
million dollars called for by the section, and
then let from tine eleven provide the mode and
manner of making the contract. The words
I move to strike out are:
And to apply in payment of the cost thereof such
money, not exceeding $1,003,0,00, as can be realized
from the sale of the iron-clad vessels whose sale is now
specially authorized by law, and, as far as found prac-
ticable, to use and apply to the construction and com-
pletion of said dock any of the iron, materials, boil-
ers, and machinery of such vessels which may not
be disposed of.
Suppose the Secretary, under this power,
should sell a vessel for $200,000 in money,
what would he do with that money? Would
he deposit it at bank to his credit, to be drawn
for by him, to be applied from time to time on
this dry-dock or floating-dock ? That would
be the clear meaning and effect of the language
of this law. The money would be placed to
his credit, to be disbursed by him in payment
of these expenses, and it would be left on de-
posit, 110 doubt, with a bank or in some safe
place of deposit. That is inconsistent with
the sub-Treasury law, inconsistent with the
established rules and regulations from time
immemorial for guarding the public money
from any possible misappropriation.
I make this motion—ray attention was never
called to this section until I read it within a
few minutes—certainly without any desire to
cast any reflection upon the officer who now
would be charged with this unpleasant duty,
but because, as a principle of law and as a
rule of public policy, I never would create
these special funds and place them subject
to any authority, except an appropriation be
made by Congress to be disbursed by the
proper disbursing officers and accounted for in
the regular channels of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendmentof the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment of the
honorable'Senator from Ohio seems prudential
in character, and that inclines me to yote for
it. As a general proposition, such an amend-
ment, and the reasons assigned for it by the
honorable Senator, commend themselves to
me; and perhaps I hesitate to vote for it in
this case in part on account of the confidence
that I have in the present head of the Navy
Department. I admit that that influences me;
but beyond that I do not see as clearly as the
honorable Senator from Ohio seems to see the
objection to the proposition as reported by the
committee. I send now to the Secretary and
ask to have read the joint resolution of 1868,
under which, if at all, is to arise tbe money in
question.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution
of February 3, 1868, entitled " A joint resolu-
tion providing for the sale of iron clads," as
follows:
_ "Beit resolved by the Senate and flo-use of Representa-
tives of the United States of'America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
her.eby, authorized to dispose of such iron-clad
vessels, except those of'the Dictator, Kalamazoo,
Monadnock, and Passaic classes, as in his judg-
ment axe not required by the interests of the service,
at a price to .be determined by appraisal, to be made
by'a board of not less than five naval officers, two of
whom shall be engineers: and report shall be made
to Congress, as fast as said vessels are sold, of the
amounts realized from such sales and the parties
to whom sold: Provided,_ That after such appraisal
public notico shall be given that proposals will be
received for thirty days for the purchase of said ves-
sels; and that tho highest price so .proposed, heing
not less than the appraisal, shall be accepted : And
provided further. That .the proceeds of all such sales
shali be paid into 'lieXreasuryof the United States."
