S98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
loss by the abolition of this charge would not
exceed one hundred or one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars a year. Now, it is apparent
from the figures of the Senator himself, show-
ing the coinage of gold at the San Francisco
mint, that out of $40,000,000 of gold product
on that, coast not more than one half ever
coined. What became of the other half? It
went abroad. For the purposes of coin it
was lost to this country. Now, is it desirable
to increase the volume of gold coin in this
country? There can be but one answer to
* that: it is very desirable. The one thing that
your financiers and your great financial offi-
cers in this city, at the governmental center
of the Union, are thinking of is how to have an
ample store of gold coin with a view to the
resumption of specie payments.
Now, sir, if the United States had to pay
one hundred or one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, the total amount of tax to be
lost by this charge, upon the reasonable
probability of increasing the gold coinage
of the Pacific coast from twenty to forty
millions per annum, would it not be well in-
vested ? It would be well invested, whether
you consider the advantage to those who have
to buy gold coin to pay your duties under your
laws as they exist, or the salutary effect of the
addition year by year of that amount to the
value of gold coinage upon the general inter-
ests of the country. And in that point of view
alone it seems to me the case is with us unan-
swerably.
I shall trouble the Senate with no more
remarks.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
the bill, as I understand it, was prepared at
the Treasury Department and sent to the Sen-
ate, abolishing the entire coinage charge, sim-
ply making the usual charge for separating the
crude gold and putting it into bullion.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 corrected that yester-
day. I stated that the bill sent to us from the
Treasury Department in the orginal draft con-
tained the mintage charge at one half of one,
per cent. I read a report on that point show-
ing that it was in the original bill as submitted
to us.
Mr. CORBETT. What original bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill ol last session.
The bill we are now acting upon is the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Knox.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that the bill
prepared by Mr. Knox does not embrace the
coinage charge. The Committee on Finance
propose now to place upon this bill an amend-
ment creating a coinage charge. Mr. Knox,
who has had this subject under his special
charge and examination, and who prepared
this bill, it appears, reports the bill without a
coinage charge, behoving it for the benefit of
the Government of the United States not to
impose a coinage charge ; that, by that means
we shall increase the coin in the country,
from all the evidences before him, and there-
fore he does away with the coinage charge.
The committee now propose to impose a
charge of three tenths of one per cent. I
think the weight of the argument is for the
entire abolition of this charge, and that it will
be for the benefit of the General Government
and tend to the increase of the coin in the
country to abolish it. Therefore, I hope we
shall not concur in the amendment of the com-
mittee.
• The PRESIDING^ OFFICER. (Mr. Har-
x.an in the chair.) The question is on con-
curring in_ the amendment, made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays: and they were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. I have listened to the dis-
cussion of this question with a great deal of
care, and I can easily understand how the
miners may fancy that they have a real inter-
est in the abolition of this seigniorage charge;
and I am certainly not disposed to be unfriendly
to them, because I was a miner myself, digging
gold in California twenty years ago, for three
years myself. I have gone through this prac-
tical operation of taking gold to the mint, and
when 1 saw my return and that I was charged
so much for coinage, I felt as though it was
so much money taken out of my pocket-
The Senator from California [Mr. Cole] will
remember the locality—about Sonora.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask what
year the Senator was there?
Mr. WARNER. I was what the Senator
will recognize as a forty-niner.
Mr. STEWART. Then I will inform the
Senator that this burden was not imposed
until 1853. He did not have to pay a charge
for coinage, but had to pay for refining. We
have felt the tax more since that addition to it.
In early times I was there, one of the first,
and we did not have to pay this charge at first.
Mr. WARNER. I was there until 1852.
Mr. STEWART. You did not have to pay
it then.
Mr. WARNER. But what is the practical
operation ? Gold is a product dug from the
bowels of the earth, and has a recognized value
in itself. It differs from iron that may be dug,
or from cotton that we make in Alabama, only
in the fact that it is used as a currency for the
interchange of values. Apart from that fact,
the Government would be under just as much
obligation to take my cotton after I have picked
it out in bcles and put it into bales, or put it
into a condition to be fit for wear—into cotton
goods—as they would be to take this gold that
1 dug twenty years ago from the bowels of the
earth in California and put it into coin, into a
shape of recognized value but, a little more con-
venient for interchanging for other commo-
dities.
But it, is argued that because the Govern-
ment has established gold as a legal tender
and as a medium of exchange of values between
citizens, therefore there rests upon it an obli-
gation to put upon all the gold product of the
country or of the world, it it may come here,
its stamp of value. At farthest, it seems to
me this obligation only rests on the Govern-
ment to the extent of furnishing the amount
ol currency that may be needed, if at all; and
even then the currency is furnished for the
benefit of the people; and why should not the
people pay for it as much as they pay for the
Army or the Navy?
The Senatorfrom Ohio [Mr. Thurman] says
that we are under obligation to furnish a cur-
rency, as we furnish an army for the protection
of ourfrontiersor of the country frominvasion.
But the people pay for the Army. Why should
they not pay for the currency ? If the Army
or Navy 13 of value, or-if laws are of value,
the people pay for them. If gold coin is of
value to the people as a circulating medium
I for the transaction of their business, why should
they not pay for putting it into that shape?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is what we propose
to do by objecting to this amendment.
Mr. WARNER. You propose now to abol-
ish all charge for coinage.
Mr. COLE. And then the whole burden
goes upon the people, and not upon the few
individuals who take gold to the mint.
Mr. WARNER. Practically, the cost of it
comes upon the people now in this charge for
coining. Now, a word in regard to the export.
The amount of export of coin or of bullion
depends largely upon the balance of trade. If
there is a balance of trade against us, if we
buy more than we sell, we are obliged to pay
for the balance in coin, so as to settle the ac-
count. If we buy more than we can pay for
in cotton, or in corn, or in bacon, then we
;j must pay for it in gold; and that export is
it bound to go abroad, whether it be in coin or
;! whether it be iu bullion; the one, as well as the
other, equally, will settle the balance of trade.
As to approaching specie payments, I do not
think we should be any nearer specie payment
if the Government were to buy every dollar's
worth of bullion in the country, or of gold that
is dug, and were to coin it into its own coin.
That would not affect the question of specie
payments, in my judgment, one iota; because
that depends upon entirely different causes.
The trouble in that respect is not that gold is
higher or lower, but that our own obligations
are depreciated. When we raise their value we
shall bring gold and paper together. The mere
fact of converting gold, which has a real value
in itself, into a specific form, would not in any
wise change the value of our currency or bring
us any nearer spe.cie payments than we are
to-day.
Mr. HOWELL. 1 should be very happy to
relieve the gentlemen of the Pacific coast in
regard to this matter, for the sake of their con-
stituents ; and there are a great many classes
of people in this country who would be glad to
be relieved of many burdens that are laid upon
them in making their living and making money
in the world by the Government under which
they live. This is as clear a case of calling
upon the Government to sustain the burdens
which naturally belong to a particular class as
any case that could be brought before thisbody.
If the gold that they mine from the mountains
of Californiais worth any more by being coined,
if it is any object to them to bring it to the
mint to have it coined, then it is an object for
them to pay for coining it. They would not
do it if it were not an object to them, and a
sufficient object to them to induce them to pay
what it costs for the coinage. It is clear to
every man's mind that if the gold was worth
as much before it was coined as after it was
coined they would not go to the mint with it,
and therefore the miners would bo relieved
from the burden ; it, would then be no benefit
to them to have their gold coined. But it is
a benefit, and they ask that the Government
of the United States shall pay for that benefit
which accrues to them. This is the position
in which this matter stands before my mind
and to my apprehension, and it certainly must
be the position which it occupies to the coun-
try at large.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, with his permission. Sup-
pose all the miners, instead of taking their bul-
lion to the mint, should export it to England ;
suppose the entire gold product of this country
was exported to England; in what way, I ask
the Senator, should we be supplied with a
metallic currency?
Mr. HOWELL. I suppose that if the course
of trade would take the bullion to England or
to any other country, the course of trade would
take the gold coin to England or any other
country, and we should get no advantage, after
going to the expense of coining it, in supplying
our people with a gold currency over what we
should have if we were to leave it for Europe
to supply us with that gold currency, in case
the course and balance of trade were against
us. Under such circumstances that would
be the result if it were reduced down t,o that
simple point; but it is not, as a general rule,
reduced to that simple point. As a general
rule these fluefuations of trade, going and com-
ing, do keep up, except in the case of the sus-
pension of specie payments, a flow, a ilnx, and
reflux, of specie coin in the country; but it is
impossible that we should keen it afloat in the
country now under the situation that we are iu
of the suspension of specie payments.
I hold, then, that there is 110 ground in the
fact of coining this money upon which an
argument can be based that we are furnishing
coin for the people of this country particularly
or exclusively. If we were, there is 110 reason
why the Government of the United States
should be at the expense of doing this, rather
than that the people who are benefited by it
directly and specifically should pay for it. We
are required under the Constitution, I believe,
to encourage inventions and inventors, and
authors by patent-rights and by copyrights.
Does the Constitution require that we shall do
that without making any charge upon the men
