1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
of the peace, who voted a Republican ticket,
was taken from his house soon after in the
night by disguised men and whipped. The
gang gave as their reason for whipping him
that " he could not deny being a damned Rad-
ical." He also testifies that the Kuklux were
riding through the country in the night time
prior to and about the time of the election.
(Record, pages 234 and 235.)
Jonathan S. Webster, also of Coffee county,
swears that he has often seen these disguised
men riding through Coffee county at night.
They were at his house the night before the
election. The effect was to keep Republicans
from attending public meetings and to keep
almost all of them from going to the election,
and to cause some Republicans to vote the
Democratic ticket. They were in the habit of
whipping some and threatening others. They
whipped some fifteen persons, white and col-
ored, in the three first districts of Coffee county;
some of them the witness saw after they were
whipped. At the precinct where this witness
voted (the third) Tillman did not get a single
vote. Witness thinks there was in fact a major-
ity of Republicans, but the Kuklux outrages
had created a general reign of terror among
them. 'George McMichael, a colored man who
voted the Republican ticket in Bedford county,
was soon afterward taken from his house in the
night time by these disguised men. They car-
ried him into the woods, tied him down to a
log, and inflicted two hundred lashes upon his
bare back. This witness says, in answer to the
question, "For what did they whip you?"
They said, "I went to Manchester and voted
the Radical ticket. They said they would take
the damn Radical out of me." About the
same time three others were whipped in the
same way for the same thing, and witness says
he saw the gashes on their bodies.
Washington Orr, a colored Republican, who
lives in Williams's district, Marshall county,
swears that he was afraid to vote in his own
district; that for some two months prior to the
election the disguised men were at his house
almost nightly. They at one time shot into his
house, the ball just grazing his person. At
another time, in an attempt to escape from his
house, which was being surrounded by them,
he was fired upon. He was finally obliged to
leave the county by reason of the maltreat-
ment to which he was subjected. It seems
clear, from the evidence, that there was a gen-
eral turn-out of this organization throughout
the district on the eve of the election, with a
view to intimidate Republicans, and especially
colored voters.
D. A. Wilburn, county clerk of Giles county,
on Saturday night before the election, had six
to come into the house where he was, and he
heard whistles all round. He did not vote.
(Pages 216-218.)
R. W. Pillow states that they were in Con-
norsville, Giles county, the night before or
only a few nights before the election. He was
jjfraid to hold an election there. (Page 227.)
James T. Brown, sixth district, Lincoln
county, was visited the night before the elec-
tion and orders given him to vote the Demo-
cratic ticket. Forty-five votes for the Demo-
cratic and none for the Republican ticket cast
in that district. (Pages 169 and 272.)
John Thomas, (colored,) Lincoln county,
visited night before the election, and ticket left
for him to vote for Seymour and Blair, which
he did against his will. (Page 167.)
Colonel Farquharson, Fayetteville, Lincoln
county, saw them shortly before and after the
election. Democratic ticket received 116;
Republican, none. (Pages 43 and 274.)
Nelson Edmundson, (colored,) Lincoln
county, visited by them night before the elec-
tion and told to go and vote for Seymour.
(Page 162.)
They were at Joseph H. Pigg's, fourteenth
district, Lincoln county, Saturday night before
the election; said the Grand Cyclops sent them
for his arms. (Pages 178, 177.)
W. C. Jennings, twenty-fifth district, Lincoln
county, saw them pass his house the last of
October or 1st of November. (Page 23.)
J. H. Hopper, Marshall county, says a raid
was made on him only a short time before the
election. He was a Federal soldier. (Page 43.)
M. C. Whipple and J. N. McCutchin saw
about thirty-five in Winchester, county seat of
Franklin county, night before the election.
The Democratic ticket received 293, and the
Republican 3 votes at that box. (Pages 138,
149, 288.)
A. H. Gustin was driven from his house
night before the election by thirty or forty of
them; fired fifty or sixty pistol shots. He
resided in the third district, Franklin county.
(Page 145.)
J. W. C. Bryant saw about twenty, seven
miles from Winchester; heard them fire at
least thirty shots in front of A. H. Gustin's
house night before the election. (Page 151.)
Visited James Mosely, a colored man, night
before the election, and abused him, in Frank-
lin county. (Page 155.)
S. D. Mather saw twenty or twenty-five pass
his house on the night before the election,
district No. 5, Franklin county. (Page 140.)
J. W. Gollathan, conductor on Nashville
and Chattanooga road, had his ears entered
and searched at Bellbuckle, fourth district,
Bedford county, night before the election.
Next day 119 votes were cast for Seymour,
none for Grant, 2 for contestee. (Pages 242,
255, and 279.)
W. F. Byrom saw them in Tullahoma, Cof-
fee county, about the 1st of November, before
the election. (Page 17.)
W. P. Ford and J. S. Webster saw them in
the third civil district, Coffee county, night
before the election. (Pages 6 and 229.)
H. S. Emerson andArthurLumpkinsawthem
in Manchester (home of contestant) night be-
fore the election. Lumpkin voted the Demo-
cratic ticket through fear. (Pages lOand 234.)
In the districts thrown out by the commit-
tee these outrages clearly prevented a fair,
free election; and taken in connection with
other irregularities, makes it the imperative
duty of the House to adopt the report of the
majority. No comment upon these facts seems
to me to be necessary. They speak for them-
selves. They show that the spirit of the old
slave oligarchy, which was the ruling spirit of
the rebellion, is not yet dead. They show
that the laws of the land are still defied ; that
*black men are still subjected to the lash ; that
the rights of the freedmen are still trampled
under foot; and that the ballot, given to these
people as a protection to their rights, is prac-
tically taken from them in every place where
these disguised villains are strong enough to
accomplish it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House has adopted the resolutions reported
from the majority of the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. KERR. The contestant. Mr. Sheafe,
desires me to ask leave of the House that he
may address the House for fifteen minutes in
his own behalf in this case.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. If that
privilege is granted to the contestant, I must
ask the same privilege for the sitting member.
Mr. PETERS. The sitting member does not
need to say anything.
The SPEAKER. The proposition requires
unanimous consent. Is there objection ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. TILLMAN. I make no objection, and
I hope no friend of mine will object.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. 1 withdraw the
objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it understood that the
sitting member is to have the same length of
time to reply 1
The SPEAKER. The sitting member would
not require unanimous consent,.
Mr. TILLMAN. I will say to the- House,
that if this courtesy be extended to the con-
testant I may desire an equal time to reply;
or at least may ask the privilege of printing
my reply in the Globe, instead of occupying
the time of the House.
The SPEAKER. There being no objec-
tion, the contestant in this case is at liberty to
address the House for fifteen minutes.
Mr. SHEAFE, the contestant. Mr. Speaker,
I am not vain enough to suppose that anything
which I can say on this occasion will influence
the vote of any member; and, sir, if the only
question here were whether my opponent or
myself should represent the fourth district of
Tennessee for the small remnant of the Forty-
First Congress I should not take up one mo-
ment of the valuable time of this House in
discussing the question now presented. But
there is another matter involved here. The
people of Tennessee, who have been generous,
kind, magnanimous to me, have been assailed,
not only on this occasion, but constantly during
the two years that I have been dancing attend-
ance upon this House, with nobody from the
State of Tennessee to say a word in their
behalf. Mr. Speaker, there are two sides to
this question. The time will come when those
people will have a voice upon this floor, and
when their sentiments will be understood in a
very different way from that in wbieh they
have been heretofore.
In the fifteen minutes allowed me it will be
impossible for me to discuss fully the facts of
this case. But let me take by way of illustra-
tion a single county. And permit me to say
that if this case is discussed and voted upon
here without being understood it certainly
cannot be for'lack of time, for the case was
argued more than ten months ago and the
testimony has been printed for about a year.
Take the county of Lincoln as an example.
In the year 1867 William G. Brownlow
was a candidate for reelection to the office
of Governor of the State of Tennessee. The
county of Lincoln was entitled at that time to
2,000 white votes, because 2,000 white voters
voted at the elections of 1865; and under the
franchise law they were entitled to be regis-
tered and to vote, as any one can see by refer-
ence to the franchise law of that State. The
registration was made by Mr. Skipp, a gentle-
man who was a captain in the regiment of my
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Stok.es] whom I
see on the other side of the House. The regis-
tration was fairly made. The Governor him-
self became a candidate for reelection. What
took place? The poll-books were stolen. Now,
in Tennessee you can hang a man upon the
testimony of a rebel, but you cannot prove by
a dozen rebels that a man voted at an election
in that State. The testimony in such a case
must eome from an unconditional Union man,
one known to be such by this officer appointed - *
by the Governor to make the registration.
The poll-books, the highest evidence that two
thousand white men had voted at that elec-
tion, were stolen. What was then done? The
Governor, without authority of law, issued a
proclamation setting aside the registration of
that county, taking advantage of the act of
the thief; and thus two thousand men did not
vote from that day until the regeneration of
Tennessee.
Is it any wonder, Mr. Speaker, that there
should beoutrages? What would be the effect
of such an exclusion from the ballot box in
the State of Maine or in the State of Massa-
chusetts? What would be its effect anywhere ?
Here are two thousand men denied the right
to vote. It.was a badge of great aristocracy
to vote in the Stale of Tennessee. The plain
letter of the law entitled these men to vote;
but a proclamation issued without the shadow
of law, and was backed up by a militia scat-
tered over the State, the sycophantic tools of
the - Governor, and thus set that law aside.
That same Governor appointed another com-
missioner of registration for that county belore
