1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate will per-
ceive that under that resolution alone ate the
moneys to arise to which this amendment
relates. The resolution is remarkably well
guarded. There can be no sale of these ves-
sels upon the discretion of the Secretary of the
Navy except after appraisal made by compe-
tent authority, and then after advertisements
asking proposals, in the hope of receiving
a price better than that. The proposition
before the Senate does not amplify at all the
discretion of the Secretary of the Navy._ ft
leaves him and leaves these vessels precisely
where the act of 18G8 put them, without in
any way amplifying his powers in regard to
them. What, then, is the effect of this amend-
ment? It provides for the application of—
" Sueh monev, not exceeding $1,000,000, as can be
realized from the sale of the iron-clad vessels whose
sale is now especially authorized by law"—
The Senate lias heard the special authority
read—
"and, as far as found practicable, to use and apply
to the construction and completion of said dock," &c.
The question, then, before the Senate is
whether this dock is desirable or not; and as
one member of the Senate I have satisfied my
mind upon that question. The honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio seems not to challenge its pro-
priety. We are then reduced to this simple
point: shall this money, in case of a sale of
these vessels, which could find its way only
into the Treasury under the general law, be
specifically devoted to this subject, or shall
the money be paid into the Treasury, and then
drawn out again for this purpose? Is not that
the whole of the case?
Mr. President, if the Senate is advised of
the propriety of this work, if there be no con-
troversy about the sum of money to be appro-
priated now to execute it, it seems to me that
the hinge is a very small one upon which the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio must
turn; and although, as I say, his suggestions
are in the direction of prudence, and valuable
in that way, in this case, with the facts all
before us, I do not see why this appropriation
should not be made out of a special fund
earned by the Navy itself, if I may so say, in
a certain sense, in place of being a general
appropriation. On the contrary, it seems to
me that there is fitness and harmony in say-
ing that this dock shall be constructed from
moneys accruing to the Navy from a disposi-
tion of discarded vessels ; and therefore I shall
vote with the Committee on Naval Affairs, in
accordance with the lecommendation of the
Department.
Mr. OORBETT obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will allow me to reply to the Senator
from New York.
Mr. CORBETT. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
from New York to read this language carefully,
and he will find that it does modify the law to
which he has referred and the law to which I
referred in the remarks I made. The present
law authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to
sell certain vessels, and requires him to apply
the money by turning it over to the general
Treasury of the United States. It is covered
into the Treasury. That is the application of
the money. Now, this section commences by
not changing his authority to sell, but recog-
nizing that, he is now specially authorized to
sell certain vessels, and it directs him to do
what? Not to pay the money into the Treas-
ury, but "to apply in payment of the cost
thereof—that is, of this floating iron dock—
" such sum, not exceeding $1,000,000, as can
be realized from the sale of the iron clad ves-
sels whose sale is now especially authorized by
law.'- The effect of this legislation, whatever
may have been the intent of the framers of the
section, is to divert this money from being
taken into the Treasury, where it would be
carried by the general provision of law re-
ferred to, to be carried somewhere else, and be
applied to the payment of a contract for the
building of a certain dock. I therefore can
have no doubt that it is the purpose to set aside
this money, which should be turned into the
Treasury, for the purpose of creating a special
fund.
But, Mr. President, if the construction of
the Senator from New York is correct, then it
shows that these words have no business hero;
because if the money is to be taken out of the
general Treasury why make a special appro-
priation? Why make a special fund? There
are but two special funds that I know of. One
is for the interest of the public debt. The
whole customs revenue is set aside as a spe-
cial fund for that purpose. Another is the
naval pension fund.. There are no other spe-
cial funds, and I would not myself vcite for
any. Certainly I would not vote even for the
naval pension fund. Let this money go into
the Treasury with the great mass, and then let
it be taken from that general bulk, just as our
salaries are taken, just as the salary of the
President and most important expenditures
of this Government are taken. The result is
that we then have some little idea about our
receipts and expenditures. If this mouey is
set aside under the provisions of this section
we shall never have any account made to us
from the proper officers of the Government of
its expenditure.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator just
here allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I omitted to say that
it is because I think that portion so clearly
answered by the statute, among other things,
that I ventured to suggest the want of neces-
sity for the Senator's amendment. Upon sell-
ing these vessels this, among other things, is to
occur:
And report shall be made to Congress as fast as the
different vessels are sold of the amounts realized
irom such sale, and the parties to whom sold.
So that the Senator will see that we should
have a precise account all the time of the
amount realized, vessel by vessel, and should
know exactly where it went.
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is
very easy and obvious. That report would be
made to us in a document sent to us by the
Secretary of the Navy, laid upon our tables,
and .never read by mortal man. But if it
comes in as part of the general expenditure
of the Government, and it requires an annual
appropriation to provide for it, then we do
know of its disposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio if he is informed
how many vessels have been sold under that
resolution? It passed some three years ago.
Mr. SHKRMAN. I presume a report has
been regularly made according to law. It is
to be presumed, as the officer is required to
make a report by law, that some sueh report
has been made; and I should like to know if
there is a Senator here who has read it?
Mr. COLE. I believe there have been no
sales made by the present Secretary. I am
sure there have not been.
Mr. SHERMAN. He has only been in
office for a short time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there have been no
sales in three years, is there any reason to
suppose that there will be anything realized
in that way?
Mr. SHERMAN. This proposition is one
of two things: either it is to create a special
fund for a certain object; and if so, it
is objectionable, or else it is a cover for a
very large appropriation. In either event, it
is not wise to put it on this bill. I am not
here to dispute as to the necessity for this dry-
dock. for 1 do not know anything about it. It
is a question beyond my jurisdiction. If the
Senate thinks that a dry-dock, or a floating-
dock, as this is to be—I suppose there are
several in the English service—is necessary,
let the money be appropriated from the gen-
eral Treasury, and then we know all abQut it.
We know whence it comes and whither it goes.
But if we make special funds of this kind wo
shall only know of them by hunting up annual
reports which are never read. I take home
with me about two bushels of them every year ;
arid that is the end of them. I never see therfs
afterward. . We ne^er read them during the
session, unless we have special reason for it.
Mr. CORBETT. I agree with the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, that this money
should be paid into the Treasury as these ves-
sels are sold. It is not certain that any of the
vessels will be sold. But is it proposed, in
virtue of this law, to commence the construc-
tion of this dry-ddck under contracts? If it
is, then, before this money is paid into the
Treasury, of course they will commence the
construction of it, and if the money is not
paid in e shall have to make an appropriation
to carry on the building of the dry-dock until
money is realized from the sale of these ves-
sels. If the money should not be realized in
five years, of course we should have to make
appropriations to meet the expense of this
dry-dock, or else we should have to wait for
the dry-dock five years until that money is
placed in the Treasury.
I am not so clear in my own mind that it is
advisable to build this dry-dock. The idea of
building a dry-dock and transporting it from
the Atlantic to the Pacific coast, and then from
the Pacific coast back to the Atlantic, taking
six months for the transportation of it,is rather
ridiculous as it presents itself to me. They
have a dry-dock, 1 believe, on the Pacific coast,
and I believe they have many dry-docks On the
Atlantic coast.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is to float.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that this is
a floating-dock.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It will go to sea under
steam. It will have boilers, engines, and every-
thing of that kind.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir; and whenever
a vessel is out of repair on the Pacific coast
you are going to put this dock under steam
and go around the Horn, and go to that
vessel and put her in repair. I should like to
know if it would not cost very much more to
do that than it would to' take the vessel and
put her on a private dry-dock.
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the money
that is to result from the sale of these vessels
is not to go into the Treasury. Can the hon-
orable Senator inform me, or can the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs inform
me, whether the money that results from the
sale of these steamers is to go upon the dry-
dock and float with it around the globe?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know what is to
become of this money during the time that it is
accumulating to the amount of $1,000,000. As
the Senator from Ohio has justly said, if a
vessel is sold for $200,000, that money has
got to lie idle somewhere, and the next $200,-
000 that is added to it has got to lie idle some-
where; and so on, until it amounts to $1,000-
000, unless we are to rqake an appropriation
for the construction of this dock under this
section and wait for the money to accumulate
in the hands of some private banker, and then
turn it over and pay it back to the Treasury.
It seems to me we had better wait until we
realize the amount of money from the sale of
these vessels, and then, perhaps, we may con-
clude to build this dock and appropriate this
money toward paying the debts of the Govern-
ment. I am opposed to making this appro-
priation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have two objections
to this section, and I think it ought to be
