400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
years ago on this very subject, in which he
regards it as highly indelicate and improper for
a member of Congress to even suggest, unless
his opinion was asked, to the President of the
United States or the head of a Department
who should be appointed to office. The prac-
tice that now obtains is of modern origin. The
principle that" to the victors belong the spoils"
was notaimounced until Jackson's administra-
tion, some forty years ago; and when first pro-
mulgated it shocked the country, but it never
went any further than to fill the offices of the
country with the friends of the Administration.
The practice was not carried to the extent at
that-day of allowing a member of Congress to
dictate among the friends of the Administration
who should and who should not hold office in
his district. But, sir, what is the present
practice? The Senator from Indiana himself
stated it in his remarks the other day. He said;
" I undertake to say that the greatest security an
Executive can have, who can know but a very small
number of the American people, is the fact that he
can rely upon members of Congress his political
friends, for recommendations to office. How so?
Take a member of the House. He is expected to rec-
ommend, if ho is a political friend of the President,
for the local offices in his district. The people un-
derstand that, and if theie is a bad appointment
made, if there is a had postmaster, if a horse-thief
is appointed postmaster, they hold the member of
Congress directly responsible for it. They expect
tbatm the natural course of thing's he lias recom-
mended that man. Therefore it becomcs his interest
at once to recommend good men lor these officcs;
his reelection depends upon it.
"flow is it with regard to a Senator ? lie is ex-
pected to recommend for general appointments in
his State, for maishais, district attorneys, and officers j
of other grades. The people understand that; and 1
it he recommends a-bad man they hold him responsi-
ble for it. I tgoes directly to the question of his pop-
ularity, directly to the question of his reelection;
and the President has this security where appoint-
ments are recommended by members of Congress."
Thus indorsing on the part of the Sena-tor
from Indiana the practice which obtains of
allowing the Representative from the district
to dictate who shall be appointed to the local
offices in his district, and the Senators to dictate
who shall be appointed to general offices in the
State; and he says that !hey are to be held !
responsible for these appointments, and that :
these appointments go to the question of the
reelection of Representatives and Senators.
Now, Mr. President, it is that very custom
which is an infringement upon the Constitu-
tion, and which, I think, should be corrected.
What has been the consequence since it has
prevailed? Let a former Secretary of one of
the Departments answer.
In an article published in the North Ameri-
can Review upon this subject, the late Sec-
retary^ of the Interior, Mr, Cox, speaking of
the mode of obtaining appointments from the
President and heads of Departments which
now obtains, says, alluding to the President:
" flis ante-room and halls are thronged by the appli-
cants the more fortunate or important of them
prosing their Senator or Representative; into the
set vice to in I roducc t hem and stand sponsor for their
merits and claims. The facility with which written
recommendations are procured leads to duplicity on
the part of the persons giving them; and it is no
•uncommon thing for one who ha* written a hisdi
(•niobium upon the character and acquirements of a,
;>jace-hunter to write a private note begging that
ins formal indorsement may not be regaided ot any
weight, or to peck a private interview in which he
will state that the person is quite the reverse of the
picture drawn of him in the testimonial filed. With
the knowledge of this duplicity, and of the farcical
hollownesS of the whole business of giving recom-
mendations and testimonials, the President and his
Secretaries must receive the endless tide ot appli-
cants listening to the praxes spoken by an official
friend"--
Who does that mean?—
"with, perhaps, a note from the same official in
tin-1 drawer of the tabic at which they sit contradict-
ing every word of thohigh-llown panegyric so glibly
p.nuxd into their cars, and with a feeling ot weaiied
dirrrnst at. the necessity of receiving with fqual
serenity the hypocritical phrases and the fuitive
denial of them tiorn the same lips."
" iiut this U by no means the whole of it The mem-
bers of Congress do not escape hom similarburdens.
Instead of studying the subjects of legislation, their
tables are pdod with letters from constituents seek-
ing their influence to obtain place, and ranging the
whole gamut fiom obsequious petition to insolent
and imperative demand. At the beck of some local
I
politician, whose influence at home must be courted
or feared, they leave their seats in the Senate or
House and visit the White House, or one of the De-
partments, to introduce their importunate neighbor,
and say everything in his behalf which the utmost
straining of conscience will permit. They leave the
breakfast-table to find numbers waiting for them
to invoke their assistance and presence in applica-
tions to be pressed before the opening of the day's
session. They often apologize to the heads of the
Departments for their own importunity, declaring
with perfect truth and sincerity that they get rid
of all the cases they can decently put off, and only
bring those they cannot possibly get rid of."
X. -4; *Ji — ij! « 1. * -jS #
" If, however, we add a purpose to make political
capital or themeans of personal advancement or pro tit
by the use of the power of appointment, it becomes at
once apparent that what was before only an annoy-
ance and a clog to the transaction of public affairs
becomes a positive corruption, with terrible depths
of abuse."
I read further and somewhat at length from
this article because it places before the Senate
and before the country the precise condition
^f things here. It gives an inside view of this
whole system of procuring appointments in
the Departments chiefly, through members of
Congress. It says further :
"There have always been in Congress many men
of elevated character and purposes, who have made
a strictlv conscientious use of their powers and influ-
ence. The country would long since have gone to
rum if this had not boon so. Lut there has also
been a lanre and growing class who have deliber-
ately used their position and its influence solely to
j retain their scats and further their purposes of per-
] sonal ambition."
The Senator from Indiana told us these
appointments enter into their reelection :
" This class of persons has gradually come to re-
gard as tlieir personal appanage an aliquot part of
the public office*, equal to the proportion of one to
the whole numberoi congressmen, and have declared
themselves robbed of their rights if it was not fully
accorded to them. They have used this patronage
systematically and avowedly to retain their own
places, and strengthen themselves in their several
districts or States. For this purpose it has been
manifestly necessary to treat a rival or an opponent
withm their own party as ifhe belonged to the oppos-
ing organization An anfhentic and recent instance
of this will explain and illustrate the practical work-
ing of the cu.-tom better than much general state-
ment."
"A gentleman who had held one of the highest
positions m the government of his own State, and
who had been iccognized as one of the most power-
ful supporters of his party in the State, desired, for
what seemed to him honorable and sufficient rea-
sons, to secure a minor appointment abroad. He
was personally well known to every member of the
delegation of his State in Congress, and some of these
were addi essed with n. request to favor his appoint-
ment. Their rehouses expre.^sed the highest regard
and appreciation of his public character and ser-
vices, but signified that it was an understood rule
that the assistance of other members of the delega-
tion mustdcj>cnd upon the support of tho member
from his own district. The person applying, how-
ever, was not the * friend' and personal supporter
of the member from his district, and that member's
approval and recommendation could not be obtained.
The whole delegation consequently felt obliged to
refuse their assistance.
" Tho gentleman thereupon addressed the head of
one of the Departments with astatement of the facts,
and inquired whether one who had been a somewhat
prominent supporter of the Administration in his
State, and h.ul been elected to an important State
office by his tcllow-citizens was to bo held to be
entirely at tho mercy of Ins Representative in Con-
gress so far as Federal favor was concerned. The
result of this appeal was a promise from tho proper
quarter of an appointment of a local character at
home, the position abroad having been meanwhile
filled. This promiso being made known, tho Repre-
sentative at once made vigorous protest, putting it
avowedly on the ground that it would be his own
political death to allow one who might be a rival to
have a Federal appointment within the district.
The protest was recognized as within the custom in
such cases, and the promise was withdrawn."
Thus virtually and absolutely conceding to a
Representativetheright topreventthe appoint-
ment of a citizen of his congressional district
to an office not appertaining to that district.
That is the custom that obtains under a Con-
stitution which vests the power of appoint-
ments to office exclusively in the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, or in the President and
heads of Departments alone. Such a perver-
sion of the Constitution as this we find sanc-
tioned, I am sorry to say, even in this Cham-
ber. The writer goes on further to say :
" From top to bottom, the whole class of politicians
who avow the purpose of keeping up 4 the party'
by the appeal to the selfish desires for place and
profit are bound together by the common iuterestof
the 'ins' to keep themselves in and to keep all
others out."
In regard to the clerkships in the Depart-
ments here, the writer says:
"If a politician has of right a certain number of
clerkships assigned him as his share, it requires a
very little addition to the theory to give him com-
plete control of the question of capacity and fitness.
Such has been practically the result, and the Depart-
ments have been made the asylum for the worthless
and incompetent dependents of persons 'of influ-
ence/ who have often received their pay without
giving any return for it, because the head of the
division or bureau could not intrust them with the
simplest clerical duty. This has often extended to
cases in which the grossest and most offensive immo-
ralities have been shielded and protected by that
personage, so potential in Washington, ' the member
from his district/ An instance may be taken from
the experience of a chief of an important bureau, as
given by himself. lie had a division of clerks of
general fair character, among whom were heads of
families of high and even religious morality. Into
this division, by the influence of a prominent mem-
ber of Congress, was introduced a young man, who
proved to be not only of little use as a clerk, but so
wantonly and offensively obsccno in his common
conversation as to outrage the feelings of every de-
cent man and to provoke from his fellow-clerks a
general remonstrance against his being allowed to
remain. The head of the bureau took tho case up
and recommendedhisdismissal on the double ground
of general incompetency and gross immorality. A
Congressman, with full knowledge of the facts, op-
posed and for some time succeededin preventingtho
removal; and when at last, upon the earnest and
energetic instance of the chief of bureau, the fellow
was finally disposed of, it was only to remove him to
another bureau, and the officer who had procured it
to bo done was abused and persecuted by the 'mem-
ber' whose patronage had been interfered with. A
very slight familiarity with the Departments is
enough to convince any candid person that a minor-
ity of really competent officers are doing the work,
obstructed, trammeled, and burdened oftentimes
with the necessity of performing over again the work
of the incompetents, who are piompt in nothing but
their appearance at the pay-table s' the end of the
month." * " " *
"Under any reasonably efficient system, promotion
ought to mean a recognition of merit and capacity.
Yet instance after instance could be given in which
heads of bureaus have declared that the greatest
obstacle in the way of inspiring the clerical force
with new energy was the fact that the higher places
were filled by incompetents who had been appointed
and retained only by superior influence."
This article of the late Secretary of the Inte-
rior, Governor Cox, shows what the practice
is that obtains in Washington at the present
time. I have in my hand a manuscript com-
munication, from a gentleman of high standing
in the city of New x ork, showing that a prac-
tice similar to this obtained in the appoint-
ment of clerks in the post office in that city
some years ago, and that, although the practice
is a departure from that pursued in the earlier
history of the Government, it had obtained
before the Republican party came into power.
This communication, the whole of which I
should be glad to read to the Senate—for it
exposes this abuse in strong and striking lan-
guage—is from General Dix, whom you may
remember, Mr. President, on the defalcation
of a postmaster in the city of New York, dur-
ing Mr. Buchanan's administration, was ap-
pointed postmaster. He accepted the office,
as he states, for the purpose of endeavoring to
correct abuses and introduce a reform, so far
as possible, into the management of the post
office in the city of New York. Upon taking
possession of the office he found a clerk who
appeared but once a week in the office, and
then only to copy a few papers, who was re-
ceiving a salary of $800. He thought that it
was an abuse to have such a person there, and
he discharged him, as he did several other
supernumeraries. Immediately upon the dis-
charge of this clerk he received a letter from
a Senator of the United States, indorsed by
several members of the House of Represent-
atives, asking him to restore his relative, who
had been brought; from a distant State find
appointed by his predecessor with a view of
enabling him to study a profession, Geneirl
Dix replied, giving the cause for his removnt
and refusing to restore him. In regard to
another case General Dix says:
" The next attempt upon the officc was by a mem -
bcr ot Congress, who complained that I had, as he
was informed, appointed a clerk from his district on
the recommendation of other persons, and not by his
own designation."
