1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
stricken out. In the first place, it appears
that more than t.hree years ago Congress by
law authorized the Secretary, of- the Navy to
sell Certain iron vessels. Not one of them has
been sold. Is there any probability that they
will be sold in the three coming years? I have
no reason tp suppose that they will be. I think
there is only one part of this section that will
be operative. It requires that the Secretary
of the Navy shall use and apply " to the con-
struction and completion of said dock any of
the iron, materials, boilers, and machinery of
such vessels which may not be disposed of."
That would be operative. All there is in the
section as it stands which would have any oper-
ative effect is that part of it which authorizes
the Secretary of the Navy to make use of the
materials, boilers, and machinery of such ves-
sels as may not be sold. The probability is
that none will be sold under the existing law;
for, if in more than three years, nobody has
been found to purchase any of these vessels, I
do not think we have any reasonable ground
to suppose that anybody will be found in the
three coming years ; so that I take it no money
is to be realized from the sale of these vessels
to build that floating-dock with. The only use
that can be made of them under this provision
is to take the vessels and apply them, as far as
the material in them will go, to the construc-
tion of this floating-dock.
The other objection that I have to the sec-
tion is that it is deceptive. I am opposed to
that species of legislation which is calculated
to mislead the public. This section seems to
have been devised to carry the impression to
the reader and to the public that the construc-
tion of this floating iron dock is not to cost
the Government anything. It is a provision
to construct a floating iron dock without cost-
ing the Government any money, to be paid for
by the sale of certain vessels which we have,
which are to be sold, and for which we have
been unable to find a purchaser after three
years' trial. The amount of it will be that
we shall get no money under this proposition.
If it passes, probably some contracts will be
entered into for the construction of a floating
iron dock, and it will be found that there is
no money to meet the contracts, and we shall
bo called upon at a future session to appro-
priate in some deficiency bill or otherwise
the necessary amount to settle with the con-
tractors. Now, Mr. President, if it is desir-
able to construct a floating iron dock let us
do as the Senator from Ohio says, appropriate
the necessary amount to do it, and not deceive
ourselves or anybody else under the impres-
sion that it is to cost nothing to the Govern-
ment, or that it is to be paid for by the sale
of vessels that cannot be sold.
# The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the second section of the
bill, proposed to be stricken out by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on striking out the section as
amended.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 18.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. . Mr. President, I have
no doubt that this dock will save itself twice
over every two years as long as we have it. It
costs more to send a vessel home to repair
her, putting her out of commission, putting
the men in the receiving ships, putting the
officers 011 leave, than it does to make the
repairs. This measure is conceived in a spirit
of economy, and we shall make a great, mis-
take if we vote it down.
Mr. CORBE I'T. We have been lately talk-
ing of selling our navy-yards in the spirit of
economy,, to save the expense of keeping up
those yards. I think this is one of those very
things that will tend to increase the expenses
of the Government. I believe we can do this
work better in private establishments.
Mr. ANTHONY. There are no private
establishments.
Mr. CRAGIN. Does the Senator from Ore-
gon suppose there is a dock in the country
where we could do this work? I assure him
there is not a dock in the country, private or
otherwise, anything like what is now proposed.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe there is.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is nothing like it.
Mr. DAVIS. The argument of my friend,
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, re-
minded me of an argument that was once made
use of by an Irishman. The Senator says this
dock will soon save itself twice. A man who
had a patent stove to sell met with a son of
Hibernia and insisted on 'his buying one of the
stoves, stating as an inducement that it would
save half the coal in twelve months. "Be
jabers,-' replied the Hibernian, " I'll buy two
of them and save the whole of the fuel."
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on striking out the second section of the bill
as amended by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senate will retain
this section. It is a matter that has been under
consideration for several years. The Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs have two or three times
reported in favor of it, and I really hope it will
pass. It certainly ought to pass.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2i, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, Blair, C.isserly. Cole,Cor-
bett, Davis. Fenton, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton
of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Harris,
Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont,
Poineroy, lliee. Robertson, Spencer, Thurman,
Trumbuli, and Viekers—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Borevnan, Buck-
ingham. Cattell, Chandler. Conkling, Cragin, Ham-
lin, Hill, llowe, Lewis, McDonald, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Poo], Ramsey. Revels, Ross. Scott, Sher-
man, Spraguo. Stearns, Stewart, Stocktofl, Thayer,
Tipton, and Warner—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Caipenter, Edmunds, Ferry, Gilbert, Howard. Kel-
logg, Miller, Morrill of Maine, Mor'on, Pratt, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer. Schurz, Sumner, Wiltey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
third section of the bill, in the following
woi ds:
Seo. 3. That no chief of a bureau shall make any
contract for supplies for the Navy to be executed in
a foreign country, except it be on first advertising
for at loast thirty days in two daily newspapers of
the city of New York, inviting sealed bids for
furnishing the supplies desired, which bids shall be
opened in the presence of the Secretary of the Navy
and the head9 of two bureaus; and contracts shall
in all cases be awarded to the lowest bidder; and
paymasters for the Navy on foreign stations shall
render, when practicable, with their accounts for
settlement, an official certificate from the resident
consul, commercial or consular afltent of the United
States, if there be one, to be furnished gratuitously,
vouching that all purchases and expenditures made
by ^aid paymasters were made at the ruling market
prices of the port or place at the time ol purchase or
expenditure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division. I
think that is a section designed to protect
the Government. What is the use of striking
it out?
The question being again put on the amend-
ment, there were—aves eleven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count demanded?
Mr. COLE. I think we ought to have the
yeas and nays on this question. I do not know
why there should be any such provision in
reference to a particular class of contracts,
putting thein under such restraint and so many
restriciions.
Mr. POME ROY. Tt will not do any hurt.
Mr. COLE. 1 think it is a most absurd pro-
vision. I do not know ho>v it could have crept
into any bill; but at any rate it certainly has no
business in an appropriation bill. It is invidi-
ous, and must necessarily be embarrassing to
the Department. If you will look at the pro-
visions of the section, it would seem that it
must have been drawn from some motive
which I can hardly imagine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not vote at all, but I
was about to vote in the negative. 1 concur
in every word that the Senator from California
has said. It seeins to me there must be some
latitude given to our vessels when in foreign
countries, and the rules and regulations which
would be perfectly just and proper at hume
may have no proper application abroad. I
think the section ought to be stricken out
by all means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again, and ask Senators
to vote on one side or the other.
Mr. TRUM BULL. It seems to me that this
section proposes a very proper limitation, and
I do not see what objection there can be to it.
It prohibits chiefs of bureaus from making
contracts for supplies for the Navy to be exe-
cuted in a foreign country, except it be on first
advertising for at least thirty days in two daily
newspapers of the city of New York. It does
not apply to officers abroad at all ; it merely
prevents the head of a bureau here in Wash-
ington from making a contract to furnish sup-
plies abroad without advertisement. It is a
limitation, and a very proper one I think, upon
the heads of bureaus for the protection of the
Government. I can see no sort of objection
to such a provision, no reason why the pur-
chases of supplies which are to be executed in
a foreign country should not be made under
advertisement the same as other purchases.
The fact that the supplies are to be furnished
abroad does not alter the matter at all. It
seems to me a very proper restriction upon
the officers of the Government who are to make
these contracts, and I hope the Senate will
retain it. *
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, what is the
practical effect of the section as it stands ?
Your vessels visit almost every port in the
world, and when in foreign ports they require
certain supplies for the time being; they can-
not purchase them unless a contract is made
in pursuance of an advertisement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Read the section.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the section
at all.,
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand this to be the
section: that the head of a bureau is not to
be permitted to make a contract to furnish
supplies in a foreign country to our vessels
without advertisement and proposals. Is not
that the language of it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, the law now requires that heads of bureaus
shall furnish a certain class of supplies in for-
eign countries, and they are contracted for by
the head of the bureau; and as to supplies in
this country, they are required to advertise.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely ; and I would not
change that. But they do not know at what
ports a vessel may touch, they do not know
what the vessel may want when she will be
there, and they do not know the time when
those supplies will be wanted. If you mean
that a contract is to be made to send these
supplies from our own country, then make the
section say what you do mean, and I have no
objection to it; but I suppose that the scope
I have given it is the construction which justly
belongs to the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Years ago I examined
into certain abuses that grew up in the Navy
Department, and this matter of supplying coal
to foreign stations was one of the things out
of which very great abuses, admitted to be so
on all hands, grew. Certain supplies—coal, I
know, was the chief one—are contracted for
to be delivered in foreign countries for the use
