1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
this canvass. What was then done? Why,
sir, one month before the election he again
L£t. aside the registration.
Now, sir, I want to show to the members of
this House what has been the decision of the
supreme court of the State of Tennessee. Mark
pou, that every one of the three judges upon
/he supreme-bench of that State were appointed
by Governor Brownlow. Every one of those
judges concurred in this opinion. Every one
of thetn delivered separate opinions concur-
ring in the decision of the court. What did
they say about this statute, which, according
to the majority report in the pending case of
contested election, gave the Governor of the
State of Tennessee the right to set aside the
registration? Here is what they say in the
case of The State of Tennessee vs. William
Staten, (6 Caldwell's Reports, page 234:)
The statute which empowers the Governor in his
discretion practically and effectually to abrogate the
right to vote of any and every qualified citizen of the
Stato, and at any time, and for all time, and in any
and all elections, is repugnant to that portion of the
constitution which is expressly ordained to secure
to the people the right to elect the officers of their
Government.
"The statute which practically and effectually em-
powers the Governor to determine who of the quali-
fied citizens shall vote and who shall not vote, and
who shall elect and who shall not elect the officers
of the government, himself included, is repugnant
to that portion of the organic frame of the govern-
ment which was ordained to establish and maintain
a republican form of government.
_" The statute which empowers the Governor prac-
tically and effectually to divest out of any andevery
qualified voter his right to vote, not only once, but
from time to time and without end, is repugnant
to those provisions of the organic law which are
ordained to invest the courts with judicial power,
and to exclude the executive head of the govern-
ment from the exercise of such power.
" For these reasons the court is constrained to hold
that the statute which confers on tlie Governor the
power to set aside and annul the registration of a
county, in whole or in part, is unconstitutional and
void."
Every one of the judges of the supreme
court of Tennessee, each of the three judges
who composed the bench having been assigned
to his high office by Governor Brownlow,
declared that—-
"In this determination.arc included the act of
March 8, 1867, chapter thirty-six, sections four and
five, and that part of the act of February 26, 1868,
chapter fifty-two, so far as it authorizes the Gov-
ernor to set aside registration, and undertakes to
confirm his acts of this land done before the passage
of the act and to punish persons who vote or who
attempt to vote 'by virtue of certificates issued
from a registration declared null and void' by the
Governor."
That, T think, perfectly answers the point
attempted to be made by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. McCrary. ]
But that is not all. It is insisted by the
majority of the committee in this case that an
election could not be legal unless held by a
commissioner of registration appointed for
the county. Let us see how that is; and to
prove my position I will refer to the sixteenth
district, in the county of Franklin, where none
of the election officers were appointed by a
commissioner of registration, but were ap
pointed by a justice of the peace—not accord-
ing to the provisions of the franchise act, but
as provided by the code of Tennessee—by
virtue of the same law under which the elec-
tion was held in Lincoln county. And tlie
officer who held this election, and who himself
appointed the judges and clerks, swears that
I received more votes than the sitting mem-
ber, but after bis return had been mutilated by
this commissioner of registration and my vote
cut off the committee count the vote thus cast
for the contestee without giving me a single
vote.
In that case the commissioner of registra-
tion had nothing to do with the election. A
justice of the peace under the code appointed
the officers to hold the election. Those are
fair examples of the way the thing was done
at that election in Tennessee.
And when tl^ey talk about intimidation I do
not want the House to forget that the Governor
of Tennessee had at his disposal the Army of
the United States, which were spread over ilie
district to enforce the law and preserve order.
My friends were not allowed the least chance.
'When registration was in their favor the regis-
tration was set aside. If this was not enough
the vote was thrown out and disregarded. They
were intimidated from voting as far as possi-
ble. All we asked was that every one who had
the right to vote should be permitted to do so.
But the law was disregarded and the Governor
used the Army to keep those who, under the
law, were entitled to vote from the polls. The
Governor throws aside the vote and another is
returned to this House. And now they come
here and ask this House to reelect a man who
was first elected by the Governor, but who
never got the votes of the people.
I ask, does it appear which party was most
injured by the operations of the Kuklux?
The testimony put in by the contestee him-
self shows that from the start no other man
in the State opposed that organization more
strenuously than I did. I belong to a pro-
fession who believe in the supremacy of the
law. It was not the Democrats who rejoiced
in these things. It was the men who expected
to fatten and riot upon the spoils of the State,
who looked and prayed for these outrages, as
I believe they are looked and prayed for here,
whether on that side of the House or this gen tie-
men here themselves well know. If you can
attach to a Democrat the idea of favoring this
condition of things, if you can make the negroes
believe that the Kuklux is a Democratic insti-
tution, what would be the effect? Do you not
know that it would have the .effect of driving
them away from us ? And anybody who reads
the testimony in this case, I undertake to say,
cannot avoid the conclusion that in this case,
where there has been a great flourish of trum-
pets, and where men have been called to testify
that a political outrage was perpetrated, it was
perpetrated by those who were not in the
interest of the Conservative or Democratic
party in the State of Tennessee.
Why, sir, long before we entered upon this
canvass all the confederate generals of that
State, so far as I know, those who were rebels
from the start, met and organized, and passed
resolutions denouncing the Kuklux. Was that
ever done in the camp of the enemy? Never,
sir. The Democratic party knew that they
were endangered by the existence of that organ-
ization, and nobody opposed it with more
earnestness than I did, as the testimony in
this case will show. ^
. Well, how was the election conducted ? The
whole district was covered over with soldiers
ready to be manipulated and moved by the
Governor, and ready to do the will of the Gov-
ernor. Yet no arrests were made. There was
no trouble at the polls. On the contrary, you
have ample evidence that there was perfect
order and fairness at the election. Everybody
voted as he pleased, without let or hinderance;
that is, those whom Brownlow's commission-
ers allowed to vote, for nobody else could.
That was the condition of things there. And
yet, in the face of all this, in four of these
counties, the commissioners of registration
made sueh returns as to induce the Governor to
refuse me my certificate, in flat defiance of the
Constitution of the United States and the laws
of his own State. They undertook to return
what they could not know—that the judges
and clerks had not bee  sworn according to
law, that people voted without certificates, all
sorts of things ; but none of them returned
that there had been any want of order, any
intimidation, or any force at the polls, or that
any voter had been influenced by intimida-
tion. If there was force and intimidation
would not these gentlemen who showed them-
selves so ready to defeat the will of the people
have stated it in some of their returns? Those
returns are given in the testimony printed with
the case, and in not a single instance is it
alleged that there was any intimidation.
But cases of alleged outrage are adduced to
defeat my election—cases which are proved to
have occurred six months after the election.
One of the outrages was perpetrated on two of
my own clients—colored men. I had defended
them on the charge of rape on the person of a
delicate white woman. I succeeded in divid-
ing the jury, and the result was a mistrial.
They were sent back to jail, and subsequently
were taken out by the mob and hung, without
any political question whatever being involved.
Yet this, which occurred six months after the
election, is brought up and paraded as one of
the instances of outrage which should inval-
idate my election, as showing that people voted
for me through fear 1 True the commissioners
of registration did not think of it., true the Gov-
ernor did not think of it, but the sitting mem-
ber has had a long time to think it over, and
he knew that if he could get the House to be-
lieve this the House would get its back up and
would keep him in his seat; and it is that yon
are to vote upon here.
Now, sir, if there be anything in this thing
of intimidation, granting all they claim about
it, were more men intimidated by the Kuklux
than were intimidated by the Governor? Itis
admitted that there were two thousand men in
Lincoln county who would have voted for me
if they could have voted, and there were at
least one thousand in two other counties,
Franklin and Coffee; and my majority was
1,156, as counted by the majoiity of the com-
mittee. Now, how many were intimidated on
the other side? There was but one man,
white or black, that could be found in the
fourth district of Tennessee who said that, he
voted contrary to his sentiments through tear.
True, they got another man in the county of
Marshall to say that he did, but when driven
home upon the question he said that he would
lose his respectability, and could not go into
good society if he voted the Radical ticket
there, and therefore he voted the Conservative
ticket. [Laughter.] Those are the only two
men of any color in the district who under-
took to say that they were afraid to vote just
precisely as they pleased at that election.
Now, sir, I stand here indorsed by a major-
ity of 1,156. There is no dispute about that.
Then there are those men who would have
voted for me but were intimidated by the Gov-
ernor's proclamation and were prevented by
the commissioner of registration and tlieirsnb-
ordinates who held the election from voting,
at least 3,500 voters. Now, does any candid
man here believe that a greater number of
voters than that were intimidated on the other
side?
One moment more about another matter.
They say that this Kuklux Klan was in favor
of the Democrats, and intimidated men and
committed outrages to the advantage of the
Democrats. Is that so? My friend from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] referred to the fact that I
had been in the Union Army. I refer to it
only for the purpose of saying that for a long
time I occupied the position of provost marshal
ip my district; the negroes came in contaafc
with me ; they knew me ; they knew that then
I did them justice, and they did me justice
when I asked them to vote for me, and they
did justice to the noble people among whom
they lived by afterwards voting for their enfran-
chisement.
[Here the hammer fell.]
enrolled hills and resolutions sig.ned.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that, the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. K. No. 2302) granting a pension
to Caroline V. Cram ;
An act (H. It. No. 1993) granting a pension
to Josephine Donahue;
An act (H. li. No. 2312) grantinga pension
to Matilda Sullivan ;
An act (H. II. No. 230G) granting a pensior
to Orson ft. Vv'iliaid :
