1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
It will thus be seen, Mr. Speaker, the leader-
ship assigned the contestant by the ex-rebels
in 1868 was not misplaced, as far as zeal for
them and bitterness toward Republicans were
n^ded, and that if the contestant did denounce
the masked raiders before the election, (of
which the proof is scant indeed,) yet his advice
to his ex-rebel friends was anything but com-
fortable to poor Republicans, white or black,
dependent Upon employers or land-owners of
the political faith of the contestant.
Mr. Speaker, in my hasty remarks I will
say that this contest seems to me to have been
prosecuted as much to afford opportunity to
Democratic editors in Tennessee and others
to abuse Governor Bkowslow and the loyal
State government of Tennessee as for anything
else. The time has been when the Governor
could defend himself from such treatment to
the heart's content of all who chose to assail
him, but now that affliction has hushed bis
voice and stilled his pen there seems to be
not wanting those who avail themselves of"his
great misfortune to calumniate and slander
him with impunity. It is not for ine and here
to vindicate him; he needs it not at my hands;
his devotion to the Union under the most try-
ing circumstances is known and read by all
men, and petty and party malice may follow
him beyond the grave, but can never erase his
name from the roll of Tennessee Unionists.
My friend, the contestant, would have this
House believe that the refusal of Governor
Brownlow to award him the certificate of elec-
tion was a very great wrong and injustice done
him. I do not think so; but if it was he has
certainly been unfortunate, and doubly so in
the refusal of those he served so well in 1868
to renominate and elect him to the next Con-
gress.
The contestant will admit that if Governor
Brownlow did not believe him legally elected
he was under no obligations, oolitical or per-
sonal, to award hiin the certificate. But how
have his ex-rebel friends treated him? In
1868 they manifested a political and personal
attachment that, upon the hypothesis they
were sincere then, is unaccountable and irrec-
oncilable with their treatment of him since.
If they were sincere then toward him, why
did they not rally as one man and give him
their nomination to the Forty-Second Con-
gress? He desired it, made speeches and
asked it at their hands, and a nomination last
fall was tantamount to an election. But what
did they do? They canvassed the claims of
several prominent rebels for the nomination
and gave it to the one whose antecedents were
of the John C. Calhoun school, and never so
much as put him in nomination before the
convention.
Under these circumstances it does seem to
me the contestant should grieve no longer over
the imaginary wrongs done him by Governor
Brownlow, but pray aloud to be saved from
the gratitude of his rebel friends in the fourth
congressional district of Tennessee.
Mr. Speaker, the minority report represents
me as saying that no intimidations existed at
the late election for Congress, when my suc-
cessor was elected. I said no such thing, and
authorized no one to so represent me. I do
not know whether any fresh intimidations were
used or not. I am satisfied, however, that
there has been no general election in Tennes-
see since 1867 in which all Republicans every-
where felt free to vote for whom they pleased.
Mr. Speaker, I will very briefly state some
facts and figures that conclusively, and in
keeping with the action of this House in sev-
eral other cases, determine my right to a seat
on this floor. The district is coriiposed of
eight counties. In the four counties about
which there is no dispute, and which con-
tained over two thirds of the vote of the entire
district, I received 3,279 and contestant 2,665,
giving me a majority of G14. In the other
toor counties, containing less than one third
of the entire vote of the district, and about
which is the dispute, the contestant received
2,889 and I-received 619.
Now, to elect the contestant it must be held
that those four disputed counties, containing
less than a third of the entire vote, and fur-
nishing all the irregular and illegal returns,
and overwhelmed with the violence of con-
testant's friends, gave him a legal majority
sufficient to overcome mine of 614 in the four
counties where more than two thirds of the
voters resided, and from which come no irreg-
ular or challenged returns from either of the
parties to this contest. In other words, where
there were the most voters and no illegal
returns I beat the contestant, and where
there were the fewest voters and nearly all
the returns lacked the sanction of law he
beats me.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion I must notice
that the contestant, in his printed argument,
charges that I have pursued a course "for no
other purpose than to misrepresent the great
mass of the people of the State and district
whose Representative contestee claims to be."
I claim, Mr. Speaker, to be the Representative
elected by a majority of the legal voters of
my district legally cast, (as reported by the
committee,) and not of the illegal, who fought
four years to destroy the Union, and when
defeated upon the open field disguised them-
selves in masks and made midnight war upon
defenseless Republicans. Neither would I seek
nor accept the position from any party through
such means as has been abundantly proved
were resorted to to defeat me.
I am a native Tennesseean, and regret much
more than contestant can the conduct of many
of her sons, but am not prepared to justify it
by joining the contestant in saying they "have
been the most patient, long-suffering, and
heroic people during all the long night of their
oppression since the reorganization of their
State which the annals of any age or country
can show." This was, however, a flattery, to
say nothing more, that did not commend the
utterer to their favor and renomination, and
by which I never sought it, and never will,
though "to the manner born," at such a cost
to the magnanimity of the Union party and
the truth of history.
The contestant may have no other purpose
by his course than to fasten odium upon me
from the rebel element of my district, for the
expose made in this case of the unparalleled
violence of his friends during the canvass, but
it will not be forgotten that it was not of my
seeking, and not by my witnesses only, that
the outrages he himself confesses to, but that
he and his friends forced it, and his own wit-
nesses prove them. At any rate I hope, Mr.
Speaker, the expose made will tend to redeem
his party from the spirit that instigated the
disgraceful outrages, and that whoever repre-
sents the district hereafter will never have so
disagreeable a task to perform forced upon him.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I now
call the previous question upon the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion. We may as well have the yeas
and nays now as at any time.
The yeas and nays-were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the motion to
reconsider the vote by which those resolutions
were adopted. It is hardly worthy of that sort
of snap-judgment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to make a motion to reconsider.
Mr. MAYNARD. And I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. KERR. And I call the yeas aud nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 60. not voting
57 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beamau. Beatty,
Benjamin, Bennett, Blair, Boles, Boyd. George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Rodoriek H.Butler, Cessna, Churchill, "Wil-
liam X. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb. Clinton
L. Cobb. Conger, Cook, Cowles, Cullorn, Degener,
Joseph Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Perry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Siltillan, Hamilton,
Huiris, Hawley, Hays, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes,
Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones,,Tudd, Julian, Keiley,
Kellogg, Kelscy, Lailin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
Long, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, MeGtrew, McKee, MeKeniie, Mercur, Jesse
H. Moore, William Moore, Morey, Morpbis, Daniel
J. Morrcll, Myers, Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Pack-
ard, HalbertE, Paine, Palmer. Peck. Perce,Phelps,
Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Eainey, Roots,
Sawyer, Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland. Strong, Tanner, Taylor, 'l'ownsend,
Twiebeli, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Wallace, Waid, Cadvvalar!er C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whiteley, Whitmore, Wil-
kinson, Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wolf—12d.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickey, Duke, Fox, Getz, Gris-
wold, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins. Hol-
man, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones. Kerr,Lewis, Man-
ning, Marshall, Mayharn, jVlcCormick, McNeely,
Morgan, Morrissey, Niblack, WilliamW. Paine, Pot-
ter,Price, Kandall, Beeves, Biee.Eogers.Schnmaker,
Sherrod, Shober, Siocuni, Stiles, Strader, Swaun,
Taffe. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, voorhees,
W ells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Arnell, Banks,
Banium, Benton, Bethune, Bingham, Bower;, Buck,
Burchard, Cake, Cleveland, Coburn, Corker, Dar-
rall, Dawes, Dickinson, Nathan E. Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Dox, Ela, iiidridge, Fitch, Uarfield, Gibson,
Haiglit, Hale, Hay, lief)in. Hooper, llotehkiss,
Ingersoll, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott. Milnes, Eliakim
H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Negley,
Packer, Peters, Poland. Sanford. Sargent. Seofield,
Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Sweeney,
Sypber, Tillman, Wheeler, Willard, Winans, and
Witcher—57.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GETZ said: The gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Dox,] who made the minority
report in this case, is still confined to his room
by illness.
- message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
joint resolution of the following title:
Joint resolution (H. li. No. 501) for the
relief of George F. Robinson, eighth regiment
Maine volunteers.
okder 01? business.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order.
Mr. ASPER. I rise to make a privileged
report in regard to the disturbances at West
Point.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up now the
report on the Howard investigation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make an
explanation as to the posture of business. An
assignment was made for to-day for the con-
sideration of the majority.and minority reports
of the Committee on Education and Labor
on the managementof the Freedmen's Bureau.
It was the impression of the gentleman^on
whose motion the assignment was made, as
it was also the impression of the Chair, that
the hour of half past one o'clock to-day was
fixed for this business to the exclusion of every-
thing else; but the Journal does not so state.
The Journal gives this as an assignment of a
special order after the morning hour.
Mr. RAMDALL. I shall object to the
interruption of the morning hour.
The bPE AKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. TowssendJ desires that the un-
derstanding of those who had charge of this
question may be carried out, and that unan-
imous conseu„ may be given to proceed with
this business now. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Aspek,] a member of the Com-
