404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be post-
poned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How do I understand
the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. MORTON. As I hope to dispose of
the House amendment to the Dominican reso-
lution shortly, as I think there cannot be very
much discussion upon it, I move to postpone
the consideration of the bill now before the
Senate, with a view to taking up the joint reso-
lution and acting upon the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUilBULL. I ask the Senator from
Indiana to name a. time to which the bill shall
be postponed, so that it may come up of itself
without a motion.
Mr. MORTON. I will assist the Senator in
getting up his bill immediately after the other
question is disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it come up as a
special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is a
special order, and retains its specialty under
the rules of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. THUR.MAN. I wish to make an inquiry
as to the practice of the Senate. When a bill
or joint resolution passes the Senate, does it
go off the Calendar?
The VICIS PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. ITillRMAN. Then, when it comes back
front the House of Representatives amended,
is there any rule of the Senate that gives it
precedence over other business, or does it
require a vote of the Senate to take it up?
How did this matter get precedence over other
business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator that the twenty-fourth rule
of the Senate reads as follows :
"After the Journal is read, the Presiding Officer
shall lay before the Senate messages Irora the Presi-
dent, reports trointhe JExecutivoDepariments, and
bills and joint resolutions or oiker messages from the
House of Representatives."
Then they come up without any vote. In
the case of a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives it can only be read once in any one
day if any Senator demands the strict enforce-
ment of the rule. If it is at) amendment, which
requires only one reading, it is read at the time
by the Secretary and is then before the Senate
for consideration. At any other time during
the day amendments from the House of Rep-
resentatives to Senate bills cannot be con-
sidered except by postponing the pending
question.
Mr, THURMAN. Well, Mr. President, what
I wish to inquire is whether that rule applies
to the morning business, or whether the busi-
ness of the Senate can at any time be. inter-
rupted, or rather whether business before the
Senate can be laid aside by a message from
the President or a message from the House
being read from the desk?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot, ex-
cept by a majority of the Senate postponins;
the pending bill and voting to take up the bill
or matter which is sought to be presented.
Mr. THURMAN. That is just as I supposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the case.
It requires the vote of a majority of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it requires amotion
to take the other matter up ; it is not neces-
sarily before the Senate now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Senator from Indiana moves to postpone the
pending bill and all other orders for the pur-
pose of considering the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the Senate joint resolu-
tion in regard to Dominica. The question is on
that motion.
The motion wa3 agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 28, noes 16.
The VJCE'PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution (S. II. No, 202) authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners in relation to the re-
public of Dominica is before the Senate, and
the Secretary will read the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
The amendment was read, being to add
to the third section of the joint resolution the
following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in these resolutions con-
tained shall bo held, understood, or construed as
committing Congress to the policy of annexing the
territory of said republic of Dominica.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I know not
if Senators are aware of the painful news that
has been received since our last debate, show-
ing more than ever why we should hesitate in
this business. It may be remembered that I
protested against this whole scheme of annex-
ion as nothing less than buying a bloody law-
suit. Here is alis pendens, flowing with blood,
which it is proposed that this Republic of ours
should purchase. Erom time immemorial have
we been told that, as prudent citizens, we
should not buy a lawsuit, but especially should
we not buy a lawsuit flowing with blood.
Since the last discussion a proclamation of
General Cabral has been received. I hold in
my hand an original copy in Spanish, printed
on the island, making an appeal to his follow-
ers against the usurper, Ba,ez, who, for some
time, has been maintained in power by our
Republic. Think of it, sir, a republic stand-
ing before the world to maintain in power a
usurper ! Sad part for a republic to play ! I
will read this proclamation from a transla-
tion :
God, Country, and Liberty.—Dominican Republic.
Josfi Maeia Cabral,
Geneiul of Division of the Armies.
Citizens : The South is still in arms. Wo aro
fighting. Latterly one of our columns marched on
Tubano commanded hy Generals Andrea and Tiino-
teo Ogando. There the enemy was met, beaten, and
routed.
After this event reinforcements left Azua. "Wo
allowed thom to reach our advanced posts, and when
that movement came to my knowledge, I pushed
forward to encounter them, and, without waiting for
the infantry, I most victoriously defeated them.
While these, operations were taking place, Gen-
eral Marcos E. Adon, with three hundred men. at-
tacked and routed the forces of the Caribon do Otra-
banda. At the same time, and by way of Petit Trou,
another force of tho enemy was entirely defeated.
In Tubano a general of the enemy was killed, and
in Petit Trou another.
According to this proclamation, two generals
were killed in this civil war; am I wrong, sir,
when I call it a bloody lawsuit?
Aside of the losses occasioned to our enemies in
the four encounters, many families came over to us.
among them Piiest Baniento with his. To all of
them we have given a patriotic and fraternal recep-
tion. The wounded have been treated with human-
ity, and the attentions that Christian chanty de-
mands are paid them.
Indulgence and liberality has been shown to tho
surrendered.
With these triumphs the campaign will assume
superior proportions. I count on a sufficient force,
good arms, great amount of munitions, and all other
resources needed by the army. .
Tho revolution will be splendid, because on its
triumph depends tho salvation of tho country.
Baez is the enemy against whom, wo fight. His
administration is not acceptable, because, with its
cruelties, its abuses, and its tyrannical acts, it mar-
tyrizes the country.
Baez is faithless to tis. In exchange for gold, he
wants to sacrifice our independence; and our in-
dependence we must maintain as the only thing
we have, and as the most precious jewel we can
bequeath to future generations.
In our lines all the Dominicans havoaplace. None
will be asked their past political opinions.
Let those who yesterday differed from us come to
us, and we will receive them as brothers.
The triumph of tho revolution accomplished, wo
will leave the majority in use of its freest faculties
to elect tor public administration men of known
honesty and intelligence.
Citizens! By union we will save the Dominican
republic. „
JOSE MARIA CABRAL,
Headquarters in San Juan, Kovsmberlo, 1870.
Sir, this opens a melancholy picture. Noth-
ing less than the picture of civil war. Here is
one chief in the mountains rallying bis men
against another, the chief on the sea-board sus-
tained in ill-gotten power by the arms of the
United States; and we are now asked to back
the usurper on the sea-board and assume his
war. Have we not gone far enough? Better
say with Macbeth—
"We will proceed no further in this business."
No good can come of it. Nothing but ex-
pense, sorrow, regret, and shame.
But I know not, sir, if even this be the most
painful aspect of this question as it has been
developed since the last debate. It may bs
remembered that I felt it my duty to exhibit
the President's message as a menace to the
black republic of Hayti. I did not then antici-
pate so early a report from that republic. I
did not know how promptly I should be con-
firmed in my fears. 1 hold ra my hand a paper
which, for news, is without a superior in the
country, the New York Herald, which all of
you know in no respect sympathizes with me
in this matter or in the conclusions which I
have felt it my duty to present. This paper,
under date of Thursday, January 5, 1871, gives
news directly from Hayti. The article is enti-
tled as follows:
" Il'tyti—IIow the Haytians receive the annexation
news—[nt urine excitement on receipt of President
Grant'* message—A guerrilla warjure to be carried
on—The llaytinw> will fight to the death in support of
their independence—Th^y threaten to burn the towns
and then to take to the mountains—Demands on thf
Government
Then follows a letter from Port au Prince,
dated December 23, 1870, as follows:
"The substance of the message presented by the
President ot the United States to Congress was re-
ceived herein Cubaand Jamaicaou thellth instant.
Tho first intelligence of tho message was eagerly
looked lor. and from the well-known sentiments of
President Grant on the subject of annexation the
manner in which he would treat it gave rise to much
and varied argument. It is not too much to say that
all weie tolerably well prepared for that portion of
his message which touched upon the question of an-
nexation, and, in spite of being well prepared for
the worst, the burst of Indignation which the pub-
lication of the message^ called tortb surprised even
those who were expecting Ihe mn«t intense excite-
ment their fancy could picture. The first news of
the message arrived by telegraph, and m an instant
the city -was ablaze. The position taken by Presi-
dent Grant was violently denounced, and impromptu
meetings werecalled and largely attended. The sup-
posed schemes of the United States for the obtain-
ing of the island of Hayti were inveighed against in.
unmeasured language, and resolutions were passed
denouneingthem. The people immediately resolved
to defend their republic to the last, and volunteer
regiments were at once formed for that pur o*o.
And on the occasion of the anniversary of the
taking of Port au Prince by the existing Govern-
ment volunteer militia, to the number of three tbuu-
sand. paraded in tho public squares, and were pre-
sented with new colors, which they received and
resolved to defend with the most unbounded enthu-
siasm. Subsequently the news arrived here that the
United States Senate had voted for the annexation
of the eastern provinces in the so-called Dominican
republic. This intensified tho already existing ex-
citement. Public meetings were cailed and largely
attended, the people generally declaring theiririten-
tion of resisting to the la<t any attempt to coerce
them into annexation. Resolutions were carried
with enthusiasm, renewing allegiance to the existing
republican government, and declaring the intention
of the Ilaytians to savetheUnited States the trouble
of conquering the city by burning and abandoning
it. Tho feeling now is that the first intimation on
the part of tho United States to enforce annexation,
which is not desired in these parts, will be the signal
lor the destruction of the towns and their total
abandonment by the people, who will, ilee to tho
mountains and organize a system. of the most invet-
erate guerrilla warfare, which they are resolved upon
carrying out to tho extermination of the whole Ilay-
tian people before they will sub-nit to the shamo of
annexation, as proposed by me Dominicans.
"Tho Haytians say that 'annexation of any part of
the island means war on Hnyti.' They must be con-
quered through a series of guerrilla warfare, which
they will carry on with u, bitter animosity before
they will succumb, and then only to ronew tho oon-
te. t whenever and wherever they may be prepared
to do so.
41 On the rcccipt of the intelligence of the tenor of
President Grant's message gold, which was quoted
at 200. immediately rose to 270, and a general panio
was feared. I,1or a time the wildest rumors were cir-
culated as news, and it was generally felt that tho
united States was about embarking m another Mex-
ican war. The current of public feeling has been so
strong that the Government has decided upon call-
ing together the National Assembly and asking them
lor an expression of opinion in the matter. It is
confidently expected that the Assembly will unan-
imously pronounce against the annexat?on of any
any portion of the island, which is here considered
to mean the annexation ofthewhole. orthe licensed
interference of Cabral and other malcontents in the
affairs of the Haytian republic, which will at once
reduce them to the state of international warfare,
