1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
speaking, that I was opposed to it in case it
should turn out, as I inferred, that it was a new
application of a well known principle. That
js precisely what was done in the case of the
application of steam to the purposes of navi-
gation. Steam was known before; its works
were known before; but steam was applied to
propel boats and to propel ships; and so, taking
an idea that was well known before, the won-
derful law that governs the hydrostatic press,
and applying "it to the purpose to which it has
been applied by this man, is an invention, and
a meritorious one. It could not have been
patented otherwise under the patent law; and
after what has been stated of its workings, I do
think, with the Senator from Massachusetts,
that it is making a very shabby compensation
to this man to give him only $50,000. I shall
vote for the $50,000 cheerfully, and I would
vote for more.
Mr. FOWLER. If this instrument is what
is urged here for it, I shall very readily vote for
the proposition ; but I do not have any evidence
that there is such an instrument. I do not
know that any of the committees have invest-
igated this matter for themselves. The gen-
tlerflan who has made this invention writes a
letter which bears internal evidence of truth-
fulness in itself. Certainly, if his invention is
what is claimed for it, $50,000 would be no
money for it. But I am a little surprised, at
this age of the world, that he did not take
better offers made to him by foreign Govern-
ments; and it it is what is claimed for it, I do
not see why the committee has not recom-
mended $100,000. Certainly the man ought
to have more than $50,000 for such an appli-
cation as that. Upon the whole, I do not see
that we have evidence enough before us here
to place it upon this bill. Without being
opposed to it, 1 think I shall vote against, it
going on this bill. On any other bill, or as
a separate proposition, if I had evidence
that it is precisely what is urged for it here, I
should support it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from New jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer the following amend-
ment, of which notice has been given, and
which is authorized by the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
That the Secretary of the Navy is horeby author-
ized to transfer tho working inivy-yard of the Phil-
adelphia station to League Island as rapidly as is
consistent with the interest of tho service, and to sell,
in manner anil on terms to bo approved by the Pres-
ident, sueii portions of the presentyard asshall from
time to time bo vacated. And the turn of $200,000 is
hereby appropriated to be expended in preparation
tor tiie removal of tlio said working navy-yard to
heaxuo Island; and for building on League Island
landing-wharves, l'or dredging and filling in, com-
mencing quay-walls, storo-liouses,carpenters' shop,
jomerd shop, smiths' shop, machine shop, otlices,
stoain-engines, scows, boats, dorrioks, and maohin-
«.mno!n t00's a" kinds 'hat may be necessary,
5>^OU,UUO.
I send to the Chair to be read a letter from
the Secretary of the Navy to the chairman of
the committee, with an estimate.
The VICE FiiliSIDENT. The letter will
be read.
Mr. COLE. I think I must raise a point of
order against the proposed amendment. It
proposes an appropriation of $200,000, and it
has not been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will look he
will find that the notice was given, and it was
reported in accordance with authority from the
Naval Committee.
-Mr. COLE. Has it been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir j notice was given,
and it was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations several days ago.
Mr. COLE. My attention has not beeu
called to it. This is the first 1 have heard of it.
Mr. SCOTT. I offered it in open Senate
$ud had it referred.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator says so, of course
it mast he so.
The VICE PRESIDENT; It appears to
have been presented the 25th day of February.
Mi*. COLE. And printed, so as to be
returned to the Senate to-day?
The VICE PRESIDENT.' " Referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed."
Mr. COLE. I see now how it is. It has
been printed and referred to the committee
long since the bill was disposed of by the com-
mittee. The bill itself was printed on Feb-
ruary 17, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but the rule states that all amendments pro-
posing new items of appropriation shall, one
day before they are offered, be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations. This comes
within the rule, and is therefore in order.
Mr. SCOTT. I never heard that an amend-
ment was required to be referred before it was
offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter from
the Secretary of the Navy will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Washington. February 24,1871.
Sir: Referring to the recommendation in regard
to the League Island portion of the Philadelphia,
station, made in my annual report of December, 1860.
and my reference thereto in the last annual report. I
beg to submit herewith an estimate of S200.0U0 to be
expended in preparation torthercmovalofthe work-
in# yard of this station to the island.
This sum, though by no means adequate to the
amount of work necessary to be done, can be ex-
pended at this time tor the purposes aforesaid with
great advantage to the service, and it is believed that
a large portion of the whole expense of moving the
working portion of this yard will be finally repaid
to tho Government by the sale of the valuable prop-
erty now occupied in the midst of the city of Phila-
delphia.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON",
Secretary of the Navy*
Hon. Aaron II. Cragin, Chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, United States tiemte.
To bo expended in preparation for the removal
of the working yard of the Philadelphia naval sta-
tion to League Island: For building on League
Island landing-wharves, dredgWig and filling in,
commencing quay-walls, store-liouses, carpenters'
shop, joiners' shop, smiths' shop, machine shop,
otfice3, steam-engines, scows, boats, derricks, and
machinery and tools of all kinds, §200,000.
The question being put on the amendment,
a division was called for.
Mr. SCOTT. This amendment proposes
to begin the removal of the Philadelphia navy-
yard to League Island. The Philadelphia
navy-yard embraces, I believe, about twenty
acres. It is surrounded now by the growing
city. It is impossible to extend it. There is
no property that can be purchased there for
the purpose of enlarging it, and it is entirely
inadequate to the purpose of a navy-yard.
There are in League Island from four to six
hundred acres—1 do not remember the exact
quantity. I presume it is but a matter of time
as to when that removal will take place. It
has been heretofore proposed to sell the prop-
erty in the city of Philadelphia; and I have
no doubt that whenever this proposition- is
adopted the necessary authority will be given
to sell that property. The lowest estimate
that is put upon the proceeds of the Philadel-
phia navy-yard property is $2,000,000, and
many of the estimates run it up as high as
$3,000,000—a sum adequate to all the improve-
ments that are or will be contemplated upon
League Island. This is an amendment in pur-
suance of the recommend ation of the Secretary
of the Navy, to appropiiate $200,000 to be
expended in preparation for that removal,
and, as a question of public policy, I did not
suppose there would be very much opposition,
if any, made to it.
Mr. COLB. Only a few years ago—I re-
member it well—there was a great deal of
exertion made for the purpose of establish-
ing a navy-yard at League Island. A great
controversy then existed between that place
and New London, in Connecticut, which ran
through at least one Congress. It was the
leading measure on the part of the Senators
and members from the States of Pennsylvania
and Connecticut during pretty much a whole
Congress. League Island succeeded in estab-
lishing a navy yard, after all the expressions
possible of the fitness of the place. It was
claimed to be the best place for a navy-yard
in all the country ; nothing was equal to it,
not even that at Brooklyn, or at Mare Island,
or anywhere elsel But now already, befoie
the buildings are fairly commenced, or befoie
many of them that are projected are completed,
the proposition is brought forward to move it
to some other place, and a large appropriation
is asked for that purpose. I do submit that
this is trifling with the country.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
to correct him? The Senator totally misap-
prehends 
Mr. POMEROY. It is to remove the old
navy-yard to League Island.
Mr. SCOTT. It is not to remove League
Island, but 
Mr. POMEROY. I think League Island
will move itself pretty soon.
Mr. COLB. This is a proposition that has
not been referred to the committee, and I
presume I misapprehended the reading at the
desk.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to set the Senator
from California right about this matter.
Mr. COLK. Certainly, I have not noticed
the proposition.
Mr. BAYAliD. The present navy-yard at
Philadelphia is on the Delaware river, and
League Island is on the Schuylkill. This site
for a navy-yard was purchased and given to
the United States upon condition that it should
become the site for the navy-yard for iron clad
ships. It waa examined thoroughly by the
highest and most competent naval authority
to ascertain whether it was fitted for the pur-
pose for which it was designed. It'was found
to be admirably fitted, and a commission of
naval officers have so reported to the Govern-
ment; and this is the first time the Govern-
ment has been asked to spend any money for
the purpose of improving it and adapting it to
the accommodation of its vessels. The greater
portion of the iron-clad navy of the United
States has rested there, I think, the last two
years; and the waters in which it lies are pecu-
liar in this respect, that the muddy bottoms of
those streams prevent those crustaceous form-
ations which impede the speed of iron vessels.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Did not the
United States lose the very first iron ship it
ever sent to cast anchor at League Island ?
Mr. BAYARD. I believe there was a con-
flagration of a vessel at that point; but 1 never
heard before that a vessel would not burn quite
as quickly in one place as another.
Mr. COLB. The matter is not lelieved very
much, in my judgment, by the correction that
I have been obliged to receive. 1 find through-
out this bill that we have been appropiiating
for the navy -yard at Philadelphia, and now the
proposition is to break up that navy-yard. Why
should we have been making ihese appropii-
ations for the navy-yard at Philadelphia if
we are now to move it to some other place?
League Island is not named in the bill, and I
fell into the error I did by looking through the
bill and finding that League Island is not.men-
tioned in the bill as a navy-yard but that Phil-
adelphia is. Now, how are we to get around
that difficulty?
Mr. BAYARD. I will say very plainly in
this way: it is something like the case of the
famous resolution of a certain congregation
that they would build a new church, and that
they would build the newchuich out of the
materials of the old church; and further, that
they would occupy the old' church until the
new one was built. That, is just the position
here. You must have a navy-yard at Phil-
adelphia where you shall build and repair
your wooden ships. This is a new naval sta-
