1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
tion where iron vessels can be kept with safety
and repaired; and until it is put in condition
by the use of the necessary machinery, &c., to
be of use in that way, you must necessarily use
the old site, which is on the Delaware river.
All the appropriations made are necessary for
the present construction of ships; and the one
of $200,000 now proposed is prospective for
a new site where ships may be built, hereafter.
Mr. COLE. 1 alluded to the difficulty which
I suggested a while ago as a reasou why this
amendment should be withdrawn lor the pres-
ent. There is no appropriation in the bill for
League Island, but for the navy-yard at Phil
adelphia. There are appropriations in the bill
for the offices and establishments of the vari
ous bureaus at that yard. Now, the proposi-
tion is to move those very things to another
place. Of course, if that is done, the expend-
ilure cannot be made at League Island because
the appropriation in the bill is not for League
Island, but for Philadelphia.
.Mr. SCOTT. It is very evident that the
Senator from California has got into some-
thing of a fog about Philadelphia and League
Island and the navy-yard. His first impres-
sion was that the amendment was to remove
the navy yard from League Island to some
place else. Now, the navy yard is notyet estab-
lished really at League island, although, as the
Senator from Delaware has said, the Govern-
ment has accepted the property from the city
of Philadelphia, purchased by that city at an
expense of several hundred thousand dollars,
and with the intention of making it the navy-
yard for the construction, repair, and preset
vation of the iron-clad navy. It is true, as
the Senator has said, that the appropriations
in this bill are for the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia; for instance, " for the clerk of store-
houses, $1,500," &c., at the navy-yard at
Philadelphia; and those appropriations, such
as are necessary to pay the officers at the navy-
vard and to keep up the necessary operations
or' the yard, will continue to be made until it
is moved to League Island.
Mr. POMEROY. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator? Is# there not $200,000 in one of our
bills—I h'ave seen it in some of the bills-
appropriated for the navy-yard at League
Island or Philadelphia? I have seen it in the
civil bill or some other bill.
Mr. SCO FT. No, sir. What the Senator
has reference to, I suppose, is the amendment
that was put on in the House of Representa-
tives the other day to the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill, which broke down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has passed since.
Mr. SCOTT. It has not passed the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. That $200,000 was for
League Island, and not for the Philadelphia
navy yard.
Mr. SCOTT. This is for League Island.
This is voting the necessary appropriations for
the removal of the Philadelphia nayy-yard to
League Island. The improvements are to be
put Oil League Island. If the Senator will
read the amendment he will see that it is " for
the removal of the said working navy yard to
League Island, and for building on League
Island landing-wharves, for dredging and till-
ing in, commencing quay-walls, stoie-houses,
carpenters' shop, joiners' shop, smiths' shop,"
&c., on League Island. This is an appropri-
ation of $200,000 to be expended in prepara-
tion for the removal of the Philadelphia iiavy-
yaid to League Island. This expense, and lar
more, will be reimbursed out of the proceeds
of the sale of the Philadelphia navyjard
whenever the removal is completed to League
Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire whether there
are any estimates in pursuance of which this
$200,000 is asked?
Mr. SCOTT, The Senator was not in his
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not.
Mr. SCOTT. Or he would have heard read
the letter of the Secretary with the accompany-
ing estimate for the amount to be used.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These particular im-
provements?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir; the Secretary of the
Navy recommends them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does it happen,
then, that the appropriation is not in the bill
as it comesfrom the Houseof Representatives?
It seems to be a new proposition started here.
If it is recommended by the Department I
should suppose it would have been sent to us
in the bill
Mr. SCOTT. The recommendation was sent
to the House after the naval appropriation bill
was matured, and was put on the sundry civil
appropriation bill there.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been at a loss to
ascertain really what was the policy of the
Navy Department, representing the Govern-
ment,, whether it was to build up a large navy-
yard at League Island or not. The subject was
agitated here several years ago, and there was
great diversity of opinion. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] says it. never has
been determined yet; "hut 1 submit that it
ought to be determined and settled before we
commence making appropriations.
I have never studied this question particu-
larly myself; but any casual observer must
see that if this nation is to have a large navy-
yard, equal to the opening future of the coun-
try, it ought to be somewhere accessible to
the ocean, ought to be where ships of the very
largest size at all seasons of the year can
approach it.
Now, if I understand where League Island
is—and I have been on it once or twice—it
must be one hundred miles from the ocean.
You may build a ship to-day ot tour thousand
tons burdeu, and load it, and you cannot get
there with it. You cannotgo up that riverat the
ordinary stage of water with any such steamer.
I think that if we are to commence building a
navy-yard, with the future development ot this
country before us and anticipating what we shall
want ultimately in a navy-yard, we ought to
build it, in the first place, where we can get to
it, and secondly, where it is itself accessible
to all the materials that ate used or that need
to be used in the construction of naval vessels.
I do not know but that the latter requirement
is answered at League Island. I think coal
and iron and a great many of the materials are
accessible there, and that League Island is a
good place on that account. But what I object
to is that if we are to commence building a
navy-yard at all we must commence with a
viewof appropriating millionsand notS'200,000
this year. You cannot start building a navy-
yard with any appropriation less than three or
five millions besides what this old navy-yard
will bring when you come to sell it. There are
some twenty acres of ground, which, when cut
into lots, will sell for a considerable sum; but
it will cost as much to move those old buildings
off as you can get for the ground.
Mr. BAYARD. What buildings?
Mr. POMEROY. The navy-yard is to be
moved; and to move the buildings would cost
as much as the whole yard will bring.
Mr. BAYARD. There are 110 buildings
but ship-houses.
Mr.-POMEROY. If there are no buildings
there, why appropriate §200,000 to remove
them? That is the principal proposition
brought in. I submit, feeling probably less
interest in this question than any Senator on
the floor, that we ought to have a well-defined
policy on this question, as a nation, before we
commence our appropriations. It it is really
fixed upon that we are to have League Island
as a navy-yaid, we should calculate to build
it up on a most magnificent scale, and clean
out that, river so that we can get up and down
it. I have been up and down it on a steamer,
and I know what it is. The Senator fro m Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmtods] suggests that it will clean
out the Treasury before we get through, as well
as appropriate so much money to clean out the
river. I do not believe we ought to enter on
this policy now. That is my opinion.
Mr.- SCOTT. I am somewhat surprised that
the Senator from Kansas, who has been here so
many years, should be making an inquiry which
hasbeen answered and settled by aco-nimission
appointed by the Government. The whole
question of whether this is a proper location
for a navy-yard, and whether there is a suffi-
cient depth of waier for steamers to reach it,
was investigated, decided upon, and determined
before the Government accepted the generous
proffer that was made by the city of Philadel-
phia of this League Island. If it were advis-
able at this time of the night to send for the
documents and reports upon that subject, they
are all accessible. They have all been laid be-
fore the proper governmental authorities ; and
the acceptance of the island for that purpose
was in effect an agreement on the part of the
Government to go on and devote it to the pur-
pose for which it was donated and for which it
was accepted.
I did not expect that at this late hour of the
night there would be a reopening of questions
which have been so long befoie Congress, and
which were so fully discussed, fully examined,
and decided upon by the officers of the Gov-
ernment, even to a minute and critical and
lawyer like examination, as it was right there
should be, of the title to every foot of the
land which it was proposed to devote to the
Government. They even looked the gift-horse
in the mouth before they took it. And now,after
all this has been done, it is somewhat surpris-
ing that this opposition should be made to the
first.appropriation, and that, too, recommended
by the. Department, to commence the fulfill-
ment of the promise of the Government made
by accepting this gift for the purpose of a navy-
yard.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We really
do not need any new navy-yards, as I under-
stand the question. Wre are building no ships,
we are simply making repairs; and if we were
going to build ever so many ships, we could
do without at least half the navy-yards we bow
have. If we had one in the extreme South
and one at New York, and another in the far
North, i't would be all that we should need.
Here are Connecticut and Philadelphia that
have been in a strife for several years in order
to obtain magnificent expenditures for a navy-
yard; and one has endeavored to outstrip the
other by donating a spot at New London and
the other at League Island. The Government
has accepted these gifts, but it has not promised
to build a navy-yard at either place, as I un-
derstand. 1 trust that this motion to-night to
decide this important and contested and long-
mooted question will not be entertained. I
move to lay the amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the amendment do lie on
the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Ch mdler.
Cole, Oonkhng, Corbett, iidniuntis. Hamilton ot
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill ot Vermont, Pat-
terson, .Pomeroy, Kobertson. Ross,is.iwyer, bhernial],
Spencer, Spr.igue, Trumbull, and wilson Ll.
JS AYo— Messrs. B.jyard, Biair, Buckingham. C.tt-
tell, Craguj, Fowler, iiamilioti ot MarySanu. liovve,
Johnston, McDonald, Jvye, Odborn, Pool, li.an^y,
Scott, Stearns, Stewart, Stockton, ihuyer, inurwaii,
Tipton, and Viekets.—22. n
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow. Cam-
eron, Cat penter, Ca&seiiy, ^'\VIrfy*ent^u,r A' WIiV
llanagau. Gilbert, Hairi  Hill, IIow<i.ra.
Kellogg, Lewis, McCiecry. Miller, Momli oi Maine,
Morton. Pratt, lievels, Rice, Saukbury. SwutJ,
Sumner, Warner, \\ illey, AV llliauis, and Xate*. Jt.
So the niotipn was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment ot the
Senator from Pennsylvania. .
Mr. COLE. This is certainly hardly justi-
