1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1238
discipline, that they sha'l not be entitled to
graduate and to enter tha Army, and receive
its honors, and receive sb >-ist,enee from the
Government during the resl of their lives as
offices and soldiers. That n what we say;
that they shall not be allowed to muster as
officeis, u:.der the (lag of the United States;
that they shall not be permitted to go forward
and claim the protection of the shield of the
United States, which is the emblem of pro-
tection and law to everyone; that they shall
not be permitted to wear the sword, which is
the baton of their authority and right to com-
mand. That is all. That is all we propose.
That is all that will result in case this reso-
lution shall be adopted and this punishment
shall be inflicted for their offense. Now, sir,,
is that too severe a punishment? Ought it
not to be enforced ? it seems to me that this
statement of the proposition alone is sufficient
to require the adoption of the resolution.
Now, sir, the resolution proposes that the
Secretary of War be recommended to call
a court of inquiry to ascertain who of the
boys were leaders of this mob, and that when
those leaders are found out they shall be abso-
lutely dismissed the service of the United
States. That is the first proposition. Then
it recommends the Secretary of War—and I
take it the House of Representatives could go
no further than a mere recommendation—to
convene a general court-martial, before whom
all the boys implicated in this affair shall be
summoned, and that they shall be puuished
at the discretion of the court-martial. That
is the extent of it. If there be one boy, or
two boys, or three boys there who were ring-
leadersin this affair—if there be half a dozen
or but five, or if there be only one, why the
court-martial will find out that cadet, and the
Secretary of War, if he carries out the recom-
mendation of this resolution, would then dis-
miss that boy summarily from the service of
the United States.
If there are others—thirty, or thirty-five, or
thirty-six—who, instigated by the leaders, were
drawn into this affair as by a maelstrom, in
such a way that they could not resist the in-
fluence and in that way took part in it, why
they will be taken before the court-martial
and will be punished in the discretion of that
body. That will be the result of it. And is
that too severe? Why, sir, it seems to me
that the judgment of every right-minded man,
every fair and impartial man, every man who
looks at it in the proper light, every man, when
this evidence is brought to bis attention, would
say at onco that every one of these youiig men
should be dismissed the service of the United
States, and that there could be nothing less
than that affixed as a penalty to the offense.
Now, that is the extent to which the resolu-
tion goes; and is that too severe? I know it
is claimed, and it so appears in the testimony
here, that there were no principals; that the
entire class were engaged in this matter; but
I think it will turn out, when an investigation
of this kind is ordered, and when the court has
examined into the merits of the affair, into the
insidfi of this affair into which our committee
could not enter—I say I think it vvil! be found
that there were leaders there, men who were
guilty over and above the other boys; but I
know they all affirmed that they were princi-
pals. If that be true, then the result of the
resolution, if carried out by the Secretary of
War, would be to dismiss all those young men
■who were engaged in this outrage.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that with
this statement of the case, with this statement
of the facts before the House, with the testi-
mony which is before the House, if members
liave read and considered it, the resolution
will be, nay, must be, adopted by the House,
and that no other punishment short of this
could be awarded.
Mr. Speaker, 1 stand here, as I before stated,
as the organ, so lar as the presentation oi this
matter is concerned, of the Committee on Mil-
41si Cong, 3d Sess.—No. 78.
itary Affairs. I can say for myself, and I
think I can say for every member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, that we have no
feeling in this matter other than that which
prompts us to discharge fairly the duty which
has been imposed upon us by the House. I
have none, aud I know others have none. We
have come here with this report; we have come
here and spread the facts of this case before
the House and the country in sadness and in
sorrow.
We have come here as a duty, believing that
something must be done to stop this conduct
on the part of the cadets at West Point, or,
as has been said by my colleague, [.Mr. Ben-
jamin,] in his resolution, we must determine
that tfie usefulness of that institution has
passed away, and that it ought to be abol-
ished. We are not prepared, however, at this
time to advocate any such proposition as that.
We come here with this report and ask the
House to act upon it fairly and impartially,
to take into consideration the nature of the
offense and the fact that under our system of
government effect rs given to law by a due
observance aud recognition of the authority
of the officers selected to rule over us, and in
the Army by the respect given to the standing
and authority of the officers there. That is
the bas'13 of our sure protection in this coun-
try, and not any mere farce of a standing
Army, not any fear of the results that would
come" from that sort of rule. We must give
the law our sanction ; it must receive its effi-
cacy more from the respect shown it and its
officers than in any other way.
I now ask the House to consider these reso-
lutions well, and to act upon them in the same
spirit in which they have been brought here by
the Committee on Military Affairs. It may be
said that there are individuals in this class who
have a very high standing in the community
and in the country, by .reason of their connec-
tion with those high in rank among the rulers
aud officers of the Government; but is that
any reason why we should not act upon these
resolutions as if there were no such members
in this first class? If men of high standing
and connections commit offenses, so much the
greater is the wrong done to society, so much
wider is the breach of discipline, and for those
offenders punishment should be awarded as
certainly and as strictly as though the offense
had been committed by the lowest aud the
humblest person in the land.
It is the boast of the British Government
that under its constitution and laws the highest
personage in the land, the Prince of Wales
even, is amenable to punishmentforany viola-
tion of its laws. And why should we have a
less regard for law and authority than is had in
that country? If this punishment is awarded
to these boys they will still go into society ; the
world is wide in which they Qan choose their
course, and they can still devote their talents
and attainments to obtaining a livelihood.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to put an in -
quiry or two to the gentleman from Missouri, ]
[Mr. Asper ] j
Mt\ ASPELl. Very well. >
Mr. POLAND. I observe that the second j
resolution reported by him proposes that the 1
Secretary of War shall order a court of inquiry
for the purpose of ascertaining the ringlt-aders
in this affair, and that then the_ ringleaders
shall be summarily dismissed. Now, I would
like to inquire of the gentleman if he under-
stands that the Secretary of War or the Presi-
dent of the United States has power to dis-
miss a cadet from the Academy at West Point I
without.any trial?
Mr. ASPER. I do so understand; and that j
has been the practice. j
Mr. POLAND. Does the gentleman under- ■
stand that the President has power to dismiss j
auy officer of the Army without a trial? i
Mr. ASPER. These are not officers of the
Army, and will not be until they shall have
been commissioned.
Mr. POLAND. I would inquire when, the
President has exercised any such power.
Mr. ASPBB. I would like the Chair to
inform me how much of my hour is left.
The SPEAKER. About ten minutes.
Mr. ASPER. I will yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Slooom.] my colleague
on the Committee on Military Affairs, for eight
minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it the purpose of the
gentleman then to call the previous question?
Mr. ASPER. If the House shall desire it.
Mr. SLOCUM. If there is anything to be
said in opposition to this report I should pre-
fer it should be said before I address the House
upon this question.
Mr. ASPER. Then I will yield to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. AxteliJ for five
minutes.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
restoring the cadets meets my approval, and
I hope will be unanimously adopted by the
House. It leans to the side of clemency. It
seeks to save and not to destroy. And while
I deprecate interference wiih the regulations
of the Academy by the House of Represent-
atives, yet if I err it shall be on the side of
mercy:
"And mercy to him that shows it is the rule and
righteous limitation of tho -act whereby Heaven
moves in pardoning guilty man."
The second resolution I oppose, and shall
vote against. It reeom mends, in fact, the dis-
missal of the whole first class of our national
Military Academy, for in this movement there
were neither leaders nor instigators. It was
a voluntary, impulsive, unanimous movement.
The class engaged in it; the class avow it.
The young men are guilty as a class. There
are neither leaders nor followers; all are
principals. All must be punished alike.
Mr. SLOCUM. Where does the gentleman
get his authority for saying- there were not
leaders?
Mr. AXTELL. From the evidence. They
avow the act as theifs, and they sign them-
selves as the first class.
Mr. SLOCUM. I know that avowal was
false; I know there were leaders.
Mr. AXTELL. I will answer the gentleman
by the course of reasoning which I adopt. The
resolution provides that the instigators shall
be dismissed the Academy. That expels the
entire class. My own observation is that in
these offenses which are the offspring of impulse
there generally are no instigators in the legal
sense of the word. There is no design in a mob.
The sentiment exists alike in numerous indi-
viduals of a community, which on some sud-
den and often unexpected occasion breaks into
a riot. There is no preconcert. There are no
instigators, though tjjpre will be leaders. You
might as well attempt to determine which
grain of powder instigated an explosion as
to designate the particular man who instigated
a mob. Fleecy an^J sleeping clouds lie all
along the sky; by a suddet and inexplicable
electrical jar they quickly combine, are rolled
together in a thick, black tempest, and deso-
late the world. . _ -
These impulsive acts are of all crimes the
least criminal. An impulsive killing by a
multitude has none of the horrible features of
individual and preconcerted murder.
Let us apply these general principles and put
ourselves in the place of these young officers.
After years of study and preparation they are
admitted to the Academy ; they pass with
more or less credit through nearly four years
of study and discipline; they have arrived
within view of the commencement day ; they
are soon to take their places among men, the
honored graduates ot VVesfc Point. Upon an
impulse, and an impulse in tie right direction;
they engage in an unlawful act. In this uu-
lawfal act there is no exhibit ion of uusoldierly
qualities; there is neither meanness, cow-
ardice, nor wanton cruelty. The presence of
one stimulates the other; tLe responsibility i-s
