1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
I>etent engineer and medical officers designated by
the Secretary of the Navy and has complied with
existing regulations.
Sec. —. That of the naval constructors, three shall
rank with captains, two with commanders, and all
uthers with lieutenant commanders or lieutenants;
and assistant naval constructors shall rank with
lieutenants or masters; four chaplains shall rank
with captains, seven with commanders, andnotmore
than seven with lieutenant commanders or lieuten-
ants; three professors of mathematics who shall rank
with captains, fourwho shall rank with commanders,
andfourwith lieutenant commanders; and that the
President of the United States.ishere.by authorized,
in his discretion, to determine and fix the relative
rank of civil engineers: Provided. That the pay of
said officers shall not be increased.
Sec. —. That the foregoing grades hereby estab-
lished for the staff corps of the Navy shall be filled
by appointment trorn the highest numbers in each
corps, according to seniority, and that new commis-
sions shall be issued to the officers so appointed, ill
which commissions the titles and grades herein
established shall be Inserted, and no existing com-
mission shall be vacatcd in the said several staff
corps, except by the issue of new commissions re-
quired by the provisions of this act, and no officer
shall be reduced in rank or lose seniority in his own
corps by any change which may be required under
the provisions of this act; and the officers of the
medical, pay, and engineer corps of the Navy, chap-
lains and naval constructors, shall take precedence
in their several corps, and with officers of the line
with whom they hold relative rank in their several
grades a.nd according to length of service in the
Navy: Provided, That in estimating the length of
service for this purpose the several officers of the
medical, pay, and engineer corps, chaplains, and the
naval and assistant naval constructors, shall respect-
ively take precedence in their several grades and
with those officers of the line of the Navy with whom
they hold relative rank who have been in the naval
service six years longer than such medical, pay, or
engineer officers, chaplains, or constructors^ have
been m said service: And provided Jurtker, That 111
estimating such length of service officers who have
been advanced or lost numbers on the Navy Register
shall be considered as having gamed or lost length
of service accordingly: And provided further. That
chiefs of bureaus shall be appointed from persons
having the relative rank of captainsin the staff corps
of the Navy on the active fist: And provided jurther.
That no staff officer shall in virtue of his relative
rank or precedence have any additional right to
quarters.
Shu.—. That, officers ofthe medical, pay, and engin-
eer corps. chaplains, and also constructors, who shall
have served faithfully for forty-five years, shall, when
retired, rank with commodores; and officers of these
several corps, who have been or shalf bo retired at
the age of'sixty-two years, before having served for
forty-fiveyears, butwhoshall haveserved faithfully
until retired, on the completion of forty years from
their entry intotheservice, shall also from that time
rank with commodores; and officers ofthe medical,
pay, and engineer corps, chaplains, and also con-
structors, who have been or shall bo retired for
causes incident to the service before arriving at
sixty-two years of age, shall have the same rank on
the retired list as pertained to their position on the
active list: Provided, however, That nothing con-
tained in this act shall be construed to increase the
pay now provided for said several staff officers._
Sec.—. Thatthechic-fs of the Bureaus ofMedicine
and Surgery, Provisions and Clothing, Steam Engin-
eering, Constructioa and Repair, shall rank with
commodores while holding said position, or it here-
tofore or hereafter retired therefrom by reason of
age or length of service they shall rank with com-
modores, with pay as now provided by law, and shall
have, respectively, the title of Surgeon General, Pay-
master General, Engineer-in-Chief, and Chief Con-
structor: Provided, Thatwhon the office of chief of
bureau is filled bv a line officer below the rank of
commodore said officer shall rank with commodores
during the time he holds said office: And provided
Jurtker, That the pay of chiefs o f bureaus m the Navy
Department shall be the highest pay of the grade
to which they belong, but not below that of com-
modore.
Sec.—. That commanding officers of vessels of
wai and of naval stations shall take precedence
over all officers placed under their command ; that
the executive officer of a vessel of war or naval sta-
tion (representing the commanding officer thereof)
shall, as far as practicable, be next in rank to said
commanding officer, and shall (when acting as such
representative) take precedence over a-U officers
attached to such vessel or station, while in the dis-
charge of his duties, as connected wilh such vessel
or station; and all orders of such executive officer
shall be regarded as proceeding from the command-
ing officer.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire put in " five " instead of
" six ?"
Mr. CRAGIN. My own opinion is that five
years added to the length of service of the
staff officers is enough; but,, at the same time,
take the case of surgeons ; I think six years is
none too much. Let me suggest that by the
provisions of this amendment precedence is
given to the staff officers according to length
of service in the Navy, and six years is added
to the staff officers. That is, a surgeon who has
been twenty years and one day in the service
ranks above a captain who has been twenty-six
years in the service. That is enough ; and if
they want any more than that they certainly
never will get it from me. But the suggestion
of my friend from Rhode Island is to put that
"six" at "five" years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not that what the com-
mittee reported ?
Mr. CRAGIN. The committee did intend
to report five years. It is drawn both ways,
"five" and "six."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which way did they
report ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Five years. In the mean
time it is more satisfactory to the staff, and I
am willing it should ho six years. But after
all I will call it "five,", if my friend from
Rhode Island thinks it had better be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In which form
does the Senator from New Hampshire leave
the amendment, "five" or "six" years?
Mr. CRAGIN. "Six" years.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that I have about
five hundred pages of literature on this ques-
tion, and I suppose that every Senator has
been equally fortunate with myself. I sup-
pose that none of us have read more than
about half of it. I do not know exactly which
half I have read; whether I have read more
for the-line or more for the staff. I confess
that I am totally unable to vote intelligently
on the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator from Ohio. If he thinks he has
not sufficient information on the subject, I can
furnish him with a hundred pages or more that
will enlighten him. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Some more literature?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. If the Sen-
ator is not advised, I can furnish him a hun-
dred pages more.
Mr. THURMAN. As the Senator from Illi-
nois is the chairman of my committee, and as
it is particularly his duty to find out all there
is and send to us about it, I think, instead of
handing over his book, he had better make an
abstract of it, give us a catalogue raisonng, as
the French say. But, sir, 1 should like to know
why the Government does not give us some
light on this subject. Has the Navy Depart-
ment made any recommendation on the sub-
ject? They understand it better than we do.
Is there any communication from the Presi-
dent or the Secretary of the Navy, making
any recommendation one way or the other?
If there is, I should like to know what it is.
Now, this question, if it is to be debated, it
seems to me must be debated upon a separate
bill. I have no doubt that there must be some
trouble that requires action ; otherwise we
should not be annoyed as we are—I will not
say annoyed, because these gentlemen have a
right to be heard, but we should not have so
many applications to us upon this question.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. THURMAN. In one moment.
Mr. STEWART. It is in connection with
what the Senator says. It is simply this : that,
from the amount of papers I have received on
this subject, I think almost all the people are
interested in it, and I am going to obey the
general instructions of the people upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that the
people have instructed us at all on this subject.
If they have, I have not received any instruc-
tions from them for my part. What I wish to
say is this : the Senator from New Hampshire
surely cannot expect that the Senate, with
barely a quorum present,and at eleven o'clock
at night, can discuss this question. I am dis-
posed to consider it, whenever it can come up,
fairly, so as to do perfect justice to all these
gentlemen. There may be cause of complaint
for all that I know, and I take' it there must
be, or there would not be so much sensitive-
ness on the subject; but I do not think we can
discuss it upon this bill, and it the chairman
of the Naval Committee insists upon its being
discussed here, I think the best thing we can
do is to adjourn, and let us have a full Senate
when it is discussed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN, (to Mr. Thot.man.) Move
to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. No; I will not do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will with-
draw the motion to adjourn I will submit a
motion that this amendment lie on the table.
It is manifest that we ought not to act upon
it on this bill, and we ought to finish this bill
to-night.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope it will not be laid on
the table. I should like to speak fifteen min-
utes upon it. I think in tea minutes I can
explain this matter so that every Senator will
see just how it is.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot agree that the
Senator from New Hampshire shall make us
vote on a ten-minutes explanation from him
without our having read any of the fine argu-
ments that we have received, or hearing the
other side. He is on one side or the other.
But I would not move to lay the amendment
on the table 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
yield to his colleague for that purpose?
Mr. THURMAN. I would not move to lay
on the table an amendment offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
with the sanction of that committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. At eleven o'clock at night
I would do almost anything to get the bill
through.
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague is dis-
posed to make that motion I will yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the amendmentlieon the table.
Mr. NYE. I want to say one word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion if I
have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has the floor, and moves that the amend-
ment be laid on the table.
Mr. NYE. I only ask a quarter of a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio yield?
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield for a quarter of
a minute.
Mr. NYE. That is all I ask. Isimplywant
to say to the Senate that if they have one single
bowel of com passion they will pass this bill and
take these riders off our backs, for I have been
ridden by line and staff until I am galled like
an old canal-horse. [Laughter.] I cannot
stand it any longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Boreman, Ca^serly, Cole, Ed-
munds, Hamilton of Maryland, McCreery, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, and xhur-
m.iii—12. , .
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair Buckingham,
Chandler, Conklmg, Corbett.Cragin, iowler, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Hailan, Howe, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Pool, Ramsey, Scott, Spencer. Stearns, Stewart,
Thayer. Tipton, Trumbull, and Wilson ~8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Davis, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Harris, Hill, Howard,
llowell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Miller, Morrill
of Maine, Morton. Pratt, Revels, Rice. Saulsbury,
Schurz, Stookton, Sumner, Vickers, Warner, VV llley,
Williams, and Yates—3-1..
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. 1 hope we shall now have a
vote. The bill, as we all see, is very nearly
perfected now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that while.
I shall vote for this amendment it is not such
a bill aud does not contain such provisions as
