408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
for a list of the grantees, grants, debts, and
creditors? There is such a list attached to
the Ireaty; ay, and it was once or twice copied
for, but somehow never sent to the Senate!
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask my friend from
New York one question. -Could any one have
•withdrawn that paper 'which was annexed to
the treaty except the President, or some one
by his authority ?
Mr. COX. I have no knowledge of that;
but I do affirm, because I learned it at the
death-bed of a man who saw it,'that that list
of debts and franchises was annexed to the
treaty, and he copied them; and they never
went to the Senate of the United States; and
now, as my colleague [Mr. Wood] says, if
we get the island, we get the shell, with the
oyster out and the pearl also. And yet we
Democrats are to be dragooned, on account
of our old policy of manifest destiny and terri-
torial expansion, into voting for this most
exceptional measure.
Mr. BKCK. Could they be withdrawn
except by the President or some one by his
authority?
Mr. COX. I do not know how things can
be done under this present Administration.
God only knows how this Administration is
conducted in its arcana, its secret recesses.
It is run by aid de-camps and military peo-
ple, who even come to the floor of this House
for the purpose of assisting us in our legis-
lation. Does the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Oeth] know whether this list is attached
to the treaty? Has he read the report sent in
last eveniirg?
Mr. Olil'H. Does the gentleman wish an
answer now ?
Mr. COX. Not if it comes out of my time.
The gentleman will have an opportunity to
answer hereafter.
Why was this list not sent? Is it any larger
now; and, if so, who besides the names on the
furtive list have since been added to it as
Dominican bondholders? How much has the
Anglo-Dominican debt been increased?
No, Mr. Speaker, this resolution is not
called for. The proviso may be voted down,
but whether it be or not, the scheme will be
put through. It has already been foreshad-
owed and discounted. The Independent news-
paper presaged this when it said last week
that this question was not to be decided on
its merits, but to please the President. If this
bo not, so, why does he not give ns in advance
something besides the artificial clamor of his
parasites? Must itbe passed to save a sinking
party? Is the "Tennessee" fired up, and the
favorablereport already drawn to befool the
people with a sham observation, under the
guidance of a lot of interested speculators or
ductile fluukevs? Why, we do not treat the
Indians half so cavalierly as this bill proposes
to treat both contracting parties. Is there to
be no frank, fair consent of both peoples to
this measure? When have they spoken?
Must these excursionists inhale the breezy
deep and its fragrant tropical murmurs to
save the remnant of that respect which still
totters about to honor the dispenser of Fed-
eral patronage? Oh, bnt it is for commerce;
we must have a bay and port for commerce!
Well, what prevents this Congress from reviv-
ing commerce in a straightforward and states-
man like way? Who is to answer for this
neglect? A nice scheme, to get a port for
a commerce that is not! How our phantom
ships will sail into Samana; how our ghosts of
steamers will rush for the coffee and bananas
of Domingo I
What has led this House and the members
-who voted against General Banks in January,
1869, to reverse their action? The Globe of
that day ha3 their names. Is it the private
influence of General Grant, so scandalously
promised in a quasi treaty by a so-called aid-
de camp of the President?- If indeed you
want the facts of this transaction observe the
conduct of Perry, and read the testimony of
Hatch, and note how they were treated. I
venture to say such proceedings are an abyss
below the infamy of the ancient freebooters
of the Caribbean! And this is the scheme
to which we Democrats are invited by these
new-fangled disciples of manifest destiny and
territorial expansion !
We Democrats are twitted by_ the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Orth] with departure
from our ancient faith. Well, times dochange,
and men with them, else how comes it that
these opponents of the Democracy rejoice in
the policy of expansion they ever opposed?
So now you are imitating the despised Democ-
racy, are you? Is Saul also among the pro-
phets? Sometimes a policy depends for its
value on its agent. Prince Arthur's sword of
magic eould only be wielded by the prince.
The magic fled when a stranger took from its
hilt the jewels, and its temper died when
another tried to swing it. Be not concerned
for our consistency. The people understand
this matter.
Iam not opposing this scheme because it
adds territory. I belong to the school which
believes that the greater nation will gradually
absorb the lesser on this continent. I have
often so spoken here. I believe that to be the
law of our existence and our institutions. But
that law is suspended when an unnatural, cor-
rupt, and noisome scheme is the attraction.
Like the abnormal capillary attraction which
makes water run up, this sort of device re-
verses political gravitation. Our Constitu-
tion was calculated, as Mr. Jefferson said, for
extensive empire and self-government. An
empire of force is unsubstantial; an extension
by fraud is based on rotten stubble; and an
extended empire, which under the present
Administration ignores self-government in
States, is full of the dangers and vices of
expansion without the compensating benefits.
Is there any precedent for this commission?
The Puritans were in the habit of quoting the
Bible as a justification for seizing the lands
of the red men ; but they did not hypocritic-
ally pretend to send out commissions. They
followed the son of Nun, who said, (Joshua
2, verse ii.,) "Prepare ye victuals, for in three
days ye shall pass over this Jordan to go in
and possess the land which the Lord your God
giveth you to possess it." But #e do not read
of any put up jobs concerning the land of
Canaan, nor any grants of milk and honey.
Joshua sent some spies, who went into Jeri-
cho, and kept bad company, too, who helped
to "search out the land;" and perhaps this
is the precedent; but Israel was bound to'have
the lands, and Rahab, the harlot, was the only
conspirator in the land of milk and honey.
Is Baez your political and masculine Iiahab?
If not, who?
It is no objection to me that the territory is
not conterminous; the Pacific coast was not, in
fact, so near as this island when annexed ; nor
that the two hundred thousand blacks and mixed
are not as orderly as even our own negroes. We
have emancipated—given civil rights and suf-
frage—to four millions, and we can stand a few
more. The man who swallowed the pumpkin
was confident he could "worry down" a peach.
Nor do I care to go back into the horrors
of San Domingo, her destitution, ruin, blood-
thirstiness, and revolutions; though it would
be as well to reconcile and govern decently
our own States first, before aggravating our
own disquietudes. I do not care if the island
is as gloomy as a picture of Rembrandt—more
dark than light, and what lights there are, much
like a shade. Nor do I consider-that the coun-
try^ not isothermal with ours; not fit for
white labor. Nor Will I inquire into the mode
by which this scheme was inaugurated or is to
be advanced, whether legal or constitutional;
though such infractions, like such territory
thus acquired, with our present tendency to
centralizing Federal power, is weakness "and
not strength. Nor do I care so much that the
race speak a foreign tongue, and bad Spanish
at that; that they are idle, turbulent, unpro-
ductive, and worthless. All these objections
may, in time, be obviated, as they have been
in other acquisitions. Nor will I consider the
heavy expenditure, except as it involves the
fostering of speculation and corruption; nor
the probabilities or expense of a war with
Hayti. I object to the scheme because it is
a corrupt, specious, prearranged device and
jobbery: It is for private speculation, and not
for public ends.
It is not to be compared with the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana or the Floridas, nor to the
"ordeal of nascent States," which Texas had
gone through to meet our outstretched arms;
nor to the splendid achievement by which Cal-
ifornia came to us, making for civilization a
golden gate eastward and westward, and open-
ing the way for the Australasian world, with
its empire of wealth and commerce. These
achievements of the Democracy are the mount-
ains on which the sun lingers long after the val-
ley is dark, and beneath whose shadow this job
of lands, mines, salt, colonization, franchisesj
and debt negotiations sinks into the proportion
of an atom. The doctrine of Jefferson, Mon-
roe, and Polk; of Everett, Quincy Adams,
and Marcy; the doctrine of non-intervention
by Europe, and the extension of territory by
ourselves, is so far above this job of the aid-
de-camp and the Dominican president, that I
hesitate to compare, lest I dishonor the fame
of the great men'of the Republic, by connect-
ing them with their mercenary mimics and
selfish adulators! If this commission could
sweeten this scheme as it has been devel-
oped in the Senate and in the press, by any
fresh information, I might favor the com-
mission ; but not all the frankincense offered
before the President, or the oratorical incense,
which is here so frequently odoriferous, can
deodorize the unpleasant putrescence which
hangs about this Dominican speculation.
When the Democracy obtain control of the
Administration, the doctrines of territorial
expansion can be realized with safety, and the
result from our acquisitions be made strength
and not weakness.
Mr. AMBLER. I yield five minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, as I differ from
so many of my esteemed friends upon this
question, I ask the indulgence of the House
while I explain one or two of the reasons which
have led me to the course which 1 have adopted.
I cannot concur with those gentlemen on
either side of the House who think that respect
for the President of the United States demands
the concurrence of the House in this resolution.
The President of the United States has com-
municated to Congress two things, and two
things only : first, that he has in his possession
information which warrants him in the belief
that it is for the public interest to make a treaty
for the annexation of Dominica; second, a
request to Congress to appoint commissioners
with authority to negotiate such a treaty.
Now, the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
through the gentleman who is their mouth-
piece on this occasion, refuses to submit to
this House a resolution requesting the Presi-
dent to lay before it the information upon
which he has acted, and which he says lie has.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs refuses fo
allow the sense of (his House to be taken on
the request contained in the message of the
President of the United States to appoint com-
missioners with authority to negotiate a treaty.
Instead of that they bring before the House
a proposition which the President never lias
suggested, to appoint a commission, whose
duties, if applied to any State in this country,
with all the means and appliances of our Cen-
sus Bureau, would take from six to twelve
months to perforin in a decent or reasonable
manner. Who has a right to say that Presi-
dent Grant has indorsed or that President
Grant desires the perpetration of the farce, as
