1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
I would desire, hut it is a step in the right
direction. It will throw the subject into the
hands of conferees, who, I trust, will improve
it much-
Mr. TI1UUMAN. I wish to say in all
seriousness that I cannot vote on this question
intelligently, and I do not think il is right to
require the Senate to vote upon it with barely
a quorum, only two more than a quorum pres-
ent, as the last vote shows, and without any
discussion of it at all. We know that a great
deal has been said and written on both sides
of the question. I understand there is no
recommendation from the Department; at least
in answer to my inquiry whether there had
been there has been no response, and I there-
fore* take it there has been no recommendation
from the Department on the subject. Those
who are best capable of enlightening us upon
it, those whose duty it is to enlighten us upon
it, have not seen fit to do so. Under these
circumstances 1 am not disposed to go into a
guessing operation as to what we ought to do.
If other Senators are sufficiently advised, if
they do understand it and will explain it, then,
for one, I shall be willing to vote. But as the
matter now stands, without any explanation
at all, without understanding it at all, and
with the belief that there are others who are
in as unfortunate a condition as I am, I can-
not agree that the vote shall be taken ; and if
it is insisted upon I shall move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I regret very much that
this bill in relation to the line and staff has
been changed so materially from the shape in
which it came to us from the House. I do
not think i shall vote in favor of it, because
it does not meet my approbation in any respect
■whatever. The bill Irom the House was a well-
considered bill, matured with great care, and
it provided for correcting the great impropri-
ety and abuses that existed in the Navy, and
for placing theNavy in precisely the same con-
dition that the Army is placed, which has been
found to work well, and is working well in the
Army now. 1 am not sure, however, that 1
shall vote against it, as I hope the conferees
to be appointed on the part of the House will
virtually restore the bill as it came to us from
the House. I am surprised that any altera-
tion was made in that bill by a committee of
this body to degrade so valuable a set of offi-
cers as those whom it was intended to benefit.
1 do not think therefore that I can vote for it
Mr. SCO T!1. It is idle to think of discuss-
ing the question involved in this bill at this
time of tile session; and it is only because I
deem it due to myself as a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs that 1 say a word.
1 wish simply to say before this matter passes
from the Senate that I am not satisfied with
the provisions of the amendment as they are
now before the Senate. I do not believe that
the existing trouble, which is really bringing
discredit upon the Navy, will be remedied by
its provisions. 1 do not think, so long as we
leave the rank of the staff an assimilated rank,
and leave the executive officer in the position
in which he is left by I his measure, the troubles
in the Navy will be relieved. If it were at any
other time, having given some little attention
to this subject, as a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, I should iiave something to
say upon it; but I deem it due to myself to
say this much before the bill passes from the
Senate, in the hope, as has been said, that it
may be amended in a committee of conference.
Mr. SPENCER. I desire simply to say
that the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire is entirely unsatisfactory to me,
and I believe, if this subject could be dis-
cussed in the Senate, and a majority of the
Senators could understand it, the bill as it
passed the House would pass the Senate by a
large majority. But while I am opposed to
luis amendment I shall vote for it, as the Sen-
ator from Maine said, " because it is a step in
the right direction." Hoping that the commit-
tee of conference of the House will overrule
the Senate committee, and that in the end we
shall get the original House bill, I shall vote
for this amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY, I regret very much that
this matter of the staff and line controversy
has been brought forward at this late stage of
the session. We have but two days more
within which to do anything. Yet what is the
state of our Calendar as to the most essen-
tial bills? I speak of course of the appro-
priation bills. The naval appropriation bill is
still ponding. We have not yet touched the
fortification bill ; the civil sundries bill, the
deficiency bill, a bill calling for over twenty
million dollars, as I am informed; nor the
river and harbor bill. All those important
bills have not yet b^>n touched, and the naval
appropriation bill is still pending. Yet gen-
tlemen have raised here a controversy which
has agitated the Navy for years ; about which
more has been written than three or four times
the matter of a history of the American Navy
from its birth. The Navy is more deeply
divided upon the question than ever before
on any question. The gentlemen of the Navy
take grounds precisely according to their own
rank. The staff are almost to a man on one
side ; the line, with equal unanimity, on th6
other. How are we to decide ? The only
thing that is quite certain is that it is a-subject
of very great excitement in the Navy ; that it
is a subject not at all free from difficulty; and
that whatever disposition we make of it we
shall probably leave the seeds of great dissat-
isfaction, perhaps of dissension and disorgan-
ization in the Navy.
Is not that all true? Does not everybody
know it? Is it not also true that the subject
is one which ought to have a thorough discus-
sion—a discussion lasting two or three days?
Nothing less than that would be appropriate
to the magnitude and the difficulties of the
question. If the matter is pressed now, one
of two things must result: either the subject
is to consume time, precious time, that belongs
to the appropriation bills, and which cannot,
except wrongfully, be taken away from them,
or else it is to be disposed of with virtually no
debate and in utter ignorance of the merits of
the subject on the part of three fourths of the
Senators present.
Is this latter course right or fair to the
Navy? If we are going to settle this question,
let us make a settlement for good and all, one
that will dispose of these serious difficulties,
that will remove the apple of discord from the
Navy. An imperfect settlement is worse than
none. The existing state of things is better
than a blundering attempt at adjustment.
Why so ? Because to the existing state of
things men and matters have accommodated
themselves somewhat; but with your new state
of things the process of accommodation and
adjustment would have to begin all over again.
The heart-burnings would not be lessened at
all; the direction of them only would be
changed, and they would break out with more
than their former activity and bitterness.
1 am not a member of the dominant party
here. I have no special responsibility for the
failure of the appropriation bills, if they shall
fail. Actually I can have no responsibility
whatever, because I have offered no obstruc-
tion to them. I have given them all reasonable
furtherance in my power. But I call the atten-
tion of Senators seriously to the question
whether, at this period of the session, they
will launch the Senate into a debate upon this
difficult and long-agitated question. Or, if
they will not do that, will they insist seriously
upon the passage of the bill of the Naval Com-
mittee without any adequate debate, or indeed
without any debate whatever? I have not
heard anybody say a word on the merits of the
question except the chairman of the Naval
Committee, who spoke for a few minutes.
I trust that we shall either lay this amend-
ment on the table or that we shall adjourn.
On principle, I have voted almost invariably
against the application of the new rule, by
which an amendment can be laid on the table
without carrying the bill with it. I have done
so because I considered the rule a vicious one,
because it cut off discussion. In so voting I
meant to make my protest against the rule.
But here isacase where, in justice to measures
much more important and much more urgent
than this, by no possibility can there be any fit
debate; and an imperfect debate is worse than
none, besides being a waste of time. I shall
move to adjourn, and if that is voted down I
shall move to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. COLE. Will my colleague withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. For what purpose? I
am willing to sit here and pass the appropria-
tion bill just as it stands, without further legis-
lation in it.
Mr. COLE. Will he withdraw it for one
moment ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. My colleague complains that
there are many bills behind unfinished, and
now he makes a proposition which will keep
them further back, and I must infer that his
purpose is to keep the business bark. He pro-
poses a discussion of several days on almost
every question. I am sure we shall never get
along with business if we consume so much
time on it. Let us vote on the amendment,
now that we have reached every disposition of
it we can but to vote upon it; the motion hav-
ing been made to lay on the table, and that
failing, let us vote upon the measure.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wonder that my
colleague has difficulty with his appropriation
bills. The first necessity for a good chairman
or committee-man on appropriations is some
accuracy of ideas ; but after the statement
which he has made as to my position on the
appropriation bills I see he is totally wanting
in that essential quality. Who that has listened
to me, or that knows anything of my course
upon these appropriation bills, but must have
heard with amazement my colleague's intima-
tion that I was seeking to delay them. Nor
sir, I have not sought to delay them. The
greatest stumbling-block in their way that I
have seen is my colleague. He is eternally
speaking and rarely saying anything, [laughter]
opposing everything that comes up, even when
it can be disposed of in five minutes ; and now
be has so much at heart the disposition of this
naval appropriation bill that he insists on
bringing into it an element which he knows if
it gets into his bill will produce perhaps a dead-
lock between this House and the other.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President——
Mr. CASSEKLY. I am not through.
Mr. COLE. My colleague indulges 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] declines to yield,
and he cannot be interrupted without his con-
sent.
Mr. CASSERLY. My colleague misstated
my position so absurdly, as it seems to me.
that I found it necessary to reply to him; and
now if my colleague will wait until I get
through he will be at liberty, of course, to take
as long as he likes.
Mr. COLE. I am afraid my colleague will
never get through.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, sir, if 1 should be
in that unhappy predicament, I should be very
much, or nearly, in the situation of my col-
league with his bills, who not only has not
got through, but at his gait will never get
through.
Mr. COLE. As my colleague would have it.
Mr. CASSEIILY. My colleague may think
it a proper thing in him as chairman of the
committee thus to interrupt me from his seat,
I^ leave it to the Senate to judge. Meantime,
if he will allow me, I would rather go on.
I say, sir, that my colleague has so much at
heart the passage of the naval appropriation
bill, that he proposes and is ready to be angiy
