1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
divided. Upon an impulse, rather than by pre-
concert., they commit this offense. Shall we,
80 innny of us gray-haired men, so many of
us fathers, forget the indiscretions and frolics
of our college days, and mete out to these
jo.ing men the severest penalty known to col-
lege law—expulsion? Shall we alienate from
the country these our young officers, whom we
have educated? The United States are rich
and powerful, but not rich enough nor strong
enough to afford to lose the affections of a
single one of lief children.
Nor should we attempt in any way by legis-
lation either to alter the penalty or methods
of trial for past offenses. A resolution is in
effect a law; called by another name, but still
a statute. Let us be carelul to provide for
future, not past cases. A resolution which
should direct the General of the Ariny to con-
vene a court-martial, and try all officers who
had engaged in ct-rtain unlawful acts last year,
and to dismiss the leaders from the service,
would sound to my ears much like an ex post
facto law. In attacks upon our Military or
Naval Academy I have no sympathy. I hope
to see military instruction and military disci
pline introduced into all our colleges and high
schools. We should keep up but a small reg-
ular army, but all our people should be trained
to arms. And now, as the school of the back-
woods with the daily camp life and rifle-prac-
tice of the forest and prairie is rendered im-
possible, we must substitute daily practice in
our schools and academies. Every American
ought to be a trained soldier. Let us take a
lesson from grand old Germany to-day, where
every man is an educated citizen and every
citizen a trained soldier. The use of arms
ennobles a man, gives him a consciousness of
manhood. Let us liberally cherish our mili-.
tary academies and increase their number till
there shall be at least one in every State. And
particularly let us be careful b.y just and noble
conduct toward the youth educated there to
attach them by strong bonds of gratitude and
love, not only to the alma mater of their grad
nation, but to that other greater, cherishing
mother, their country.
Mr. ASPER. I now ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no ; let us
not dispose of this matter without debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope thegentleman from
Missouri will not press the demand for the
previous question. I want to discuss this ques-
tion myself.
Mr. NlBLACK. I trust the call for the
previous question will not be sustained.
On sustaining the previous question there
were—ayes 58, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Mr. ASPER. 1 am perfectly willing that
the debate on this que^ion shall go on, and
will withdraw the demand for the previous
question, giving notice that 1 shall endeavor
to get the floor at two p'clock to morrow to
call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must advise
the gentleman ihat to-morrow has, under a
suspension of the rules, been assigned to other
business.
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Missouri to go on and finish the question
now.
I he SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. ASPER. I do.
Mr. BUI LEU of Massachusetts and Mr,
SLOCUM addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Ch.iir is compelled
to recognize I he gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Si.ooum] a member of the sub-committee.
Mr. SLOUU.M. Mr. Speaker, I was not in
favor of an investigation of this matter by-Con-
gress 1 believed that the Pi esident possessed -
full powers to correct any evils that might exist,
at, ihe .Military Academy at. West Point., and
that he was in possession of, or could very
easily be placed in possession of, all the facts
necessary to a full understanding of the case.
The House, however, decided to make the in-
vestigation, and, much against my own wishes,
I was placed on the sub-committee. I did not
fully concur in the resolutions that have been
recommended for the adoption of the House.
I believe the circumstances demanded a much
more decided action than is recommended by
those resolutions. I acceded to thetn, how-
ever, to secure united action on the part of the
committee, and with the hope that the discus
sion of this unpleasant affair in the House
might thereby be avoided. 1 have, however,
been disappointed in this expectation, a dis-
cussion having eusued and statements been
made calculated to mislead the House and the
Qountry as to the real causes of the t'rouble.
For me to sit quietly by and have statements
made casting odium on the officers of the
Academv, believing as I do that these officers
are not really responsible nor greatly to blame
for the disgraceful affair which has occurred
at the Academy, would be unmanly on my
part and grossly utijust to those officers. I
have served with severaf of the officers, and
am intimately acquainted with most of them,
and know them to be not only gallant men,
but men who are actuated byan earnest desire
to do full justice to the Academy and to the
country.
The officers of the Academy during the past
year have had a great responsibility thrown
upon them. The admission of a colored boy
in the corps of the cadets for the first time in
the history of the institution has been a great
source of-embarrassment to them. The stu-
dents at this Academy, un like those of any oilier
institution of learning in the country, are com-
pelled by the 'regulations to be on terms of
perfect social equality; they are compelled not
only to eat together but to be constantly and
intimately associated on all occasions. They
must look forward to the timewhen upon enter-
ing the Army they with their families will ne-
cessarily be stationed at frontier posts where
entire social equality must continue. Although
during the past few years a great change has
taken place with reference to the condition of
the colored man in this country, and many pre-
judices which heretofore existed have been
swept away, still I do not understand that, even
now any large portion of theconimunity is dis
posetf to force entire social equality. 1 have
never heard even the most ardent Republican
upon this floor advocate the enforcing of such
a result.
Even the gentleman under whose patronage
this colored boy was prepared to enter the
Academy has stated, in a letter published
throughout the country, that while under his
care the boy was compelled to take his meals
with his (Clark's) groom and gardener; and
yet Mr. Claik, who is his most enthusiastic
friend, seems .chagrined and annoyed that
others, undoubtedly Clara's equals in social
life, should manifest uneasiness at being com-
pelled to not only eat at the same table but
sleep in the same room with him. Mr. Clark
is undoubtedly a sincere and a good man ;
whatever may have been his past history, he
has now reached that high standard of phil-
anthropy on the negro question which leads
him to assume that a negro is good enough
to eat with his groom and gardener or with
any other white man except a member of the
Clark family. That the entrance of this boy
into the Military Academy has led to embar
rassments should not surprise any one. That
the officers of the Academy, with regard to
this question, have faithfully endeavored to
discharge the duties imposed upon them.by
ilie laws of the land and the regulations of
the Academy, and to grant the fullest protec-
tion to this colored boy, 1 think no one can
dispute. But this has not been the greatest
embarrassment under which they have laboied.
II 1 were now superintendent of the Academy,
I would prefer to have twenty full-blooded
negroes in the corps with the remainder there-
of composed of white boys entertaining the
same prejudices against eating with the col-
ored race that were evinced by ill. Claik,
than to have the son of one man high in au-
thority, provided that son had llie ear of his
father and could at any time iuduce linn 10
countermand my orders and overrule tlie de-
cisions of courts. And this 1 think 1 shall bo
able to show is the precise situation in which
these officers have been placed during the past
three years.
It has been asserted that this riotous pro-
ceeding on the part of the senior class was
prompted solely by a desire of elevating the
moral tone of tne corps. 1 believe nothing of
the kind; on the contrary. I believe these young
men were actuated by a desire to exhibit their
own power and independence; and that, they
were prompted todoit by a conviction on their
part that one or more of their number pos-
sessed the ability to screen them from punish-
ment, no matter what crime tliey might commit.
What were the circumstances attending this
affair; they can be briefly stated and easily
understood. On a holiday, when all except
the junior class were relieved from all duties,
three' members of this junior class, who had
been only six months at the Academy, and two
of whom were only seventeen years of age,
were guilty of violating the regulations. Two
of them were absent irom their quarters, ar:d
it is claimed were guilty of falsehood. I admit
that all three deserved severe punishment.
They were promptly arrested, contiued to their
quarter-?, and it was well known throughout the
corps ihat they were immediately io be brought
belote a court martial.
Six liouis after the fact of their ariest had
been published the senior class assembled at
midnight in the dead of winter, took ilieai
from their beds, and drove them from the pub-
lic grounds. So hurriedly was the deed done
that the watch aud pocket-book of one of the
boys was left at the head of his bed. All the
circumstances attending the affair were char-
acterized by a degree of cruelty exlnbued only
by the vigilance committees of our wesiem
border. Two of the victims, as 1 before staled,
were only seventeen years of age. They had
but just ielt their homes, ami had scarcely
become accustomed to the rules of the Acad-
emy. They had boine up to this time most
excellent reputations. Tney had received but
few demerit marks, while several of those
taking part in their persecution had received
during each year of their stay at the Academy
nearly the necessary number to insure their
expulsion. Now, who believes that this aeiion
was prompted solely by a desire to elevate ihe
moral tone or discipline of the Academy ? For
one I do not; on the contrary, 1 am convinced
that it was more for the purpose of showing
that they could violate the law with impunity
than for the accomplishment of any good pur-
pose.
Now, what reason had they to suppose that
they could do a deed of this kind and escape
punishment? 1 approach this subject with no
pleasure; 1 have no desire to utter one word
calculated to injure the feelings of any one;
but, placed as 1 have been on this commit-
tee, I feel that it is a duly which 1 owe to
the Academy as well as the country at large
Ihat I should state fully and frankly my con-
victions on this subject. When 1 was a mem-
ber of the Board of Visitors last spring one of
the oldest and most highly respected profess-
ors ot the Academy stated to me that the dis-
cipline of the institution was being lowered by
the influence of a cadet who seemed to possess
the powerof overruling those placed in author-
ity. As un instance, lie relet red to the case
of an iusiructor who had been grossly insulted
by a cadet, aud had preferred charges against
the cadet which resulted in his conviction by
a couit. The cadet, however, was renistaied,
as it was supposed at the instance ol one of his
classmates. This professor stated to me ihat
a single instance of this kind tended to imim-
