1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
great as any that ever excited the derision of
mankind, of undertaking to obtain facts in
regard to a foreign country which the Senate
of the United States-refused to allow to be
obtained in regard to our own country, when
they were included in the census bill, upon the
ground of the time and money which such
investigation would consume?
I yield to no man in respect for the Presi-
dent. Men may have held the office who
brought to it larger experience in civil affairs
or a more extensive knowledge of adminis-
trative detail. But no man, in my opinion,
ever filled the presidential chair who, when a
question of right and wrong was fully and fairly
presented for his determination, gave it a more
prompt and unerring decision. But this is a
proposition to devolve upon the President,
without his request, the duty of appointing a
committee of this House. This commission is
not asked for the information of the President.
He tells us in his message he is already fully
informed, and has determined the question in
his own mind. It is not asked for the informa-
tion of the country ; for it is expected that the
report will be acted upon irrevocably by Con-
gress before the country can have an oppor-
tunity to know or consider the information that
may be obtained. It is solely for the informa-
tion of the two Houses. The President is to
furnish the eyes and ears through which we
are expected to see and hear.
But, Mr. Speaker, my objection to this meas-
ure is that the question of the annexation of
Dominica is to be determined, not by consider-
ation of the condition of that island, but by
consideration of the condition of our own coun-
try. I am not willing to annex to our self-
governing Republic an island which, in my
judgment, will be filled at first with the scum
of the tropics, with the adventurers of all lands,
that they may come in here and take part as
equals in the government of this country while
we are at present in the precarious condition
in which we find ourselves. Over eleven, ay,
thirteen States, are fast obtaining power, who
obtain it for the purpose of wielding it in hos-
tility to the Government of the United States.
We have a very large traetof our country where
weekly, as appears from reports of the com-
mittees of this House, men are taken from
their beds and whipped, men are taken from
their beds and murdered simply because they
love the country and-are faithful to its flag.
And that rebellious element, seeking to strike
hands with the corruptions of Tammany Hall,
is threatening to take possession of this Gov-
ernment for four years after the completion of
the present Administration, I am not willing
to take a single step which will tend to add to
this mighty danger—a danger, in my judgmen t,
already greater than menaced this country in
the dark days of 1801, or the darker days of
1862; a new source of peril.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AMBLER. I nowyield to my colleague
[Mr. Steyexsox] the remainder of my ten
minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the West
Indies comprise about a thousand islands,
strung in two strands across the Gulf of Mex-
ico, from Florida to South America. These
thousand isles, getus of the western world, are
chiefly held by European Powers without the
will of their people—Great Britain, France,
Spain, Denmark, Sweden, and others. Great,
Britain holds them by the score. The United
States of America, the first Power on this con-
tinent, and destined to become the first Power
on earth, owns not one of a thousand. We,
who should have all, have none. In none of
those flowery lands are our citizens at home.
In none of their harbors is our flag supreme.
We are now invited by the free will of an
independent people, possessing the greater
and better part of San Domingo, to consider
whether we shall accept three fifths of that
island, which, save Cuba, is the largest, fairest,
and most fertile of the islands of the Gulf. I
am convinced that this territory is well worth
onr cordial acceptance, and am ready and
willing to vote for its acquisition as one of our
territories if it can be added to our domain
honorably and peaceably and upon reasonable
terms.
I do not need information as to the value
of the territory tendered us. I find ample
stores of knowledge already acquired and crys-
tallized in books of the best authority. From
these any one can learn that it measures sev-
enteen thousand five hundred square miles;
that it is rich in gold and silver, copper and tin,
iron and lead, coal and salt. The precious j
metals once yielded at the rate of $30,000,000 '
per year. The mountains and plains are cov-
ered and adorned with magnificent forests of
timber, such as mahogany, satin-wood, lignum-
vitas, palm, and many other varieties, of high
value. Ships have sailed from the island built
i of its timber. Mahogany trees are found which,
! landed in New York or Cincinnati, would be
j worth from five to ten thousand dollars. The
soil is exceedingly fertile, producing sugar,
cotton, cotfee, indigo, rice, tobacco, and other
tropical staples which have become articles of
common use in every civilized country.
St. M6ry, a French author, in his able and
exhaustive book on this part of San Domingo,
published in the last century, estimates that
there might have been then established, on
lands well adapted to its growth, more than
one thousand sugar plantations, employing
over two hundred thousand hands. The sugar-
cane grows and yields fruitfully for six years
without replanting. He says :
"The coffee tree flourishes well in every part of
the island and produce? in abundance, particularly
in certain elevated parts of the mountains. The
coffee is everywhere good, and there are some lands
which produce as good as even that of Moclia.
"Tobacco is anativo of the island, and is to bo
met with everywhere. Vnlverde observes that its
leaf exceeds in largeness that of the tobacco of every
othe>- part of America; that its quality, which is
good in almost every part of the island, sometimes
equals that of Cuba or the Havana; that it is as
much esteemed as these latter in the manufactories
of Seville, and that it is even preferable m cigars.
"Cocoa is also a native, and is found in a great
number of places. In the sixteenth century there
was no other cocoa than that of San Domingo, and
this island then provided all Spain with that article.
" Indigo, from its natural luxuriance and numer-
ous roots, is an obstacle in the fields, where it grows
spontaneously.-4'
We might produce on the soil of the Domin-
ican republic more of these and other such
articles than we now import, and this would
restore to us the balance of trade and give our
people these products free of taxation. The.
same author says :
"Cotton grows naturally in San Domingo and is
of an excellent quality, even when it comes without
the least care. It flourishes in stony land, in that
which is the most barren, and in the very crevices
of the rocks."
Tropical fruits grow spontaneously and in
abundance. St. Mery says the island—
" Furnishes the whole year round great abundance
of the finest oranges, so sweet and luscious as not to
leave the least tartness upon the palate.
" Winter never can show his hideous aspect under
a sky that keeps vegetation in continual movement.
Here nature spreads a carpet of perpetual green;
here she is ever decked in majestic robes."
An American residing on the island in
1862-G3 says:
"In this climate of inccssant production every
month ought, to be made to bring with it some gain-
ful harvest of fruit, vegetable, or breadstufis. rrom
April to November the farmer can go on with a
steady succession of plantings, and after thefirstyear
it will behis ow-, fault ifhe docs nothavean equally
steady succession of harvestings. This lias been my
experience. As I cleared the ground of the crops put
in it during the early rains in April and May I
planted afresh for new returns in the dry month of
the coming year.
"In a field containing rather more than eight
I acres I have now in full bearing nearly every trop-
ical fruit and all the vegetables known in northern
markets, with the exception of peas and Irish pota-
toes, besides many kinds that are very scarce, it not
unknown, in Europe and the United States.
"I had twenty kinds of fruit-beurinc trees and i
shrubs already here in maturity or lately trans-
planted. . .
" The God-given luxuries of Iruite and flowers are
almost as free as air on the Dominican soil, and lxe
is an ingrate who declines to use the beneficent gift.
They cost nothing but the trouble of planting them
in proper mode and season, whenever you wish to
have them. "
" During five months in the year, when all plant-
ing is intermitted in the States, the farmer in tho
tropics may keep on the whole period nutting in
corn, cotton, sugar, and other crops* perfectly cer-
tain that they will all ripen to advantage in the last
fall and first'winter months, and that he will be sure
to have delightful weather through most of January
and all February and March to gather in his succes-
sive harvests and send them to market.
"Agriculture may be so managed as to secure a
complete circle of monthly harvesting for the entire
year.
"Plenty of fruits, two or three kinds for every
month in the year, for those who will take tho
trouble to plant them.
" Fruit and flowers crown everymonth of the year
with garlands of beauty."
The same author says that" a short distance
back from the cities lands are almost as
cheap as public lands in the United States."
"The most^manly workers I have seen in this
country are white men. Under the warm sun of the
tropics white workingmen and machinery will yet
open the grandest field of civilization ever realized."
Mr. Speaker, can there be any doubt, as to
the value of this territory? Is it not preemi-
nently such territory as we need for the pro-
ducts ofits mines, forests, and soil? But there
is another element of value to us, which is
bpyond calculation. There is on the northeast
of the island of San Domingo a magnificent
bay, so ample, so sheltered, and so situated as
to command that island, the West Indies, and
the surrounding seas, and form the key to the
Gulf of Mexico, the mouths of the Mississippi,
and the route across the Isthmus. The pos-
session of this harbor has long been an object
of ardent desire among commercial nations.
It would be a prize to any Power; to us it is
only less than a necessity. Its possession by us
during the recent war would have shortened the
struggle, ay, and saved thousands of lives and
millions, ay, billions of treasure. It will be of
infinite value in maritime wars. It would give
us the mastery of the West India islands and
the surrounding seas, and open the way to the
ultimate acquisition of other valuable territory.
Sir, is it credible that the American people
can hesitate to accept this grand prize if it
comes upon reasonable terms by the volun-
tary offer of the people of the Dominican
republic? He who gives credence to such a
thought discredits the intelligence, enterprise,
and courage of our people. It, is true that onr
resources have been reduced by the war, and
that we have heavy resultant burdens t,o bear;
but the heart of the Republic is unbroken. We
rise from the rebellion conscious of our power,
full of hope and confidence, inspired for the
first time in our history by the enjoyment of
universal liberty. Such anation cannot shrink
from her destiny. She does not shrink. She
welcomes it, and goes forth joyously to meet
and greet it. Some gentlemen seem to fear
the expansion of the Republic. Such fears
have haunted every epoch of our national
growth as we have spread from the Atlantic to
the Pacific; yet every acquisition which has
been developed has proved a priceless bless-
ing, and the grand result is what the world
beholds. Away with such timid misgivings!
The Republic has heretofore disappointed all
her enemies and surprised her most sanguine
friends, and she will continue her career of
liberty, union, and glory, though her flag be
"Clothed in the beauty of a thousand stars."
Gentlemen say the population of this West
Indian republic is inferior. Sir, it is of the
same blood as that of five million American
citizens. Who says these five million are dan-
gerous or even useless to the Union ? What
would the South be without them? What
would be the political, the industrial condition
of that region or of the country without their
labor and loyalty? Illiterate and humble as the
people of San Domingo may be, they are equal
to many we have and trust, and they will j>e
better hearted citizens than some of the white
race who now struggle against the laws of the
land. There are less than one hundred and
