1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
idate and demoralize all those in immediate
authority over the corps.
With reference to this matter T desire to
quote a few words from the evidence which is
before us. Captain Alexander Ciarlc testifies:
" Que*tion. There was ayoungman by the name
of Saortehe w!io was court-martialed upon charges
preferred by you?
"Anxwr. Y<", sir.
" Question When was that?
'*A>i«W'r. Ab' ut a year ago.
" Question. What was the f-entence of the court/
"An*toer. The sentence of the court, if I remem-
ber rightly, was that he should be suspended uatil
the next academic year, and then ff'o on with the next
below him.
*• Qutifiiion. Was the sentence rermttcd?
"Anttver. Yes, sir. the sentence w.is remitted. The
yonnif m in w.is absent only a few day<>
" QwfHtioa. Ou whose recommendation was it re-
mitied? „
"AnHioer. Thatlcannotsay. The ordercame from
Washington. . ,
*' Question. I want to ascertain, if I can, what in-
fluences are brought to bejr to relieve cadets from
punishment at this Academy. '
"Answer. I do not know how that was. The order
stated *h;it the c jdct's offense hadits provocation in
thcexcited manner of his superior officer. I made
an application to the Secretary of War for redress
ou that point. It wa« referred, I think, to the Presi-
denr, and returned with the indorsement that he
declined to take aDy furtheraction in the matter.
" QwMioii. Was there anything in the evidence
showing such to be the case?
"Anawer. No, sir; on the contrary, I could have
produced evidence to show that such was not the
case."
Cadet Grant testifies:
" Question. Speaking about the number of cases in
whichseuteoces have been remitted, in how many
of these cases have you applied for a remission of
the sentences?
"An*wrr. Ou!y three, sir.
"Question. What were they ?
"Answer. One was checaseof Mr. Clark, class of
1868. He was dismissed for going dowa to Butter-
milk. I wrote a letter to father, but he took no
action upon it. Mr. Johnson remitted it. And the
other two were the ca^es of Mr. Groom and Mr.
Davenport. I wrote to have their sentences remit-
ted, as they were not guilty of any offense. Their
sentence was remitted to suspension for one year.
" Qw8tion. Whiit were they charged with ?
"Answer. Conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentlemau: the specification was for erasing a re-
port. Tney did not erase it; at least I understood
they did not; and out of the five men who were
court-martialed at that dine, three of them for lying,
the two who were not guilty were sentenced to be
dismissed, and only one that, was dismissed finally
was afterward proved to be innocent, and that was
*,rbu^rfH> . Do you recollect the case of Shortelle?
"Antswrr. That was another case about which I
wroie. I forgot that.
** Quenfion. You wrote about that?
"XiMCer. Yes, sir.
•* Question. He was reinstated?
"Answer. Ye?, sir.
" Question. Those four eases are the only ones you
can call to mind?
"Answer Yes, sir.'' «
Colonel Upton, the commandant, testifiesas
follows:
."OueUion. Don't you tliink there-is a feeling
through the first class that they are safe from pun-
ishment through some eauso ?
"Antwer. Ko evidence ot that has come to my
knowledge. . . , ,
••Question. Don't they think they can escapo pun-
ishment lor nny violations of regulfftions?_
"Answer. I do not think a great majority of the
class rely upon it. There may be some thatuo. 1
think that a majority of the class do their duty. I< or
a series of years back it has been the misfortune
of the Academy to have in the corps the sons ot
influential personages, and that if one of them stood
at the foot of" the class they were regarded, to use
one of the expressions here, as a tail-board, and
that as long as they stayed they would not be found
deficient. That has existed tor a number of years.
" Quei'inn. It did not use to be so?
"Answer. It did not use to be so. If a law could
be passed making the discharge of a cadet oblig-
ator upon the recommendation of the academic
board that would inerea<o the discipline of the
Academy very much; but when cadets feel that
they cannot bo turned baek it has a very disastrous
influence."
Kvery officer, without a single exception,
summoned before the committee testified to
the injurious effect upon the discipline of the
Academy which has resulted from the con-
stant interference on the part of theauthori-
ties at Washington, the frequent remission of
sentences, and sending back to the institution
boys who hud been ju tly dismissed. In view
of this evidence who can believe that one ot
these cadets doubted for a moment but that
he would be protected in the crime that it was
proposed to commit? Who can believe that
but for this supposed protection these boys
who had been nearly four years under mili
tary training would have ventured upon this
palpable and willful violation of the law, upon
ibis heartless and cruel treatment of boys who
had for only six months enjoyed the advan-
tages of the Academy, and who during that
time bad maintained good reputations? No
one can doubt it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what evil can result in
the adoption of these resolutions? It will re-
sult only in the discharge of the instigators of
thishigh-handed and cruel affair." The country
stands in no need of their services, even if they
were likely to make the most valuable officers,
for we have recently mustered out of service
a large number of officers who have served for
years, nearly all of whom would gladly return
to the Army. No great evil will result to the
young men who are discharged, for their edu-
cation is nearly completed and the walks of
civil life are open to them, which in time of
peace are far more inviting than a military
career. What good will result from it? It
will teach to the youth of the Academy, to
those who may hereafter enter it, and to the
country at large that in the United States
there is at least one place where mob law is
discountenanced, one place where tbe laws
can be executed. It will teach these young
men and the young throughout the country
that in this land no one, whatever may have
been his birth, whatever may be his family
connections, can with impunity violate the
laws.
Notwithstanding thebenefitthe Academy has,
in my opinion, in past years conferred upon the
country, as dear to me as is its reputation, when-
ever the fact becomes established that it is.to
become the nursery of men who, upon any pre-
text whatever, will organize themselves intoa
vigilance committee and take the law into their
own hands, or whenever it becomes apparent
that the son of any man, however exalted his
station, is to be allowed privileges, or to stand
on any footing other than, that meted out to
the son of the humblest in the land, then, in j
my judgment, the day of its usefulness will
have passed, and I should have cast my last
vote for any appropriation for its support.
Mr. BUTLER. of Massachusetts.'! may be
mistaken, but in my own belief there is no
man in this country who has more cause to
feel in his heart, of hearts antagonistic to West
Point than myself. The results of the disc-i-
the James, then lying nearestto Richmond. I
was sent home in apparent disgrace, and thus
not allowed the coveted, and may I venture to
say, well earned honor of entering the capital
of the enemy at the head of the troops under
my command, which they had helped to sub-
due, as a triumphal reward for labor iu the
field during the war.
Thank God, although West Point might do
without the general, it could not do without
his troops; for the firstcorps that entered that
rebel stronghold as the victorious advance of
the army was the brave and gallant twenty-
fifth army corps, composed of colored troops,
almost every man of whom was raised under
my supervision and taught to fight by my orders,
and almost every officer of whom had been
appointed or promoted from the volunteers
upon my recommendation. So much it is but
justice to myself to say, in order to show that
the position I shall take upon this question is
or can be dictated, unless I were more or less
than human, by no love or admiration for
West Point or many of its graduates.
A single word further will be all-sufficient
upon that point. If the question should come
up for discussion in this House whether tbe
West Point Academy is now or upon the whole
has been of advantage to the country, or
whether it would not be better that the insti-
tution be broken tip, 1 should hardly dare to
address the House upon it, lest my sense of
wrong done and injury inflicted should so far
prejudice my judgment and cloud my reason
that my advice ought not to be heeded in this
behalf. Judging that question, however, from
striking analogies and from the facts which are
now part of our history, I should venture to
say that instead of there being only one mili-
tary school in the country in which alone all our
young men must be educated, in which they
shall all hold each to the other the ties of class-
mates and the exclusiveness of cliques, there
ought to be military schools for training men
to arms like our colleges, scattered about in
different parts of the country, so that at least
a generous rivalry might spring up between
their pupils.
Iu its earlier days there was in Massachusetts
but one college—Harvard—which many of us
love and revere, although not of its children.
It was found best for the interests of educa-
tion and the youth of Massachusetts that an-
other college should be instituted (and now we
have still others) to rid ourselves of that spirit
of exclusion and combination among its mem-
J. UUlb lUrtll WJJOC14. lie ICOUIIO VI vwv t J
pline and teachings at West Point followed me |i bers which follows any single and overtopping
through four years, the most important of my i'| institution of learning, and which is the bane
life, and inflicted upon me more injury than j; and has almost neutralized all the good West
mortal man ever before did or5 thank God, [j Point might have done. I think, theiefoie,
there ought to be many West Points, in order
to get rid of the eli^nism in the Artny, the
determination to .pull down all not graduates,
even to the risk of the loss of a battle and the
sacrificing of an army, so painfully evident
during our late war and known to all men who
have studied its history; to rid the country
of an army aristocracy which seeks to perpet-
uate itself by educating the youth in a single
and contracted set of ideas. I use the term
aristocracy, not iu its better sense, implying
the rule of the best, but implying an tuistou-
racy in feeling only—that disposition which
makes so many of the graduates of this insti-
tution inclined to say, '■ We arc West Pointers,
and therefore we are better than any body else,
even than the fathers who begat us," unless,
| as is too frequently the case, that father was
also a West Pointer.
You will see. sir, I agree that the effect of
the teachings of West Point has been to erect
for itself a standard of honor, to set up rules
for its own of associates; a basis ofjudgmen,
which has shown itself detrimental to the
country and to the Academy, the effects of
which have been so well described by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Slocu.u. ] There
ever has been, and doubtless there still is, an
idea there that men of high influence, whoso
mortal man can do again. I felt it from the
16th day of April. 18151, until the 8th day of |
November, 1865. It constantly overshadowed I
and enveloped me and clouded my path; it J
was an ever-present impediment to the per- i
formance of the duty to which I had almost j
fortuitously been called, and which I hoped !
and labored to make one of high honor to j
myself and of usefulness to the country. ,
Although ! had lain.before Petersburg and i;
Richmond for as many months as any other •
general of the armies of the United States, |
although the troops under my command held, I
from June in the first case, and from Septein- |
ber in the second, the most advanced posts of |
tbe enemies' works both before Petersburg and ■
Richmond, taken by their gallant fighting while
under ray orders, yet the representations of
West Point officers of the army of the Poto-
mac to the General-in-Chief, as appeare by ;
his letter sent to the President of the United j
States, that they were unwilling to serve under j
a volunteer general whose rank, he being the j
last of the volunteer generals not graduates of !
West Point left in high command, compelled ,
him to be at the head of the army when the ,
Lieutenant General was absent from the
armies operating before Richmond, caused me |
to be relieved from command of the army of |
