THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
February 14,
sons are there, will interfere for their protec-
tion against breaches of discipline. Prom the
beginning of the history of the Academy this
has been the fact, well known of all men.
And there is there too much also of the idea
that members of Congress will each protect
the young man he sent there, arid that we will
go to the Executive, and go to the Secretary of
War, and sustain as against the consequences
of their wrongful acts those we have appointed.
And we too frequently so do. Let us look to
our own action a moment and see whether we
do not too frequently do that; whether we are
not too frequently impelled so to do by the
influence of our constituents, before we attach
too much blame to the Executive for listening
to our appeals, and before we blame the young
Cadet, his son, who has perhaps not all that
discretion he will have when the frosts of win-
ter will have silvered his hair, as it has done
ours. Before we too much blame the action
of the son, whose good conduct no doubt
caused his father to pardon the offenses of fel-
low classmates, I trust we shall be entirely sure
that members of Congress have not been to the
President and asked him, in like manner with
the boy, to interfere with the discipline of West
Point.
I yield, therefore, for the sake of the argu-
ment, to all that has been said by my gallant
friend from New York [Mr. Slocum] on the
subject of executive interference with West
Point. But what is it proposed we should now
do ? As if there were not enough of detriment
in executive interference, the proposition is
to add our own legislative interference. Is
not that proposition before us? We are to
claim the Executive has destroyed the dis-
cipline of the Academy by his interference,
and then we are to add to that deleterious in-
fluence, as against the academic board on the
part of the Executive, the interference of two
hundred and forty, more or less, other execu-
tives here in this House; that we are asked to
put in our two hundred and forty odd opinions
so as further to unsettle the government of the
Academy.
I pray you to consider, Mr. Speaker, the
standard of morals and code of honor which
has been in existence at West Point, and that
these young men have all grown up under that,
standard and code.
My friends on the Committee on Military
Affairs will agree with me that it appears that
this is not the first time by several such an
event as the one we are now considering has
taken place at West Point. In the olden time,
running back, far back, until they have become
traditions of the Academy, we have otherlike
instances. These traditions are like the tra-
ditions of other colleges. We have all, at
college, sat in the eveniitg to listen to the tales
what our fathers and grandfathers did in
their college days. In their college tricks, in
their code of college, honor and manly action,
did we not endeavor to copy thetn ? So here
in West Point for a series of years first classes
have interfered exactly in the same way as the
first class has interfered in this case. Does
not this consideration furnish some palliation
at least for the wrong action of these mis-
judging boys?
Let us assume, Mr. Speaker, what the gen-
tleman from New York says is true, exactly
true, and let us see how in the light of those
facts we are to deal with boys. Suppose these
boys believed there was a power which would
interfere for them, that they were taking the
action which the Executive by his leniency had
taught them would be overlooked, and that
that action, being in accordance with the tra-
ditions of the Academy, was not wrong, should
we then, when under that belief, under that
teaching, under that instruction, they have done
a certain thing which they had been led to
believe was venial, comedown upon them with
the full power of the House of Representatives
and the Government, and by dismissal from
the Army oloud their young lives forever. It
is no light thing when the blight of damning
disgrace cornes upon a young man. When a
man has passed middle life—ay, when he comes
to be an old man—it is, by comparison, of but
little moment what becomes of the rickety rem-
nant of his days; but when a young man, full
of life, full of hope, full of ambition, taught
how he may serve his country, so taught tliat
he may stand with the highest and the best in
theland, in aid of his country'sgood, when that
whole prospect is struck down, and he is thrust-
out, disgraced into the world, a disgrace ren-
dered doubly bitter, because he feels, however,
mistaken, that he has done no disgraceful act,
then, indeed, a most terrible wrong and outrage
are inflicted.
Here are forty young men of this first class,
all of them of noted general good behavior.
Look at their records. I am personally un-
known to and unknowing of them or either of
them. I care not whose sons they are. There
may be one of them at least whose welfare is
dear to some sorrowing mother, and she a
widow perhaps of a gallant soldier. I have
looked at their records. For two years some
of them have not had a demerit mark. For
years some of them have only had one or two
demerit marks. These young men are just
about to enter into life, and without trial, with-
out investigation, except the investigation they
themselves have given fey saying they have
done this act, which we condemn, shall we
here sit in judgment upon thetn and dismiss
them from the Army of the United States,
disgraced forever? For that is the effect of
our votes. Let me not be misunderstood. I
do not blame the committee. Blame, no, I
applaud them. They were sent out by us as
a jury to ascertain the facts, and report them
and the law applicable to those facts, and they
seem to have done that duty with vigor and
intelligence, and given the' House a clear and
ample report. They have given as a jury their
verdict on the fact and the judgment which
must follow if the stern rules of the law are
followed. I am addressing the House, now
the court, in mitigation of those rules, to apply
that mercy and charity which each of us so
much needs to be applied to all our acts.
I have 110 word except of commendation for
the committee. If 1 had been on the com-
mittee I should probably have made the same
report, and perhaps a more severe one. But
now we members of the House, who as citizens
of the country, having the good of the coun-
try at heart, not trammeled by any rules save
our own good judgment, are to say what
ought to be done upon this report of the fact.
Will the dismissal of these boys alter the
course of the Executive, even if we iidjudge it
to have been unwise? Oh, no; because you
only recommend the Executive to dismiss
these bays, and if the Executive determine
that his course has been wise you will submit
to his determination.
Do we, if we disgrace these boys, do we
add anything to the position of Baird, Flick-
inger, and Barnes, who seem to have been
pretty harshly treated by them? }Ve do them
110 good. Then what do we do? If you expel
these boys you strike down forty young men
just entering on manhood, college-boys, school
children still, as all young men are of what
ever age, till they get out into the world and
have the responsibilities of men. And we are
thereby demanding that, while they are still
under discipline, and perhaps, have been dis-
ciplined too much, we are asking, that they
shall have the same discretion and the same
ideas that we suppose we should have if we
now stood in their place. But, men and fathers,
put yourselves into their position, or if you
cannot do so in your own persons yet, in the
persons of your own dear boys, who are now
in college, or at school, put yourselves in the
position of those college boys, and tell me
wnat would have been the sum of our discre-
tion in our college days under those circum-
stances.
I can remember, as perhaps most of us
can, when a sentence of dismissal mij;hf. have
altered a career of some attempted usefulness,
at least to one which might have been of utter
and entire w-orthlessness to society. When a
young man is broken down, when his cher-
ished desires and ambitions ate destroyed,
when his career is cut off at its very outset,
no man can tell what will be the disastrous
effect. And we had better sink West Point,
buildings, lands, and all, into the broad Hud-
son river, never to be raised again, than to
strike down one of these boys and turn him
from a great and noble manhood to worthless-
ness and vije.
Therefore let me ask the House to pause,
consider exactly where these young men are
and who they are. They are mere school-boys
as yet. In what they did they followed the
traditions of their college. Did they commit
a crime? No, they did an outrage. And the
difference I ma^e between the two is palpable
and conclusive. A man may outrage another
withoutcommittingacrime. This is no' aerime
because of the admitted absence of a bad mo-
tive. It is the favorite logic, not the sound
but the very common logic and reasoning of
the young, that they may do evil that, good may
come; that the end may justify the means.
Every man who thinks aright knows that that
reasoning is fallacious But it is a taking doc-
trine in youth. They think they may do what
they know to be wrong if it is to accomplish a
good end. It is fallacious and illogical, but
we know it is the captivating reasoning of
young men, desirous to right what they deem
to be a wrong. They honestly believe they
may do evil that good may come.
So these young men reasoned. They said:
" Here have been twenty-seven cases of uien
dismissed by court-martial in a few years;
four of them, it is true, we have used (he influ-
ence of our class-mates with the Executive to
have restored where we believed them worthy,
leaving twenty-three of the dismissed, at any
rate, restored by the influence of members of
Congress who do not know how guilty they
were. We cannot in a body be dismissed if we
but attempt to sustain the honor of the Acad-
emy. These companions of ours have sinned
beyond all endurance; they have brought, us
all into disgrace ; if they come back again they
injure the corps, they injure the corps of
cadets;" which to the school-boy at the Acad-
emy is the "God of his idolatry"—'• noiv,
then, what is our remedy? Let us take it into
our own hands." Perchance they remem-
bered hearing the story told at the mess-table
of how, when they were cadets in the olden
time, some gallant general of the war—it, may
be gallant Sedgwick or pome living general
of the war who stands now high in his coun-
try's list of heroes, high on the roll of glor\—
took into the* keeping the honor of the
''corps," and by a sort of horse justice purged
it of unworthy members, and been lured to
the deed by what seemed an example to war-
rant them in expelling confessedly unworthy
mates whom they deemed had dishonored the
'■corps."
And they might have had some such no'ion
as that described by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sloocm ] They might have thought
that they were not likely to be punished be-
cause of the influential friends' which they
had in the Executive, the Army, and in Con-
gress. With all these incentives to their act,
with all this desire to sustain the good name
and the honor of the corps, they sent, wrong-
fully it is true, the three boys away from the
Academy. Was it a crime? No; for the
good heart cropped out the very moment they
were doing the outrage; for they subscribed
quite a sum of money to sustain and take back
to their friends the very boys they were so
summarily expelling because of their to them
grave crimes. All the stories that, have been
told of any infliction of positive bodily harm
upou the expelled cadets with which the public
