1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
alize the service until we may yet be ashamed
of oar Navy, if we do not avert this trouble
at once. This question ought to be settled
without reference to these gentlemen, without
reference to their communications, without
reference to their quarrels. It ought to be set-
tled deliberately, as a question which concerns
the Navy, not individuals, either by a board
appointed by the Navy Department, or, if you
choose, by a commission appointed by Con-
gress. It should be settled positively, determ-
inately, and those gentlemen who do not like
it should leave the service.
I say to-day, I say it here in the Senate, 1
say it before the American nation, if you want
to save the Navy from disgrace, if you want to
keep our vessels in a position in which they
will be able to meet the vessels of other nations,
in which they will be in a fit condition to fight,
you must stop this quarrel in the Navy, and
stop it right away. Stop it at once, and degrade
the man who degrades ths Navy. You may
have the best sailors in the world on board
your ships, you may have the best ships ever
made in the world, you may put the best en-
gines in them, and send them to sea under the
best commander the world ever saw, but if you
break down the esprit de corps, break down the
love of the service, break down that love for
the old flag, that disposition ainan has to die
for his country and glory in it, to die for the
service to which his life is devoted, you break
down the American Navy. The man should
be promoted and covered with lace and gold
■who is unselfish enough to sacrifice all his
ambitions when they conflict with the dis-
cipline and glory of the American Navy.
Mr. FOWLER. That is "played out" long
ago.
_ Mr. STOCKTON. It is not '/played out,"
sir. It is not played out. It will live forever
in the American Navy. He who bore our flag
did not show that it was played out even dur-
ing the war of the rebellion. When Farragut
went up the river lashed to the mast the Amer-
ican Navy lost no credit. It did not seem so
to ine even in this last campaign, a glorious
campaign to our Army, as I am willing to ad-
mit, but, so far as they could participate in it,
equally glorious to our gallant Navy. I know
that the deeds of this Navy, if you will do jus-
tico to them, will support my statement, that
its glory is even as of old; that the glory of
the American Navy as we were wont to con-
sider it in our early days will be more than
fulfilled by the men now m the service in these
latter days if Congress will do its duty by en-
couraging all efforts to build it up, give some
new ships with the last modern improvements,
but above all discourage all attempts to break
down discipline, and let the captains be the
captains of the ship.
Mr. President, I do not place myself on the
side of the staff; I do not place myself on the
side of the line in this controversy ; I place
myself nowhere in this fight, but to the best
of my ability 1 am willing to devote my atten-
tion to this subject, to do justice to everybody
in the service. The first thing to be done is
peace and discipline ; the first law of the Navy,
the first law of the Army, is obedience and dis-
cipline, and to keep up that esprit de corps
which is necessary to their success, which is
necessary to the honor and glory of the Navy,
and to the honor and glory of the country.
In conclusion, I will simply express the hope
that the Senate will adjourn now and give us
an opportunity to speak on this subject to-
morrow. I should like to speak on it myself
in detail. I hooe a vote will not be insisted
upon without debate at this late hour of the
night. This is called a compromise bill; it
may be acceptable to some on both sides; I
know that it is not acceptable to some of each
side. Let us I lien consider it carefully and
debate it fully before acting.
Mr. STEWART. 1 hope we shall not ad-
journ for the purpose of hearing speeches to-
morrow. If we are to have speeches on this
question let us have them now. I should like
to hear them.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to suggest
that as there was a good deal of feeling on this
subject, and as there are many amendments
behind this, we had better take the vote to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, by unanimous con-
sent, without further debate, as we agreed last
night with regard to another bill.
Mr. COLE. There are other bills behind,
and we have been told here that there are but
two more days of this session. I think, there-
fore, that we had better go on to-night and
finish up, not only this bill, but two or three
others.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course wecannot make
an agreement except by unanimous consent;
but it occurs to me that w-e shall progress as
well if my suggestion be adopted, and we agree
to take the vote to-morrow, as if we persist
in pressing it now with a bare quorum present.
I do not think we shall finish this bill to-night.
I know there are other amendments back of
this.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to suggest that
if we could come to an agreement to take the
vote upon the amendments and upon this bill
without further debate to morrow at twelve
o'clock, and then lay this bill aside and take
up the other bills that the Senator from Cali-
fornia has ready, we should make some pro-
gress. I do not believe that we shall get a
vote on this subject to-night. I am afraid the
quorum will pretty soon disappear, and I think
this amendment is a matter of too great im-
portance to be' passed in so thin a Senate,
although I am prepared to vote on it. I pro-
pose that we agree to take the vote upon the
amendments and the bill, without further de-
bate, at twelve o'clock to-morrow; and then
this bill can be laid aside and the Senator from
California can bring up his other bills.
Mr. THURMAN. Before answering whether
I will agree to that or not I wish to make an
inquiry for the purpose of information. I wish
to know whether this amendment is an amend-
ment moved by the Naval Committee or sim-
ply by the Senator from New Hampshire on
his own responsibility?
Mr. CItAGIN. This, with very slight ver-
bal alterations, is the bill as reported by the
Naval Committee. The House bill, with the
committee amendments, has been on the tables
of Senators ever since the 10th of February.
Mr. TITDRMAN. Reported by the Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. CRAGIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. The bill that I saw was
not a bill that had been printed in the Senate
at all. The one at the Clerk's desk is not.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator will send for
it he will see that there are some verbal alter-
ations, and that writing which the Senator sees
there is a proviso that has been added, and the
pencil marks are striking out words in brack-
ets, the brackets indicating amendments re-
ported by the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The text of the
bill which the Senator from Ohio had in his
hand was reported on the 10th of February by
tlie Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. CliA-.
era] with amendments, namely: "strike out
the parts in the House bill in brackets and
insert the parts in italics." The interlinea-
tions which the Senator from Ohio has seen
have been made since by the Senator from
New Hampshire. This bill has been in print
all that time.
Mr. POMEROY. I should be glad to have
the sense of the Senate on my proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio was on the floor making an inquiry.
Mr. THURMAN. I wished to make that
inquiry, because if we are compelled to vote,
when a Senator is in ignorance on the subject
he can do nothing better than vote with the
committee. That is my rule; and if this is
reported from the committee, and I am com-
pelled to vote, I must vote with the committee,
and the responsibility is with them, not with
me. But I do think that for the reasons that
have been already stated we are much more
likely to have a satisfactory solution of this
subject if it should be considered more fully
than it is likely to be considered now. How-
ever, I will agree to anything that will expedite
matters, if we can then adjourn.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs of the Senate gave two solid months'
work to this business, night aud day. They
had before them staff and line officers, and this
is the best result of their labors.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to ask the Senator from
New Hampshire if this bill proposed by the
Senate committee is not something in the
nature of a compromise ?
Mr. CRAGIN. It is. We regard it so.
Mr. BLAIR. Then, I think we cannot do
better than adopt it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. CASSERLY. On that question I ask
for a division.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to make
one remark. I do not know that I should vote
against this proposition if I had a full oppor-
tunity to examine it; but forced as it is, at
this late hour of the night, on so important a
measure, 1 feel it my duty to vote against it.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes.25, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 26, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Blair, Chandler, Cole,
Coiiklmg, Corbett, Crngin, Hamilton o( Textip, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull,
and Wilson—26.
NAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, McCroery, Pome-
roy, Scott, Sprague, Stearns, Stockton, and Xhur-
man—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow-,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Davis,
Edmunds, J'enton, Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Harris,
Hill. Howard. Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
Miller, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pratt, Revels,
Rice, Saubbury, Sehurz, Sherman, Sumner, Tipton,
Vickers, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Yates—36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment be offered the bill will be reported
to the Senate 
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, I believe
it to be true that the people are more deeply
concerned in the appropriation bills than in
any other measures that come before Con-
gress, and at the same time I believe it to be
true that they receive less of the serious con-
sideration of the body than almost anything
else to be acted upon. For the simple pur-
pose of testing the sense of the Senate, I move
to strike out lines two hundred and ninety-two
and two hundred and ninety-three, in tho
words " for the construction of two iron-plated
torpedo-boats, $000,000." I ask——
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Chair desires
to state to the Senator from Kentucky that the
question was taken on striking out this clause
in committee, and rejected, and it? cannot now
be offered again under the rules.
Mr. McCREERY. That vote was taken in
committee, I thought.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
yet in the Senate. The Senator from Ken-
tucky arrested the Chair in reporting the bill
to the Senate. That amendment' cannot be
renewed in Committee of the Whole, as the
same specific question has been taken and dis-
agreed to; but it can be offered in the Senate
when the bill is reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole weie concurred in.
Mr. McCREERY. I now submit the motion
