1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
mind is filled are without foundation and have
no existence outside of the newspapers which
have given them utterance. Nothing of the
kind appears in'the report of yourcomraittee.
.My friend from New York [Mr. SlocdmJ
says that he can find the ringleaders of these
boys, because he knows the treasurer that held
the funds. Funds for what? Why, the funds
to take care of these boys and enable thein to
get to a place of safety; showing that if the
heads of these boys were wrong their hearts
were all right. They thought they were doing
right, though they knew they were acting
wrongfully, if that is not a paradox. But that
was the exact paradoxical feeling in the hearts
of every one of these boys.
Now, what shall we do? These boys com-
mitted an outrage. We have the very highest
authox-ity for saying that an outrage is not a
crime. A number of students in Cambridge
college, as appears by the newspapers, the
other day blew up a building with gunpowder.
J suppose they thought it was not quite up to the
dignity of the rest of the college buildings, and
that if they blew it up they would get a better
otiein its place. The faculty there denominated
that act an outrage, not a crime. And that is
exactly what is the case here. These boys
did what they did do with the highest motives;
they did it with the full conviction that what
they were doing was for the greatest good of
the corps.
To show how little reflection these boys gave
to the act they were about to do, or how little
they thought upon its consequences to them-
selves or their expelled comrades, let ns see
what took place the next morning. They found
that on the report book these three young men
whom they had sent off were entered as absent
without leave, and they would therefore have
the stigma of desertion attached to them. It
is evident that tlic boys never thought what
must happen when it was discovered by their
officer that these three young men were miss-
ing. It is from this lact apparent that the
boys acted entirely from impulse, without
thought or plan, because they had not even
thought what would be said when these three
boys turned up missing. In this unforeseen
contingency what did the first class do? When
they ascertained that those boys had been
reported as deserters, they said among them-
selves, " This will never do; we sent those
boys off; they have not deserted, and it would
be "wrong and dishonorable to allow the
charge of willful desertion to rest upon their
names as a stigma forever.'' In order, then,
that no more injury should happen even to
those they had treated so roughly, they got
together and manfully appointed a committee
and sent them to the authorities to say to
them, " We did not mean to tell you what we
had done, but as these boys wilt be charged
■with desertion if we do not teH the truth, then
the truth shall be told at all risks and hazard
to ourselves. We sent Barnes, l^lickinger,
and Bait'd away, because we deemed them un-
worthy of the corps." That shows a sense of
iionor and manliness actuating them which
■we should be slow to condemn and punish
disgracefully.
So the missing boys were sent for and brought
back. Now 1 inny, perhaps, be laboring too
much in calling the attention of the House to
the fact that this is not a crime in these boys,
it is said that the officers of the Academy are
•wrong in all they did in relation to this. Be
it so; 1 cannot discuss that now. But I will
sav that however wrong the teachings of the
officers have been, however much their dis-
cipline has been lax, however much they
may have done that they ought not to have
done, even so much, yea, verily, more should
we excuse these boys, because, if this is true,
they have not had the high and eorreet teach-
ing which we promised their fathers they should
have when we sent them there, the best and
highest instruction by the best teachcrs in the
•best school iu the country.
Now, therefore, not excusing any officer,
because no officer is here on trial; not impli-
cating anybody, because nobody is to be im-
plicated ; not finding any fault with the com-
mittee, because none is to be found with them ;
but simply in the interest of mercy to these
boys, if justice will not save them—and 1
think justice vyill not require their dismissal—
I have offered the amendment now pending
to the second of the resolutions reported by
the committee.
The resolution as reported by the commit-
tee proposes that the instigators and leaders
shall be found out and summarily dismissed,
and then that the whole first class shall be
tried by court-martial. The regulations of the
Academy are that all who commit such a breach
of discipline as this shall be dismissed the ser-
vice if found guilty by court-martial; and as
these boys would all have to plead guilty, I do
not see the difference in the two branches of
the resolution. Its distinctions remind me of
Professor Hedge's directions to his class iu
logic, as to the manner in which he desired
them to get their lessons. He had prepared a
new book on logic, portions of which were
printed in very large type, while the rest of
the book was in small type. One of the class
called upon him and said, "Professor, how
do you want us to recite this logic of yours?"
"Well," said the professor, "I want you
young gentlemen to commit the large print to
memory, so as to be able to recite it verbatim,
and to give the small print in the words of the
author." [Laughter.] So it seems to me that
this resolution is the same in either branch of
it. We are to expel the ringleaders altogether,
and then we are to send the others before a
court-martial, where the necessary result would
be their expulsion. By the regulation of the
Academy, as stated in the report, it is very
clear that all must be expelled. So that I can
see no use of the seeming distinction in the
resolution.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Slo-
Cum] says that in spite of the assertion that
there were no ringleaders he knows that there
were ringleaders, and they might be ferreted
out and expelled. He says he knows, for in-
stance, who was the treasurer of the party.
Well, that by no means proves that treasurer
to be a ringleader; he might well be the quiet-
est butthehonestest boy of the class, to whom
they gave money to hold for them. The gen-
tleman avers that there never was anything
of this sort done without ringleaders.
Now, I beg the gentleman's pardon ; but did
he never hear ofwliat is called "a round robin?"
That is something that has been well known
in the British navy for a great many years.
Before that was invented a man who first signed
his name upon a petition to the captain ot a
ship for redress of grievances often got many
a round dozen on his bare back._ Afterward,
when the crew of a ship determined to peti-
tion in regard to a grievance, they wrote the
matter put forward in the center of a piece of
paper, and then signed their names in a ring
all around it, so that no one could tell who of
them signed it first, or who was ringleader;
that is what is called "a round robin,'' ip
which there can be no ringleader, no insti-
gator, nobody on whom the hand could be put-
as the one who first moved in the matter.
That was a mode adopted for mutual protec-
tion. . .
Now, I have no doubt there was something
like that in this case. But what do we do. if
we adopt this resolution, and there is any differ-
ence in the punishment of these boys between
being summarily dismifsed and tried by court-
martial? We put them under the very terrible
strain of a temptation to tell who were ring-
leaders, although they have already averred
that there were no ringleaders, so that each
may escape the severe punishment. Now. I
do not want to put any of these boys under
any such strain in order to save themselve-
froin the sever© punishment of a summary dis
missal. I would rather vote directly for the
expulsion of the whole class, or the sending of
the whole class to be tried by a court martial,
than to offer what would be a direct temptation
to do that which is dishonorable.
But as a court-martial must result in the
dismissal of these boys, I have offered a sub-
stitute" for the resolution of the committee
which, if adopted, will inflict upon them that
which 1 know they will feel to be the severest
punishment short of the disgraceful punish-
ment of dismissal. And i insist that we shall
not inflict any disgraceful punishment upon
them for doing an act which we all feel the boys
did not believe was in itself disgraceful. The
greatest punishment to a school-boy is the loss
o'f his vacation. Every man here knows that
these boys of this first class have been shut up
in the Academy for four years, having no vaca-
tion but one of two months in the second year
of their term, and they are looking forward, as
to a heaven of joy, to the three months' fur-
lough and frolic at home for them among their
sisters and dearer ones, if any they have, when
the time comes for their graduation, and bear-
ing to these parents their well-earned laurels
of four hard years of study and discipline.
When they come to graduate their parents
and brothers and sisters, and perhaps dearer
friends, wili gather around them to take them
home, where they can spend the three months
furlough that has always been granted by the
regulations to a graduating class. This class
have done great wrong as school-boys, but
they have not committed a great crime. I
have proposed, therefore, to inflict upon them
a punishment which they will understand and
feel to be a mark of the disapprobation with
which we look upon their conduct. I propose,
iu the words I will read, to apportion a school-
boy's punishment to a school boy's offense :
Resolved, That the House of Representatives rec-
ommends to tbe Secretary of War to refuse at the
graduation of the first class the customary iurlough,
or leave of absence, and that each member of that
elass be at onee, upon his graduation, ordered to
duty as an ollieei- of the Army, and that no leave of
absence, except siek ieave, be granted to either of
them tor one year.
I propose, therefore, that in the ligBfc of these
palliations, which we have seen, we shall make
our disapprobation—nay, condemnation, ifyou
please—of this which iu men would be an out-
rage quite manifest. I propose, as a punish-
ment for their wrong, that these young men
shall lose that pleasure to which they have
been looking forward for two years, and that
they shall be sent to the pi tins, to Arizona,
to Alaska, or wherever their station may be,
immediately after their graduation, withoutthe
customary furlough, and that they shall have
no leave of absence f >r a year. I know, and
every gentleman here knows, that this would
be a very severe punishment. Yet it is not a
disgraceful one; while it would be amply suffi-
cient to prevent any occurrence of this kind
in the future.
Now, gentlemen of the House, the country
has just passed through a long war. We have
just forgiven more than five hundred West
Point officers of the maiurest years andiipest
experience the crimes of desertion of their
flag, rebellion, treason, and murder; we have
let them go without, any punishment whatever.
And you have all voted to take off their dis-
abilities.
Several Members. Not all of us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All that
have so voted ; 1 accept the amendment. Yet
now when you come to deal with a few boys*
ill-behaved and ill-taught, ifyou please,—that
is not their fault, but yours, tor you ought to
have had the Academy in a better common—
when you come to deal with these ill taught
bovs for a bovish trick, you cannot treat them
with aspiritof forgiveness, but harshness; you
are asked not to award them a light punish-
ment. Do you propose to say that m this coun-
try there is for school-boy tricks condign pun -
ishmeut, but for treason and rebellion none ?
