1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
liberal policy should have been adopted by
the gentleman who had charge of this import-
ant subject. We on this side of the House are
here in a small minority. We can do nothing.
We are dependent upon the liberality of our
friends on the othe%pide of this question for the
opportunity to present the issues involved in
this measure in such a shape that, goitig forth
to the people of the country, they may place
the Democratic party in the position which its
representatives would desire it to occupy.
Mr. Speaker, during the past summer the
President of the United States made a treaty
with the republic of Dominica. That treaty
was rejected by the Senate of the United
States. I will say, sir, that up to this time we
have had no opportunity, either in commit-
tee or in this House, to examine into the import-
ant and fearful issues which are involved
in the vote about to be taken. Simultane-
ously with that effort on the part of the Presi-
dent of the United States to annex Dominica
to the territory of the United States, Cuba,
as you well know, and as this House well
knows, was knocking at our doors; oppressed
Cuba—Cuba that has been appealing to us
for two years past, maintaining her position
against the provisional government of Spain
and all the power which it has been able to
bring to bear unon that weak and dependent
Government. You know well, sir, and this
House knows, that when the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, through its honorable chair-
man, reported the resolution giving our moral
support to the cause of that oppressed island,
the President ot the United States _ stood
at that desk, by a communication which he
addressed to this House, opposing that resolu-
tion, in which I fully concurred ; and the Pres-
ident of the United States, by his power and
influence, succeeded in defeating what might
otherwise have been the action of this body.
At that very time, when our citizens were
insulted, when our officials were trampled
upon by the provisional government of Spain,
all the Government vessels in Cuban waters,
sent there for the protection of American cit-
izens, had been ordered to Dominica, in order
to do what a fleet may do in intimidating those
people, and to bring about the result^jf the
negotiation which was rejected by the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I merely allude to that fact in
connection with this important subject which
is now sprung upon this House, and upon
which we are compelled to vote almost with-
out debate. I am not here to assail the Pres-
ident of the United States. I trust, sir, that
I shall always treat with becoming respect the
high office which that distinguished gentieman
occupies. But why the interest which has
been manifested in this whole subject? Why
do we see here day after day_ distinguished
Senators who are known to be in accord with
the purpose which the President proposes to
carry out ? Why do we see hero the Secretary
of the Navy and the Postmaster Generallobby-
ing upon this floor, as I have reason to believe
they have done, lor the purpose of parsing
through this extraordinary measure in such hot
haste? I will only say in regard to the repre-
sentative in the Cabinet from my State tnat
if he has no more power in this House than
ho has in the little Slate of Maryland, which
I have the honor in part to represent here, the
President had better have kept him at home
to attend to his own duties in the management
of that Department which, I have reason to
believe, sadly needs his aid and ail the atten-
tion which he can bestow upon it.
Mr. Speaker, here is a proposition to appoint
a roving commission. God knows what the
members of this commission are to do. J.
have not been able to discover from this res-
olution what these commissioners are to be
sent down there to accomplish. * hey are
to examine not alone into the finances ot the
Government, and I think they will find that
upon that point they have gone on a useless
errand ; for my honorable friend from New
York [Mr. Wood] tells you of the enterprises
of various descriptions connected with this
island—enterprises whose bonds and other
evidences of value are scattered broadcast
over our great commercial communities; pro-
jects which can be vitalized only by the meas-
ure of annexation which it is now proposed
to force through this House.
Why, sir, annex that island to-morrow, and
what do you get by it? You find that their
franchises are all parted with. You find their
property is heavily mortgaged. You find there
is nothing, in fact,.left upon which the Gov-
ernment of the United States could place any
reliance as giving them even the show of an
equivalent for the annexation which they pro-
pose.
Well, Mr. Speaker, what is the object of this
commission? They are to examine generally
into the condition of affairs there. If the per-
son who represents the Government of Domin-
ica, who is in Washington now, is disposed and
can be relied upon, would he not give to this
House and the country all the information that
is desired on this subject in regard to its
finances, in regard to its geological features,
upon which my friend from New York [Mr.
Cox] has spoken, in regard to its property, and
in regard to the whole internal, political, and
material organization of that Government?
Have we not that information sufficiently be-
fore us already? Are we not called upon to
create this commission for what can eventuate
in nothing but to send these commissioners
to the republic of Dominica to spend fifty or
one hundred thousand dollars of the money
of the people without practical result?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I will yield my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Fahnswortii.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Nevada.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, I am an original
West India annexationist, with a public record
in that behalf antedating the Baez-Babcock
treaty, arid I shall vote for the pending reso-
lution as it comes from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and against the eviscerating
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ambler,] on the broad ground that this reso-
lution is a step in the direction of acquiring
the West Indian archipelago. I shall vote for
it because I hope and believe that it will be
followed sooner or later by the annexation of
Dominica by joint resolution, and I am confi-
dent that such annexation will be succeeded by
American occupation, and that in due course
of events there will follow the acquisition and
annexation of Hayti and Cuba.
I look at the great result to be obtained, and
shall not permit myself to be diverted from the
support of any measures looking to that resuU
because there may be insinuations of "jobs,"
or because somebody may, perchance, make
some money out of the acquisition. I would
have preferred a joint _ resolution annexing
Dominica directly, and limiting the amount to
be paid therefor, although such limit might
reach the sum of ten millions, threatened by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.] Even
at that price we should make a better bargain
than when we paid seven millions for a country
with such a peculiar and desirable isothermal
line that the climate is not warm enough to
mature radishes nor cold enough to produce
ice.
I voted against the motion to suspend the
rules and pass the resolution yesterday because
I was opposed to thus stifling debate ; but de-
bate having been accorded, I shall cast my vote
for the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will now yield to
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
ela.1 .
Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker, it is with great
reluctance I make any opposition to this meas-
ure and take any part in this discussion, be-
cause my judgment runs counter to that of the
Administration, and to that, I fear, ofa majority
of my political associates here; and also to
that manifest destiny feeling, which I possess
largely, which looks forward to the time when
we shall sweep into the national fold all the
territory lying between the Isthmus and the
North pole. I see no moral principle involved
in the question. There is not an inhabitant
in all that region who would not be benefited
by annexation. The question to be determ-
ined now is, whether it is good for us as a
nation, and whether it is expedient for us as a
party even, to embark in any expensive meas-
ure of annexation. My opposition to this
commission conies from the fact that I see
no point in them whatever, unless it means
annexation at the present time. Without the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Amblee] I believe it would be taking steps for
an entangling alliance for a piece of foreign
territory, populated by a mixed and turbu-
lent race, with no feelings or sentiments in
common with ns, and who have no knowledge
even of our language.
If the condition of the Treasury was such
as to warrant the undertaking now, we have
unsettled and discordant elements enough at
home to take care of without going abroad for
more and worse to add to them. But this
acquisition moans more than this. It means
large sums for public debts, claims, grants,
franchises, and matters of that kind. It means
a horde of office-holders to prevent smuggling
with the Haytian end of the island, which will
afford first-class facilities for quarrels and war
with that people, and end in the necessity for
annexing that end of the island also, either by
purchase or conquest. It means vast sums
of money for fortifications about the bay of
Samana, naval stations,_ navy-yards, marine
hospitals, and numerous iron vessels to defend
this foreign outpost. It means more naval
force and more naval officers; more Army force
and more Army officers to garrison the fortifi-
cations and keep the peace.of the island, who
will be swept down before the diseases and
climate of that island, as the European armies
sent there have always been swept down.
But where is the money to come from for all
this unless by additional and grinding taxa-
tion upon our own people? The war in Europe
precludes the idea of the low funding of our
bonds abroad, and makes it probable that we
must meet our foreign interest, instead of get-
ting more credit. Your land grant railroads
are in the home market offering seven-thirty
gold interest bonds, free of Government tax,
at par in currency, and driving the Govern-
ment out. With no reduction of the rates of
interest, with from ninety to a hundred millions
less revenue the coming year than the past,
with the expense of this annexation to be added
to our other expenses, there will be no more
reduction of the public debt, but additional
taxation, or an increase of that debt.
What benefits can come from this movement
to warrant the expense at this time, when the
whole commerce of that country with this,
including both imports and exports, is less than
$150,000 per year, and wlien, if annexation is
accomplished, it is another outpost to defend,
isolated and cut off from our resources? Sir,
if we had millions of surplus revenue in the
Treasury, instead of hundred of millions of
interest-bearing debt to carry, we could afford
to commence the undertaking; but, believing
that neither the country nor the Treasury is in
a condition now to enter upon this enterprise,
I feel impelled to oppose any measure which
commits the country to annexation at the pres-
ent time.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a bill of the
House of the following title;
A bill (H. R. No. 2626) for the relief ot
Harvey D. Scott, of Indiana,
