412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
kepl'blic of dominica.
The House resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution authorizing the appointment
of commissioners in relation to the republic of
Dominica.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, no gen-
tleman in the time allotted me can express
himself clearly on this subject. I rise simply
for the purpose of saying that, as at present
advised, lam opposed to theacquisition of San
Domingo. My constituents are opposed to it,
as I believe nine tenths of the constituents of
every member of this House are opposed to it.
They believe, and so do I, that its acquisition
will rather weaken than strengthen this He-
public; they believe, and so do 1, it will neither
increase our wealth nor decrease our taxes;
they believe, and so do I, that the annexation
of a population which cannot speak our lan-
guage, is unacquainted with our laws and in-
stitutions, and is unqualified for self-govern-
inent, will necessarily dilute and weaken the
governing power of the United States, and thus
do us very great harm. I am not so much of
a "manifest-destiny" man as my friend from
Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.] I believe it is possible
to spread the wings of the eagle to too great
an extent; that you might possibly damage the
body of the bird by overstretching and expan-
sion. We have land enough ; let us cultivate
and develop it. Let us develop and populate
Nevada, for it is in need of population.
Mr. FITCH. If my ft iend from Illinois will
allow rie, I will say that if he will move out to
Nevada lie may be able to accomplish some-
thing in that line. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWOR I'll. Why, Mr. Speaker,
the example of my fiiend from Nevada, who
is about to leave that State for Utah, would
deter other gentlemen from settling there.
But, Mr. Speaker, while I am thu3 opposed
to the acquisition of Dominica, I am willing
that the resolution of the Senate, amended, as
3 trust it will be, by the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] shall
pass. I am willing if, shall pass, because I am
willing to acquire information with regard to
the island and its people. I have no doubt
that the President is acting in good faith with
regard to this matter, though he may have been
ill advised and is perhaps laboring under mis-
takes as to the wishes of the people. But
without that amendment, the amendment hav-
ing been offered, 1 am unwilling that the reso-
lution should pass. To vote down the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman of Ohio will be
to vote the converse of what that amendment
affirms. It will be saying that Congress is
willing, by the passage of the resolution, to
comum. itself to the acquisition of Dominica.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and
especially so as the passage of the resolution
authorizing the appointment of commissioners
is not absolutely required in order to send
commissioners to San Domingo. The Presi-
dent having nlready the power to send men of
his own selection and appointment, with direc-
tions to obtain and report the precise informa-
tion that this resolution calls for, I ask what
can be the object of the resolution except it
be to commit Congress to the project—an
entering wedge, to be driven home when the
report ot the commission shall have been laid
before us.
Jt is said that amending the resolution will
delay its adoption for some days? Well, what
if it does? \VilI the island sink or float away?
What is the necessity of such haste? Some
gentlemen say that the delay will prevent
action for iis annexation during the present
session of Congress! That solves the prob-
lem.^ Then it is expected, is it, that the com-
missioners will receive their appointment, go
to Dominica, make these investigations, re-
turn, make their report in time for this Con-
gress tu pu«s a joint resolution for its annexa-
tion, and ail within less than fifty-six days?
Sit, that is too bald; the country cannot be
imp.osed upon by so weak and flimsy a device.
A report from a commission made thus can
have no value, no moral effect upon the coun-
try. Then, why this unseemly haste on the
part of members of this House, in a matter
in which our constituents do not ask for action?
Mr. Speaker, we do not want expansion at
the present time, and especially in that, direc-
tion. We did not need Alaska, nor did the
people want it. It is a troublesome elephant
upon our hands, now that we have it, and the
wisest and most economical thing we could
now do would he to abandon it, so far as the
territory is concerned. Sir, I have no objec-
tion to expansion in the direction of the peo-
ple who speak a common language and whose
laws are derived from a common source with
ours, and who are, by race, habits, and educa-
tion. homogeneous with ourselves,provided it,
can be accomplished without war and with the
free assent of the people. Sir, under our Gov-
ernment there can beno colonial dependencies.
The moment we annex San Domingo its peo-
ple become citizens of the United States and
voters. It can only be annexed as a Territory
or as a State. The Senate has refused a treaty
annexing it as a Territory. Shall we make it
a State? Why, sir, what is the character of
Dominica and its inhabitants? Let us see:
Upon these points a few historical refer-
ences, of unquestionable character, may be
important.
Appended to Bryan Edwards's History of
the West Indies, (three volumes, quarto : Lon-
don, 1801,) at volume three, page 383, &c.,there
is a '"Postciipt to the Historical Survey of
San Domingo," &c., which gives facts relative
to the invasion of the island by the British,
at the instance of the Fiench and mulatto
proprietors, in 1703 to 1708. From April to
August, 1795, ninety-eight hundred British
troops had landed on the island. In June,
179G, they were re'en forced by more than four
British regiments, and these were .followed
soon afterward by over ten regiments of Brit-
ish infantry and three of cavalry, chiefly for-
eign hors«, Hompesch's dragoons and others.
A powerful fleet cooperated, and the invaders
organized some eight thousand colonial troops,
chiefly negroes, purchased for the occasion.
From the first to the last there appears to
have been very little fighting.
Among the first that lauded was the eighty-
second British infantry, nine hundred and
eighty strong. Ofthese, six hundred and thirty
'• fell victims to the climate" (yellow fever)
within ten days. In one company only three
of the rank and file were left.
Hompesch's dragoons in two months were
reduced from a thousand strong to three hun-
dred men. The ninety-sixth British infantry,
eight hundred and fifty strong, "perished to
a man!'' By September, 1796, seven thousand
five hundred and thirty of the British infan-
try were dead. Toward the close of 1797, of
the entire British and foreign forces that had
landed not more than three thousand were
alive and fit for duty.
The loss of seamen by the fleet may "be very
moderately estimated at five thousand men."
Almost the only important enemy was the
climate. The mortality was so great as to leave
no alternative to the survivors but to retire. Of
the British infantry only about eleven hundred
remained alive.
In 1791 about twenty-four hundred British
troops had left Cork for Barbados, and thence
proceeded to capture Martinique. Two hundred
and fifty of these died of fever on the voyage. I n
the capture of the place seventeen were killed
and about fifty wounded. But in two months
after the surrender forty officers and six hun-
dred rank and file had perished of yellow fever.
These were only repetitions of British experi-
ence in 1741, in their attack upon Carthagena.
Burke said, " It was not an enemy we had to
vanquish, but a cemetery to acquire." The
poet Thompson had some affecting lines upon
this subject. The British found the same results
at Havana in 17C2, as well as elsewhere in the
West Indies.
Now, let us turn to Thiers's History of the
Consulate and the Empire, volume four. Ia
May, 1802, Napoleon Bonaparte, first consul,
sent his brotlier-in-lavv, General Leclerc, with
Generals Richepense, Ilochatnbeau, Boudet,
and many other distinguished officers, to San
Domingo, with twenty-two thousand French
veterans of the Rhine and of Egypt, intending
to restore the island to French allegiance.
Later in the same year these were followed by
ten thousand more, making thirty-two thousand
men, supported by a fleet of twenty-five sail of
the line. Many of these troops landed at
Samana bay. For some eighteen months they
had desultory fighting with the blacks, in which
they lost about five thousand men. But, ia
addition, thousands had perished with the
fever, hive thousand more were in the hos-
pitals. General Leelerc died in November,
with twelve general officers, almost at the same
time, of "black vomit." Thiers says twelve
thousand at most remained fitf'or duty ; and in
November, 1803, six or seven thousand only
of all the brave men who had landed remained
alive and convalescent; and these were glad to
escape, by surrendering to the British fleet,
after the violation of the peace of Amiens by
the British sent to observe the French expe-
dition.
We have no authentic report of the last Span-
ish expedition, more recently sent to recover
the eastern portion of the island; but after
years of bloodshed and loss of life, which has
been, perhaps, uncertainly estimated at twenty-
five thousand men, the attempt was hopelessly
abandoned.
As for the moral and physical qualities of
the population of San Domingo—a motley mix-
ture of French, Spanish, and other Europeans,
with Indians, savages, and negroes from every
part ofwestern Africa—itis worth while torefer
to Bryan Edwards's History, chapter twelve,
volume three, page 22], and elsewhere; and
then if any man wants such people as these
incorporated as fellow-citizens of the United
States he must be a man of an "unbounded
stomach."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I do not
intend, Mr. Speaker, to attempt to discuss in
ten minutes the great, question of tho annex-
ation of territory, or the question of the future
of this country. I desire, however, to call
the attention of the House, and of the friends
of the resolution, to what I understand to be
the effect of the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ambi.eb.] That
gentleman is a frank and bold man, and will
tell you frankly that he is opposed to the
annexation of any territory to this country,
wherever that, territory may be situated—nortii
or south Canada, Nova Scotia, or Manitoba—
and that, actuated by that opposition to the
annexation of territory, he offered this amend-
ment—for what purpose? Why, to kill the
resolution. The gentleman who last spoke
[Mr. Fauxswortii] is also opposed to annexa-
tion, and is in favor of the amendment. Why?
Because they all know that that, amendment
sends this measure back to the Senate, to be
debated for days and weeks and to lead to the
repetition of such a scene as was witnessed
there on the night just before the holidays.
Mr. AMBLER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me a moment ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. AMBLEU. 1 concede that th e gentle-
pi an from Massachusetts states correctly my
ideas upon the subject of the acquisition oi*
territory ; but I beg to say to him that lie is
mistaken in supposing that I had any such in-
tention as that which is attributed to mebv him
m offering this amendment. I did not intend
to kill this investigation; I did intend, if my
amendment could be parsed, to place myself
in such.a position and to place the PJouse in
snch a position as that it should not be com
