1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
mitted to the acquisition after the report of
the commission.
Mr. ]>U l'LER, of Massachusetts. I accept,
Mr. Speaker, the explanation of the gentle-
man; but I always suppose that a gentleman
intends the necessary consequences of his acts;
and I repeat again, there is not a man, woman,
or child that knows anything about this matter
but know that the effect of this amendment is
to send this question back to the Senate to be
deba'ed and redebated there again, and put
the strain upon the Republican party of the
changes of scene at the o! her end of the Capi-
tol such as we had at night just before the
holidays.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
my colleague if it will not stand debate?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I willan-
swer that inquiry. It will stand the debate.
The. Republican party can stand the debate.
The Republican party can stand anything but
its false friends. But what it can do, and what
we ought to put it to do, are two questions—
entirely different questions. It is well under-
stood that if this resolution should go over
to the Senate and be debated there for two
weeks, then there is an end of any report from
the commission at this session of Congress,
and you will find that every Democrat, like the
Indiana Legislature, will vote for this amend-
ment, although they will vote against the reso-
lution after they have amended the resolution
emanating as a measure from this side of the
House. They will amend the resolution so as
to kill it, and then vole against it. Some of
us will be found voting with them, as we have
-been found voting with them before.
I have heard many painful things in my
life, Mr. Speaker, but no more painful thing
has ever greeted my ear than the telegraphic
dispatch read from the desk from Indiana;
not that the senate of Indiana, organized by
fraud and corruption, should send a message
to instruct gentlemen on this floor; that might
well enough be; but that the honored and
revered Senator from Massachusetts should
be deemed by that corrupt senate of Demo-
crats to be a fit man to whom that message
should be sent is saddest of all. Nothing on
earth has ever struck my ear so harshly, and
I know that when he receives it and finds
whose mouth piece he has become he will
say, in the classic lines so familiar to him:
"Since he, miscalled the Morning Star, t
In or man nor fiend liath fallen so far."
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman
allow me a moment?
Mr. BUI'LEIi, of Massachusetts, I have
not time, sir; I will yield everything to you
but time. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I theiefore warn gentlemen,
and that is all 1 propose to do, that every man
who votes for the Ambler amendment will
find himself side by side with those opposed
to annexation; every man who votes for the
Ambler amendment will find himself side by
side with the Democrats of Indiana, and if
there are any worse politicians I do not know
them. [Laughter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. The Republicans elected
a majority of the present senate of Indiana.
The reason why you have not retained that
majority is that your course here hasdisgusted
your own men, elected by yourselves. Repub-
licans have turned against you and enabled the
senate of Indiana to pass this resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
yielding to this, Mr. Speaker, but I cannot help
the interruption. Yes, the Democrats of Indi-
ana expect the same sort of coalition here;
they expect Republicans on this floor to unite
with the Democrats and practically kill this
bill. That is what is expected, that is what is
intended, and thatiswhat is hoped for. Now,
any man who chooses to vote in that company
and in that way will be responsible to the party
hereafter. Why cannot the friends of Repub-
lican principles stand together? Why cannot
they afford to vote even for a resolution for
information without pulling on record some
liamby-paruby amendment that they are not
committed? Committed to what? Committed
to get information upon a subject they need to
examine further. That is all they are commit-
ted to by any vote upon this resolution.
And I want it should be exactly understood
that this amendment is proposed, and we are
brought to vote upon it so as to catch some
gentleman who are supposed to be a little weak
in the back on this question. 11 is proposed for
the purpose of destroying this measure of the
Administration, of the Republican party, and
of the party of the country in the future; be-
cause, let me say here, whoever, as a political
party, opposes the acquisition of any territory
011 this continent will come to naught. And
the brightest liope3 I have is seeing the vital
blunders made by the old Whigs who have now
got the control of theDemocratic party, in op-
posing annexation, showing that they do not
know how even to handle the old Democratic
tools. Sir, annexation was the doctrine of
Jefferson, the doctrine of Jackson, the doc-
trine of Polk, the doctrine of every Democratic
Administration, and now come to be accepted
as the doctrine of the country. In a word, our
country however bounded!
[Here the hammer fell.]
J\Ir. BINGHAM. I think it must be appar-
ent, after what, has been said in this House,
that the only effect of the amendment offered
by my honorable colleague [Mr. Amblek] is to
defeat this resolution. And yet my colleague
says that he does not object to the resolution;
he only desires to exclude the conclusion that
by its passage Congress is committed to the
annexation of San Domingo to the Govern-
ment of the United States. Mr. Speaker, my
colleague is entirely too intelligent a gentle-
man, and too learned a lawyer not to know
that by the very text of the Senate resolution
that conclusion is excluded, for the simple
reason that the Senate resolution, for which
I stand the advocate tlifs day, contains the
express provision on its face that the report
of the commission shall be submitted to the
Congress of the United States. Now, sir,
what does that import as it stands in the Sen-
ate resolutions now under consideration but
this, that the Congress to which the report of
the commission shall be submitted shall then
determine all questions in the matter, includ-
ing that of the annexation, and there is the
end of it? If the Congress upon the incoming
of the report shall be of opinion that San
Domingo ought not to be annexed, who can
prevent the Congress from so deciding?
I do not stand here to day to strike hands
with gentlemen 011 the Democratic side of the
House who have seen fit in the heat of this
debate to characterize the foremost man of the
Republic, foremost by the suffrages of the mil-
lions of our people, as a king and tyrant. That
was the substance of the language addressed
to the House on yesterday by the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. It was.
Mr. BINGHAM. I tell the gentleman that
the man who is the subject of such vitupera-
tion and abuse is so entitled to the confidence
and the gratitude as well of his country that
his good name and fame will survive anything
and all things that the gentleman can say or
do concerning him.
Mr. Speaker, I desire also to remind this
House, in connection with what I have said,
that it was somewhat disingenuous, in my opin-
ion, in the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] and others who followed his lead, to
undertake to persuade this House that they
were passing here and now upon the question
of annexation. We are passing, and 110 man
knows it better than the gentleman from New
York, upon the question of an inquiry only, to
be made throughacommission to be authorized
by ourselves 111 what concerns the interests,
and it may be the honor and the security of the
American Republic. Whenever it has seemed
good to the American people to make such an
inquiry they have made it, at every period in
our history. And having made it, and hav-
ing acted upon it in the past, they have there-
by crowned the Republic with that greatness
which it has acquired in the family of nations. I
point yon to the acquisition, under the admin-
istration of Jefferson, of the great territory of
Louisiana, extending from the Uulf of Mexico
to the Lake of the Woods. I point you to the
acquisition of that other great territory acquired
from Spain under the administration of Mon-
roe. I point you to the acquisition of that other
vast territory acquired from Mexico. And
finally, 1 point you to that other territory ac-
quired from Russia; these total acquisiiions
constituting three fourths of the area of the
Republic this day.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will my colleague yield
to me for a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, not now. I desire,
in connection with what I have said, to point
you to what resulted from these vast acquisi-
tions. I11 the eloquent language of one of the
most accomplished men that Massachusetts
ever gave to the service of the Republic, it
resulted in an emigration from every part of
the United Kingdom, from Prance, from Swit-
zerland, and Germany, and from the extremest
north of Europe, upon these acquired posses-
sions of ours, "such as the world has never
seen before."' So much for our past policy of
acquisition of territory; it speaks this day for
itself.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. How did the gentleman
vote upon 
Mr. BINGHAM. I care nothing about tbo
gentleman's inquiry now. I am for the hon-
orable acquisition of territory, if it can be made
honorably and in the interests of the people.
1 propose, by supporting the resolutions, to
inquire if it be for their interests to annex San
Domingo. This commission is to be sent out
to inquire what are the resources of San Do-
mingo ; what is the disposition of the people
of that island; do they desire to be annexed to
the Government of the United States; is it
their wish to be annexed. If so, if it is the
wish, as your President says, of the great body
of the people of the republic of San Domingo
to be annexed to this Government, I would
like to know what man on this earth has a
right to challenge our tight to provide for such
a commission ?
This commission is further to inquire what
would be the necessary consequence of annex-
ation, independent of the other matters t.o
which 1 have referred, the temper and qualifi-
cations of the people, their wishes in the prem-
ises, and the resources of the island ; that is
to say, what debt shall we incur 011 behalf of
the Government of San Domingo by annexa-
tion. Gentlemen pretend to say they know
all about it already. I am free to say I do
not. The executive department of this Gov-
ernment is charged under the Constitution with
making such inquiries and reporting them from
to time to time to this House. The President
has made such inquiries for himself and has
made such report. I am willing to credit and
to trust him. But he asks also the appoint-
ment of this commission. Out of abundant
caution he asks it. He asks it because the
fidelity of his statements is challenged, lie
asks that the xltnerican people, by a commis-
sion of eminent citizens selected under the
authority of their Representatives in Congress,
shall make all these inquiries and submit their
report to Congress for consideration.
When that report shall be submitted it will
be time enough for the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Fahhswouth,] or any other gentle-
man, to give us the aid of his higher intelli-
gence in this matter, if he shall be in conflict
with that report, whatever it may be. Why,
sir, I assume that in the event of an incoming
report which shall show that it is to the advan-
tage and interest of the Government of the
United States to acquire this island, that the
