1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1239
is '*  ! The offense of making such an entry
as tlia. ?^iii the rolls of the Army would not
only be a s^fSuicnt cause for cashiering the
m.in who comtii.;i.?-d the offense, but it would
have been considered, if committed in the
Army by any staff officer as an act which made
liirn liable to be shot under the Regulations
of War.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. May I
ask (he gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax]
in what part, of the evidence is this entry on the
record of the charge of desertion to be found?
Mr. LOGAN. The entry was made on the
official record of the class by the captain of
the company.
Mr. SLOOUM. Cadet Captain Davis.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; but he was in-
formed by the class. Captain Davis, as I
understand, was one of the first class; the very
class that perpetrated the outrage, was he not?
He was officer of the day, and entered this
record ; and that record stood there, and was
sent to the War Department, and the first
class allowed it to stand without notifying the
superintendent of the Academy that it was
not true, and that, they had driven these three
cadets from the Point. That is the fact.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Allow me a
question. 1 would like to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether the cadet who made this
entry was cognizantof the facts of the outrage?
Mr. SLOUUM. lie was one of those who
took one of the cadets out of his bed.
Mr. LOGAN, lie said so in the evidence.
I will read it 10 you if you desire it:
*'Qnetiiion. What report did you make of these
boys on the morning of the 4th of January ?
"Answer. They were reported absent without
leave."
That was the report, "absent without leave."
Mr. PAIN IS, of Wisconsin. Did he know
at the time that the outrage had been perpe-
trated ?
Mr. LOGAN. Why, he was one of the
cadets that, helped take these boys out of bed
■with his own hands.
Mr. ALLISON'. Is it not the fact that the
officer of ihe day during this time, and who
made this report the morning after, was Cadet
Mott, and that he staled distinctly that he did
not know how these cadets had been treated?
He is excepted as one of the cadets who knew
nothinx of ihe facts.
Mr. LOGAN. Cadet Captain Davis reported
these jiniiig men as absent without leave. The
report had been made to Cadet Mott that they
were absent, without leave, if the gentleman
had more knowledge of m i I it arj'affairs he would
know how these repot Is are made.
Mr. KISLLOGG. Allow me one question.
Mr. LOGAN. Haifa dozen if you wish.
Mr. KELLOG.G. I would ask the gentle-
man il the rest of ihe class, before the outrage
■was committed, did not very carefully conceal
from the officer of the day that they were
going to make this movement, aud if he was
not entirely ignorant of it?
Mr. LOGAN. Of course they carefully
concealed it from Cadet Mott,
Mr. KELLOGG. Then it was no fault
of his?
M-r. LOGAN. But they allowed the record
to be made, it was reported by Captain Davis
that these three cadets were ''absent without
leave," winch made them deserters; and they
kept the facts concealed until that fact had
bi-cn transmitted to the Secretary of War; and
that is a part of their offense, if gentlemen will
understand it.
Now, sir. ]pt us go a little further in this
matter for a short time. I do not intend to
detain the House by discussing this question at
any very great length : but allow me to say a
word in" leference to this resolution. It has
been discussed differently by different gentle-
men. There are some differences of opinion
in reference to the effect of this resolution.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
whether or uot cadets could be dis-
missed from West Point without a decision of
a court-martial. I say to him that they can,
lor the reason that they are not officers of the
Army. They have no commissions ; they are
mere students, appointed to remain there while
they behaved themselves, according to the
rules prescribed for their government. Now,
what is the effect of this resolution? The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts says that he does
not like to see Congress playing at court-mar-
tial. Neitherdo I; but what do we propose in
this connection? We propose that the Secre-
tary of War shall do what? He shall call a court
of inquiry—that is what we recommend—and
that when he finds out the leaders in this out-
rage he shall dismiss them. That is the rec-
ommendation of the committee, and that will
be the recommendation of the House if the
House shall adopt the resolution. But the
Secretary of War is not compelled to do this,
although I think he ought to be. He may or
he may not do it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
make it very uncomfortable for him if he does
not.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether he
will do it or not. That is not a question for
me to discuss. I am only speaking of the
effect of the resolution. The leaders, in my
judgment, ought to be dismissed. The rec-
ommendation' is that the remainder of the
class shall be tried by court martial, and the
court is to dispose of them, so far as punish-
ment is concerned, as they believe to be just
and proper. Now let us see what hardship
there is in this. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says that it is a lasting disgrace, that
it will last as long as these men live, that the
prospects of these men will be blighted. I
will say this to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts: that during my service in the war some
of as gallant officers asl bad in my command—
one especially, and you will excuse me for not
giving the name—was a man who bad been dis-
missed from West Point; a man who made a
great reputation during the war. I do not say
this by way of asking you to dismiss these
men. I only say it by way of answering the
gentleman. I know gentlemen who have been
dismissed from school, and they made good
men afterward. Plenty of gentlemen have
been dismissed from college, i do not know
that it kept them out of Congress; it may have
kept them out of jail. [Laughter.] 1 do not
consider this as being a lasting disgrace. I do
consider it, however, as putting the seal of
our condemnation upon such action at a Gov-
ernment Academy. That is what 1 consider it.
Now, 1 desire to answer the suggestion made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts in ref-
erence to traitors down South. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts and those who follow
his lead in this House had voted as seldom as
I have done to relievo gentlemen from dis-
abilities who were graduates at West Point
there would have been none of them relieved
up to this day. And when he tries to com-
pare the offense of rebels in arms against the
Government, and our action in relieving them
from disabilities with theoffenseofthese cadets,
in order to prevent members from do;ng their
duty in reference to governing this Academy
in a proper manner, i say that the cases are
not parallel at all. But 1 will call the gentle-
man's attention to one thing. He says that
this has been a common thing at West Point.
1 grant it. He says that conduct, like this has
been common for years. I do not know my-
self how long it has been going on ; I will not
say that it has been common; but I will take
his statement for it, and agree to the proposi- !
tion, aud 1 will say this: peihaps if the conduct
of the professors and those in authority at West.
Point had been of a different character, and j
if Congress had paid a little more attention to
the West Point Academy heretofore, and seen ;
that the cadets were kept within the rules and
discipline of the Army, it may be that we j
would uot have had so many gentlemen in i
the rebel army who were graduates from that
institution. Perhaps this lawlessness to which
they have been accustomed for years caused
th^m to think that rebellion was not H great
offense; that rebellion was a little pastime;
that when they rebelled for "nearly four years
it was a mere unpleasantness among the peo-
ple of this country and no offense against law
at all. They may have got their first lesson in
rebellion at West Point by just such conduct
generally as this first class has been guilty of
recently. If you do not want any more rebel-
lion among the Army and its officers teach
these cadets to obey the laws while they are
young and let them grow up in the observance
of the law, in obedience to discipline, aud per-
haps they will estimate the laws more highly
than they have done heretofore. This was
rebellion against" the laws of the institution,
nothing more nor less. It was an incipient
stage of rebellion. It educates them for rebel-
lion. It educates them for violation of law.
it educates them to take the law into their
own hands. If any gentleman will take up
this report and' rea l the letter of this first
class, sent by them to the superintendent of
the Military Academy, and signed by three
members of the class appointed by them, they
will find that they admit their violation of the
rules of the Academy, and say that they took
the law into their own hands for the reason
that they wanted to redeem the corps, to rees-
tablish the corps upon higher moral ground
than it had been on before, and that was the
reason why they had performed this act in the
manner in which they did.
There is one other thing to which I wish to
refer: I did not expect to speak on thisques-
tion at all, and 1 merely desire to answer the
points made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. He said that had he been on ihe com-
mittee he would have made just the same
report that we have made, and that perhaps
he would have made a stronger report. Now,
1 want to know how a member of Co.ngress
can get up here and tell you that he would
have made just such a report as the committee
had made, and yet oppose that report ? What
kind of reasoning is that? He would have done
just what we have done and perhaps made the
report stronger, aud yet he wants you to refuse
to adopt what the committee tecom mends. Now
you gentlemen are on the committee. The two
hundred and forty-one members of this House
have to pass on this evidence just as the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have passed upon
it. A subcommittee look this evidence, and
the entire Cummittee passed upon it. We have
reported these resolutions as our judgment as
to what shall be done in the premises. The
gentleman agrees with us that this is right, and
says that he would have done the same thing
if he had been on the committee, but in the
House he would not do it.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. May I
explain that?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not see how the gentle-
man can explain it.
Mr. BU i'LEll, of Massachusetts. As a
member of a committee making a report of
the results of an investigation, in accordance
with the law as it is, I would do oue thing, but
when called upon in the House to take part ic
making the law I would do a very different
tiling.
Mr LOGAN. Well, it may be entirely cor-
rect for a man to do in a committee what he
would not do in the House. That is the sum
total of the gentleman's statement. When in
a committee taking testimony, with doors
closed, the gentleman would recommend that
which he would not recommend if he were in
the House. Is not that it? That is the way
I understand it. Is that what the gentleman
means?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman, as I under-
stand, would support in the House what he
would not support in a commi tee.
