414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
people of the island are desirous of annexa-
tion, that it will be attended with no dishonor
to the Republic, that no considerable pecun-
iary obligation will be incurred, the very gen-
tlemen who have this day attempted to impede
the passage of this resolution will be con-
strained to give it their .support; and their
excuse then will be that they did not know all
this.
The only way to know is to inquire. The
resolution proposes inquiry; and 1 think that
it is the first duty of nations and the first duty
of the representatives of a great people to in-
quire when a matter is called to their attention
whether their interests are involved in any
proposed measure. I remember well that in
one of the ablest of the many able papers of
the venerable John Quincy Adams, then Sec-
retary of State, speaking of one of these neigh-
boring islands of the West Indies, he said that
the time was probably not far distant when its
annexation to the United States of America
would be ''indispensable to the continuance
and integrity of the Union itself." Since that
grand statesman, foremost among the states-
men of his time, made that utterance circum-
stances have arisen which clearly demonstrate
to my mind the absolute importance to the
people of the United States of acquiring, a3
speedily as possible, consistently always with
the honor and integrity of the nation, commer-
cial outposts in both oceans. Why, sir, by
reason of our late acquisitions we lie directly
on the path of commerce between all Europe
and the Bast. It is five thousand miles, if my
memory serves me right, shorter in time, from
Liverpool to Japan and China this day across
the American territory and by the Pacific
ocean than even through the Suez canal. Com-
merce, sir, other things being equal, always
seeks the shortest route. I am for the reso-
lution without the amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
inquire whether the floor now belongs to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth.]
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I desire
to move that fifteen minutes be added to the
time agreed upon for debate. There are two
or three members who suppose themselves
entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. Owing to the shortness
of time, the Chair has been unable to fulfill
all the engagements which he would have liked
to carry out. There are gentlemen on both
sides of the House who desire very much to be
heard ; but it is out of the power of the Chair
to accommodate them.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will ask an extension of the debate
for thirty minutes.
Mr. MORGAN. One hour.
Mr. VOORHEES. We would be very glad
to have an hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I promised to
move an extension of fifteen minutes ; and that
is the motion I make.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is such
a motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The proposition requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Listen to the
man who cracks the whip!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And listen
to the man whose back smarts !
Mr. MORGAN. Yes : the House is under
the domination of a whip-cracker.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman's
lash can hurt nothing but the cause for which |
he wields it.
Mr. ORTH. I yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the passage of this resolution. I do not see
how we can do otherwise than pass it. The
charge of fraud has been made against the
Administration and against the friends of this
measure. I do not see how we can disprove
that charge except by investigating, and, if the
charge be true, visiting punishment upon those
to whom it belongs. Every people is respons-
ible for the conduct of its officials ; but the peo-
ple of a republic are more responsible than
others, because they choose their own officials.
Charges have been made of fraud from high
sources, from the Senate of the United States.
Charges have gone out that fraud has been and
is being committed. I ask that that matter be
investigated.
The Legislature of my own State has seen
fit to say that the delegates here from that
State shall vote against this measure. I stand
here, as one of the members from that. Slate,
to declare that I will vote for this measure.
I stand here to say that, when the Adminis-
tration of the Government which I sustain is
charged with fraud, I will give to it, by my
vote and my voice, all the means by which it
may vindicate itself, or the means by which
it may perish for want of ability to vindicate
itself. I do not believe these charges to be
true, and 1 will not stand by to tie the hands
of the Administration, as though they were
true. Therefore I maintain my right against
the resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
which has violated the constitution of that
State by taking, by force, power into its own
hands. I do not want such a Legislature to
teach me how I shall vote. I do not want iL
to tell me how I shall represent the people I
have been sent here to speak for. I am in
favor of the Senate resolution, despite the
action of the Indiana Legislature. Charges
of fraud have been made, and I am in favor
of investigation to determine their truth or
falsity.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the passage of these resolutions. Whether
I am in favor of the annexation of Dominica
or not I do not myself know. It is not a sub-
ject which I have given much attention to. I
have not made so much investigation of the
subject as to have any fixed opinion in that
regard. What I desire is information on this
subject, and this resolution proposes nothing
more than to obtain information.
Is it proper that we should have information
on this subject? I do not know, Mr. Speaker,
but other gentlemen in this House may know
enough on this subject to vote intelligently on
this question, whether we should annex San
Domingo or not; but certainly I have not such
information. It becomes, then, merely with
me a question, is the mode proposed by this
resolution the proper one to get information
on this subject? I suppose if we could go our-
selves to San Domingo and examine for our-
selves, none of us are prepared to say that we
could not know more on the subject than we
know now. If careful, proper, and true men
be sent by the President to malke this investi-
gation, is it not the proper course to getinform-
ation on the subject?
My general opinion in reference to this ques-
tion of annexation of San Domingo has been
against it, but it is based upon the judgment j
of other gentlemen in whom I have confidence, '
and who, I suppose, have given more attention
to this subject than myself.
Before 1 am called on to vote on the ques-
tion myself I wish further information. I do
not regard the merits of the question as at all 1
involved in the vote I shall give in favor of
these resolutions, and therefore I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ambler.] It is involved in the
resolution itself. We say that we send out this
commission for the purpose of obtaining inform-
ation that may enable us to form an intelli-
gent and sound judgment upon the question of
annexation. The very idea of thus seeking
information is that we are to form judgment
upon it; and in no just sense can a vote in
favor of getting information be tortured into a
pledge to vote for annexation any more than
it is a pledge to vote against it.
In a certain sense it is a pledge to be affected
by the information obtained; but only as it
shall affect the conscience and judgment of
each individual member. Nor am I at all
influenced by the consideration that has been
mentioned, that inasmuch as this amendment
has been offered, to vote it down would imply
that we did consider the passage of the Senate
resolutions as involving such a pledge. The
resolutions profess no pledge, except to act
justly and honestly upon the information ob-
tained ; and for one I feel under no necessity
of pledging myself to so vote, or the contrary ;
nor do I desire to exact any from my asso-
ciates upon this floor.
One word more. It has been said by my col-
league, [Mr. Willard,] and by others in-this
debate, that it will take a long time to make
the investigation proposed by these resolutions
in a thorough and proper manner, so as to be
of any service in giving to Congress and the
country such information as they need on the
subjectofSan Domingo, and that no such time
and opportunity are to be given. How my col-
league and others make this assertion, upon
what information and authority, I do not know,
and they have not told us. I do not myself
know of any good reason we have for believ-
ing that the President is not acting in good
faith in this matter. He has clearly and openly
declared himself in favor of annexation, and
given his reasons for it. If he desires that the
results of this commission shall have any force
and influence upon Congress, or upou the
public mind, it is reasonable to suppose that
he will appoint as commissioners men of such
standing and character as will give some weight
to their report.
If such men are appointed, it is unreasonable
to suppose that they will so shirk their proper
duty, or peril their own reputation, as to make
a mere sham report, and not reasonably ex-
haust the subjects of inquiry upon which they
are sent; and the time necessary for that pur-
pose is nnder their control and direction, and
not subject to the control of the President.
Nor am I prepared to believe that the present
occupant of the presidential office, placed there
by the Republican party, desires or intends to
deal thus unfairly with Congress or the country.
I do not think there is any just ground lor
belief he so intends. But if I am mistaken in
this; if the President intends this commission
as a mere sham and deception, and the com-
missioners who may be appointed shall be par-
ties to it, and by failing to take sufficient time,
or other failure, it shall be apparent that no
fair investigation has been made, then I can
only say that their report will be without effect
on Congress or the country, and will only have
effect to retard and prevent the annexation of
San Domingo, instead of helping and forward-
ing it.
Mr. ORTH. I yield now to the gentleman
from Connecticut.
Mr. KELLOGG. I can in the few minutes
allowed me do no more than give the reasons
why I shall vote for this resolution without
amendment. I do not understand this resolu-
tion as committing this Congress to the policy
of annexation unless we find, after investiga-
tion of the facts, it is beneficial to the country
and to all parties interested. It leaves that
question open and undecided until we can get
all the information that may be necessary for
the intelligent action of Congress.
This, Mr. Speaker, is a resolution simply
authorizing the President to appoint a com-
mission to go to San Domingo and inquire into
allthe advantages and disadvantages of annex-
ation, and show to the country what the amount
of debt is, and what burdens, if any, we assume
by annexation ; what the character of the soil
and the condition of the people, and whether
the people themselves want to be annexed to
this Government; and generally, all the facts
