1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As a
committee man, I would report what the law
is; but as a member of ihe House 1 would
try to make the Irw as I think it ought to be.
Mr. LOG A N. Then, as a member of the
committee the gfetuleman would report what
the law is; when he comes into the House he
would vote what the law is not. is not that
itT That is the way I understand it. Now,
aa Ji is not my theory. My idea is to report as
a member of the committee just what I would
vote for in the House, and to vote for in the
House just what I would vote for in commit-
tee. I think that is the proper way to legis-
late. If it is not, what need have we for
committees? The gentleman would have a
committee report what he says would be just
whathe himself wouldreport; yetin the House
he would slap the committee in the face by
voting down the report. Js that the way to
treat committees of this House? Do you pro-
pose to treat your committees as children, to
bring them here with their reports and then
slap them in the face? If this is the waycom-
mittees are to be treated, I do not want to
serve on any committees in this House. If,
after discharging our duty by making a proper
report, our action is to be repudiated or over-
ruled by the House, I do not want to be the
chairman of any committee. There are sev-
eral committees making investigations, and
they will shortly be coming in here with their
reports. 1 suppose when we" shall consider
those repoits the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will say, '• The committee have done just
what was'right for them as a committee ; but
it is not right for us as a House to adopt their
report; we must overrule it and adopt some-
thing else."
I know the House is weary of listening to
this argument on both sides, and I have no
disposition to continue the discussion any
longer. I have no feeling about the matter.
All 1 desire is to perform, as a member of the
committee, the duty that was assigned to us by
the House. T now move the previous question.
Mr. G ARFiELD, of Ohio. I believe there
are several others who want to be heard.
Mr. LOGAN. After the seconding of the
previous question there will be an hour for
discussion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
now take a recess.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. I trust we shall vote on this
question now and settle it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, is not
the motion for a recess in order?
The SPEAKER. The House yesterday
ordered that this evening, at half past seven
o'clock, there should be a session for debate
only, as in Committee of the Whole. Hence
a niot'.on for a recess will be entertained by the
Chair instead of the motion lo adjourn.
Sir. STEVENSON. And I have made that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion for a recess
takes precedence of the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. If we take a recess now, when
will this question come up again?
The SPEAKE'l. The House, by a suspen-
sion of the rules, has ordered that to-morrow,
immediately after the reading of the Journal,
the election billroported by thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] shall he taken up and
debated till four o'clock. This question can-
not. come up till that bill has been disposed of.
i\lr. LOGAN. This question may never
come up again if we do not dispose of it now.
Mr. STEVENSON. There are documents
now being printed which ought to be read'by
members before this matter is decided.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. LoGakJ demands the previous ques
lion on the resolutions and pending amend-
ments. Pending the demand for the previous
question the geutlrinnn fiom Ohio [.Mr. Ste- j
vuxsos] moves that the House take a recess, i
Mr. RANDALL. What effect will that have?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Cannot we get
a vote to-night?
The SPEAKER. The House meets as in
Committee ot the Whole to-night on the Pres-
ident s message, for general debate only.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I desire to ask
the Chair whether a motion to take a recess
takes parliamentary precedence of a demand
for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. Of course it does. A
motion to take a recess is of the same nature
as a motion to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
43, noes 83.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to take a recess.
The question next recurred on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
89, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Missouri will yield to some
of us to be heard before the vole is taken.
Several members called for the vote.
Mr. STEVENSON, I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. COS. The gentleman from Missouri
proposes to yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. If we take a recess,
will not this be the iirst business in order in
the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will not be the first
business; but it will be the first business after
the special order made on a suspension of the
rules. ■
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that we take a
recess. I think that justice demands that this
House should see the official documents ordered
to be published in the Globe before it votes
on this question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has the com-
munication of the Secretary of War been
•ordered to be printed ?
The SPEAKER. Only in the Globe.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move thatit be printed
for the use of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Missouri
yields to me for five minutes.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri has not vet risen to close the debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope no vote will be
taken before members have an opportunity to
read the official documents in the Globe. They
have been ordered to be printed in the Globe,
and they have also been ordered to be printed
for the use of the House, and I hope no vote
will be taken until they have been laid on our
desks. 1 move that the House now take a
recess.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
GO, noes 75.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Asper and
Mr. Stevexsox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 80.
So the motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled the following joint
resolution ; when the Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 501) for the
relief of George P. Robinson, eighth regiment
Maine volunteers.
'The SPEAKER stated that the House would
meet this evening as in Committee of the
Whole lor general debate only on the Presi
dent's annual message, Mr. Bkooks, of Mas-
sachusetts, in the chair.
And (hen (at five o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) the House took a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., Mr. Brooks, of Massachusetts,
in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
meets this evening, under previous order, as in
Committee of the Whole on the President's
annual message, for gpneral debate only, no
business whatever to be transacted.
Mr. BUCK asked and obtained leave to have
some remarks printed in the Globe. [See
Appendix.]
agricultural department.
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Speaker, at the last
session of Congress a memorial signed by cit-
izens of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, ask-
ing the abolition of the Agricultural Depart-
ment, was referred to the joint Committee on
Retrenchment, of the House part of which I
have the honor to be chairman. Supposing
the committee will have no opportunity to re-
port upon the memorial at this session, I take
this occasion to make some remarks against
the prayer of the memorialists.
Desirous as I am to retrench the expenses
of the Government in every possible way,
fully recognizing the fact that the heavy bur-
dens of the people demand relief from taxa-
tion wherever it can be accomplished, yet I
believe this Department, in view of the public
good, cannot be dispensed with, and that it
would not be wise economy to abolish if. I
regard it as a very important branch of the
public service, and entitled to the liberal sup-
port of the Government.
Much of the legislation of Congress has been
in the interest of manufactures, finance, and
general commerce. Immense Government ma-
chinery in the different Departments is brought
to bear upon these great interests. Until the
establishment of the Agricultural Department
the farming and producing interests were
almost entirely neglected, or allowed to take
care of themselves as best they could under the
care of the States. Agriculture is a national
interest. The importance of this branch of
industry, the great interests to develop, the
wide field for improvement, demand the fos-
tering care of the.General Government. Our
people are an agricultural people. With the
most productive lands,, fvery variety of soil
and climate, growing the products of almost
every laud, we have the capacity to develop
the greatest agricultural resources of any
country of the globe.
This Department is organized in the interest
of labor. This interest, as well as capital,
must be taken care of by the Government.
There isno need of any conflict in this country
between labor and capital. They are cowork-
ers; the one cannot dispense with the other,
and both must be fostered. Capital is, how-
ever, more atde to take care of itself than labor.
In the old countries of Europe capital is
supreme and labor subordinate. Not so in
this country. Here it is leversed. and labor
is the great foundation of our national pros-
perity and advancement.
The Department of Agriculture has been
established but a short time. It mav be con-
sidered an off shoot of the Patent Office. It
had its beginning there. Prior to 1838 some
attention had been given to agricultural inter-
ests in connection with inventions of labor-
saving and valuable machinery, in thsit year
Mr. Ellsworth, then Commissioner of Patents,
impressed with the importance of the subject,
suggested that Government should recognize
the claims of agriculture, and give a more defi-
nite character and encouragement to the meas-
ures he had commenced, on a limited sea id,
toward collecting statistics, and introducing
a few new seeds and plants, and paiticu'aily
new varieties of wheat. The next year Con-
