1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
into the House this morning I learned that a
resolution had been adopted awarding com-
pensation to Mr. Conner, one of the Repre-
sentatives of Texas, for expenditures in a
contest for one of the districts of that State.
Until I had been in the House some time 1
did not learn the exact facts pertaining to the
action of the House upon the question. It
seems that all the members of the sub-com-
mittee, consisting; of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Barry,] the getitleman from
New York, [Mr. Potter,] and myself, were
all absent from the House at the time that
resolution was acted upon, and it was pre-
sented without the previous knowledge or con-
sent of any member of that sub-committee.
The motion to reconsider the vote adopting the
resolution has been laid on the table so that
it can be no part of my purpose to ask the
House to reverse its action ; but it is due to the
sub committee, and also to the House, so far
as the action in this case may be considered
as establishing a precedent, that I should ac-
curately and fully explain the facts of the case.
It is true that the sub-committee had agreed
that a resolution of this kind should be pre-
sented to the House by one of its members;
but there was no agreement that, any one not
a member of the committee should present
it, anj I, forone, would never have consented
tosuch presentation. I was willing to sub-
mit the question to the House, that it might
be fully considered whether a new principle
should or should not be adopted.
At the last session, after the case of Van
Wyck vs. Greene had been decided, a very
strong case in favor of an extra allowance to
Mr. Greene, the sitting member, was made;
and 1 believe the House would have granted
Mr. Greene extra compensation if I bad not
stated here (the statement being corroborated
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawrs,] wlw was for so many years chairman
of the Committee of Elections) that there was
no precedent for allowing a successful sitting
member additional compensation, except in
the case of Myers vs. Moffet, which was excep-
tional, and was fully explained. When this
application in favor of Mr. Conner was made
to our sub committee I informed the appli-
cant that there was no precedent; but he pre-
sentedto me a large number of precedents in
thelbirty-Sixth Congress, in cases disposed of
before I was a member of the House, and which
had passed from the mind of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] who was
chairman of the committee at that time. I
therefore voted for the resolution in the sub-
committee, for the purpose of bringing the
case before the House ; but I never would have
consented that the House should adopt that
resolution without clearly understanding that
in so doing it would overturn a long series of
authorities in conflict with the precedents estab-
lished by the Thirty-Sixth Congress, in 1801.
J hese were the cases of Samuel G. Dailey,
of Nebraska; William C. Anderson, of Ken-
tucky ; Daniel E. Sickles, of New York ; Wil-
liam G. Harrison, of Maryland; and J. 11.
Barrett, ol Missouri; in all of which cases
there were opposing claimants. In all these
cases extra compensation was allowed. This
had escaped the recollection of the former
chairman of the Committee of Elections. [Mr.
Dawes,] nor was it known before to myself!
But inasmuch as these precedents were brought
before us, I for one was willing that Mr. Con-
ner's case should be presented to the House
I would never have consented that the House,
without fully understanding the case, should
adopt that resolution; and although I was
willing the case should be so presented to the
House, and can find 110 fault with the gentle-
man who presented the resolution, since I
have inquired and ascertained that he acted
m perfect good laith, yet I do here and now
protest against this ill-considered action of
hereaftUSe eVer ')e"lg ^rawa ilit0 a precedent |
Mr. LOGAN. I move to rescind the reso-
lution.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order to move to rescind
the resolution 1
The SPEAKER. It would be in order hut
it would require a suspension of the rules to
entertain the motion,
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Under the cir-
cumstances of the case, I shall feel it to be my
duty to move to rescind the resolution. I think
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conker] ought
to have a fair hearing. It will not take much
time. I ask the House to give twenty minutes
or half an hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to say a word before the motion is put.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I hope that
will be granted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, when I
offered the resolution this morning I did not
know there was any question involved except
the ordinary one of paying the expenses of a
contested election. When I came into the
House Mr. Conner asked me if I would have
the kindness to present the resolution in the
absence of Mr. Barry, stating at the time that
the sub Committee of Elections, composed of
Mr. Paine, Mr. Potter, and Mr. Barry, were
unanimously in favor of the resolution, and
had authorized a report of that character to
be made to the House. Neither of those gen-
tlemen being present at the time to present
the resolution, he asked me to present it. He
stated in addition that the session was near its
close, and if he did not take advantage of this
occasion he might not have another opportun-
ity to have the resolution considered. I con-
sulted the Speaker whether as a matter of
courtesy I could present the resolution, the
members of the sub committee being absent.
He said there would be no discourtesy under
the circumstances to do so. I was not aware
that there was any new principle involved
or any controversy in regard to the matter, or
I should not have presented it. As it now
appears t,o involve a new question, I hope it
will be_ reopened for fair consideration and
determination.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I hope time
will be given for its consideration.
Mr. AMBLER. I move, by unanimous
consent, that the resolution be brought be-
fore the House as if no action had been taken
on it.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I would be
unwilling to move to rescind the resolution
unless the House will give a fair hearing  o the
case. I am unwilling that Mr. Conner should
be prejudiced by the action had this morning.
Mr. Ambler's motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
„ Mr,\ BEATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 206) for the relief of
Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
at West Troy, New York;
An act (H. R. No. 1582) authorizing terms
of United btates district court to be held at
Helena, Arkansas, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 1680) granting a pension
to Susannah Snyder;
An act (H. R. No, 1831) to confirm the title
to the raneho del Rio Grande, in New Mex-
ico, to the heirs and legal representatives of
the original grantees thereof;
An act (H. R. No. 3,"04) granting a pension
to Anthony D. Havely;
An act (H. R. No. 2035) to enable the Jack-
son, Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company
to change the northern terminus of its road
from Traverse bay to the straits of Mackinaw,
and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 141) relating to records of the
courts of the United States;
An act (S. No. 548) for the relief of Bless-
ington Rutledge;
An act (S. No. 851) granting a pension to
Olive Coombs;
An act (S. No. 904) granting a pension to
Elizabeth A. Spurgeon ;
An act (S. No. 923) granting a pension to
Leann Cox;
An act (S. No. 936) granting a pension to
Hiram R. Rliea;
An act (S. No. 974) for the relief of Nancy
S. Ledford;
An act (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to
Julia Tray nor;
An act (S. No. 1061) for the relief of W. B.
Carpenter;
An act (S. No. 1087) granting a pension to
Mary B. Collins;
An act (S. No. 1134) relating to internal
taxes;
An act. (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Roxa-
lana W. Sawyer ;
An act(S. No. 1214) for the relief of Charles
T. Jackson, M. D., of Boston ;
An act (S. No. 1240) granting a pension to
Adam D. Myers;
An act (S. No. 1241) to adjust and fix the
compensation of the assistants employed in the
Library of Congress ;
An act (S. No. 1266) to create a new land
district in the Territory of Washington ;
An act (S. No. 1272) correcting an error in
the passage of an act entitled " An act for the
relief of theofficersand crew of the ship Night-
ingale," approved June 1, 1870 ;
An act (8. No. 1302) for the relief of Alexan-
der J. McMillan, late lieutenant of company P,
ninth regiment Minnesota volunteer infantry ;
An act (S. No. 1309) granting relief to Martha
J. Willey;
An act (S. No. 1371) granting a pension to
Ellis A. Haines;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 420) for the relief
of William P. Thomasson ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting
the Chicago and Illinois Southern Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Wabash river and declaring the same a post
road ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 190) to compen-
sate John L. Miles, late second lieutenant of
the second Indiana battery, for one horse lost
in the service;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 209) authorizing
the President to nominate and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint
Lyman G. Spalding a master in the Navy of
the United States;
Joint resolution (8. R. No. 277) for the relief
of settlers on the public lands ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 286) to close the
accounts of R. E. De Russy, late colonel corps
of engineers; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 313) authorizing
the nomination and appointment to the retired
list of the Navy of certain volunteer officers on
the active list of the Navy who are disabled in
consequence of wounds received during the
late war.
pay of hon. john c. conner.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution in regard to the pay of Hon. John
C. Conner.
The Clerk read as follows :
liesolved. That Hon. John C. Cosser be paid out
or the contingent tund of the House of Represent-
atives $2,000, in full of all expenses m defending his
right to a seat in the present Congress.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before
the House, to be determined by a majority vote.
,lhe gentleman from Wisconsiu [Mr. Paine]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I send to the
Clerk s desk, to be read, the resolution adopted
uary 19, 1801, which introduced a new
precedent, so far as the payment of expenses
of contestees is concerned.
The Clerk read as folio
Resolved, That such expenses as the Committee on
