1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
Accounts of the House shall find to have been actu-
ally and necessarily incurred in the prosecution or
defense of the several election eases from the States
of Michigan, Kentucky, Missouri, New York, Mary-
land, and the Territory of'Nebraska during the pres-
ent Congress shall be allowed and paid out of the
miscellaneous item of appropriation for contingent
expenditures of the House.
Mr. PAIN'S, of "Wisconsin. I now send to
the Clark's desk, to be read, astatement of the
amount that we paid to the several contest-
ants for seats under that resolution. The
statement has been prepared for me by the
Clerk of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Samuel (T. Bailey, (successful,) Nebraska, con-
tei-tnnf, $2 .'SO—by resolution February 19,1861.
W jUinin <J. Anderson, Kentucky, sitting member,
$12,030 GO—Wy resolution February 19, 1861.
t) imn! E. Sickles. New York, sitting member,
$1,929 o'J—by resolution February 19,1861.
A J. ^Villiatnson. (failed,) New York, contestant,
$1,800 Go—bv resolution February 19, 1861.
William G. Harrison, (failed,) Maryland, contest-
ant, If 1,009 10—by resolution February 1(J, 1861.
J. R. Bnrretl, (ousted.) Missouri, sitting member,
S8S6 23—by resolution February 19,1861.
1'. 1>. IJhiii\ jr., (successful,) Missouri, contestant,
$l.r>S-l 87—by resolution February 19,1861.
W. A. Howard, (successful,) Michigan, contest-
ant, $721 81—by resolution February 19, 1861.
A. J. Williamson, (above,) New York, contestant,
$1,000—by resolution March 1,1861.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker,
all of the money paid under that resolution
to those claimants was in addition to any
amount which they had received as compen-
sation. I will add but a single remark. It is
this : that if this principle ia to be adopted by
the House the case of Mr. Conner is a very
strong one. The amount of labor involved in
his contest and the amount of expense in-
curred were very great, and the expenses were
necessarily incurred. And if in any case I
should be willing, looking at the labor and the
expense involved, to make additional compen-
sation, it would be in this ease. I now yield
to my colleague of the sub-committee, the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, the chairman
of the sub-Committee of Elections is entirely
right when he says that the committee had con-
sidered favorably the claim of Mr. Conner to
extra compensation. For myself I say, and I
may say the same for the other gentlemen of
the committee, that we believed that uuderall
the circumstances of the case it would be just
on the part of the House to give Mr. Conner
this §2,000 as extraordinary compensation for
the labor and expense of defending his seat. I
desire further also to say that in common with
the chairman of the sub-committee I was not
aware that any such action as took place this
morning was to take place, and knew nothing
whatever of it until I learned what had occurred
■when I came here somewhat late in the day.
In saying this, I take no exception to the action
of my distinguished friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] who I am sure on this occasion, as
on previous occasions, was actuated only by
feelings of kindness and generosity. The more
so on this occasion, I doubt not, because when
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner] came
in here the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Inmrsoll] took an active part in the opposi-
tion which was made to his obtaining his seat.
Nothing, therefore, that occurred this morn-
ing ought to prejudice the consideration of this
case upon its merits. And its merits, as it
seems to me, are these; it is entirely true that
the general precedents of late years have been
not to allow compensation in any case to a sit-
ting member. But there were earlier and other
precedents. And the committee felt that they
were not precluded by the action of the House,
but were at liberty to bring the question before
the House for its consideration, intending at
the same time that the House should fully un-
derstand the case, and that a precedent should
not be established without the House being
fully aware of all its merits.
The merits and peculiarities of the case of
the gentleman from Texas are these. They do
not, as it seems to me, require to be argued,
but only to be stated. They are; first, the gen-
tleman from Texas was not elected to take his
seat at the beginning of the congressional term
for which the rest of us were elected, but that
he came here some very considerable time after
the term began, and drew pay only for a frac-
tion of the session; second, no notice of con-
test was served upon him until after he had
arrived from Texas at Washington, nor had he,
if I recollect rightly, any good reason to believe
till he arrived here that his seat would be con-
tested ; he was therefore obliged to conduct the
contest on his part by agents, at a very great
distance from here, and whom he had to pay
for that service; third, because as the commit-
tee found, the contestant had no sufficient
grounds to make the claim that he did make.
He took, as I recollect, little if any testimony.
It was very doubtful whether under any cir-
cumstances he was entitled to a seat, and
the House finally decided without passing
on Mr. Conner's claim that he had no right
and should not have a seat; and finally, from
Mr. Conner's distance from his home, and
from the peculiarly sparse character of the
settlements in Texas, and the very great ex-
tent of territory over which he was obliged to
collect testimony, he was subjected to unusual
expenses in making that defense which he did
make and procuring the testimony which he
brought here. Those expenses, as he stated
to the sub-committee, amounted to something
like, I think, five thousand dollars, and the sub-
committee therefore were all agreed, in view
of these extraordinary facts, to present to the
House this resolution for extraordinary com-
pensation which they determined to fix at the
sum of $2,000, and which they trust the House
will adopt. The precedent established in the
Greene case was, as I think, a very hard one.
The House, on principle, in such cases as this,
ought to make some compensation as well to
the sitting member as to the contestant.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
furtherinsisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2524)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, asked
a further conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and
Mr. Thdrman the committee on the part of
the Senate.
PAY OF IIO.N. J. C. CONNER.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I now yield
two minutes to my colleague on the sub- com-
mittee from Mississippi, [Mr. Barry.]
Mr. BARRY. I presume two minutes will
be all that I need to state one or two points in
addition to what has been already said as to
why the committee arrived at this conclusion.
Mr. Conner was not served with notice of con-
test within the time specified by law, and not
until after he had arrived in Washington. He
was, therefore, compelled to take his testimony
through agents, thus incurring an expense that
he would have avoided had he been upon the
ground. We also find that in this contest Mr.
Grafton only took the depositions of six wit-
nesses, while Mr. Conner took the depositions
of some seventy-nine witnesses. Notwithstand-
ing the report of the committee, that they con-
sidered Mr. Grafton liad no sufficient cause of
contest, the House voted him $1,500 for taking
the depositions of those six witnesses ; and if
it was right and proper to vote Mr. Grafton
$1,500 for taking six depositions, I conceive
it was right and proper to vote Mr. Conner
$2,000 for taking the depositions of seventy-
nine witnesses.
Mr. VAN WY'CK. I would ask the gentle-
man what amount, upon the same basis, he
proposes to allow to a sitting member who suc-
ceeded in retaining his seat who examined'two
hundred witnesses in a contest?
Mr. BARRY. I would propose to do him
justice, as I propose to do Mr. Conner justice
in this case, nothing more and nothing less.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I ask the gentle-
man if he and the committee propose to give
every sitting member whose seat is contested,
and who succeeded in retaining his seat, the
expenses of his contest?
Mr. BARRY. I cannot be interrupted in
two minutes. As I stated a moment ago, Mr.
Conner was forced to take these depositions,
in his absence, through agents. He was put
to that expense under the law that governs
such cases, and whenever a member is put to
such extraordinary expense I conceive it to
be the duty of this House to reimburse him,
whether he retain his seat or not. A prece-
dent for the action proposed by the committee
has been read to the House, and if it was right
in those cases, I conceive it to be right in Mr.
Conner's case.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. It appears by the record
that in the last days of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress I offered the resolution which has been
read at the Clerk's desk, and which has led
the House into the adoption of the resolution
to-day. It had entirely escaped my memory;
so thoroughly, that when the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Conner] inquired of me as to
the precedents in favor of his claim, I told
him that there was no such precedent. I am
a little troubled to recall the circumstances
under which that resolution was adopted. It
is true that there is no other such precedent,
so far as I remember, in the history of con-
tested elections.
One of these cases was a peculiar one, and
we had to make a law to control the manage-
ment of it from beginning to end. It was a
case in which the Governor of New York bad
refused to give the certificate to anybody, and
neither party could bring himself within the
provisions of the statute ; neither party could
compel the attendance of witnesses; neither
party had any power to prosecute the contest.
The House was troubled very much what to
do with that ease—the case of Sickles against
Williamson. It involved a great deal of ex-
pense in the taking of testimony before a com-
missioner in the city of New York. The other
cases were ordinary cases, except that two
or three of them were attended with great
expense. The Kentucky case embraced testi-
mony in two volumes, amounting to seventeen
hundred printed pages. The Missouri case
contained a thousand printed pages of testi-
mony.
Under these circumstances, it seems that I
offered a resolution under which parties were
entitled to be reimbursed for the money which
they had paid out for the taking of their
evidence, and for tlieir actual expenditures.
Whether this resolution of to-day gives fur-
ther than that I am unable to say; but my own
opinion about compensating contestants has
undergone much change, and as the House has
had occasion heretofore to know, the practice
involves a great deal of expense. The evil has
so grown upon the country that it is necessary
to apply some remedy. I am sorry that in 1801
I was so short sighted as to have presented any
resolution which would cover the case of
to-day.
I have already called the attention of this
House to the fact that at the time I mentioned
the subject we had paid out $104,000, and
since then we have paid about ten thousand
dollars more, to persons who are not entitled
at all to seats here, and who the House has
declared are entitled to no compensation. This
goes further than that, and proposesto pay to
a sitting member, in addition to his salary,
such expenses as he has incuired in defending
his right to his seat.
With the kindest feelings toward the gentle-
man from Texas, [Mr. Connek,] who I have
