124.2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14s
the l'beral land grants of Congress, are being
established in different States, under State
control. This Department as a common head
can Mid will furnish great assistance in the
farm education proposed in these colleges.
Lire the Bureau of Education, but recently
established to concentrate statistics and lead
and give information and direction to educa-
tional interests in the States, this Department
will be able to give the same, and perhaps
mti/h greater, facilities in the direction of
agricultural education among the people.
Jntimately connected with this subject is the
land policy of the Government, about which
I desire to make a few additional remarks.
In the early days of the Republic our public
lands were regarded as a source of revenue.
It was expected from their sale to pay a large
proportion of the expenses of the Govern-
ment; but in later days it was found that, with
expense of survey and sale, these expecta-
tions were not realized, and a new policy was
adopted, and large quantities of the public
domain have been used in constructing rail
roads, endowing colleges, rewarding military
services, and stimulating immigration by giv-
ing homesteads to all persons who will live on
and improve them.
Jn this way this heritage of the people lias
largely contrihuted to the material develop-
ment. of our country. These grants have not
always been wisely made, and in many respects
have no doubt been great outrages upon the
l ights of the people. The future policy of the
Government should be to so provide by legis-
lation that our public lands should be pre-
served for actual settlers, and thereby furnish
free homes to the landless. Concentration of
large quantities in the hands of monopolists
ar.d speculators is the great curse of most of
the westers- States, and has and does impede
agticultural improvement and development.
Of our p.iblic.lands about seventy-eiglu mil-
lion acres have been granted for schools and
! colleges, ov r ten millions of which have been
given to agricultural colleges Two hundred
million acres have been appropriated and given
to build railroads and oilier improvements.
About seventy-three million acres have been
given to our soldiers, their widows and chil-
dren. The Government still own about a thou-
sand million acres. This vast domain as fast
as it is surveyed is open to settlement under
our homestead laws, which give every mail'or
unmarried woman one hundred and sixty acres
for the cost of survey and entry, upon living
upon and improving the same for the time lim-
ited, which is live years, except a soldier, who,
under the bill passed by the House, is allowed
to count three years of his term of service in the
Army, or whatever term under that period he
has served, as part of the five years' residence.
Jn the year 1800 about, two and a half mil-
lion acres were given to homestpail and pre-
emption settlers. In the same year about eight
million acres were converted from wild lands
into farms, making some sixty thousand farms.
We now have over six million real estate own-
ers, btmg one in about every six of our popula-
tion, and nearly one half of our whole popula-
tion are engaged in .the pursuit of agriculture.
The whole landed property of England is
now owned by thirty thousand persons, making
one in every six hundred and fifty of its popu-
lation. One half of its soil is now owned by
about one hundred and fifty persons. Nine-
teen and a half million acres in Scotland are
owned by twelve proprietors. In this country
this extensive ownership of the soil, the sense
of proprietorship resulting therefrom, encour
agingindependence of action and thought, con-
stitute the corner t-tone of our Republic. The
multiplication of these free homes for the peo-
ple, instilling into their minds the spirit of
agricultural and mechanical progress, and
education, and moral development, and im
provement, will secure freedom, equality, and
prosperity among our people, and perpetuity
to our Government,
In this grand work, with such support as
should be and no doubt will be given to it,
the Agricultural Department, in the future as
in the past, will be an efficient- and import-
ant aid to the other branches of the Govern-
ment. The memorial to which I have alluded
alleges that over three million dollars have
already been- expended upon the Department
without any corresponding benefits. Having
staled its great benefits in the past, and what
it is expected to accomplish in the future, I
append to these remarks a statement showing
the several appropriations for each year from
1839, the first one made, to and including 1870;
1839, (first appropriation for the promotion of agri-
culture, from Patent Office fund)  $1,000
1842, (from Patent Office land)....;  1.000
1843, (from Patent Office fund)  2,000
1844, (from Patent Office fund)  2.000
1845, (from Patent Office fund)  3,000
1846, (from Patent Office fund) 
18)7, (from Patent Office iund>  3,000
1848, (from Patent Office fund)  3.5J0
1819, (froui Patent Office fund)  3.500
1850, (from Patent Otlieefund)  4.5.;0
1851, (from Pate-nt Otfice fund)  5.500
185-!, (from Patent Office fund)    5,000
1853, (from Patent Office fund)  5,000
Total from Patent Office fund, (reim-
bursed in 1855)   39,000
185 4  35,000
185 5  a.OUO
185(3  105,000
185 7 .'.  00,000
185 8  6J.OOO
185 9  40,000
186 0 r.  60,000
186 1  60,000
1862  60,000
1863. (including $20,000 to test the prat ti-
eabihty of cultivating and preparing
flax and hemp as a substitute for cotton, .135,000
186 4  151,370
186 5  155,300
I860  149,100
18o7  179,020
1867, (transterred trom the Bureau of
Freedmen, Refugees, and Abandoned
Land.-1, for seeds for southern States).... 50.000
1868  120,068
1868. (to pay claims against the Depart-
ment contracted prior to June 1,1867)... 40.000
1859  141.440
1870 :  145 370
Total $1,810X68
For permanent improvement*, incladina the erection of
the new building, Jiimisltina, Jiainfiin(j,
1837, (for the erection of thonew Department built-
in g) >100,000
1868, (for heating, water, and ^as apparaius.
furniture,eases fur museum, libraiy, appa-
ratus lor laboratory, &e.)  52.525
1870, (lor now conservatoiy)   25.0j0
I'or improvement of agricultural grounds  1J.70J
Total $191,225
Mr. COBURN asked and obtained leave to
have some remarks printed in the Globe. [See
Appendix.]
INC031B. TAX.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the vote of
the 9th instant on the motion to take up and
consider the bill to abolish the tax on incomes
indicates, I fear, a disposition on the part of
many members to succumb to the persistent
clamor of a few selfish men, regardless of the
welfare and wishes of the great body of the
people. It discloses the fact that a determ-
ined and immediate effort will be made to
legislate still further in the interest of capital
and the capitalist, and against productive in-
dustry and the laboring masses of the country,
by shifting, or endeavoring to shilt. the burden
of taxation from those who are well able to
bear it to the shoulders of those who are least
able to do so.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that the income tax
is new to us, that it was born of the war; but
I undertake to say it is reasonable and just,
founded upon a principle recognized as cor-
rect by all political economists. We have, I
venture to say, no law on our statute-books for
the collection of revenue so fair, so equita-
ble, and in all respects so unobjectionable as
ihe one we are now asked to repeal. The
Secretary of the Treasury advises against the
abolition of this tax ; the people do not ask
it; the demand conies from the bankers, the
owners of great railroads, the Vanderbilts,
Stewarts, and Astors of the country, who count
their gains by millions.
The splendid abilities of these men challenge
our admiration, and the contemplation of their
wonderful success may very properly afford us
pleasure, but they are not therefore entitled to
any exemption from taxation at the expense
of the less fortunate citizen; nor should their
petitions receive any more attention from us
than those of the same number of our hum-
blest people.
It is estimated that the receipts of the Gov-
ernment, under the external and internal rev-
enue laws, for the year ending June 30, 1872,
will be over three hundred millions. Who
will pay this vast sum? Two hundred and
eighty seven millions will be paid by the con-
sumers. Who are these consumers? Thirty-
eight and a half million people, including the
infant and the centenarian, the humble laborer
and Ihe millionaire, the man whose income
scarcely suffices for his family and the man
whose annual revenue amounts to millions,
and whose property stretches across a dozen
States.
By what rule, either human or divine, or by
what maxim of political economy are you au-
thorized to say that the man who owns but his
humble cottage shall pay as much toward the
support of the Government as the man whose
income is sufficient for a hundred families?
There may be precedent, but 1 venture to say
there is no established principle to justify such
a proposition. The bare statement of it sug-
gests its utter unreasonableness.
Adam Smith tells us that—
" The subjects of every State ought to contribute
toward the support of the Government, as nearly as
possible in proportion to their respective abilities:
that is. in proportion to the revenue which they
respectively enjoy under the protection of the
State."
It may be said that the wealthy do pay more
than the poor ; that they purchase more arti-
cles of luxury on which Ui3 higher duties are
levied. This I admit is the theory upon which
our revenue laws are constructed ; this is the
argument we use in attempting to justify them
before the people; but this I apprehend is not
practically true. Coffee, tea, sugar, salt, iron,
coal, whisky, tobacco, beer, and ale, from
which the greater portion of our revenue is
derived, are used as generally and as largely
by the poor as the rich. You may answer
that tlie poor are not compelled to con-
sume whisky, tobacco, 4teer. and ale. 1 leply
neither are the rich compelled to use them,
nor to bay dutiable articles of luxury. Yoii
say it is, however, a fact that the rich do buy
them. I reply, it is also true that the poor
consume them to an equal extent; that the
amount of tax paid by the rich man «n his wine
and brandy is fully equaled by the lax the poor
man pays on his beer and whisky. Neither*i3
compelled.to pay this tax, but it is neverthe-
less unfortunately true that both do pay it;
and so long as this fact remains patent to
every one who will take the trouble lo consult
the official reports } ou cannot, tin ow the whole
burden of taxation on the consumer without
utteily disregarding that just, principle which,
in the language of Dr. Wayland, requires
that—
"Individuals should pay in proportion to their
property; rh.it is, in proportion to tho amount of
protection which they receive from tbe truvern-
went."
This principle governs in the everyday busi-
ness of Wie world, am) no man has i he effront-
ery to question its fairness when he seeks to
obtain ot private parlies protection or insur-
ance from loss by fire, shipwreck, accident, or
death. He then pays in proportion to fho
amount of protection or insurance which lie
obtains. Every man who now clamors for
the repeal of this law has in p ivats life prac-
tically recognized and acknowledged lime and
jigain the justice of the principle on winch
it is based. And this outcry which has he^ti
raised against the income tax by the great
