1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
124S
newspapers of the country, by the bankers
and huge corporations, is prompted simply by
a niggardly spirit of selfishness, which seeks
to put. upon other and weaker shoulders its
own proper and legitimate burden.
Gentlemen call attention to the fact that cer-
tain States are required to pay a much larger
income tax than others having more popula-
tion and greater wealth, and from this infer
that this tax bears unequally and heavily upon
the- people of these smaller States, but 1 in-
cline to the opinion that a closer examination
of the figures submitted would, in every in-
stance, show that the men who pay tax 011
income, in whatever section of the country
they may be. are abundantly able to do so,
and that no injustice is done in this regard to
any State or citizen.
We are told, for instance, that California
paid in 1870 an income tax of $1,181,085 81,
while iowa, with a larger population and
greater wealth, paid only $274,321 07. This
statement would on its face seem to indicate
that the people of California bore more than
their fair ana just proportion of the burden of
national taxation, and that the people of Iowa
were particularly favored by being required to
bear less than their share; but this, 1 appre-
hend, is very far from the truth.
Iowa is emphatically an ngiicnltnral State,
lis population consists mainly of small farm-
ers. it has 110 mines, no great banks, no
large cities, nogieat merchants, and but few
wealthy men; while California, 011 the other
band, has within its borders large and pros-
perous cities, importers, wholesale merchants,
extensive shin-owners, great banks, fortunate
operators in real estate, owners of rich mines,
and immense tracts of valuable lands. In
short, the figures submitted prove simply that
California has more men of great wealth and
large income than Iowa—at fact which may
also be established by other evidence.
Turning to pages 184 and 185-of the report
of the Commissioner of internal Revenue, I
find that the tax 011 banks and bankers in
California for 1870 amounted to $217,293 22,
while the tax on hanks and bankers in Iowa
was only $30,212 32. On pages 47 and 48,
Bams report, I find that the tax on bank
deposits in California was $172,928 22; Iowa,
$13,707 91.
This statement, as well as that first presented,
proves s'inply that, California has more men
of great wealth and Urge income than the
State of lour., and'not that, the income tax
bears unjustly on ihe people of that Slate.
Gentlemen might with equal force insist
upon the abolition of the bank tax because
the reports show that California pays six times
more than Iowa. They might also with equal
proptiety claim that Alexander T. Slewait
and Cornelius Vaudetbilt should be relieved
from the tax 011 incomes because there is or
may he a county in the West having a popula-
tion of twenty thousand people whose aggre-
gated wealth is greater than that of Stewart
and Vanderbilt where 110 tax is obtained from
incomes.
It, may be asked, should one man worth
$20,000,000 pay more tax to the General Gov-
eminent ihan five thousand men whose aggre-
gated wealth amounts to an equal or gieater
sum? Certainly not,. Our revenue laws as they
stand to day do not, require him to do so. The
one mail representing ij>20.0u0,000 pays oil his
income; the five thousand men represen'ing
$20,000,000 of property make their contribu-
tions in another way. While the former buys
one pound of tea, and thus pays to the Gov-
ernment. a tax of fifteen cents, the latter con-
sume five thousand pounds, 011 which the total
tax is $750. In short, the five thousand men
representing $20.0QO,000 consume five thou-
sand times moie dutiable articles than the one
man representing a like amount. . Congress,
therefore, very properly says to the man repre-
senting twenty millions, ''Individuals should,
iu so far as possible, pay in proportion to their
property "—that is, in proportion to the pro-
tection which they receive from the Govern-
ment—"and as the amount you pay on the
dutiable articles which yon consume is so
small as to bear no sort of proportion to your
ability, or to the 'revenue you enjoy under the
protection of the State,T common honesty
and fair-dealing require that your income shall
be taxed."
I know, Mr. Speaker, that men whose opin-
ions are entitled to great respect have urged
what they deemed serious objections to laws
like the one under consideration, claiming that
taxes 011 income, tbongh theoretically just,
equal, and fair, are, in practical operation,
unequal, vpxatious, inquisitorial, and demor-
alizing. For instance, McCulloch, in treating
of taxes on property and income, says:
""VTe look upon any system of taxation as radi-
cally vicious that seta tlio intere-'fc and tho duty of
individuals at variance, that tempts them to bal-
ance between loss of property aud the commission
of perjury."
But I fear if the General Government or the
States were to collect no revenue until they
could devise a system of taxation which would
not "tempt men to balance between loss
of properly and the commission of perjury"
there would be no need of either revenue
officers or vaults to hold public money.
Duties on imported commodities, we are
told by the same writer, tempt men to engage
in smuggling, and often lead them to become
the "hardiest and most determined violators
of the laws." They tempt producers and deal
ers to offer bribes, and revenue officers to
violate their oaths, and render necessary the
employment of spies, informers, and coast-
guards. Taxes on properly are still more
objectionable. McCulloch says:
'"This, however, is the inevitable effect of taxes on
capital or property. The moment, they are estab-
lished every one attempts to elude their pressure by
concealing a portion of his property or employing it
in some underhand manner."
The demoralizing tendency of excise duties,
that is to say, of such taxes as we place 011
whisky and tobacco, is well -understood by
every one familiar with the frauds, robberies,
and corruptions which" marked the adminis-
tration of President Johnson. The laws were
then openly violated, and whisky and tobacco
rings bought np revenue officers by thousands.
Since then, indeed, even under the vigilant
eye  f the present Executive, these taxes have
occasioned miniature rebellious ill various sec-
tions of the coTmtry. So that tariff laws, inter
nal revenue laws, laws imposing taxes 011 per
sotial property, are all equally unequal, inquis-
itorial, and demoralizing; ami, in fact, prop
erty itself is liable to condemnation because it
tempts the thief to balance between the lack
of it and the commission of theft.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is in my judgment poor
policy for the Government to abstain from
doing what is right on the ground that it may
tempt men to do what is wrong. And when
Mr. McCulloch and other writers on poiit-
nal economy adm'f that taxes on i'nc >me are
theoietically just, equal, and the fairest ot
all taxes, they must produce other arguments
and testimony than what appears in their
esskys to satisfy my mind that they were no1,
influenced by the possession of an income or
the expectation of a fee when they endeav-
ored to show that these taxes " are, in prac-
tical operation, most unequal and vexatious,"
or more unequal, vexatious, and demoralizing
than the other taxes referred to.
This question has been long and thoroughly
canvassed in England, and ihe result has been
that the income tax has become a permanent
feature in the revenue system of that country.
The more it was discussed and the better it
was understood the more iteoinmeiided itself
to the.good sense aud common honesty of the
English people. We may confidently look for
the same result here. The objections, that the
tax necessitates a system of espionage, obnox-
ious to the citizen, and that it tempts men to
violate their oaths, will excite simply the con-
tempt of the great mass of our people, who
are required annually to prepare and return
under oath a complete inventory of their per-
sonal property for purposes of State and local
taxation. They will at a glance tee that, if
the objections alluded to were insuperable, all
the personal property of the country would be
exempt from taxation, and the States would
be compelled to raise all their revenue from real
estate. No sane man could for a moment as-
sent to such a proposition, aud certainly none*
but an insane man would urge against the
law under consideration objections not only
equally applicable to revenue laws which it is
proposed to leave undisturbed, but to the tax
laws of every State in the Union.
Under the revenue laws as they now stand
the men of small means, the laboring men, the
consumers, or, iuthelanguageof Mr. Boulwell,
" the producing, consuming, and business in-
terests of the country," bear by far too large
a proportion of the burden of taxation.
I am, therefore, Mr. Speaker, not only
opposed to the repeal of the income tax. but I
go further, and favor reducing the amount to
be exempted Irom its operations to $1,500. I
know of no tax more just, equal, and leason-
able than this. It bears lightly upon those who
pay it. Its amount is not determined bv the
imperative need ofthecitizen for food, raniienr,
or fire, but by the measure of his worldly
prosperity. If Congress desires to do an act
of justice, an act of humanity, an act which
will rejieve to some extent the troubled hearts
of millions, and make the faces of the poor
turn to us with thanks; if it-would rui e up
friends in the cottages and humble cabins all
over the land, let it abolish the lax on coal and
salt, let it further reduce the tax on lea, coffee,
and sugar. These are the taxes which should
be cut off or cut down, if the revenue can liy
possibility be spared. It is in this diieciioti
we should turn our thoughts; while it would be
well lor us to direct the attention of gentle-
men who so persistently demand theabolitioif*
of the income tax to that passage of divine
Jaw which declares—
"Unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall
bo much required; and to whom men htivo com-
mitted much, of him they will ask the inure."
national education.
Mr. LAWRliNCB. Mr. Speaker, on this
occasion, honored by the presence of those who
have asbtmbled in this Ilall and who timing
these gaheries, I propose briefly to diM-uss a
measure of great ltrpoilance, the bill (li. It.
N11. 182tj) u> establish a sjstein of national
education, or, as it might be called, to estab-
lish a national s\ stem of education. Btfut e I
proceed to the discussion of this bill I desire
to say a few words in reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McNeei.y.J
By article lour, section four, of the Consti-
tution, it is declared that—
*'Tbe United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
I11 some remarks which 1 made a few days
ago 1 maintained that under this section Coti-
gri ss could, as an indispensable means of pre-
set ving a republican lortn of government, pro-
v.de for com in 011 schools in any Slate which
refused to perform that duiy. in reply to this
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McNeei.y]
said, if I understood him correctly, that a State
government may be republican 111 form with-
out common schools, because the States which
adopted the Constitution did not all at the lime
ot its adoption have common schools, aud yet
lliey were, within the meaning of the Consti-
tution, republican inform. But the gentleman
does not seem to me to meet the argument I
made. He and I might not differ as to what
is a republican form of government. I did
not mean to say a Slate which failed to make
provision for education could not have tempo-
ral ily a republican form of government. Ti.at
is not a question at issue.
But the question in controversy is, how can
a republican form of govrtfnment be preserved,
