418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
oldest and most honored members of this body,
it w&uld be better, at least pro forma, to let the
matter go to a committee, and let the commit-
tee sabmit the facts in a report properly pre-
pared, to go upon the public records of the
House, and leave it to stand as the judgment
of this House, upon the facts that will thus be
developed. It is a matter, however, that I
feel great delicacy in making even this sugges-
tion upon.
Mr. DICKEY. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That it would be unworthy of the dignity
of the House and unjust to the character of the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Brooks, to found an
investigation on charges made by one of such char-
acter as his accuser.
If that meets the views of gentlemen, I hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following as a
substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey:]
Besolved. That there is nothingin thechargesmadc
by Hugh J. Hastings in the New York Commercial
Advertiser against Hon. James Brooks, of this House,
nor in the character of the accuser, which calls for an
investigation by Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] that
he modify his resolution by striking out the
words "his accuser" and inserting "the
writer of the article which has been read."
Mr. PLATT. It seems to me that the adop-
tion of a resolution of this kind by the House
now would be arraigning Mr. Hastings before
the country and passing a resolution which
could only work great harm to him, without
allowing him to be heard in his defense. I am
unwilling, as one member of this House, to
bring a man before the bar of the House and
trv him and sentence him, and send that sen-
tence to the country on a charge made twenty-
seven years ago, and on ex parte testimony at
that. The gentleman from New York himself
has asked for a committee of investigation, evi-
dently after deliberation. I think it is due to
liim that we should grant his request and give
hhn the committee of investigation that he
asks for.
Mr. DICKEY. I know nothing about the
accuser of Mr. Brooks except from his own
sworn affidavit. That is all I know about him,
and that is all I ever desire to know about him.
[Laughter.] If that is not his affidavit, then
I will move to rescind the resolution; but if it
is his affidavit that is all I ever desire to know
about him or any man of houor could desire
to know about him.
Mr. BAN KS. I beg leave to say one word.
I do not like the resolution which has been
read, inasmuch as it puts the refusal of invest-
igation 011 the ground of the source from which
the accusation comes. I do not think that, is
the right course. As was stated by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] the
charges made against him are vague and gen-
eral. There is nothing in them that requires
the attention of the House in any way what-
ever. Without undertaking to adjudge the
case as against the man who is the accuser, we
ail of us know enough of the honorable mem-
ber who is interested to say that he is not
guilty of these charges, and in regard to the
charges, and the vague and general manner in
which they are presented, that there is nothing
in them which calls for the attention of this
House, or which is worthy of an investigation.
1 iiope a simple resolution will be adopted set-
ting forth the fact that upon this statement,
made as strongly, I think, as it can be made
against the gentleman from New York, the
r;iis>r;rr <s do not call for the consideration of
this House: that they do not justify the be-
stowal of the attention of the House upon
them ; that they are unworthy of anything like
a formal or solemn investigation. I have pre-
pared a resolution embodying this view, which
I send up and ask *o have rea4.
The Clerk read as follows:
Besolved, That there is nothing in the case pre-
sented by the honorable gentleman from iNow York
[Mr. BbooksI which cal.'s for. or is worthy of, atten-
tion or investigation by this House.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to accept that
in lieu of my resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say one word
upon this subject. I agree with most of the
remarks made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, TMr. Banks.] But it seems to me
there is something besides mere vagueness in
these charges. ■ If they were true no gentle-
man in this House would like to stand under
them with all their vagueness and indefinite-
ness. Now, I insist that it is due to this House,
if the two'facts are put side by side—the charges
made against the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and the admissions
made by his accuser in the paper, which has
been read—that we should put the seal of our
condemnation upon such an individual and
upon such a charge.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] is charged with corruption, he is
charged with dishonesty as a member of this
House. If he is guilty of the charges there
made against him, then he is unworthy longer
to be a member of this House. I insist upon
it that we should put upon those charges the
seal of our condemnation.
I prefer the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] just as it was first
offered. 1 think we have enough of evidence
before us to satisfy every gentleman that the
source of these charges is unworthy of a jour-
halist of this country.
Mr. DICKEY. I think it due to the gen-
tleman from NewYork [Mr. Brooks] tnat'we
should do one of two things: either give him
a committee to thoroughly investigate these
charges, or put the seal of our condemnation
upon what he alleges and I believe to be a
libel upon his character. We ought to do the
one thing or the other.
The gentleman has brought this case to the
attention of the House; he has brought be-
fore this House the character of his libeler.
It is the duty of this House to vindicate the
gentleman from New York by expressing their
decided opinion upon this charge and the man
who made it or to give to a committee the
entire investigation of it—one thing or the
other. I think nothing short of that would
satisfy the gentleman from New York; I
think he is entitled to nothing less than that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think wo have had
about enough debate-upon this topic.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me say one word,
which I am authorized and directed by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] to
say. That is, that he would prefer, if it be
the sense of this House, that this matter be
investigated in the manner he has suggested.
I never before, that I am aware of, heard of
his accuser. But if this investigation be not
had as requested the reply of this accuser
will be that he has been prejudged without a
hearing upon the ex parte statement of the
gentleman from New York. It seems to me,
and it has so seemed from the beginning, that
the course I have suggested is the proper
course to be taken, and! trust it will be taken
by this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think, with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,]
that it is due to the gentleman fromNewYork
[Mr- Brooks] that we should do one of two
things: either give him the investigation he has
asked, or put the seal of our condemnation
upon the author of the article to which he has
called the attention of this House. The gen-
tleman from New York has presented also an
affidavit made by the author of that article,
which, I understand from him, has been made
a matter of judicial record. That affidavit,
upon the word of a member of this House, is
a sufficient answer to that article. ''
Now, in reference to this matter I am willing
to act as may best please the gentleman from
NewYork, saying, attiiesame time, that in my
opinion it hardly comports with the dignity of
this House to notice any charges or innuendoes
made by such a man as his accuser seems to
be. I ask what is the condition of the ques-
tion now before the House 1 I understand that
the resolution of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] has been modified.
The SPEAKER. There has been no modi-
fication of that resolution. Thegentleman from
Pennsylvania offered a resolution, for which
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer]
moved a substitute.
Mr. SAWYER. I withdraw the substitute.
The SPEAKER. Then the first question will
be upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Basks] to the
resolution of thegentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey.]
Mr. BENNETT. I happen to know the
accuser in this case, a man of infamous char-
acter, and I hope his accusations will receive
no consideration whatever from this House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the pending
resolution and amendment, together with all
the papers in this case, be referred to a select
committee of five members of this House, with
the general power to send for persons and
: papers.
j Mr. WOOD. And with power to report at
j any time.
j Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly. And upon
j my motion I call the previous question.
I The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
I tion thereof the motion of Mr. Mats'ard was
: agreed to.
| Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
! vote by which the motion was agreed to ; and
i also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title, when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2026) for the relief of
Harvey D. Scott, of Indiana.
ELECTION CONTEST SHEAFE VS. TILLMAN.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the sub committee of the Commit-
tee of Elections to present a report on the con-
tested-election case of Sheafe vs. Tillman, from
the fourth congressional district of Tennes-
see. I give notice that I shall call up this ques-
tion for the action of the House at an early
day. I ask that the resolutions reported by
the majority of the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Renolved, That C. A, Sheafe was not duly elected
and is not entitled to a seat in this House asaRppre-
sentntivein the Forty-First Congress from the fourth
congressional district in the State of Tennessee.
Resolved, That Lewis Tillman was duly elected as
Representative in the Forty-First, Congress from tllo
fourth congressional district in the State of Tennes-
see. andis entitled to retain his seat as such.
Resolved, That C. A. Sheafe. having contested the
seatofHon.LewisTillmanasa Representative in this
House from the fourth congressional di trictofthe
State of Tennessee in good faith and with piobnble
cause, there shall be paid to him, out of the cuntin-
gentlund of the House of Representatives, the sum
of—, dollars in full, for his expenses in sucli con-
test.
The report of the committee was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOX. I send to the Clerk's desk res-
olutions which I offer as a substitute for the
resolutions reported by the majority of the
committee.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
_ Reiohetl, That C. A. Sheafe was duly elected nnd
is entitled to a seat in the Forty -First Congress as the
i*epresentativoof the fourth congressional district of
the State ot Tennessee,
