1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1857
Belger to the rank of major and quartermaster
in the Army to date from November 30, 1863 ;
and th« said James Belger is thereby declared
entitled to, upon such restoration, all the
rights, privileges, and emoluments pertain-
ing to said rank, as though continuously in
service, deducting from all pay due hito the
amount he has received while employed in
the civil service subsequent to said 30th day
of November, 1863.
Mr. ASPEB. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to suspend the rules and pass the bill. But
before doing so I ask the indulgence of the
House for five minutes to make an explana-
tion.
Mr. ASPER. I object, unless I am allowed
to submit to the House a report upon this
subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let both gentlemen
speak.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If there
is objection to my being heard I move to
suspend the rules and pass the bill.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
78, noes 18 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Washburn of Wisconsin, and
Mr. Asper were appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I never heard
of a man who knew the facts of this case who
was not in favor of it, with perhaps one single
exception.
The tellers having taken their places, the
House again divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 109, noes 30.
Mr. ASPER. I demand the yeas and nays.
I desire also to make a parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. ASPER. I ask if the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washborm] is not aware that
the Committee on Military Affairs has investi-
gated this matter?
The SPEAKER. There is no parliament-
ary inquiry involved in the gentleman's ques-
tion.
Mr. ASPER. I desire to say-that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have examined this
matter arid reported adversely.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill was
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, one of his secretaries,
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed a bill of the following
title:
An act (H. R. No. 2324) granting a pension
to John E. Wilson.
CLAIM OF ILLINOIS, INDIANA, AND OHIO.
Mr. KERR. I move to suspend the rules,
and pass a joint resolution declaring the true
construction of a certain statute.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to declare that the true intent and meaning of
the second section of the act approved March
3, 1857, entitled " An act to settle certain
accounts between the United States and the
State of Mississippi and other States," is,
that all the other States, to wit, Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, which have not received the full
amount of their five per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of the sale of public lands lying within
their respective limits, as mentioned in their
several enabling acts, in money, shall have
their accounts stated, both on the public lands
and reservations, and such cash balance as has
not been paid to said States allowed and paid.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We ought to have some
explanation of this. I believe it involves a
very large expenditure of money.
Mr. BUTLER, of _ Massachusetts. I Lope
the House will allow some explanation to be
given of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would suggest that
the report be read. It is not very lengthy.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 117.
Mr. KERR. If there is no objection I will
read the report myself from the Clerk's desk.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERB read as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whem was
referred House resolution No. 379. to construe a
statute therein named, having had the same under
consideration, beg leave to submit the following
report:
The object of the resolution is to construe the sec-
ond section of the act of March 3, 1857, entitled "An
act to settle certain accounts between the United
States and the State of Mississippi and other States,"
For the better understanding of the wh ole subject
the entire text of tbe act is here set out:
"That the Commissioner of theGeneral Land Office
be, and ho is hereby, required to state an account
between the United States and the State of Missis-
sippi, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum or
sums of money are due to said State, heretofore un-
settled, on account of the public lands in said State,
and upon the same principles of allowance and
settlements prescribed in the act to settle certain
accounts between the United States and the State
of Alabama, approved March 2, 1855; and that he
be required to include in said account the said res-
ervations under the various treaties with the Chick-
asaw and Choctaw Indians within the limits of
Mississippi, and allow and pay to the said State live
per cent, thereon, as in case of other sales, estimat-
ing the lands at the value of $1 25 per acre.
44 Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said Com-
missioner shall also state an account between the
United States and each of the other States upon the
same principles, and shall allow and pay to each State
such amount as shall thus be found due, estimating
all lands and permanent reservations at$l 25 per
acre."
To indicate the principles' referred to in the
foregoing act, the text of the act of March 2,1855,
"to settle certain accounts between the United States
and the State of Alabama," is here also fully em-
bodied: •
" That the Commissioner of the Genera! Land Office
be, and he is hereby, required to state an account
between thcUmted States and the State of Alabama,
for the purpose ot ascertaining what sum or sums
of money are due to said State, heretofore unsettled,
under the sixth section of the act of March 2,1819,
for the admission of Alabama into the Union; and
that he be required to include in said account the
several reservations under the various treaties with
the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and Creek Indians within
the limits of Alabama, and allow and pay to the
said State five per cent, thereon, as in case of other
The policy of the Federal Government toward the
States out of which these claims arose was adopted
prior to 1802. • It was based upon the agreement of
all new States at the time of admission inte the
Union that they would waive and not exercise, for
the period of five years after entry, their right to
tax all lands within their respective limits pur-
chased of the United States.^ This condition was
imposed by the United States in aid of immigration
and settlement, and was assented to by the States
on condition that five per cent, of the proceeds ot
the sales of all public lands within their respective
limits should be allowed and paid to the States
respectively, or expended by Congress for their use
and benefit. These agreements and conditions were
not in all cases precisely the same; but their differ-
ences were not such as to impair or modify the gen-
eral policy m which they had their origin. All the
States embraced within that policy have, without a
single exception, entirely refrained from taxing
lands purchased of the United States until the period
of five years had elapsed from the date of purchase.
They have thus kept faith with the Federal Gov-
ernment, and thereby, whatever rights accrued to
them, respectively, by reason of this policy, became
vested, and, so far as they have not heretofore been,
they oughtnow to be observed and protected. These
rights have been in good faith fully recognized and
awarded by the Federal Government in behalf of
the States of Louisiana, Arkansas. Michigan, Wis-
consin. Kansas, Iowa, Minnesota, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Missouri, Oregon, Nebraska, and Ne-
vada, ana in one form or another, as the result ot
arrangements satisfactory to both parties, each ot
them has had the full benefit of the reserved five
per cent.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the percentage was not one per cent,
in Michigan, and not five.
Mr. KERR. It was five per cent., I think,
for every one of the States.
The reading of the report was resumed, and
concluded as follows:
In the early history of the legislation on this sub-
ject it will bo iound that the mode of payment, in-
vestment, or disposition of this fund was determined
by laws applying to the several States separately.
But to avoid the frequently recurring necessity for
such special enactments the second section of the
act of March 3.1857, was passed. That section made
it the duty of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to "state an account between the United btates
and each of the other States, upon the same prinei-
pies, and to allow and pay to each State such amount
as shall thus be found due, estimating all lands and
permanent reservations at $1 25 per acre. This
language is clear and specific, anu its mtent ana
purpose are too obvious to need argument. 3?he
"other States" are required to be settled with on
the liberal and just principles on which the settle-
ments were made with the States of Mississippi and
Alabama. When settlements are to be made it is
declared to be the duty of the Department to allow
and pay the amount so found to be due. There is
nothing in this section which prescribes one rule
for one State and a different rule for another in the
adjustment of these accounts. No words in the act
indicate any purpose or intent to charge any State
with any set-off. No exception or restriction is made
against any States.
The States of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio have sev-
erally enjoyed, under different laws, the benefifcof
the fund in question to theextentof three per cent.,
or three parts of the five per cent. But the other two
percent, has been withheld. Should it be allowed
and paid? The object of tbe joint resolution under
consideration is to give an affirmative answer to this
iuquiry by construction of the actof March3, 1857.
Ohio was the first State admitted, and from time to
timetherc were paid to it three fifths of this fund, to
be expended under the direction of its Legislature in
making roads within.the State. But tbe other two
fifths the Federal Government reserved the right
to expend in making public roads leading from the
navigable waters emptying into the Atlantic to the
Stato and through the same. (Sec acts of April 30,
1802, and March 3, 1803, relative to admission of
Ohio.)
The State of Illinois, under like enactments, re-
ceived three filths of this fund, to be expended in the
advancement of its educational interests under the
direction of its Legislature. The other two fifths of
the fund were to be expended in making roads lead-
ing to the State. (See act of April 18,1818, relative
to admission of Illinois, and Brightley's Digest, page
310. conditions 3 and 4 of section 3.)
The State of Indiana, under similar laws, enjoyed
the use of three fifths of the fund in making roads
and canals therein. The other two fifths were to ba
expended by Congress in the construction of a road
or roads leading to that State. (See act of April 11,
1818, and Brightley's Digest, page 416, and 3 Statutes-
at-Large, page 424.)
The United States never discharged their obliga-
tions or performed theirtrust toward these States in
the expenditure of the two fifths of this fund, unless,
in the judgment of Congress, the futile attempt to
lay out and construct a road, called in the laws on
the subject, the "Cumberland road," constitutes a
performance ot those duties. That road, as origin-
ally projected and subsequently extended, was in-
tended to connect by a great national highway the
East with the West, running through the capitals of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and terminating at Jef-
ferson City, in the State of Missouri. It will scarcely
be contended by any person that the design of Con-
gress in this respect was ever executed. It was not
carried out to any such extent or in any such man-
ner as even to constitute any just, equitable, or legal
claim against those States. Itcannot be said that it
was a compliance in spirit or letter with the-terma
upon which the two fifths were retained.
Tdese views are very greatly fortified by the fact
that when the legislation of 1857 was enacted that
"Cumberland road " had been for long years aban-
doned, had been surrendered to the States through
which it was projected without conditions, had
ceased to be Federal property or under Federal
control, had passed out of popular memory, and
was remembered only in history. It cannot, with-
out a manifest stretch of imagination, be claimed
to have been in the legislative mind when th'e act
of 1857 was passed. The road was not referred to in
any of those enactments. Its existence was not
made the basis of any charges against those States.
Neither was any condition imposed upon or any
charge made against any of them when that road
was surrendered to them so far as it was within their
respective limits. Besides, the parts of that road
which were within the States of Maryland, Virginia,
and Pennsylvania were given to those States, re-
spectively, without any charge or claim, or expecta-
tion of repayment in any way whatever, directly or
indirectly.
It is further worthy of remark that, by reason
of intrinsic difficulties in the subject, it would bo
impossible to make an account againstany of those
States for money expended in tho partial construc-
tion of that road, except upon the uiost fanciful, it
not absurd, principles of accounting. But why raako
any sueh claim against, those States, when none such,
was ever made or ever will be made against any
other States? Why deny to these States equal con-
sideration or equity, or even liberality, with any
other States? , .
It is proper further to observe that the privilego
of taxing the lauds of their citizens for tho period
of five years after their purchase by tho citizens
from the Federal Government, which waa so sur-
rendered by the States, wouldhave realized to them,
respectively, if it had not been so given up, very
much more than the amount which they now claim.
In other words, it was the surrender oi a valuable
right, the giving of a full equivalent by the btates
for the promised five per cent. So far as that tunu
has not been accounted for to those States, it re-
mains m the custody of theljnited States as a sacred
tru?t; and, in our judgment, its adjustmen t and pay-
ment ought not to be longer delayed, w e lmgat
here refer at length to the numerous decisions in
the past by committees of either House ot Congress,
by Commissioners of tho GenerahLand Othce, and
by competent and distinguished officials, maintain-
ing the validity of tho claims of these States. But
it is deemed proper to let the subjecteabide upon its
own merits ill the judgment of tho House.
