1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
less seenre than in either England or the
United Stales—
"Private property cannot be exappropriated.
taken for public use. without the intervention of
a jury of not less than thirty-six, nor more than
?*-venty-t*?o, juior*; ami iu the department of the
Sdne, vfhieb is P.iris, six hundred jurors are des-
ignated, out of whom a panel for the same purpose
is arrayed."
And I most cordially adopt tbe words of
another, and say:
"If tbe rights of tbe citizen to the protection of
his property from spoliation or invasion, or arbitrary
exaci ions, arc thus guarded by the Legislature of a
despotism, how much more sabred ougut they to be,
how wucli more effective should be the munitions
ng-iiust injury in u Government founding its chief
value upon an authority recognized as the basis of
our liberty—the M.urnaCharta—'thegreateharter of
the liberties ot England,* * * * "as
well ns by the Constitution of the United States.
By this great charter it U declared in its first arti-
cle, 'that no freeman may be taken or imprisoned,
or be disseized of his freehold or liberties in his
free customs, or be outlawed or exiled, or in any
manner destioyed, but by the lawful judgment of
his peers, or by the law of the land.'"
Now, let us see what security for property
otir own great Constitution has provided. The
fifth article of amendments provides that—
"No person" * * * * "shall be"
* * * * "deprived of life, liberty, orprop-
erty without due process of law, nor shall private
property be taken without just compensation."
In article seven it is provided (hat—
"In suits at common law where the value in con-
troversy shall exceed twenty dollars the right et'
trial by jury shall be preserved."
The fourteenth article of amendments con-
tains a provision as follows:
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law."
And by this same article "the privileges
end immunities of citizens" are protected si
that they cannot be abridged by Siate author- I
ily. And now what mean all these sacred
guarantees? What protection do they aiford
to properly? in England the question arose
as to what was meant by the words of Magna
Charta, "law.of the land." It was claimed—
"That the terms 'law of the land' will include an
actof tbe Legislature, bucC >ke, thatgreacluminary
of the law, in his comment on this clause, interprets
"the law of the land' to mean presentment and indict-
ment and process ofoutl.twry as contradistinguished
from trial by jury."—Cukev.pon Mayaa Charta, chap.
29, p. 60.
Hale, in his History of the Common Law,
says:
"The common law is principally intended by
these words, aui per l gem terroe." (Vol. 1, p. 128;
Spooner's Trial by Jury, 3o.)
What mean the words of our own Constitu-
tion, ''due process of law?"
Alexander Hamilton, the greatest of ail the
great luunders of the Constitution, says :
"The words 'due process* have a precise technical
import, and are on;y applicable to the process and
proceedings of the courts of jus icc. They can never
be referred to an act of the Legislature." (3 liamil-
ton's History of the Republic, 207-208; 4 Iliil's Rep.,
140; Comstock's R., 611.)
Now, if the mode provided in this bill of
taking private property for school house sites
is '"due process of law," then the bill in this
respect meets no constitutional difficulty.
But i insist it is not "due process of law,"
ana that Congress ought to apply the principle
of this "due process" to this anil all cases
where the power of eminent domain is ex-
ercised. Tl.e phrases " due process of law"
and the "law of the land" are equivalent
expressions, (Green vs. Briggs, 1 Caiter, 811 ;
Maj'ons. Wilson. 1 N. II. 11 . 55; Sedgwick on
Statu lory mid Con«t. Law, 5o4, 010; 2 Inst.
60, 270; 2 Kent, 10.) Lord Cooke says the
words per legem, terra; mean due process of
law. (2 Story on Const., see. 1789; Cave's
English Libei ties, 10; 1 Tucker, Blaekst, App ,
S01; Barrington on Stat., 17, So ; 18 Howard
It., 2SO.)
And " due process of law" requires a trial
by a jury of twelve. The authorities to prove
this are abundant.
In Taylor vs. Porter, (4 Hill, 140,) it was
declared that the effect of the constitutional
guarantee of "due process of law" was that
tio person shall be—
''Deprived of any right, unle?3 the matter shall bs
adjudged against him upon tri il had according to
theeourse-of the common law."
(Paschal's Annotated Const. 260, where the
authorities are collected; 9 Opinions Attor-
neys Geu'l, 200; 13 xV. Y. K., 393; 4 Hill,
145.)
And it was held that a statute was uncon-
stitutional which authorized private property
to be taken for a private road with an assess-
ment of damages by a jury of six free holders.
The same doctrine has been held in other
States where the question has arisen, and the
authorities are fully collected bv Sedgwick, in
liiswork on Statutory and Constitutional Law;
by Angel, on lioads and Highways; and by
Paschal, in his Annotated Constitution.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
the case of Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley, (2
Peters, 493,) held that, under the Constitution,
an occupymg-elaimant law which undertook
to make tne owner of land liable for improve-
ments on a valuation assessed by commission-
ers would not be enforced in the national
courts. (3 Dallas, 297 ; 11 Howard, 437;
Bald., 544; Smith's Const., 552; 2 Graham
& Waterman, 30; 18 Howard, 272; 3 Peters,
433.)
Air. Justice Story, in discussiug the words
"due process of law," says:
"This clause in effect affirms thy right of trial
according to tbe process and proceedings of common
law." (2 Const., sec. 1789.)
In all cases, too, where the power of eminent
domain is to be exercised under State author-
ity to appropriate private property for public
uses a trial at law by a common law jury is now
matter of constitutional right. I know doubts
have been entertained on this subject prior to
the adoption of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, and there were au-
thorities to show that a jury trial was not mat-
ter of right. (Angel on Highways, 101, 102,
where tbe authorities are collected ; Weilyaid
vs. Hamilton, 7 Ohio R., pt. 2, p. 115.)
But since the adoption of the fourteenth arti-
cle, it may well be maintained that a common-
law jury trial is secured. Its language is—
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of" *
* * * "property without due process of law."
This is broad and comprehensive. It is not
limited to ordinary law proceedings in courts,
but it comprehends the cases wnere a State
may exercise the power of eminent domain.
And certainly the national Government
should adopt for itself the same rule which the
Constitution applies to the States.
The true original interpretation of the Con-
stitution ought to have been that the right of
trial by jury was preserved by it.
Congress cannot arbitrarily by law declare
that to be due process of law which is not so
at common law. (Murray vs. Hoboken L. &
1. Co., 18 Howard, 280 ; 5 Watts & Sergt., 193 ;
4 Hill, 145; 4 Dev., 15; 13 N. Y. It., 393; 2.
Kent, 339; 11 Michigan, 113.)
The condemnation of private property for
public uses is not a subject, of equity, jurisdic-
tion, or one which can be regulated by a stat-
utory proceeding, so as to take it out ot that
"due process of law" which secures a com-
mon-law jury trial. (2 Peters, 493; 3 Peters,
446; 2 Curtis, 806; 9 Pet., 150; 2 How., 29;
tiib., 7; 12 ib., 16S; Sedgwick on Stat, and
Const. Law, 548; 6 Litteil, 217; 0 Munroe,
042; Hardin It., 5: 3 Litteil, 200; 1 Biuney,
410; 24 IV, 131.)
But 1 cannot now go fully into an examin-
ation of the authorities which support the
posiiious I have taken, and 1 content myself
for the sake of brevity with a bare reference
to some, without quoting them at large.
Heie then I leave this feature of the bill,
reiterating the proposition that private prop-
erty ought not to be taken for public use with-
out the intervention of a jury trial by a com-
mon law jury.
These guarantees of the right of property
are essential parts of the great charier of our
liberties.
I will lend no helping hand to impair or
destroy them.
Juries represent the impartial, honest judg-
ment of enlightened people. Legislative or
judicial commissioners may represent special
interests or be manipulated for special pur-
poses.
Mr. HAWKINS. Will the gentlemanyield
to me for a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, for a question.
Mr. HAWKINS. I desire to know whether
the gentleman from Ohio believes that under
the Constitution of tbe United States a person
who is a land owner, who has a legal title to it,
can be dispossessed of that legal title until the
purchase money is paid?
Mr. LA WHENCE. That is a question which
has been very much discussed in the conrts of
this country, and one on which different opin-
ions have been given. It is not necessary for
the purposes of this bill that we should decide
that question ; au9 I do not feel called upon
now to meet it in the discussion of this bill;
because whatever bill may pass, undoubtedly
provision will be made for just compensation
for all private property which may be taken
under it.
Mr. HAWKINS. If the gentleman does
not feel called upon to give a direct answer to
the question, it may be that it is because 1 have
net put it in a sufficiently clear form. The
reason I put the question is because 1 think so
many things have been done in this country
j of late that have not been done in strict con-
| formity with the Constitution of the United
I States that it is important, when we nnder-
] take to assail the legal title to propeny in the
i United States for school purposes, or anything
I else, we should do it in conformity with the
i! Constitution. 1 would therefore repeat the
Ij question, whether, in the opinion of the gentle-
[' man from Ohio, the legal title can be divested
ij without the payment of the purchase money
|: or the value of tbe property?
j Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman's qaes-
i tion is undoubtedly direct; and he calls upon
! me to answer it. I do not, however, feel my-
] self bound to determine questions upon which
' the courts of this country have ditfered so
I much. But I will answer the gentleman's
I question, and say that the title to property
i cannot be taken without full compensation.
The gentleman's question is not whether the
'j compensation must be first made before tbe
't property is taken. 1 suppose he means to put
1 the question whether compensation shall be
I made before the title to the property can pass
ij from ks owner to the United Statee; and that
j; is the question upon which the eourts have so
l! much differed. 1 suppose any opinion 1 might
give would not be obligatory on the courts ot
the country. If I bad the power 1 would make
the couris nil decide just as I thought wn3
right and I have no doubt it would be greatly
1; for the advantage of the courts. [Laughter.3
jj It would relievo them of a great deal of trouble
ij and settle questions which seem to puzzle my
;i excellent friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Uaw-
!' Kixs.] as they have troubled gentlemen who
ji have discussed the Constitution through taauy
il years past.
II Now, 1 proceed to the consideration of other
!l features of this bill.
'! it provides for the appointment, under na-
jj tional authority, of officers iu the States, the
li establishment of schools, and their mainte-
l! nance by direct tuxes, to be collected under
,j national authority, unless assumed and paiu
li by the States into the national Ireasuiy. It
i! then provides that—
Any c'tate may, at its election, in lien of the tax
provided for by this act, provide for a ll the cnudren
wiiuin its borders, b^twot;n the ot six Him eight-
een yaars. citable instruction in muting, writing,
orthography, arithmetic, geography, ana the his-
tory ©1 tiie United State*. If uny btato^uuii beiuio
said hibt-uained day, by a reso.ve ot its Legislature,
ar proved by thoGk>vemor, engage to wake such ino-
