1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2>
The committee, in conclusion, recommend the
passa ge of tha following joint resolution as a substi-
tute for the one referred to them:
Joint resolution declaring the true construction of a
statute.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the true intent and meaning of the
second section of the act approved March 3,1857,
entitled 'An act to settle certain accounts between
the United States and the State of Mississippi, and
other States,' is that all the other States, to wit.
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, which have not reoeived
the full amount of their five per cent, of the net
proceeds of the sale of public lands lying within
their respective limits, as mentioned in their several
enabling acts, in money, shall have their accounts
stated, both on the public lands and reservations,
and such cash balance as has not been paid to said
States allowed and paid.
The question was on the motion to suspend
the a'ules and pass the bill.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
71, noes 40; two thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
Mr. MARSHALL. The joint resolution is
evidently not understood ■ by gentlemen who
are voting-against it. I ask unanimous con-
sent, of tho House to give an explanation.
Mr. KELSEY. Go on.
• Mr. ALLISON. How long a time does the
gentleman desire?
Mr. MARSHALL. Five minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field.) The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] desires five minutes to debate this
question. Is there objection?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not if
the other side also be heard.
Mr. MARSHALL addressed the House in
remarks which will appear in the Appendix.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
in no spirit of partisanship, in no spirit of
opposition to a just claim, to state this claim
in a few word9, so that everybody may vote
understanding^ upon it; and then I shall have
"one my duty to the claims and to the House.
When the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
were severally admitted into the U uion, in order
to encourage immigration, in order to have
them settled up at once, the United States agreed
that if they would not for five years tax the
settlers on the lands sold by the United States,
which of course would be for the advantage of
the States themselves as well as of the United
States, the United States would expend live
per cent, of all the moneys received for public
lands for the benefit of those States, three per
cent, of .which was to be expended in roads and
canals xu those States. That was done ; there
is no complaint about that.
foMr- LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me; I cannot be interrupted ; I have not the
time. I will yield everything to the gentleman
. tu"e' i  ree per cent, was to be expended
in roads and canals in the States, and two per
cent, was left to be expended in the construc-
tion of a road to connect those States with the
navigable waters of the Atlantic coast. In
pursuance of that agreement the United States
commenced to build what is known as tho
Cumberland road, and built it part way through
the fatate of Ohio, part way into the State of
Illinois, but not at all in the State of Indiana.
And after expending more, very much more,
than the two per cent, the road was abandoned
and given up to the States in which it was situ-
ated. Now, the United States having expended
the three per cent, for roads and canals in those
fotates—there is no question about that-—these
states come here and ask for the other two per
cent., which they say has not been paid them,
because the road was not put through those
btates through" is emphasized—because
the road was not put through those States,
irue, it was not; because by general consent
of the whole country that kind of road-build-
ing has been abandoned as useless. We have
nojy a resolution to pay the States of Indiana,
Ohio, and Illinois; the three States are put
together, for the purpose, it would seem to me,
of enlisting the sympathies and the votes in
this House of the members from those three
large and prosperous States. In my judgment
those States stand upon a very different foot-
ing. Ohio had a portion of the road .built
through her domain, and she is now in the
enjoyment and use of that road, and thus she
has received her two per cent. Illinois has
not received her two per cent, in the view that
the road has gone through her borders, because
it only went a little way into Illinois. Indiana
has received nothing. It is not fair and just
that the same state of facts should be applied
to Indiana as to Illinois, or to Illinois as to
Ohio, or to Ohio as to either of the other
States.
This is a case which requires $1,500,000 to
be paid from the Treasury of the United States.
If it is a just claim it ought to be paid. The
claim comes before us, and is brought here at
a very late hour of the session. It has been
referred to no Committee of Claims; it has
been examined, how much I will not say, by
the Committee on the Judiciary. The report
however, was not a unanimous one. I have
no sectional feeling about this matter ; I have
no desire that Illinois should not have what
belongs to her, or that Indiana and Ohio
should not have what belongs to them. But
I think it can be demonstrated, when we come
to go into the facts and figures, that Illinois
has received all that belongs to her in this
regard, in that the road has gone into her
borders, for the agreement was to build the
road from the navigable waters of the Atlan-
tic coast to those States, and so much was
expended in doing it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Inasmuch as I introduced
the resolution originally, I desire to say one or
two words only, to correct some of the gentle-
man's misstatements.
Ihe SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr, Sco-
field. ) ^ No further debate is in order except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask permission for only four
or five minutes.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to detain the
House by any restatement of this case at all,
?Lt0 Lepeat tlie statements of my colleague.
[Mr. Marshall.] What I have to say in refer-
ence to this case is to correct the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] in some of
his statements. He states that the contract
was that those States should not tax thesettlers
on the lands that had been purchased from the
Government, thereby receiving a benefit them-
selves as well as conferring a benefit on the
Government. That was not the contract. The
gentleman is mistaken. The contract was that
they should not tax the lauds sold by the Gov-
ernment. J
tiers*"" Massachusetts. To set-
Mr. LOGAN. Itmakes nodifferencewhether
the purchaser was a settler or not; the pro-
vision was that if the land should be sold the
State should withhold taxation for five years,
and should m the fulfillment of the contract
receive its percentage.
The contract with Illinois has not been com-
plied with. 1 he road was not built. Nor was
Indiana and Ohio complied
with. In 18o7 an act was passed to pay the
Government indebtedness to various States
but in the settlement Ohio, Indiana and lilt
nois were left out.
M MTBnnEAVT Wi',y were they Ieft out?
l;, : LOGAN. That is exactly what I would
nil J°n i?W' 1S' ■ suPP°se> exactly what
all of our Representatives would like to know
these States were left out by the accounting
otiicers, and not by the law of 1857. Under
that law those States would have been entitled
to the pay which they now ask from the Govern-
ment, but the accounting officers saw fit, in
making their settlements, to leave out these
three States. They having been left out, it is
now claimed that they are not entitled to pay.
Different Secretaries of the Interior, and
otherofficers of the Government, have decided
that these States were entitled to this pay.
These States now come to Congress with their
application. They come, the gentleman from
Massachusetts says, at a late hour. The reason
they come at a late hour I will state. We are
not responsible for the fact that the Judiciary
Committee did not examine this case earlier.
During the last Congress I offered a resolution
in reference to these claims, which was referred
to that committee. If the committee did not
then examine the case it was not my fault.
If this report comes in at a late day it is
because the committee could not obtain the
opportunity to report sooner at this session.
Without discussing further the merits of this
question (for I have not time) I ask the House
to say whether or not it will refuse to let the
accounting officers of the Government make
simply a statement of the account between the
Government and the States. That is all this
measure proposes, simply that a statement be
made of the account between the Government
and these States, other States having been paid
I remember the time—it was during the last
Congress, I believe—when there was tacked on
to an appropriation bill a claim of Massachu-
setts for interest on an old debt, amounting to
$600,000. The gentleman from Massachusetts
appealed to us of the West to vote for it. We
did so; and it passed. 1 do not know whether
the claim was honest; I presume it was. But
the very moment we ask the Government to
carry out a contract with us the gentleman and
others from Massachusetts cry out against it.
1 hope the House will pass the resolution.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the attention of the
House for a few moments till I can show how
much land Congress has given to these States
m heu of this five per cent.
• Th? ®pEAKER pro iemfwe. The question
is not debatable, except by unanimous con-
sent.
'Several members objected.
>rr' Let us hear the law.
Air. ivliKR. Ihe statement which the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] desires
™ Te,V£8.1? relevan°y to this question.
• r ^^AN. We never received any land
in lieu of this claim.
Mr. CONGER. I want to show that Con-
gress has already granted to the State of In-
diana what is equivalent to $1,500,000, and
nearly half as much to Illinois and Ohio
respectively. '
Mr. DICKINSON. That is not correct, as
the gentleman will find by looking at the report
of the committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is
I104?n °™er.without unanimous consent.
rules ^Uest,'0n being taken on suspending the
- lh? SPEAKER pro lempore. In the opin-
l"n °£the Ohair, two thirds have not voted in
the amrmaijve,
Mr. KERH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerii and
Mr. jVJay&ard were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 84, noes 40; less than two thirds
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
I tie yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken ; and it was decided
I" the negative—yeas >08, nays 59, not voting
73 ; as follows: °
Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Nik-
