1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
let me quote a portion of the two laws to which
Mr. Jefferson refers. I might cite many kin-
dred laws, but parts of these will suffice. Let
iue read the fourth section of chapter twenty-
two of the fifth year (1732) of George II. It
is as follows:
" Whereas the art and mystery of making hats in
Great Britain hath arrived to great perfection, and
considerable quantities of hats manufactured in this
kingdom have heretofore been exported to his Ma*
jesty's plantations or Colonies in America, who have
"been wholly supplied with hats from Great Britain ?
And whereas great quantities of hats have of late
years been made, and the said manufacture is daily
increasing in I ho British plantations in America,
and is from thence exported to foreign markets,
which were heretofore supplied from Great Britain,
and the liat-makers in the said plantations take
many apprentices for small terms, to the discour-
agement of the said trade, and debasing the said
manufacture; wherefore, for preventing the said ill
practices for the future, and for promoting and en-
couraging the trade of making hats in GreatBritain^
Be 1t enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by ,
and with the advice and consent of the Lnrdi, spiritual 1
and temporal and Commonx in this p> esent J'arliameat
awwibleil, and l>v the authority of the same. That from
and after the 29th day of September, A. I). 1732, no
hats or felts whatsoever, dyed or undyed, finished
or unfinished, shall be shipped, laden, or put on
board any ship or vessel m any place or ports
within any of the British plantations, upon any
pretense whatsoever, by any person or persons
whatsoever; and also, that no hats or felts, either
lived, or undyed, finished or unfinished, shall be
laden upon any horse, cart, or other carriage, to the
intentorpurposeto beexported, transported, shipped
off, carried, or conveyed out of any of the said Brit-
ish plantations to any other of the British planta-
tions, or to any other place whatsoever, by any per-
son or persons whatsoever."
The ninth and tenth sections of the other
act referred to, chapter twenty-eight of the
twenty-third year (1750) of George II, are as
follows:
"IX, That front anil after the 24th day of Juno,
!7>0, no mill or other engine for slitting or rolling
of iron, or any plating forge to work with a tilt-
hammer, or any furnace for making steel, shall bo
erected, or after such erection, continued m any ot
his Majesty's colonies in America; and if any person
or persons shall erect, or cause to be erected, or alter
sach erection continue, or oauso to be continued, in
any of the said Colonies, any such mill, engine,
fm-ge, or furnace, every person or persons so olientl-
ing shall, tor every such mill, engine, forge, or fur-
>iaee, forfeit the sum of X200 of lawful money ot
Gre.it Britain. „ , .
" X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority
aforemui, Thai every such mill, engine, for go, or tur-
riiice sa erected or continued, contrary to the direc-
tions of this act. shall be deemed a common nuis-
ance; and that every governor, lieutenant, governor,
or commander-in-chief of bis Majesty's colonies m
America, where any such mill, engine, forge, or fur-
nace shall be crcctcd or continued, shall, upon in-
formation to him made and grivon, upon the oath ot
any two or more credible witnesses, that any such
mill, engine* foree,of furnace hath been so erected
or continued, (winch oath such governor, lieutenant
iroveuior, or commander-in-chief is hereby author-
ed and recinired to administer,) order and cause
every such mill, engine, forge, or furnace to be
abated within the space of thirty days next after
such iniormation gi^en and made as aforesaid; anu
if anv governor, lieutenant governor, or commander-
ni-chief chall neglect or refuse to do sowithmthe
iimc herein before limited for that purpose, every
*neh °overnnr lieutenant governor, or commander-
in-chief so offending shall, for every such oflense
forfeit the sum of £500 of lawful money of Great
llritain, and shall from thenceforth bo disabled to
Wild or enjoy any office of trust or profit under
liis Majesty,Jus heirs or successors."
Thus. fir. the history of (lie Colonies, the
laws of England, and the express assertion of
the author or the Declaration of Independence
assure us that no character of celebration of
the events we propose to commemorate cou|^
he more appropriate than one which would
exhibit to the world the results_of the mining,
manufacturing, and artistic skill of a people
who, one hundred years ago, were not permit-
ted to manufacture a felt hat or a plow or nau
from the productions of their own soil. Cer-
tainly no celebration couid be more apposite
or more fitting.
Then comes the question, "Where should it
be held?'' Why. sir, it should, in the judg-
ment of the country, be held where the Con-
tinental Congress assembled, deliberated, and
acted, anil where Carpenters' Hall still stands,
! s it did when the first prayer for Congress
was uttered. It should be in the vicinity of
Independence Hall, where the Declaration ot
Inder.endeiice was signed and proclaimed, to
the people, and where stands the old bell,
Whose peals summoned them, now shattered,
but still in form, and bearing the prophetic
inscription, "Proclaim liberty throughout all
the land unto all the inhabitants thereof,"
cast upon it about a century before the great
event it announced. It should be near to the
hall in which the Constitution was framed
and adopted, and to that in which the first
Congress of the United States assembled; and
these areall in Philadelphia. Were the cele-
bration of the centennial anniversary of this
great epoch, embracing this series of grand
historical events, to be held in any other city
it would be out of place, and the people who
might attend it would wander from its precincts
to Philadelphia, in search of the scenes and
halls amid which and in which the men whose
deeds they would commemorate had consum-
mated their great designs.
Can Philadelphia accommodate it? Sir,
many of the members of this House, includ-
ing members of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs and the Committee on Manufactures,
have visited our city with reference to this
question. They spent delightful hours in our
park, unequaled in the world, either in extent
or beauty, through which flow the beautiful
Schuylkill and the romantic VVissahiclton, and
containing more than twenty-six hundred acres
of undulating land, embracing both banks of
the beautiful streams I have named. When
Miss Frances Anne Kemble first visited us she
was fresh from Italy and Switzerland, among
whose mountains and lakes she liad passed
years; yet familiar as she was with the won-
drous beauty of their scenery she found its
equal within the limits of Philadelphia's park.
Listen to what she said on the subject:
To the Wisgahickon.
Mv feet shall tread no more thy mossy side,
When once thev turn away,, thou pleasant water,
Nor ever more, reflected in thy tide,
Will shine the eyes of the white island's daughter,
But often in my dreams, when I am gone
Beyond the sea that pares thy home and mine,
Upon thy banks the evening sun will shine,
And I shall hear thy low, still flowing on.
And when the burden of existence lies
Upon my soul darkly and heavily*
I'll clasp my hands over my weary eyes,
Thou pleasant water, and thy clear waves see.
Bright do thy course, forever and forever-
Child of pure mountain springs and mountain snow;
And as thou wanderest on to meet the river,
Oh, blill in light and music rnay'&t thou flow I
I never shall come back to thee again.
When once my sail is shadowed on the mam;
iS!or ever shall I hear thy laughing voice,
As on their rippling way thy waves rejoice ;
Nor ever see the dark green cedar throw
Its gloomy shade o'er the clear depths below.
Never, from stony riits of jyianite sray,
Sparkling like diamond rocks m the suu s ray.
Shall I look down on thee, thou pleasant stream,
Beneath whose crystal folds the gold sands gleam.
Wheielore, farewell 1 but whensoe'er aa-nn _
The wintry spell melts from the earth and aiv;. _
And the young spring comes ilaneiii? through tny
■\Vith fragrant, flowery breath, and sunny hair:
When through tile snow the scarlet berries gleam,
tike jewels strewn upon thy banks, fair stream,
My spirit shall through many a summer's day
Return among thy peaceful woods to stray.
Here, sir, amidst these scenes of beauty, and
in the midst of a collection of American trees
and foliage such as is nowhere else to be found,
we ask this exposition to be held. Sir, we
make this request not with reference to the
beauty of the site alone, but to its utility and
fitness also.
Through the Philadelphia park passes toe
junction"railway, by which goods shipped for
p exhibition from any part of the continent of
jl America, which is connected with a through
!; line of railway, maybe delivered at the ground
"! proposed to be set apart for the exhibition
|! without transfer or breaking bull;.
Again, the great tiling that the people ol
!i Europe would'learn by coming to see us, the
ij effect of free institutions upon the masses ot
\ the people, and that which they would most
admire, and which they could see nowhere else,
would be the homes of our working people. 1
repeat, sir, that bv nothing that they would see
in this country wOiild the workingMen or the
capitalists of Europe be mote instructed than
in- looking at the homes of the workmen of
Philadelphia. No tenement htitwes there;
Each laborer who has a fanfiily dwells under a
separate roof, which is most frequently his
own; in a house lighted by gas, supplied with
an abundance of pure hydrant water. In every
house there is a bath-room, into which there
runs streams, warm and cold, of the pure water
provided by the public. This is a startling
contrast to the homes of the workingmen
of England, Prance, Belgium, or Prussia, or
any other land. To thus bring the people of
Europe to a knowledge of how laborers live ill
our free Republic would give an upward im-
pulse to the temporal condition of humanity
everywhere.
Sir, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] suggested that he was not hostile to
Philadelphia, inasmuch as he regarded her as
one of the principal suburbs of New York. I
do not wonder at that, for in truth the two
cities are each the other's principal suburb.
They are so near each other, their population
is so nearly equal, and each is sp thoroughly
the complement of the other, that each may,
without affectation, so regard the other. They
are but little more than two hours apart;, and
the road that connects them is the one to which
I have alluded that runs through the park.
London imports through Liverpool, Paris
through Havre,and our merchants receive mosS
of their importations through New York for
precisely the same reasons that control those
of London and Paris. We do it for greater
convenience, and our imports thus swell the
volume of New York's apparent greatness. In
her we find one of our principal customers,
and largely our factor. She distributes many
of our products, indeed I may say most of that
part of our products not consumed by our
own prosperous and happy people.
We have no rivalry with New York. Her
field of operations is with foreign countries;
ours is at home. We convert the raw mate-
rial of our own and other lands into utilities
and matters of taste and vertu. We are a
producing people; they are a trading people.
Our roots are fixed in the soil of our country;
they move with the changes of commerce.
And New York, but for the possibility of in-
creasing her manufactures, may one day follow
the great cities that have, from time to time,
been reared on the commercial routes of the
past, and are now known only to history. A
city depending exclusively upon commerce
may be regarded as possibly transitory, so
long as the routes of commerce are liable to
change.
Sir, in comparing the two cities (I have no
idea of contrasting them, for, as an American,
I rejoice in the growth and progress of each)
let me tell you something of the people of
Philadelphia and their products. The census
just taken is incomplete. General Walker,
the Superintendent of the Census Bureau,
assured me to-day that the statement which I
hold in my hand is from twenty to twenty-five
per cent, too low in its aggregate of her man-
ufacturing products. The total of impoits into
the country during the last fiscal year, not into
New York; but into the country; not on the
Atlantic coast, but, on the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts, amounted to a little more than four
hundred and sixty-two million dollars. That
was the value of our entire import of manu-
factured articles and of raw material. The en-
tire imports were, I say, but $462,377,687,while
, tlie products of industry, as for as ascertained,
i in Philadelphia alone were £251,603,921. A<3d
to this, as I am authorized by the Superin-
tendent. of the Census to add, twenty percent.,
and it will be found that her productions alone
were far greater than the manufactured in)-
i pons of the country, and to about two
i thirds of the entire imports of raw tuatyii&iy
1 and manufactured articles.
