i860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2
Welder, Wheeler, Willard, Williams, John T. Wil-
son, and Wolf—79.
' NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Banks*Benjamin, Benton, Bethune, Bowen, Boyd,
James Brooks, Burr, Cake. Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
landtClintonL.Cobb, Darrall, Joseph Dixon, Dyer,
Eta", Eldridge, Fitch, Gibson, Hawley, Hoge, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, IngersoII, Alexander H. Jones, Knott,
Lawrence, Loughridge, McGrrew, Milnes, Ehakim
H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P.
Morrill, Mungen. Negley, Newsham, Halbert E.
Paine, Potter, Rogers, Roots, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon. Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, Van
Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Whiteley, Wilkinson, Witeher, and
W oodward—58.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
After the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. TRIMBLE. I desire to vote.
The SPEAKER. The vote has been an-
nounced, and the gentleman's vote could not
possibly change the result. The rules will not
allow the Chair to receive it.
enrolled dills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee oil En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 996) to provide for the
collection of debts due from southern railroad
corporations, and for other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 2925) to amend an act
entitled "An act to require the holding of ad-
ditional district and circuit courts of the United
States in the district of Indiana, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes.
PENSION BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Benton,] the acting chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
asks unanimous consent that to-morrow morn-
ing the first hour after the reading of the
journal be devoted to pension bills, not, of
course, to exclude reports of committees of
conference. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none, and it is so ordered. -
business op committee op claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
that'after that hour the Committee of Claims
may report a few Senate bills which they have
considered.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
business of judiciary committee.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I want to ask that after
that the Judiciary Committee may have fifteen
minutes to report bills that are unobjection-
able.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, I object.
1'khk marquette and flint railroad.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I ask the House to
take up from the Speaker's table and pass the
bill (S. No. 574) to extend the time for the
reversion to the United States of the lands
granted_ by Congress to the State of Michigan
ta aid in the construction of a railroad from
P&re Marquette to Flint, in said State, and for
other purposes.
Mr. McGREW". I am sorry to say that I
shall have to object to that.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I ask for one minute
to explain the bill, and then I am sure there
will be no objection to it.
, Mr. BENTON. I object.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the bill passed.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
72, noes 30 ; no quotum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Blair were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—-.ayes 86, noes 41.
Mr. RANDALL called for theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
thirteen members voting therefor.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
riles were suspended and the biil was passed.
service on a committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cullom] desires, on account of sick-
ness, to be excused from serving on the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill. The Chair appoints
Mr. BtrRDETT, of Missouri, in his stead.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. TILLMAN. I desire to ask the'House
to pass a bill for the removal of the political
disabilities of certain persons in my district.
I hope there will be no objection to the con-
sideration and passage of the bill. In my
humble opinion it would be to the interest
and to the honor of the Republican party that
all disabilities in consequence of the late rebel-
lion should be removed from everybody every-
where ; but in this bill I only ask for certain
persons in my district. I have deferred doing
this until now, hoping that a bill would be in-
troduced from the Reconstruction Committee
including the names in this bill; but I am
informed by a member of the committee that
no bill will be reported this Congress.
The bill contains no names but of those who
have asked in some way to be relieved. Some
of them have sent up formal petitions, some
have written letters to me asking relief, and
others again have had Republican friends
write to me ; and all, I believe, have had Re-
publicans express to me a desire that their dis-
abilities should be removed. I have had their
petitions or bills for their relief referred to the
Reconstruction Committee, and some of them
have been petitioners for several years, some to
the last Congress. None of them were "chief
sinners," I believe; but most of them are, I
know, under disabilities from having held some
minor offices before the war, and' probably
only sympathized with the rebellion. All of
them are desirous to be relieved, and, I have
no doubt, would have long since given further
evidence of this desire if any prescribed mode
had been ordered by Congress. They have
done all they supposed necessary to get them-
selves before Congress for relief. I know
some of them have heretofore declined to hold
offices tendered them, or to be candidates,
because they were under disabilities.
There are between twenty-five and thirty
names in the bill, and I do not suppose there
is one but has or would give, if he knew how,
evidence satisfactory to the most exacting of
Republicans that he desired his disabilities
removed. Under this statement of facts, I
hope the bill will be permitted to pass without
objection.
The bill was read as follows:
A bill to remove the political and legal disabilities
of citizens of the fourth congressional district of
Tennessee.
^ lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of each House concurring,) That all
political and legal disabilities imposed by the Con-
stitution of tho United States and laws of Congress,
for participation in the late rebellion against the
Government of the United Slates, be, and the same
are hereby, removed from J. B. Palmer, of Ruther-
ford county; J.B.Stacy. C. Gilbert. andT.M. Jones,
of G-iles county; N. W. Carter, and J. V. Wright, of
Franklin county; F. P. Fulton, Harvy C. Cowan,
W. L. Keece, L. L. Clark, and R. S. Woodward, of
Lincoln county; Daniel Parker, R. H. Terry, F. P.
Foriville, II. F. Ilolt, J. H. Harrison, William Camp-
bell, P. S. Dean, William MeGill, James Snoddy,
Matthew Watson, John H. O'Neal T. B. Ivy, and
Thomas G. Mosley, of Bedford county; H. N. Cow-
den, W. B. Holden, Dr. J. D. Johnson, and Joseph
McBride, of Marshall county; and that this act take
efiect from and after its passage.
Several members objected to its considera-
tion.
Mr. TILLMAN. J move, then, that the rules
be suspended and the bill passed, and I do hope
this little request will be generously sustained.
I ask it not for personal considerations, but in
pursuance of the political views I held and
maintained while a candidate, and with the
approbation of the Republican party of my
district that nominated me.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, now, that the great
party that put down the rebellion and have
ordained the " equal rights" of all cannot
more certainly give the decree practical effect
than by .liberality and magnanimity to those
who fought so stubbornly against it. Let us-
declare that we now recognize the ex-rebels
as good politically as "the negro, the carpet-
bagger, and scalawag of the South,'' but no
better, and that they, therefore, should cease
killing them, and be satisfied with equal priv-
ileges, or expect a farther exposition of the
power of the nation to enforce them.
Mr. McKEE. Will it be in order to amend
the bill by inserting the names of several gen-
tlemen in Mississippi 1
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rales is not amendable. The bill will have to
be defeated or passed as it stands.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the
rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
nine members voting therefor.
The question wa3 put on Mr. Tillman's
motion ; and there were—ayes 93, noes 27.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
3073) for the removal of the political disabili-
ties of certain persons therein named was
jane allen birckhead.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the rules be
so suspended as to take from the Speaker's
table and pass Senate bill No. 836, for the
relief of Jane Allen Birckhead, and other heirs-
at-law of Alexander Watson, deceased.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and upon a division there
were—ayes 69, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. VAN WYCK moved that the House
adjourn.
Several Members. Oh, no; not yet.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I think it is time to
adjourn when we get to passing bills without
any consideration at ail.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and it was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 35, noes 55.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion oft he gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison,] to suspend the rules and pass the
bill indicated by him. Upon a division no
quorum voted, and the Chair will, under the
rules, order tellers.
Mr. VAN WYCK. May I ask if there is any
report accompanying this bill? If there be
one I ask that it be read, so that we may know
what amount of the public money is thus pro-
posed to be'taken out of the Treasury.
Mr. ALLISON. There is no report in the
House.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Has the bill come from
any committee of the House ?
Mr. ALLISON. The bill comes to us from
the Senate.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Beatty were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 82, noes 50.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
message m10m the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had appointed Mr. J ohnston in place
of Mr. Tho-rman, excused, as a member of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments
of the Senate to House biil No. 2524, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 2860) making appropri-
