i24a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. NEGLEY. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am on an interesting
subject, arid I should like to pursue the record
further. I wish to say that the Republican
party, at which my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stiles] is disposed to sneer, is a party
which lias saved the Republic in the darkest
hours of its history. [ do not propose to review
its history during the years of the war, nor
its history even during the administration of
General Grant; but 1 do say that Grant's ad-
ministration of the country has reflected honor
on the party, honor on the President, and
honor on the country. This Administration,
sir, has erected for itself a monument as en-
during as time, and it will go down to other
ages honored and respected by all men. Sir,
Grant's administration has completed the re-
construction of the southern States. It has
commanded the respect and the admiration of
every foreign country on the face of the globe.
We are now just upon the threshold of clos-
ing up a controverted question with England,
showing the wisdom and the power of Grant's
administration in our foreign affairs. Into
every department of the Government his ad-
ministration has infused honesty and efficiency,
and therefore it commands the respect and
confidence and admiration of the people here
and everywhere.
In the Indian department a change has
been wrought which has made that depart-
ment a marvel of honesty, which, in past years
and under former administrations of the Gov-
ernment, was a marvel of corruption and ras-
cality.
Mr. HOLM AN. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say
this now in view of the report which is under-
stood to have beeu prepared by the sub-com-
mittee of the Committee on Appropriations
some weeks past, alleging corruptions in the
management of the present Indian Bureau?
Is this statement made in view of the facts
coming to the knowledge of that committee?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No report has yet been
made by that sub-committee; but this is the
■only Administration in which Congress has
dared to investigate a charge of fraud against
a prominent officer of the Administration. I
have only to say tbat charge has been invest-
igated, and in due time the facts will be made
known. Upon that subject I have 110 final
opinion made up, and therefore none to state.
In past Administrations corruption went unre-
buked and charges of fraud were never invest-
igated.
A Member. In view of the fact that the
members by whom the gentleman from Ohio
is surrounded, as well as most of those present
are Democrats, and as he cannot hope to con-
vert them, 1 ask whether he will yield for a
motion to adjourn? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do expect to convert
them by showing them the errors of their ways,
so that he who runs may read. [Renewed
laughter. ]
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask my friend from Ohio
whether a gnon deal of what he has said has
not been said in an ironical sense? Does he
not mean the very reverse of his eulogy on
this Administration? He has been speaking,
1 think, in a spirit of pleasantry.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I speak it pleasantly,
because, as a good Republican, I feel rejoiced
over the benelicial results to the country of
tlii-: Administration.
Mr. STILES. Let me ask the gentleman,
what, lias this to do with the income tax?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I was showing what
the Republican puny has done for the coun-
try. in answer to my Iriend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. STILES.J who more than once during his
speech sneered at the Republican parry. I
do say that that party is worthy of somethiug
more than sneers.
Mr. STILES. I think my friend ought to
have made this speech in his district before
the last election.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I made a good many
of them in my district prior to the election.
Mr. STILES. And his district sent a Dem-
ocratic successor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I was not a candidate.
I have never been defeated in an election for
Congress. I was preceded by a Democrat,
andT am to be succeeded by one. I do not
wish to be diverted from the purpose I had in
view, to vindicate the administration of Presi-
dent Grant. I was speaking of his Indian
policy and the management of Indian affairs
as an evidence of the honesty and success of
the Administration. On this subject Mr.
Welch, of Philadelphia, recently president of
the board of Indian commissioners, in a pub-
lication dated January 11, said the " work of
reform steadily progressed." and he then pro-
ceeds to testify to the honesty and efficiency
of President Grant's Indian policy as follows:
"Dry goods are now examinod and packed in a
warehouso that is under the control of the Govern-
ment, while manufacturers and other honest dealers
who had becjme disheartened by being unsuccess-
ful bidders now supply Indian good? at tho lowest
market rates. Through the independent, and there-
fore higbly-commendable action of the President
and Secretary of the Interior, Indian superiuteud-
encies and agencies are no longer shared out as
political patronage. The fornicator, tbo pilferer,
the drunkard, and thewhisky-sollerare being driven
from Indian reservations. Koine of these, however,
and their polirical upholders impugn the motives of
the new agents, and try to prejudice the Indians
against them. The good work progressessteadily, but
the missionary associations that have consented to
recommend arid supervise agents, find it difficult to
procure suitable men at. $1,500 a >ear, because high
capacity is required, and the cost and inconvenience
ofiiving on many of the reservations are very great.
Heretofore an Indian agent was not thought clever
who did not enrich himself in four years: while now
the work of reformation has progressed so far that
a man with a blemished character .s sure to bo ex-
posed as soon as his name is subjected to public scru-
tiny. Both political parties now consider it politic
to show mercy to the Indian, ond Congress seems
ready to act liberally if the Indian service can be
admioistered intelligently and economically.
" Congress in July last, made it the positive duty
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to consult tho
board of unpaid commissioners m all his purchases
of Indian gooils, and to invite them to inspect said
goods, and also to supervise all expenditures of
money/'
These and similar evidences of honesty and
efficiency in the management of every depart-
ment of the Government prove that the Admin-
istration has been a grander success in view of
the circumstances in which it came into power
than any Administration that ever existed in
this country. That is what I undertake to
say. Its financial success has been almost a
miracle.
Mr. STILES. I agree with the gentleman
that it will go down.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I undertake to say that
it will meet with the approval of the people,
and that through all history " it will stand the
test ol human scrutiny, of talents, and of time."
Still more I may say, the people will make
Graut Presidentforanother fouryears after his
present term shall have expired, as a proper
rewnrd for his uneqtialed merits as a soldier,
and his services as a statesman, as well as to
secure their own interests.
Mr. SiTLES. If it is possible to elect him
at the point of the bayonet.
Mr. LAWRENCE No; he will be elected
by the suffrages of the people of this country
and of the loyal people of this country. None
have reason to dread his bayonets in peace,
rebels learned to fear them in war. As Presi-
dent he has only executed the laws as his
sworn duty was. As President he could do no
less. His administration has not only done
this, but it has given financial prosperity to the
people. It has given us peace at home, wheie
we had no peace before, and peace abroad,
where only war looked imminent.
Mr. NEGLEY. And has paid SS(),000,000
of the deficit of the former Administration.
Mr. LAWRENCE. He has paid $180,000,-
000 nearly of debt since his administration
came in. He has done more to build up the
credit of our own and to command the respect
of foreign nations than any Administration this
country has ever had.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that by his comparing
our Government with one of the monarchies
of Europe?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Houiax] refers to the Presi-
dent's recent message. In that he said that
one of the monarchies of Europe was begin-
ning to remodel its Government after ours.
Grant's administration has been such a won-
derful success that other Governments have
begun to imitate ours. And if he continues
during another term, as we intend lie shall,
other nations of Europe will imitate our exam-
ple even more than ever before.
I shall not occupy the attention of the House
any further to-night. I have already spoken
at too great length. But I conclude by again
repeating that Grant's administration has done
more for this country, under the circumstances
in which it came into power, than any other
Administration which the country ever had.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
« ———
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOOKER: The petition of D. A.
Claiborne, of Halifax county, Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The
petition of William Pearpont, oi Salem, New
Jersey, praying the extension of his patent of
May 7, 1850.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A petition of 16
members of the Cincinnati bar, praying for
change of the laws providing for the transfer
of causes from State courts to United States
courts.
By Mr. STONE: The memorial of Amelia
J. Lyons, praying compensation for losses-
sustained in 1793 and 1801.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The petition of
M. Fraud and 75 others, and of James Ros-
mengav and 00 others, asking for an appro-
priation of 820,000 to complete the improve-
ment of Eagle Harbor.iii the State of Michigan.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: The petition of J.
Curtis Smith and 131 others, citizens of Ches-
ter county, asking for the establishment of a
professorship of homeopathy in the charter
of t.he contemplated national university.
Also, a petition of the council of the city
of Chester, protesting against the erection of
ice-breakers and the creation of an ice-harbor
at the port of Chester, Pennsylvania, and ask-
ing the cession of the Government piers there
to said city.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 15, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man;, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
IIOUSE DILLS REFERRED.
•The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 3033) to authorize tho
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State—to ihe Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads  
The bill (H. R. No. 3031) to protect national
cemeteries, and for other purposes, was read
twice bv its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that that bill be pat
on us pissnsie at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill willba
read subject to objection.
