18TJ.
the €ongbbssional globe.
1249
The bill was read. It proposes to declare
the cemeteries now appropriated, used, or occu-
pied for the burial of the soldiers, of the Army
of the United States who died during the -war
for the suppression of the rebellion to be the
property of the United States for the purposes
stated, and to be forever inalienable. It also
provides that these- cemeteries shall be forever
free and exempt from any State or'municipal
taxation or assessment, and shall be controlled
by such rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to give that bill a thorough examination.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator only wishes
to examine it, it may lie on the table; other-
wise, let it go to the committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It had
better go to a committee, I think.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of P. H. Elvers, prayiag a patent for a
corn-planting machine; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. POMEROY presented concurrent reso-
lutions passed by the Legislature of Kansas,
in favor of the enactment of a law granting the
right of way-through the Indian country to the
Kansas and Texas Railroad Company; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. liAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, asking
an appropriation on the part of Congress for
the improvement of th.e harbor of Duluth;
which, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of Vermont, praying the pas-
sage of the bill now before Congress to secure
eheap transportation of breadstuff's from the
West to the Atlantic sea-board at uniform
rates throughout the year; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of Ezra Willard, trustee of William
P. Gettings, of Maryland, praying payment of
claims against the Government of the United
States for property taken during the late war;
which, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
,Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
izens of Vermont, in favor of the passage of
Senate bill No. 1227, to secure cheap trans-
portation of breads tuffs and provisions from
the West to the sea-board at uniform rates
throughout the year; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
_ Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Wil-
liam Pierpont, praying the extension of his
letters-patent for an improved seed separator
and straw carrier; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Richard H. Brasher, of Panola county, Texas,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of
Elijah Peale, praying compensation for the
use and occupation of property at Natchez
by the 0-overijment during the late war ; which
was'referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of the
heirs of Admiral James S. Palmer, United
States Navy, deceased, praying for arrears of
pay due him under the act of January 10,
1857; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I have received a letter
from Mr. William A. Hoppe, of Richmond,
Virginia, stating that he was a loyal-citizen of
the United States, and had not voted for the
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 79.
ordinance of secession and toot no hand in
the confederate war; that he left his resi-
dence and lived in Philadelphia during the
war; that the United States troops under the
command of General Roberts took from him
property worth §368 50; that he presented
his claim to General Roberts, who referred it
to Captain E. D. Bean for investigation and
report; that Captain Bean reported that he
had carefully examined all the facts and tes-
timony in the ease, and found his claim to be
just and that it ought to be paid, but that
General Howard declined to settle the claim
upon the ground that at that time, June 7,1865,
the Department had no power to settle it; and
he therefore comes to Congress and prays for
such relief as they may see fit to bestow upon
him. I move that Mr. Hoppe's letter be con-
sidered as his petition, and that it be referred,
with the accompanying papers, to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
worthington national bank.
Mr. FENTON. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2996)
to authorize the Worthington National Bank
of Cooperstown, New York, to change its
name and location, report it back and recom-
mend its passage ; and I ask that it be put on
its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
-ered as in Committee of the Whole. By its pro-
visions the Worthington National Bank, now
located in Cooperstown, New York, is author-
ized to change its location to the village of
Oneonta, in the county of Otsego, New York.
Whenever the stockholders representing three
fourths of the capital of the bank, at a meeting
called for that purpose, determine to make such
change the president and cashier shall execute
a certificate, under the corporate seal of the
bank, specifying such determination, and shall
cause the same to be recorded in the office of
the Comptroller of the Currency, and there-
upon such change of location shall be effected ;
and the operations of discount and deposit of
the bank shall be carried on under the name of
the First National Bank of Oneonta, in the
village of Oneonta, in the county of Otsego,
New York. Nothing in the act is to be so
construed as in any manner to release the
bank from any liability or affect any action or
proceeding in law in which it may be a party
or interested. And when such change shall
have been determined upon, notice thereof
shall be published in at least two weekly news-
papers in the county in which Cooperstown is
situate, in the State of New York, for not,less
than four successive weeks.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
*No. 1963) for the relief of William T. Stotts,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2657) for the
relief of David L. Wright, late captain of
company E, fifty-first regiment Indiana volun-
teers, reported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2707) for the relief of General John C. Mc-
Quiston and Jeremiah D. Skeen, of Indiana,
have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to report the House bill
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage. I submit a written report on the subject,
which I ask to have printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. If it be the pleasure of the
Senate, I ask that this bill be now put on its
Mr. COLE. I believe I must object to the
passage of bills-in £be morning hour. It will
consume the morning hour, and there is other
business pressing which will' come on imme-
diately after that. * -
Mr. PRATT. I hope my friend from Cali-
fornia will not interpose an objection. A great
many bills.have been reported froin the Com-
mittee on Claims at this session, and. there
does not' seem to be much prospect of their
being acted on before the close of the session
unless they be taken ijg daring the morning
hour.
Mr. COLE. The Senator, I am sure, is
infringing on the wishes of his colleague, [Mr.
Morton,] who desires to submit some remarks
in the morning hour, and I hope he will not
insist upon doing so.
Mr. PRATT. If my colleague desires a
postponement of the bill of course I with-
draw my request. *
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Mobton] yesterday gave notice
of his desire to speak to-day for some twenty
or twenty-five minutes during the morning
hour. Will the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Pratt] withdraw this report for the present,
and defer it until to-morrow, when perhaps
he may get unanimous consent for the con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir, I will do so. I
withdraw the report.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Reuben Wright, praying for the pay-
ment of his claim against the Chickasaw In-
dians, report that by the treaty with these
Indians no money can be appropriated from
the fund' due them by the Government with-
out the permission of the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw general council. The committee there-
fore report adversely to the claim, and I move
that the written report, which I submit, be
printed,' and the committee discharged from
the farther consideration of the case.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of J. and C. M. Daily,, praying for
payment of their claim for goods and provis-
ions sold and delivered to the Sioux Indians,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.-
No. 1341) for the relief of J. and C. M. Daily.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
: Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R', No. 2691)
to repeal an act of the Legislature of Wyoming
Territory, apportioriing said Territory for mem-
bers of the council and house of representa-
tives of the territorial Legislature, have had
the same under consideration and recommend
its passage. I should like the immediate con-
sideration of the bill. It is a House bill, and
will lead to no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
.California [Mr. Cole] has objected to the pres-
ent consideration of bills reported to-day
because the Senator from Indiana desires to
occupy a portion of the morning hour in speak-
ing on the joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Indiana with regard to the fifteenth consti-
tutional amendment.
Mr. NYE; Then I will withhold my reports
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- The report of
the Senator from Nevada is withdrawn.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. '2939,) in relation to charters and incor-
porations in the Territories of the U nited States,
reported it with amendments. - ;
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up the Indi-
ana resolutions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us get through the
morning business first..
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further reports, the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions is in order.
