1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ntions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3071) for the relief of
Logan II. Roots, late • collector of internal
revenue for the first district of Arkansas.
The message farther announced that the
Senate insisted upon their amendments to
House bill No. 2789, making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes, agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes thereon, and had appointed
Mr. spraone, Mr. Cragin, and Mr. Stockton
as the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on their amendments to the
bill of the House No. 2816, making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, agreed to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Cole,
Mr. Thayer, and Mr. Blair as the conferees
on the part of the Senate.
leave to print.
Mr. MANNING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks he had prepared on House
bill No SOU, to protect loyal and peaceable
citizens of the United States in the full enjoy-
ment of their rights, persons, liberty, and prop-
erty, and to enable such citizens to preserve
and perpetuate the evidence of losses claimed
to have been sustained by them in the war in
the States lately in rebellion. [See Appendix.]
selma, home, and dalton railroad.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move that the rules be
so suspended, as to take from the Speaker's
table and pass Senate bill No. 109, in relation
to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad
Company, Alabama. I will say that this bill
makes no new grant, but is simply confirma-
tory of a grant made a year or two ago.
Pending the motion to suspend the rules,_
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG. Oh, no ; do not adjourn
now.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn ; and upon a division, there were—ayes
64, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BOLES called for tellers on the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were—ayes twenty-eight.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of a quorum) tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Kktcham and Mr. Hoi-man were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 90, noes 55.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AYER: The petition of J. R.
Jackson and others, citizens of Westmoreland
county, Virginia, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of Nomini river, in said
county.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas, re-
questing payment for losses sustained by the
illegal invasion of the Territory of Kansas in
1855, 1856, and 1857, by pro-slavery bandits
and mobs.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, requesting that the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, aud Galveston Railroad
Company be allowed to relocate a portion.of
its road.
By Mr. HOLMES : The petition of Michael
McGuire and 15 others, disabled soldiers of
Rochester, New York, praying an amendment
of the bill now pending in Congress granting
homesteads to soldiers, so that in their case
actual settlement shall not be necessary to a
grant. The petition is also signed by 36 others,
citizens of Rochester.
By Mr. MAYNARD : A petition of citizens
,of Roane county, Tennessee, praying Congress
to grant authority to the trustees of the Cin-
cinnati Southern railway to construct a railroad
from Cincinnati to Chattanooga, Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 2, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. tn.
Prayer by Rev. E. W. Jackson, of South
Carolina.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS. I object. I want to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading will
be continued.
The reading of the Journal up to the time
the recess was taken yesterday having been
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that the clerks at the desk hav-
ing been engaged here until midnight, the
Journal of the evening session of yesterday
has not been written. The reading of the
Journal of the evening session therefore will
be dispensed with.
credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the cre-
dentials of Henry Cooper, chosen by the Legis-
lature of the State of Tennessee a Senator from
that State for the term commencing March 4,
1871; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. HARRIS presented the credentials of
J. Rodman West, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Louisiana a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4, 1871;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
logan h. roots.
The bill (H. R. No. 3071) for the relief of
Logan H. Roots, late collector of internal
revenue, first district of Arkansas, was read
a first time by its title.
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent for
the present consideration of that bill
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that bill had not
better have its second reading now.
Mr. RICE. I will state to the Senator from
California that this is a bill for the relief of a
colleague of mine in the other House to pay a
small amount due by a defaulting deputy while
he was collector. His accounts have long
since been settled, with that exception. The
report of the House committee shows that he
is not in fault at all on account of this default,
and the Commissioner recommends his being
relieved.
Mr. POMEROY. Did he not take any
bonds of his deputy 1
Mr. RICE, lie took bonds; but the bonds-
men are not able to pay. The deputy collector
himself was able up to the time when suit was
commenced against him; but owing to a fire
his property has been destroyed, so that he is
not now able to pay. This is a small amount
of $3,000. The collector collected over half
a million dollars and settled every cent of it
with the Government cxcept these $3,000. I
think he ought to be relieved, and ought to be
relieved now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California insist on his objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the bill ought
to go to some committee and receive some
examination. .
Mr. RICE. I called the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance to it
yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table.
Mr. RICE subsequently said; I desire to
call from the table the bill for the relief of
Logan H. Roots, that it may be read a second
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California withdraw his objection to
a second reading?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have looked into the
papers in that case, and I do not consider it a
case in which I should press an objection.
The bill was read a second time.
Mr. RICE. If there be no objection I
should like to have the bill put on its. passage
now.
The bill was considered as in Committee ef
the Whole. It is a direction to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in the set-
tlement of the accounts of-Logan H. Roots,
late collector of internal revenue, first district,
Arkansas, to credit and allow him $3,281 21,
a deficit on account of Hugh McMurray, dep-
uty collector, if it shall appear that the deficit
did not occur from the fault or negligence of
the collector; and in case any part of the
deficit shall be hereafter recovered from Mc-
Murray or his sureties, it is to inure to the
benefit of the United States only.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
cincinnati and southern railway.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the second
reading of the bill in regard to the Cincinnati
and Southern railway, which is on the table
of the Vice President.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
Mr. SHE 11 MAN. We are entitled to the
second reading of the bill. That is always
announced from the President's desk.
Mr. DAVIS. I make my objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only ask for the formal
second reading of the bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that by the
nsagc of the Senate the morning business must
be concluded before a motion can be made to
take up a bill, even for the purpose of receiv-
ing ite second reading. The Chair performed
its duty yesterday by presenting the bill after
it came from the House of Representatives,
when it had its first reading.
Mr. SHB1RMAN. Then I give notice that
I shall make the motion as soon as the morn-
ing business is through.
southern railroads.
Mr. THAYER. I present a communication
from the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.'BaowN-
low,] and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Senate Chambek,
\VASHiNeDON-, IX C., March 1,1871.
Mr. President : I hare to request the Senate to
consider the House bill for collecting debts due the
Government from southern railroads, reported to
the Senate by Senator thayer, from the Military
Committee. The Secretary of War asks that this
bill may be passed. The credit of the State ot Ten-
nessee is somewhat dependent upon.the final dispo-
sition of the eases now pending, which this ftill
allows the Secretary of War to settie and dispose of.
The railroads in interest are anxious to pay wliat
amounts may finally be found due the Government ,
and thereby be relieved of a large unliquidated
account. The Judiciary Committee of the llouso
ef Kopresentatives had this bill under consideration
for a year past, and unanimously reported it to the
House when it passed without opposition. It Is
understood that it also has the unanimous approval
of the Military Committee of the Senate.
In view of these facts, I respectfully request the
Senate to put the bill on its
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Ten-
nessee 7 The Chair hears none, and the bill
(H. R. No. 996) to psovide fer the collection
of debts due from southern railroad corpora-
tions, and for other purposes,-is before tfe
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, tffi
pending question being on the amendment
