424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly imma-
terial to me to what committee it goes. This
whole subject has been thoroughly investigated
by the Foreign Relations Committee, by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and by the Committee on Commerce. Bach
has a bill now on your Calendar—not a gen-
eral bill, but each a separate bill—reported
and ready for action. 1 think so important a
measure as this should be referred to some
committee for investigation, to see what the
necessities of the ease are. I therefore
change my motion and move the reference of
the resolution to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
as now modified, to refer the concurrent reso-
lution to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SOMNER. It is a question of creating
a new committee 
Mr. WILLIAMS. The resolution that p.assed
the House for a joint committee.
Mr. SUMNER. As one, I have no desire
that it should be referred to the committee
which I represent; but during the last two ses-
sions of Congress many bills relative to ocean
telegraphs have been referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and I may speak for
that committee in saying that they have been
most carefully considered. Many hours, and
days even, have been devoted to their consid-
eration. Some of the results are now on the
Calendar of the Senate. There is one gen-
eral bill, which contains what I would call a
code regulating ocean cables, the substance of
which was sketched by our late associate in
this Chamber, Mr. Fessenden, and after a very
careful consideration in the comraittec it was
finally reported. It is now on the Calendar
for the action of the Senate. There are also
several special bills, one being to authorize a
cable from San Francisco to Japan, which has
been considered many days by the committee
and reported to the Senate.
Now, I doubt the expediency of taking all
those hills, at this late stage of the session,
from the charge of the committee which has
specially considered them. If such a resolution
is to be adopted as that proposed by the Sen-
ator from Oregon it seems to me it had better
begin with a new Congress, especially as we
are so near the close ot the present Congress;
but on this matter I have no personal desire
whatever. My single object is to consult the
business of the Senate, and under the circum-
stances I think it not expedient to press this
proposition during the present Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 submit to the Senator
whether he supposes any harm can result front
an examination and comparison of all these
different plans by a committee consisting of
thirteen members of the two Houses, a com-
mittee so large as to represent all the different
sections of the country and all the different
interests that may be involved in this question,
I certainly can see no harm in that proposition.
The Senator has reported abill here, 1 believe,
that provides for a subsidy of §500,000 a year
for a long period of time to a certain company
for the construction of a telegraphic line from
California to China. And now suppose it be
true that another company equally responsible
is ready to do the same work for one half that
amountof money, is H not entirely proper and
right that that proposition should be considered
in connection with this pending proposition?
And if it be true that this work can be accom-
plished for one half the amount of money is
it not desirable that that course should be pur-
sued? No harm can result to anybody. If
these bills are right and proper it is to be
expected, of course, that this joint committee
will so report?
There is no particular interest involved here
in favor of one plan or another plan; but it is
simply proposed that all these plans and prop-
ositions, various in their nature, that have been
referred, as the Senator from Michigan states,
some to the Committee on Commerce, some.to
the Committee (Jn Post Offices and Post Roads,
some to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and some to the Committee on Public Lands,
shall be referred to a large committee of both
Houses, and some definite plan agreed upon
on which Congress can take action.
Here is a bill pending, perhaps, from the
Committee on Commerce, proposing one plan;
a bill pending, reported by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, proposing another, -a dif-
ferent and a conflicting plan. These bills are
opposed to each other. How can we ascertain
what ought to be done unless those bills are
taken together and referred to some committee
that can consider them together?
I think, Mr. President, that this is a reason-
able proposition. It is not altogether new
in the history of Congress; and certainly there
can be no objection on the ground that it will
not tend to expedite business, for it certainly
will tend to produee that result. That is all
the object,1 have in view.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the motion now ?
The VICE PRESIDENTS The pending
motion now, which has priority", is the motion
to refer the concurrent resolution to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The. Senator
from Oregon has moved a concurrence in the
House resolution, but the motion to refer has
priority.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senate is not pre-
pared this morning to determine to what com-
mittee to refer this matter, inasmuch as it has
been scattered among two or three commit-
tees of the Senate, why not pass it over for
the present and let us consider it to-morrow
morning? I think that would be better.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the proposition ?
Mr. RAMSEY. That the matter pass over
until to-inoriow morning, so that we can have
time to examine and see what should be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Oregon withdraws his motion the Chair
will submit this resolution again to-morrow
morning after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think that would be better.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; if that is the
understanding, that the Chair shall submit it
to-morrow morning to the Senate, that will be
satisfactory to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair with-
draws the resolution for the present, and it
will lie on the table until to-morrow morning.
Petitions and memorials are in order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
H. J. Alvord, praying that the act to exempt
church and school property in the District of
Columbia from taxation be so amended as to
include all taxes prior to the date of that act;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
soldiers in the late war, praying the passage of
the bill known as the ." soldiers' equalization
bounty law; " which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JEWETT presented a petition of citizens
of Missouri, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Hartville to Aurora, in that
State ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of Edward C. Browder, of Dallas county,
Texas ; of Henry E. McCullongh, of Guada-
lupe county, Texas; and of William H. Vin-
son, of Washington county, Texas, praying the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were referred k> the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
Mrs. Emily Hooe, of Prairie du Chien, in the
county of Crawford, Wisconsin, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of citizens
of California, remonstrating against any ex-
tension of time to the Sacramento Valley and
Pla'cerville Railroad Company, and praying
that the lanas granted to that coiVipariy be
restored to theiroriginal condition as. Govern-
ment lands; which was referred to thfc Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Catharine Middletoii, Mary H. Briscoe, Elea"
nor Touranee, and Elizabeth Grace Edelenr
surviving widows of soldiers of the war of
1812-14, praying to be allowed pensions ; which1
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONIvLING. I present the memorial
of John Roach, a citizen of the State of New
York, pertaining to the matter of the construc-
tion Of steamships to sail under the American
flag on the ocean. I move its reference to the
Committee on Commerce, and I ask that it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
desires the memorial to be printed. The Chair
hears.no objection, and it is so ordered.' The
memorial will be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition
of D. J. Powers, a citizen of Chicago, Illinois,
praying the enactment of a law allowing him
to make application to the Commissioner of
Patents for a patent for certain improvements
in grain-drills; which was referred to the Com.'
mittee on Patents.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,-
to whom was referred the petition of Je'ottie'
J. Getty, of Stearns county, Minnesota, askhg:
to be paid for certain property destroyed I.y
United States troops in that State in the wi.i-
ter of 18GI-65, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 573) for the
relief of the heirs of Joseph D. Smith, have
had the same under consideration, and have
ascertained that a similar bill has been referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. They
therefore ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. What.bill is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill for the
relief of the heirs of Joseph D. Smith.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is a bill on
the Calendar now, reported from the Committee
on Public Lauds, for the relief of those parties.
Mr. PRATT. So I understood ; and that is
the reason why the Committee on Claims ask
to be discharged from iis further cori.->idt;raiion^
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tke committee
will be discharged.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Olaii-is,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 657) for
the relief of the sureties of William L. Adams,
have had the same under consideration, and
directed me to make an adverse report, aud
with a request, if there be no dissent, that the
bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. CORBET!. If there be no objection,
I ask that that bill be placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Daniel
Jay Brown, praying compensation for services;
and for losses, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 1102) for the relief
of the widow of D. Jay Brown, deceased.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TlPl'ON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. 11.
No. 2297) granting a pension to Isabella Smith,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. G78) to
give effect to contracts made in behalf of the.
United States, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponemeat; which waa
agreed to.
