1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
offered last night by the Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Casserly.]
Mr. THAYER. I accepted the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If any Senator
desires the reading of the amendment it will
be read. If not, the question is oa agreeing
to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
■was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMOltlALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the common councils of the city of
Philadelphia in favor of the repeal of the
income tax; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the memorial of William
J. Jessup, president of the Workingmeu's
Assembly of New York, praying relief from
alleged combinations of large operators and
transportation companies to enhance the price
of coal; which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
Mr. SCIIURZ presented a memorial of sol-
diers and veterans of the volunteer Army of
the United States, praying the passage of the
bill now before Congress granting a bounty of
$8 88 for each month's service to all honorably
discharged soldiers of the late war; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of James
Moore, of Mississippi, praying the removal of
his political disabilities ; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with the
presentation of a petition from Mrs. J. II. Slo-
cum and one hundred other ladies of the Slate
of Kansas, living in Lyon county, in which they
represent that they think themselves entitled to
the ballot by the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
and humbly pray this honorable body that such
laws may be enacted as will secure them that
right. As our committee for this session have
reported on the subject., and we are near the
end of the session, I move that this petition lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I have had sent to me from
Georgia a memorial of certain members of
the last Legislature of that State, as well as of
some of the present Legislature and other
citizens of the State, remonstrating against
the legality of the election of Hon. Foster Blod-
gett to the Senate from that State. I desire to
have this memorial laid on the table, to be
called up at the proper time. I ask now,
however, that it be read. ["Oh, no !"]
Mr. SHERMAN. That is for the next Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
■will lie on the table.
Mr. HILL. I move that it he printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present petitions signed
by seventeen hundred and nuiety-nine citizens
of the State of Kentucky, representing nine
different counties, including a number of the
members of the Legislature of that State, ask-
ing for the immediate passage by Congress of
the bill to promote the construction of the
Cincinnati and Southern railway. I have also
a large number of telegrams, in which they
request me personally to attend to this matter,
but I do not present them to the Senate. I
move that the petitions lie on the table, and
I give notice that I shall object to everything
except morning business to-day until we reach
that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I ask unanimous consent to
call up Senate bill No. 1044.
; TlieVlCE PRESIDENT. TlieSenatorfrom
Ohio has entered an objection to anything but
morning business.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire is to have
the formal second reading of a bill which is
on the table. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will let that be done.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I insist on the reg-
ular order, and I shall object to everything out
of order.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. AMES, it was
Ordered, That John E. Brown have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom were referred sundry petitions, memo-
rials, and resolutions in favor of appropria-
tions for the erection of public buildings at
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Green Bay, Wiscon-
sin, and San 'Francisco, California, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 292) to provide for a building
suited to the use of the post office, the revenue
officers, and the judicial officers of the United
States, in the city of Leavenworth, Kansas; and
A bill (S. No. 336) to provide for a building
suitable fqr a post office, for the accommoda-
tion of the revenue officers, and the United
States courts and their officers, in the city of
Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the Pennsylvania Company for the
Insurance of Lives, executors of Thomas Mc-
A. Fleming, deceased, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
petitioners have leavetowithdraivtheirpetition
and papers from the files of the Senate, the
committee not having had time to examine
and consider the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 257)
authorizing the Postmaster General to con-
tinue in use in the postal service of the Uni-
ted States an instrument or device for post-
marking and for the more effectual cancella-
tion of postage stamps, and to make a fair,
just, and equitable settlement with the in-
ventor and patentee of the same, and to pay
or compensate them for the past and future
use thereof by the Post Office Department,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce,_ to whom were referred the memo-
rial of William Blanchard, praying reimburse-
ment of expenses incurred in the prosecution
of a case of murder committed on board of an
American vessel on the high seas, and the
petition of citizens of Los Angeles county,
California, praying that Anaheim Landing, in
that State, be designated as a port of entry,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration,
and moved their indefinite postponement;
which wa3 agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 1291) to incorporate the
Shreveport and Upper Red River Navigation
Company; and
A bill (H. It. No. 1415) creatinga collection
district in New Jersey to be called the district
of Jersey City, and constituting Jersey City a
port of entry.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1367) amendatory
of an act for the construction of a bridge across
the Arkansas river at Little Rock, Arkansas,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask to take up House
bill No. 3048.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio haS objected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist upon the
objection until we reach the bill on the table.
Mr. W1LLBY. I desire to .attract the at-
tention of the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
to a report which I propose to make. Some
time since a majority of the Committee on
Patents instructed the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Carpenter] to make a report on
House bill No. 2361, for the relief of the heirs
of Jethro Wood, the inventor of the modem
plow. He was instructed to prepare a writ-
ten report on the subject, accompanying it
with a favorable recommendation for the pas-
sage of the bill. In consequence of the illness
of that Senator he has been unable to write
the report. The papers have been sent to me
this morning, and on his behalf I now report
back that bill with the recommendation of a
majority of the committee that it pass without
amendment.
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of that bill. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio Withdraw bis objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; not until I get
the formal second reading of that railroad bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I have a report to make.
I have two or three pension bills that have
passed the House that I should like passed
this morning. It is the last time I shall
appeal to the Senate on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to stand
here and object; but we shall get to that in a
moment when we can reach the formal second
reading of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say that I shall
object to anything this morning.
TUB COVODE EULOGIES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the House concur-
rent resolution for printing copies of the eulo-
gies pronounced in the two Houses on the
occa'sioti of the announcement of the death
of Hon. John Covode, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment, and to
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
The concurrent resolution of the House of
Representatives was considered and concurred
in, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Jiepresentaiives, (the Senate
concurring,) That there be printed seventy-five hun-
dred copies of the eulogies pronounced in the House
and Senate upon the death of Hon. John Covode,
of which live thousand shall be for the use of the
House, and twenty-five hundred for the use of the
Senate.
AGRICULTURAL RErORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, tn
whom was referred a concurrent resolution of
the House relative to the printing of extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture, have directed me to report the
same back with an amendment. The House
resolution provides for the printing of two hun-
dred and forty-five thousand extra copies of
this report for the year 1870, two hundred thou-
sand for the use of the House, twenty thousand
for the use of the Senate, and twenty-five thou-
sand for distribution by the Commissioner of
Agriculture. Our amendment reduces the num-
ber of the total as it was printed last year, to
which the House resolution added very con-
siderably, and slightly reduces the inequality
between the numbers given to the two Houses
of Congress. Our amendment is to matte the
total number printed two hundred and twenty-
five thousand, of which one hundred and sev-
enty-five thousand shall be for the use of the
House, twenty-five thousand for the use of the
Senate, and twenty-five thousand for distribu-
tion by the Commissioner. It is with great
reluctance that the Committee oa Printing
