1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
the United States on thepartof the State of Indiana
was and is null and void, and of no binding force or
effect whatever; and the counting of the vote of the
Stute in favor of the same was done without any
lawful warrant or authority; and that, protesting
against the same, this General Assembly does now
withdraw and rescind all action, perfect or imper-
fect, on the part of this State purporting to assent
to and ratify said proposed fifteenth amendment.
Resolved, further, by the authority aforesaid. That
Congress has no lawful power derived from the Con-
stitution of the United States, nor from .any other
source whatever, to require any State of the Union
to ratify an amendment proposed to the Constitu-
tion of the United State3 as a condition-precedent
to representation in Congress; that all such acts of
r.irilication are null and void, and the votes so
obtained ought notto be counted to affect the rights
of the people and the States of the whole Union;
and that the State of Indiana protests and solemnly
declares that the so-called fifteenth amendment is
not this day, nor ever has been in law, a part of the
Constitution of the United States.
Re^nh-f d,further, by the authority aforesaid, That the
State ot Indianadoes now propose and ask that the
Congress of the United States may and will, as soon
as practicable, call a convention of the States and
the people, according to the provisions of the fifth
:: rtiel e of the Constitution of the United States, for
tiie purpose of proposing amendments to said Con-
stitution fur the ratification of the States.
Hesohed, further, by the authority aforesaid. That the
Governor of Indiana be, and is hereby, directed to
transmit an authenticated copy of these resolutions
and the preamble thereto to each of the Governors
of the several States of the Union, and to each of
our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Mr. MORTON. The resolution just read
has passed the senate of Indiana by a strict
party vote, and will undoubtedly pass the
other house in a day or two. I propose to
say now what I have to say about it, as I shall
not have an opportunity later in the session.
This resolution declares that the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment by the Legislature
of Indiana was null and void because of the
absence of a constitutional quorum, and that
the amendment has not been adopted, because
Virginia, Mississippi, Texas, and Georgia rati-
fied it under the provisions of acts of Con-
gress making such ratification a condition-
precedent to their representation in Congress.
The last objection would be equally fatal to
the fourteenth amendment, but was not urgod
against it, for the reason, perhaps, that the
honorable gentleman proposing the resolution
had advocated the fourteenth amendment and
indorsed its adoption as complete. But every
argument to prove that the fifteenth amend-
ment, has not been adopted is equally applica-
ble to the fourteenth, and both must stand or
fail together.
It. is insisted that by making the ratification
of the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments
by the late rebel States a condition of their
restoration to representation in Congress their
several acts of ratification were made under
coercion and duress, and were null and void,
find that the amendments not havingbeen rati-
fied by three fourths of the States, not counting
the late rebel States, have not been adopted
■ind are not part of the Constitution of the
United States. This proposition proceeds upon
the hypothesis that the people of the rebel
States lost no political rights by going into the
rebellion ; that as soon as they had been over-
come upon the field of battle they were enti-
tled, ipso facto, to resume their representation
in Congress just as if nothing had occurred,
and that by overcoming them in arms we
merely conquered them back into the enjoy-
ment of full political rights.
It further assumes that when the people of
certain States had inaugurated and prosecuted
for years a bloody rebellion, which had only
been overcome by a vast expenditure of blood
and treasure, the people of the other States,
who had remained loyal and borne the heat
and burden of the conflict, had no right to
ask guarantees for the future good conduct
of their late enemies; that they had no right
to prescribe any conditions which they might
deem necessary for their future safety before
restoring their late enemies to the enjoyment
of political power.
These doctrines, so abhorrent to common
sense, are the foundation upon which is placed
the right to nullify the amendments. The posi-
tion taken by the friends of the Government
was that treason was a crime, and carried
with it the forfeiture of political rights; that
when the people of the rebel States withdrew
their Senators and Representatives from Con-
gress, formally declared their severance from
the Union, and attempted to form a new and
hostile government, they forfeited their right
to representation in Congress, and could not
resume it merely because they had been
defeated in battle, but only by the permission
and upon the conditions prescribed by those
who had remained true to their country, acting
through the Government of the United States.
The whole trouble with the Democratic
party is that it fails to perceive the wrongful-
ness of the rebellion. That fact once admit-
ted all the consequences which we claim, for-
feitures upon the one side, rights and powers
upon the other, follow inevitably. Need I
argue that the people who remained true to
the Government had a right to protect them-
selves againt future rebellion ? Need I argue
that when a rebellion has been suppressed
rebels have not an equal right with loyal men
to prescribe the terms of peace? If there
be any difference between right and wrong,
between loyalty and treason, I need not argue
these questions.
Assuming, therefore, the wrongfulness of
the rebellion, and that treason was a crime
which carried with it the forfeiture of political
rights, and that the loyal people of the United
States, acting through the Government, had a
right to exact guarantees for their future peace
and safety, I come to the question how those
guarantees were to be obtained and how that
security could be taken. Is it not obvious that
those guarantees should be placed in a law
as nearly as possible irreversible, that the
security to be of value must be written down
in the Constitution of the United States and
placed beyond the reach of those fluctuations
in parties which occur so frequently in a Gov-
ernment like ours?
This conclusion, so reasonable, was at once
adopted, and the guarantees were proposed in
the form of amendments to the Constitution,
and the restoration of the late rebel States to
representation in Congress made dependent
upon their ratification.
According to the theory of some distin-
guished statesmen these amendments could
be adopted without the consent of any of the
rebel States. They held that those States by
going into the rebellion had ceased to be States,
and were held as conquered provinces to be
disposed of like other territories, and that the
ratification of the amendments by three fourths
of the remaining States was sufficient. The
other theory was that the rebel States were
still to be counted as States in the Union, but
having forfeited their right to representation
by going into the rebellion were entitled to
have it restored only upon such conditions as
were compatible with the future safety of the
nation and not inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
This latter theory seems to have been the one
adopted by Congress in proposing the amend-
ments and in the enactment of the reconstruc-
tion laws.
By the reconstruction acts of ISO 7 the rati-
fication of the fourteenth amendment by the
late rebel States was made a condition to their
final restoration to political rights. After-
ward, and before Virginia, Mississippi, Texas,
and Georgia had complied with the conditions,
the fifteenth amendment became a manifest
necessity to the peace and safety of the nation,
and Congress required those four States, in
addition to the terms prescribed in the acts
of 18G7, to ratify the fifteenth amendment
before final restoration.
Now the argument is that this condition was
unconstitutional; that the people of those
States had a right to representation already,
and had such right from the very moment they
i laid down their arms. If the rebel States for-
feited no rights by going into the rebellion,
then their ratification, of the amendments was
as valid as if made after being' restored to
representation, for they were States vested
with original powers to ratify amendments
before as well as after. If they were still to
be counted as States, but regarded as having
lost their right to representation by having
willfully abandoned it, and engaging iti the
rebellion, it was clearly competent for Con-
gress to prescribe the terms upon which they
should be restored to its enjoyment. But if,
on the other hand, they had lost their State
character, which was only restored by their
admission to representation, such new admis-
sion into the Union, by a well-recognized prin-
ciple of constitutional law, would relate back
and validate their previous acts ratifying the
amendments. The Constitution provides that
Senators shall be chosen by the Legislatures
of the States, but it has always been held that
the admission of a State into the Union vali-
dated a previous election of Senators while yet
a Territory. Such also has been the uniform
construction where Territories proposing to be
admitted as States have been required by Con-
gress to enact certain laws, or comply with
certain terms as conditions-precedent to their
admission. Their subsequent admission has
always been held to relate back and validate
such enactments or agreements. If the Terri-
tory of Colorado, now seeking admission into
the Union, was required by Congress to ratify
the fifteenth amendment as a condition-pre-
cedent, and having done so was afterward
admitted, would any one doubt that such rati-
fication would be legal and binding?
But I come now to consider the declaration,
that requiring the late rebel States to ratify the
amendments as conditions to their restora-
tion was coercion and duress that rendered
their action null and void, and that the right
to representation in Congress was absolute, and
unaffected by participating in the rebellion.
If the people of the loyal States had a right
to prescribe any conditions then those con-
tained in the amendments were legitimate and
proper. They were reasonable, just in them-
selves, and were considered vital to the safety
of the nation. If, therefore, the right existed
to prescribe these conditions it was not coer-
cion or duress to require compliance with
them. If I have the right to prescribe the
terms upon which I will convey my house to
my neighbor it cannot be coercion or duress
when he accepts them, and to give to this
transaction the slightest color of coercion or
duress it must be made to appear that the
southern States and the people of the south-
ern States lost no rights under the Constitu-
tion by going into the rebellion, and that im-
mediately upon their defeat they had a right
to resume their high places in the Govern-
ment they had just failed to destroy. And this
argument, pushed to its conclusions, would
entitle them to representation at. the very time
they were prosecuting the rebellion, for it
cannot be urged with any show of reason that
defeat in battle and submission to superior
power has the effect to restore a constitu-
tional right that has been lost. The rebel
States were in nowise compelled to ratify the
amendments. They could ratify them and be
restored, or refuse to ratify them and remain
in the condition in which they had placed
themselves. Their situation was entirely of
their own making. They had voluntarily, and
against the prayers of all loyal men, withdrawn
their Senators and Representatives from Con-
gress, and attempted to cut loose from the
Government; and if we had left them for ati
indefinite period to lie in their bed as they had
made it they could not have justly complained.
But, not asking indemnity for the past, we said
to them give us security for the future and we
will restore you to the full fraternity of the
Republic. They gladly responded to th* offer,
and byoverwhelming majorities in every State,
and with the assurances of good faith, accepted
