1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
186&
report in favor of long numbers of this pub-
lication ; but it seems to be demanded by the
House and by a great many members of the
Senate. We have therefore followed the cus-
tom. I ask for the present consideration of
the resolution;
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing, which has been stated by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the Senator
from Rhode Island how many copies, under
the apportionment provided for by this resolu-
tion, will be furnished to each member of the
House, and how many copies to each member
of the Senate?
Mr. ANTHONY. The members of the House
will get by this amendment, I suppose, about
seven hundred copies each, and Senators about
two hundred and fifty. There has always been
an inequality in this respect.
Mr. HAMLIN. For the purpose of testing
the sense of the Senate I will move to strike
out "one hundred and seventy-five thousand "
and insert "one hundred and fifty thousand "
as the number for the House of Representatives.
If this amendment shall obtain, I will then
move to increase the Senate's proportion by
adding twenty-five thousand. My motion is
really to transfer twenty-five thousand now
going to the House to the Senate; and if that
motion shall obtain, each Senator will still
have a very considerable number less of copies
than each member of the House. I cannot
conceive any rule of right, of equity, or any-
thing else, that does not entitle e^ch Senator
to an equal number with each member of the
House; and when we reflectthattwo Senators
have a whole broad State over which they are
compelled to circulate the copies furnished to
them, and that each member of the House has
but a single district, it would be much nearer
equity to reverse it, and to give to each Senator
seven hundred copies and to each member of
the House two hundred and fifty. You have
the cart before the horse here; I think we had
better reverse it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine. The Committee on Printing
recommend that of the number to be printed
one hundred and seventy-five thousand shall
be allowed to the House of Representatives,
twenty-five thousand to the Senate, and twenty-
five thousand to the Commissioner of Agri-
culture. The Senator from Maine moves to
amend the amendment of the committee so as
to make the number for the House of Repre-
sentatives one hundred and fifty thousand and
the number for the Senate fifty thousand
copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think wo had better not
do that. The committee have followed the
universal custom. The House of Represent-
atives have always had much more than the
Senate of this one publication. There are pub-
lications of which members of the Senate have
more per capita than members of the House.
The House frequently send us resolutions in
which they ask for the publication of docu-
ments, giving two to the House to one to the
Senate. In the case reported just before this
five thousand copies of the document were
vobd for the House of Representatives and
but twenty five hundred for the Senate. This
is book which is a great favorite with the
House, and members count very largely u[30n
the.r numbers. I think even the reduction
proposed by the committee will give great dis-
satisfaction in the House. That reduction,
however, only reduces the total to the num-
bers of last year, and the committee have
determined not to increase any printing. We
want to cut it down. We have taken five
thousand from the House and put that num-
ber on to the Senate so as to reduce somewhat
the inequality between the two. There are
very important publications of which the Sen-
ate have more than the members of the House,
as the Congressional Globe, for example.
Mr. POMEROY. I will change my Globes
any day for agricultural reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will take all the Senator
has to give at that rate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know how it
may be with others; but I am certain that
I have fire applications for the agricultural
report where any member of the House from
the State of Michigan has one. I am with the
Senator from Maine. I always run out of this
book in a month. Certainly two months after
it is issued I have none.
Mr. POMEROY. I find it impossible to fill
the orders of gentlemen who write to me per-
sonally, not only from my own State, but some-
times from foreign countries. It is impossible
to supply the demand that I have almost daily
for the agricultural reports. I insist upon it
that it is not right for each of us to have a less
number than a member of the House or a Dele-
gate from a Territory. There is no sense in
such an arrangement.
Mr. ANTHONY. We cannot undertake to
supply the demand. If we undertake to sup-
ply the demand for books that are given away
we shall exhaust the Treasury. I have no
doubt if w§ printed Robinson Crusoe there
would be an immense demand for it. This
objection is frequently brought up to a small
number of a document being ordered, that it
will not equal the demand. You never will
have a supply to equal the demand for books
if they are given away: but if these books
were printed, as I think they ought to be, for
sale at about two thirds of the cost of pub-
lication, the Government assuming oue third
and the people who want them enough to pay
for two thirds being allowed to take them at
that price, then I should not care how many
were printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Printing having moved as an amendment
to make the number one hundred and seventy-
five thousand for the House of Representatives
and twenty-fi.ve thousand for the Senate, the
Senator from Maine moves to amend the
amendment by making the number one hun-
dred and fifty thousand for the House and fifty
thousand for the Senate. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The VIQE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the House resolution as
amended.
The resolution, as amended, was con-
curred in.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to call up a resolution
I offered yesterday unless there be.some reso-
lution to be presented this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky obtained the floor, claiming it, and
moves that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution offered by himself
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if the second read-
ing of House bills does not come in before
Senate resolutions?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill referred
to having been laid before the Senate by the
Presiding Officer, it can only be reached again
by a vote. ...
Mr. SHERMAN. After the morning busi-
neThe VICE 'PRESIDENT. Yes, sir. The
Senator from Ohio did not claim the floor
when resolutions were called for, and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky did. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to proceed to the considera-
tion of the resolution offered by himself yes-
terday in regard to an investigation of the
affairs of the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to proceed to the consideration of this resolu-
tion. Doe3 the Senator desire that it be
reported to the Senate ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I wish it reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Davis yesterday as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pacific Rail-,
road investigate and report the state of indebted-
ness between the United States Government and the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, and particularly
tlie amount of money and land subsidies voted to it
by Congress, the amount of bonds, by classes, issued
by said company, and the amount of which Congress
gu-arahtied the payment of principal and interest,
the amount of bonds of all classes sold by said com-
pany, and the amount realized by their sale, the
amount owingby said company to the United States
for in terest paid on said bonds, and when those arrears
severally occurred what disposition was made by
said company of the proceeds of their bonds sold,
what amounts of money or property said company
has distributed among its stockholders, with the
dates, and from what sources tho money came, all
the transactions between said company and an organ-
ization called " the Crfiait Mobilier," and what was
that " Credit Mobilier," and who composed it.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire if that resolution
does not come up now regularly, and of course
in the order of the morning business, without
a specific motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions that
go over under the rule, being objected to,
and bills that go over under the rule are only
reached'by a motion in the Senate afterward.
They do not come up as a matter of right,
but they are reached by a vote, precisely as
the Senator from Ohio desires to reach the
bill alluded to by him. The bills and the reso-
lutions are on the table of the Vice President.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of ray resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution just read.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me suggest to the
Senator that we are so near the close of the
session that this committee cannot investigate
it; and this will not be the committee for the
next session.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the subject. I
do not want any light from the honorable Sen-
ator. I have plenty of it.
Mr. PO MEROY. The next session we shall
have new committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Bayard, Blair, Casserly,-
Davis, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland. Johnston,
McCreery, Miller, Saulsbury, Stearns, and Wil-
son—13. _
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low. Buckingham. Cattell. Chandler, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hain-
lin, Harlan. Harris, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey.Rovels,
Rice. Sawyer. Scott. Sherman, andWilley—29.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Cameron. Carpenter, Conklmg,
Edmunds. Ferry, Flan/igan, Hill, Howard, Howell,
Kciiogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patter-
son. Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Ross, Sehurz, Spencer,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Xhayer, Inur-
man,Tipton, Trumbull, Vickerrf, Warner, Wilhanis,
and Yates—32.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
CINCINNATI AND SOUTHERN RAILWAY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move the formal
second reading of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the following House bill
Mr. DAVIS. I oppose that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only ask that it be read
by its title. mi
Mr. DAVIS. That is debatable. The ques-
tion is whether it shall be read or not.
