1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the terms that were prescribed; and having
accepted the terms without protest how absurd
is it for other States to plead that:their action
was under duress and not binding upon them.
But it may be said we offered the rebel States
inducement to ratify the amendments. That
may be true, but inducement is not coercion
or duress. Inducement is the great main-
spring to human action. Teyas was induced
to annexation by the immense adyantages to
arise from union with this, country, but surely
there was no coercion in the ease. States, as
well as individuals, sometimes require induce-
ments to the performance of duty, to the
administration of justice, to the discharge of
obligations imposed upon them by their own
action.
But it is said the southern States should not
have ratified the amendments until after they
had been fully restored. In that case the
inducement to ratify would have been taken
away and they would not have done so, espe-
cially if they had heeded the advice of the
northern Democracy. When it is necessary
for a man to give security for his good behavior
he is required to execute the bond before he
is discharged from custody; he would hardly
do it afterward, and it was_ not reasonable to
suppose the southern States would offer guar-
antees after they had been fully restored to
political power.
The act of Congress passed 1818 contains the
following provisions:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
official notice shall have been received at the
Department of State that any amendment which
heretofore has been, or hereafter may bo, proposed
to the Constitution of the United Stages has been
adopted according to tho provisions of the Consti-
tution, it shall be the duty of the said Secretary of
State forthwith to eause the Said amendment to be
published in the said newspapers authorised to
promulgate the laws, with his certificate, specify-
ing the States by which the same may have been
adopted, and that the same has become valid, to
all intents and purposes, as a part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States."
This constitutes the Secretary of State a
judicial officer to determine and decide upon
the official evidence of the ratification of an
amendment, to the Constitution of the United
States, and if he finds it has been legally and
properly ratified to make proclamation thereof
in the manner prescribed. Prom his decision
there is no appeal, and his adjudication is final.
That power had to be lodged somewhere, and
it has been vested in the Secretary of State.
The joint resolution of the Legislature of
Indiana ratifying the fifteenth amendment,
signed by the presiding officers of the two
houses, duly certified under the seal of the
State in accordance with the law of the State,
was filed with the Secretary. The evidence
was incontrovertible; there was nothing to
impeach it placed before liira, and there couid
be nothing. An appropriation bill passed by
the Legislature of Indiana on the same day,
With the same quorum, and by the same votes,
was afterward contested before the supreme
court of the State and held to be valid, the
court deciding the evidence of the validity of
the act to be perfect, and that nothing could
be received to impeach it for want of a quorum
or by other irregularity.
As before stated, the decision of the Secre-
tary of State was made final by the law, and
no appeal can be taken from it to a .Dem-
ocratic convention or to the accidental major-
ity of a subsequent Legislature. The question
as to whether a constitutional amendment has
been ratified is essentially political, and must
be determined by the political department of
the Government. Like those other questions,
whether a State has a republican form of gov-
ernment, or whether a State lias been properly
admitted into the Union, as in the case of
West Virginia, it must, be determined by Con-
gress or by some officer appointed by a law
of Congress for that purpose: and when so
determined must be acquiesced in by the
courts and the Government, for otherwise
nothing can ever be settled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana will please suspend ; the morn-
ing hour has expired, and the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I move that my colleague be
allowed to procced and conclude his remarks.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
that the unfinished business be passed over
until the Senator from Indiana concludes his
remarks.
Mr. SUMNER. I make no objection. The
unfinished business is the telegraph cable bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but it will
be passed over informally if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears no objection; and the
Senator from Indiana wiil resume his remarks.
Mr. MORTON. But suppose that the Sec-
retary of State had been notified, as he was
not, that objections were made to the suffi-
ciency of the quorum in the Legislature of
Indiana when the resolution ratifying the fif-
teenth amendment was passed, and had under-
taken to do what the supreme court of Indiana
said no court had a right to do, go behind the
enrolled bill, and behind the signatures of the
presiding officers, and inquire into the suffi-
ciency of the quorum, he would have found the
the following state of facts: that the law of
the State provides for the election of one hun-
dred members to the house and fifty members
to the senate, and that the constitution of the
State provides that " two thirds of each house
shall constitute a quorum to do business." The
Democratic leaders assumed that it required
two thirds of all the members authorized by
law to be elected to each house to constitute
the quorum, That was sixty-seven in the house
and thirty-four iu the senate ; and in order to
defeat the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment by breaking the quorum forty members
of tho house and seventeen members of the
senate resigned their seats, thus reducing the
membership in each body to less than two
thirds of the members authorized by law to be
elected. On the other hand, the Republicans
assumed that each house consisted of its actual
membership; that when a member died or
resigned he was no longer to be counted, and
that two thirds of that membership constituted
a quorum.
The Constitution of tho United States pro-
vides that—
" A majority of each House shall constitute a
quorum to do business."
Two thirds of each house is required to con-
stitute a quorum in the State Legislature, but
a majority in each House will constitute a quo-
rum in Congress, and the first question under
each Constitution is, what is the " House," or
how many members does it take to constitute
the " House?" And when that is ascertained
then two thirds of that number will constitute
the quorum in the Legislature and a majority
in Congress.
It.hastoeen solemnly decided that each House
of Congress consists of its actual membership
and not of the whole number of members
authorized by law to be elected ; that when a
Senator or Representative dies or resigns he
is no longer to be counted in determining the
quorum, and that the quotum consists of a
majority of the remaining members, and in this
way varies from day to day, as vacancies occur
by death or resignation or are filled by election
or appointment.
This question was raised in Congress after
the resignation of Senators and Representa-
tives from the southern States at the beginning
of the rebellion, and was decided in accord-
ance with common sense and the necessity of
preserving the Government.
The resolution ratifying the fifteenth amend-
ment in the Indiana Legislature received fifty -
six votes in the? house and twenty-eight in the
senate, the same being a clear majority of all
the members authorized by law .to be elected
to either house.
So much of the joint resolution I am con-
sidering as purports to rescind the act of the
Legislature of Indiana ratifying the fifteenth
amendment is a harmless nullity, and need not
be noticed but for the spirit by which it is ani-
mated. The better opinion is, that after the
Legislature of a State has ratified an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
even before it has been ratified by enough other
States to secure its adoption, the act cannot be
rescinded, on the ground that the power of a
Legislature, as conferred by the Constitution
of the United States, having been once exer-
cised on the particular amendment, has been
exhausted.- But that the Legislature can re-
scind its act of ratification after the amend-
ment has been ratified by three fourths of all
the States and proclaimed according to law,
was never asserted before except by those who
maintained the right of secession.
South Carolina held in 1860 that she could
throw off her constitutional obligations and
secede from the Union by simply repealing
the ordinance by which she ratified the Con-
stitution in 1788; and such seems to have been
the opinion of those who voted for this joint
resolution. Stripped of all pretenses and be-
clouding "whereases," it asserts the naked and
abhorrent doctrine of the right of secession.
It is important that the country should un-
derstand the issue tendered by the Democratic
party: that it proposes to accept nothing that
has been done in the way of reconstruction;
that it repudiates all the terms and guarantees
required of the rebel States as the condition
of their restoration. Not only has it declared,
throught, its conventions, State and national,
that the reconstruction acts of 18G7 were un-
constitutional and void, but it now asserts that
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments are
nullities, and will be by them disregarded
when they come into power.
Men of all parties, who seek repose and the
final settlement of the great questions growing
out of the rebellion, are notified that the pro-
gramme of the Democratic party is revolution
and retrogression. The nullification of the
fifteenth amendment means the robbery from
the colored people of their right to vote.
The nullification of the fourteenth amendment
means the reduction of the colored people of
the southern States to the condition of slaves
to the law; it means to leave the door open
to the assumption of the rebel debt, paying
tho rebels for their slaves and for the repudia-
tion of the national deb;. All these things
are provided against in that amendment, and
there can be no oth£r reason for its nullifica-
tion. Why should any one desire to set it
aside unless it be to accomplish the things
which it forbids?
In stating the position of the Democratic
party I rely upon the expression of opinion in
the Indiana resolutions and upon the vote of
the Democratic members in the other end of
this Capitol, at the last session, against a reso-
lution declaring the validity of the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments. Oil the 11th of
July, 1870. the other House, by a vote of 1:1s
yeas to nays, every Demociutu- member
pie^eut voting nay, adopted the 1'oiiowiug n-s-
olution, ottered by Mr. 1m:uiuss. of New York:
" Jlesoleed, That the fourteenth and fifteenth arti-
cles of amendment to the Constitution of the United
Slates, having lieeu duty ratified by the Legislatures
of t hree fourths of the several Scutes aiv vitlul to
alt iotents and purposes as part ut' tlie Constitution
of the United States, aud as such binding ami obli-
gatory upon the Executive, tlto Oousross, the judi-
ciary, the several States and Territories, and all citi-
zens of the United bcates."
I rely upon these further reasons :
That the adoption of the amendments was
strongly opposed by the Democratic party
in Congress and out of it; that the Demo-
cratic party everywhere denied the power of
Congress to require the late rebel States to
ratify the amendments as a condition to their
restoration; that no Democratic convention,
Legislature, or leading statesman, so far aa I
know, has accepted or admitted the validity
of the amendments. And I may refer to the
additional facta that the State of Kentucky
