1864
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The VICE PRESIDENT. This does not
itivbl've the merits; the motion is to proceed
to the consideration of the bill named, for the
purpose of having it read the second time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the title be read.
Mr. DA.VIS. I inquire of the Chair whether
that is a debatable proposition or not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable
usder the eleventh rule: that is, it is subject
to debate not involving the merits. The motion
to proceed to the consideration of a bill cannot
involve debate on its merits.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, I object
to the second reading of that bill at this time
for this reason: there is a fixe'd purpose to
force that bill through, the Senate this week ;
there is no time to give a bill of the novelty
and importance of that bill any consideration
this week; and therefore I am opposed to its
receiving any further reading.
Now, sir, I will state what the bill is. I am
not going to argue its merits, but I will state
■what the bill is. The Legislature of Ohio have
established a corporation in the city of Wash-
ington. They come here and by this bill ask
Congress to farm out to that corporation, cre-
ated by an act of the Legislature of Ohio, the
State of Kentucky, for the purpose of making
a railroad through the State 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Kentucky that this
is certainly debate on the merits, because it is
explaining what the bill is, what is the intent
of the bill. This has always been ruled to be
debate on the merits.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I do not choose to
proceed under a restricted interpretation of
that rule. I understand that I am authorized
to show any reason, short of debate upon the
merits of the bill, why it should not be read
the second time. I have not prqceeded, and
I do not intend to proceed, to debate the mer-
its of the bill, but I have the rij;ht to state what
th<? bill is. If the Chair decides that I have
not that right, I shall submit to its decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will bear witness to the Chair, him-
self being the judge, that be has so ruled in
regard to all propositions of this character
since he has been the occupant of the Chair.
Itisthe rule he construes, and he is compelled
to construe it by its strict language. He does
not apply it now to the Senator from Kentucky
invidiously, for he has so ruled in regard to
Senators on all sides of the Chamber with
regard to all propositions of this kind.
. Mr. DAVIS. I have no idea that the Chair
did me the least injustice. If that be the ruling,
all I have to do is to submit to it, which I
cheerfully do.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I ask is the formal
second reading of the bill, and then it may go
over until to-morrow, on the objection of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. If the bill is to be read, I give
notice that I shall ask that it be read in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. If the bill is to be read at all,
I ask that it be read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will now
have its second reading. The Senator from
Kentucky demands that the bill be read in full.
The bill will therefore be read at length.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill
(H. R. No. 3070) to promote the construction
of the Cincinnati and Southern railway.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order. According to the usage of the Senate
the reading at length must be proceeded with
when we can consider a bill. This is the sec-
ond reading, when we do not consider it, and
the second reading should be aud is usually by
the title.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
overrule the point of order, because on the
second reading of the bill, unless the conclu-
sion of the morning hour should prevent, it
will be before the Senate for its action as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. But the Senator from
Ohio has announced his purpose not to con-
sider it to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. I only want
its fdrmal second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Still it is before
the Senate, and any Senator has a right to
demand the reading of a bill upon which he
is to vote.
Mr. POMEROY. Has he that right on the
first reading?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That point _ is
not now involved. The Chair does not decide
points that do not arise. The Secretary will
resume the reading the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; go ahead.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill, but before concluding,
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
Senator from Kentucky is tvilling to withdraw
the call for the reading of the bill with the
understanding that I shall not call it up for
action to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the call; the bill
is not to come up to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the hill goes over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has had
its second reading, and will go upon the Cal-
endar.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War com-
municating a report of the chief engineers
upon the proposed improvements of the Mis-
sissippi river from Alton to the raouth of the
Maramec river; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the-Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 1185) to provide for the appointment of
an additional judge of the district court of the
Slate of Alabama, and for other purposes. I
will say to the Senate that this is a matter of
very great interest to the people of my State,
of all parties and of all classes ; and as this is
the only time I have asked the attention of
the Senate I hope we may have a vote on this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Alabama.
The questiofl being put, a divi|ion was
called for.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to say a word in
regard to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that he cannot debate the
merits of the bill on a motion to proceed to
its consideration.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask that the bill be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a Sen-
ator's right previous to a vote being taken on
a moiion to proceed to its consideratiou.
The bill was read.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senate will not
at this late hour of the session proceed to the
consideration of this bill. If it does, I give
notice that it will require a great deal of time,
for I shall speak upon it at length. I must
say that there is no necessity for an additional
judg.e in Alabama. The present judge there
is able to perform the duties of the office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Alabama that what
he is now saying is debate on the merits of the
bill. He is considering the question whether
there is or is not a necessity for another judge
in Alabama. The question is on the motion
to take^p this bill, on which question a divis-
ion has been called for.
Mr. WALiNER. I simply desire to say be-
fore that vote is taken that this is the only
opportunity we shall have to consider this bill;
that it has been reported by the Committee on
the Judiciarythat we have already passed a
similar bill for the State of Arkangas; that th ere
is much more need for such a bill in Alabama
than there was in that case. In our State the
district judge, who is Judge Busteed, has both
district and circuit court jurisdiction. I ex-
pected he would find one champion on this
floor.
Mr. FOWLER. I will make a suggestion
to the Senators from Alabama, that they recon-
cile this matter between themselves, while I
ask the Senate to consider Senate bill No. 918.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from Alabama, the Sen-
ator from Tennessee asks unanimous consent
for the consideration of Senate bill No. 018.
Mr. WARNER. I ask for a vote on my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama objects to the unanimous consent
asked for by the Senator from Tennessee. The
question is on proceeding to the consideration
of the bill moved by the Senator from Ala-
bama.
Mr. SPENCER. I call for the yeas and
nays. ['"Oh, no!"] Well, I withdraw the call
and insist on a division.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 24.
Mr. WARNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Casserly, Cragin,
Harris, Hill, Johnston, Lewis, McDonald, Miller,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Hovels, Rice, Scott,
Sherman, Tburman, and Warner—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cole, Corbett, Davis, denton.
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Howe, McCreery, Ross, Sauisbury, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stearns, Trumbull, Vickers, and \V lliey—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cattell,Chandler, Conkhng, Edmunds, Ferry, Flan-
agan, Hamiin, Harlan, Howard, Howell, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pat-
terson, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson, Schurz, Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired, and the Senate proceeds to the
consideration of the deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. We must go on with the regular
order.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask the consent of
the chairman of the committee to call up a
bill to supply a defect in the law providing for
holding district courts of the United States
at Evansville and New Albany. That law has
gone into operation, but owing to a defect in
it, it will fail unless this bill is passed. It
will cause no debate, and I ask that it may be
considered now.
Mr. COLE. I am very sorry to say that
there are a good many other bills in the same
predicament, and it will be impossible, as the
Senator sees, for me to consent. I must insist
on the regular order, unless the Senate order
otherwise.
Mr. MORTON. I imagine that there is no
other bill in the same predicament.
Mr. ABBOTT. I have three or four bills
that I desire to call up.
Mr. MORTON. The courts cannot be held
in Indiana as provided by law unless this bill
be passed. 1 am sure there will be no debate
on it.
Mr. WILSON. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his objection
Mr. WILSON. I cannot.
Mr. COLE. I am appealed to on one side
to yield and on the other side not to yield.
The Senate seems divided.
IheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana and other Senators who desire to
have bills taken up can only reach thena by
the postponement of the deficiency bill for the
purp®s« stated.
Mr. MORTON. I never object myself to
