1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
an amplification of this kind, and I trust other
Senators will not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves to postpone the consideration
of the deficiency bill for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN INDIANA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration Of the bill (H. R.
No. 2925) to amend an act entitled " An act
to require the holding of additional district
and circuit courts of the United States in the
district of Indiana,, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment', ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HO0SE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 2615) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the concurrent resolution of
the Senate in relation to the printing of treaties
and conventions.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 381) granting lands
to aid the construction of a railroad from the
western boundary of Minnesota, at the junc-
tion of the Sioux Wood river, with the Red
River of the North, to the Winnipeg district of
British America, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 892) to provide for
a building suited to the use of the post office,
the pension and revenue officers, and the judi-
cial officers of the United States, in the city of
Trenton, New Jersey.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (H. R.' No. 3072)
to amend "An act to fix the times for the
regular meetings of Congress," passed Janu-
ary 22, 18G7, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may now proceed
with the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the deficiency bill,
which lost its place by vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how this other
bill came in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It came in by a
vote of the Senate postponing the deficiency
bill.
Mr. COLE. I did not know sueh a vote had
been taken, and I was in my seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The deficiency bill hav-
ing been postponed, of course has now no
precedence before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Senator
from California has moved to resume its con-
sideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that he has
made that motion; but I was going to say to
the Senate that I did not see why we should
now allow the deficiency bill to come up, and
I wished to give a reason why it should not
come up. The Senate has, by a vote, just
postponed it for the purpose of passing the
bill for the appointment of some clerks to
courts in Indiana. I will state to the Senate
that I have charge of some dozen bills, in
which I have no personal interest whatever.
They are bills in which every State, and the
constituents of every Senator, are interested.
There is one lying on my table now that I
have struggled to get the floor in order to call
the attention of the Senate to, to further the
administration of justice. It is.A bill to pre-
vent the dismissal of cases for little technical-
ities in the Supreme Court, which are being
dismissed every day because a bill of excep-
tions is not properly signed, or for some reason
of that kind.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Tennessee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not yield at this
point. If the Senator from Tennessee will
hear me for a minute longer I shall he through.
I do not propose to take up much time ; I
merely wish to say to the Senate that I have
charge of several bills from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, of which this is one, to cure technical
defects so that justice may be administered
throughout the country and causes not dis-
missed for mere technicalities, as is now being
done in the United States courts, and in the
Supreme Court here particularly; a bill, I am
sure, that will be beneficial to the whole coun-
try. There are other bills. Now, there is no
opportunity to consider these bills. There is
a struggle here in the morning, in which I do
not choose to enter, a dozen Senators spring-
ing to their feet, seeking to call a particular
bill. An appeal is made on the one side and
then on the other side to give way ; and so our
time is consumed.
1 have no interest in these bills more than
the rest of the country. The committee of
which I have the honor to be chairman has
spent mnch time in maturing them. Some of
them have passed the House and have been
recommended by the committee to be passed
by the Senate. Others are pending with amend-
ments, slight amendments, perhaps, but they
ought to be passed. A good deal of labor has
been put upon them. Now, will the Senate
consider them? There is no time to do it
after to-day. I will not ask that they be con-
sidered at this moment, but I make this appeal
to the Senate, and it is the only one I mean
to make—if the Senate does not wish to con-
sider these bills concerning the public interest
so be it—I ask the Senate to-night, when it
shall assemble, to allow us an hour of its time
to be taken in calling attention to these bills.
If they lead to any considerable debate, of
course they will have to be laid aside. Such
a bill as I mentioned just now I think would
not be discussed at all. There are some of
these bills that ought to be passed promptly.
Now, I ask the Senate to order that when it
shall assemble this evening the time shall be
devoted for an hour to the consideration of
such bills from the Judiciary Committee as
there may be no protracted debate upon. I
hope the Senate will allow that to be done,
and I submit a motion to that effect if it be in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks that at the commencement of the
evening session this evening one hour be as-
signed for the. consideration of bills from the
Committee on the Judiciary. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. COLE. There is. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from California, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the deficiency
bill.
Mr. COLE. If there is not time to consider
the appropriation bills, and particularly the
deficiency bill, there is certainly not tune to
consider any other bill before this body. There
are two or three appropriation bills yet back.
The deficiency bill is to meet the deficiencies
of the present fiscal year, and it is indispens-
able that that bill should pass. There is more
necessity for its passage than for the passage
of any other bill. All the rest of the appro-
priation bills apply to the next fiscal year;
the deficiency bill applies to the present fiscal
year, and I ask the Senate to stand by me and
allow it to be taken up and that we may go on
with it. We have enough time yet before us,
if we are disposed to work, to get through with
the rest of the appropriation bills. I move to
take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall certainly sustain
the Senator from California, but I wish to sug-
gest that both Senators can be accommodated
if we meet at half past six instead of at half past
seven this evening. That will give the Sen-
ator from Illinois, for business of very , great
importance, the hour that we shall save from
our dinners. I think you can afford to do
tha>t.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks for an order, by unan-
imous consent, that the Senate meet this even-
ing at half past six o'clock, the first hour of
the evening session to be assigned for the con-
sideration of reports of the Committee on the
Judiciary. Is there objection 1
Mr. CASSERLY. I object. I have no objec-
tion to an early session, provided the hour is
for any bills that Senators can get the floor to
present, but I am opposed to appropriating it
to any one committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is my intention to
bring up the river and harbor bill this evening,
and 1 should be sorry to see the time assigned
to other business. It is nnderstood between
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations and myself that the river and harbor
bill shall succeed the appropriation bill now
under consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Chair what is the regular order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
was the deficiency appropriation bill; but that,
was postponed ou the motion of the Senator
from Indiana to consider another bill, and it
thereby lost its place ; whereupon the Senator
from California, who had voted in the minority
against the postponement, moved to proceed
again to the consideration of the deficiency
bill, which is the pending motion.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest whether we can-
not, this evening, give a couple of hours to the
Calendar, calling and considering unobjected
bills, or those on which there shall be no
extended debate, in order that a great many
measures, to wliich there is no objection, may
be passed before the session closes. If we
could do that by meeting here at six o'clock
and devoting a couple of hours to a call of the
Calendar, it would accommodate more Sen-
ators and do more business of public interest
than any other course we could take.
Th® VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama asks unanimous consent to an order
that the Senate meet at six o'clock this even-
ing and devote two hours to the consideration
of bills on the Calendar unobjected to.
Mr. SAWYER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection ia
made.
Mr. FOWLER. I think if the Chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations would give
us an hour or an hour and a half some time to
consider bills that we are interested in, he
would gain time by doing it and prevent this
discussion that takes place continually. We
are willing to stand by him, but not to have
this eternal talk, because we could pass these
little bills in the time thatis consumed in talk-
ing about what we should do. I thiuk he
should consent to give us an hour or an hour
and a half.
Mr. POMEROY. I take it that any re-
marks are in order upon this motion, short of
the merits of the bill proposed to be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
ruled otherwise, but his decision is subject to
appeal to the Senate. The eleventh rule pro-
hibits debate on the merits of a bill proposed
to be considered during the pendency oi a
