1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
the general question cf the annexation of ter-
ritory. It involves this question: whether
when territory that is desirable is offered to us,
desires to become a part of the United States,
lying contiguous or nearly so to this continent,
it shall be received ; whether, when the applica-
tion is made by our neighbors to join with us
in the blessings of our tree institutions and to
share with us the grandeur of our great Repub-
lic, we will consider the question; whether we
will examine to see if the particular acquisi-
tion is desirable ; whether we will inquire if
the people desire it; whether we will inquire
if the country so making application has re-
sources that make it desirable; whether it
is involved in debt, so as to make it objec-
tionable ; whether it is involved in war so as to
endanger the peace of the country. That is
what is presented here now by this resolution.
Now, as to the amendment that comes from
the House of Representatives, I do not think
that changes the resolutions materially either
way. By making the examination at all we
are committed just to this extent; no more:
that when our neighbors apply to be part of
us we will carefully and candidly examine the
question of receiving them. T believe that it
is a part of the destiny of this country, whether
for goo'd or evil, to aunex more territory. I
do not believe in the power of any man, or of
any set of men, or of any party, to prevent
the accomplishment' of that destiny. While
this Republic grows it must expand, it must
increase; it must extend its territory as its
wealth and power increase. That has been
the history of every country while it was attain-
ing its destiny. History does not furnish us an
example of any nation that has risen to power
and prominence which has not during its
growth expanded. It is one of the elements
of growth for a nation to expand, as much
as it is the element of growth in the oak,
which, as it grows, must have room to extend
its trunk and multiply its branches.
That is history. 1 need not appeal to ancient
history. I may take the history of our own
country, and ask what has become of the party
and ol the men that have opposed annexation.
I am not crammed with particular instances
and particular men; but wo can look at the
general question of annexation and see what
we have done. Who would relinquish one
foot of the soil that we have acquired? Who
would relinquish the Alaska purchase? Who
is not glad that we made it? Who would give
up Florida even? Who would give up Texas ;
who California; and who would give up even
Alaska, the most uninviting portion of this
continent, placed far north, almost entirely
unproductive? Have the American people
complained of the$7,000,000 in gold that were
paid for Alaska? Would they give it up for
$7,000,000 now? Would they, or could they,
relinquish a foot of that territory? Do they
honor the Senator from Massachusetts less
because through his exertions principally that
territory was acquired? Has he lost stand-
ing with the American people for that acquisi-
tion? And that acquisition was taken with-
out examination; that acquisition was taken
without the previous sending of a commission
to inquire into the climate, the soil, and the
jsroductions. It is true that it was not as
agreeable a place for commissioners to go to
as is a tropical island. They might have been
snow-bound and frozen in and not have been
able to return. It would not be so easy of
investigation as countries that lie nearerto us.
But even that is held as valuable; valuable
in a military sense; valuable iu a commercial
sense ; valuable for its fisheries; valuable_ for
iis timber; and it will be one of the things
for which the Senator from Massachusetts,
although we hear little of it now, will be
especially honored in the future.
Here, then, is a question, not of annexing
the north pole, not of annexing icebergs, but
of the annexation of what is said to be a fertile
island. We have stories of the marvelous
wealth of this island; of its genial climate; of
its extraordinary productions. We are told
that it will add much to our commerce, and will
gives homes to a large number of our people.
We are told these things. The offer is tendered.
The sole question is, will we investigate it?
My impression is that this island will bear
investigation; that it will bear investigation
better than Alaska would. I think it is per-
fectly safe to examine it. My impression is
that when it is examined we shall all come to
the conclusion that the bargain ought to be
made. While it is a part of the destiny of our
country, while it is in accordance with the prin-
ciples of our party, to allow those people on
this continent who desire to become a part of
us to do so, I object to saying that we will not
examine a proposition which comes to us as
fairly as this does. I say that discussion as to
the particular situation of affairs there, as to
Cabral, as to his proclamations, or the wars
between him and others, is premature. Those
are the questions which we propose to investi-
If the title be clouded, and it is condemned
by those who make the search for the title, the
bargain will not be made. Discussing the ques-
tion of the title to the island, discussing its
situation and the claims of Hayti, is now alto-
gether premature. Suppose we were in nego-
tiation for a farm, a piece of land that we
desired very much, and it were proposed to
have a commission appointed to examine and
report upon the title, would we commence by
discussing beforehand the question of title?
If we had this information before us now we
should be able at once to determine the ques-
tion whether we ought to annex San Domingo
and there would be no use for the commission.
The' commission is to advise us as to this par-
ticular question.
The fact that the American people are in the
market to purchase or annex all the adjoining
land will not be controverted. What is regarded
now as the most foolish thing and the weakest
thing that Mr. Webster ever said, and which
brings a smile whenever it is read, though it
was said in all earnestness, was that California
was a land of volcanoes, abounding in rocks
and rattlesnakes. I have met many gentlemen
from this side of the continent traveling in that
country, and pretty nearly the first thing they
have remarked to me always has been, " Well
now, this country does not look much like the
description we had in the debate on the question
of acquisition ; really, is it possible that men
should have been so misinformed?" That
country was described at utterly worthless on
that occasion ; but the event proved that those
who opposed its acquisition were greatly mis-
taken ; and so those who opposed the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana and of Texas were equally
mistaken. In all those cases, the party opposed
to annexation described the climate and the
soil as utterly worthless, the people as barba-
rians and impossible to be brought under sub-
jection to civilization. The same arguments
that we hear now on this occasion were urged
against all those acquisitions; but we found
that those arguments amounted to nothing;
that those objections were not well taken.
Here we have another application of a
country that is described by the friends of
annexation as next to the garden of Eden,
containing the most desirable productions and
soil and climate that are conceivable. We
have reports and letters from eminent men on
the subject. It is also averred that the people
of that country are anxious to join with us
and be part of this great Republic. Oil the
other hand, it is stated by the opponents of
the measure that it is a land of volcanoes, of
yellow fevers, of wars, and that talking about
its acquisition is simply a "dance of blood."
Now, inasmuch as those who have opposed
all other acquisitions have turned out to be
mistaken, is it not fair to those who desire
this annexation that we should examine the
proposition? Is it not fair, even to those who
have pronounced against it in most vehement
terms ? If it be true that there are s,o many
elements of discord connected withlHhis mat-
ter ; if there are so many things that are
undesirable; if there is so much of war and
of misery, and- of the destruction of human
rights connected with the proposition as is
alleged, is it not right that the question should
be investigated; that a commission should go
to San Domingo, and examine and' report
upon all the circumstances of the case?
I say that all discussion as to these facts in
the consideration of a resolution of inquiry is
out of place; but it is an open question, to be
discussed, whether we ought to have more ter-
ritory. If it be decreed that we shall have no
more territory, if we are done with annexation
under any terms, then it is idle to consider any
proposition having reference to the subject;
but I believe that the men who take that posi-
tion will soon lose power in this country. There
is much more territory that we want, much
more territory that we must necessarily have.
There is territory north as well as south, most
desirable territory, which must necessarily
become a part of this country as this country
grows. However the people of those northern
provinces may think now, however they may
feel now, the time will come when they will
see that their destiny is as a part of ourselves.
They and we must go together.
I believe that the struggles through which
this country has passed for the last ten years
have vindicated the strength of our institu-
tions, have vindicated our capacity for self-
government expanded over a vast continent,'
and that our extension is a matter of safety
rather than of danger. I believe a large coun-
try like ours can maintain republican institu-
tions better than a small one. In my estima-
tion, one of the main difficulties that Prance
has to contend with in maintaining republican
institutions is the small extent of her territory,
and the fact that in one of her cities there are
enough people to overshadow all the rest of
the inhabitants, and concentrated to such an
extent that a revolution there is a revolution
all over the country. In our grand country
revolution may occur here and there, rebel-
lion may come here or there; but there is no
one section, no one city large enough to break
up the local organizations so but that we can
still have government, we can still have local
safety, although there should be dissatisfac-
tion in a particular locality. In our late war
the extent of our territory afforded an oppor-
tunity for local organizations and local State
governments to come into play for the rescue
of the country. The power of the rebellion
could not be exerted upon them; they were
free to act; and the further extension of our
country will leave these same local State organ-
izations free and ready to combine together for
the safety of the whole, and the more of them
you have the more difficult it will be to form a
conspiracy that shall include a majority.
If at this point in our history any American
statesman asks himself this question, "Shall
we acquire no more territory; is no more ter-
ritory desirable; shall we have nothing north;
shall we have nothing south; or shall we at
some time have more?" I think if any man
will put that question to his conscience he will
ascertain what his feelings are; and that is a
pretty good way to ascertain public opinion'.
What do you think about it? Does anybody
think we are not still in the market for more
territory; that our arms are not still rpei: :o
receive our neighbors and allow them W> enjoy
the blessings of freedom with us? Does any
man' think that the time has como when the
doors are closed, and no more are to be admit-
ted and no more to be received? If that is the
case, we ought to vote against this resolution,
because if we do not want to buy wo do not
want to examine any more territory; if we
have a full supply we do not want to buy or
leceive. I use the term "buy" in the sense
that we do not want to allow it to be admitted.
