i28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
But if we make that decision here now it will
not stand; it will be overruled. Propositions
will comef and they will be considered.
■If the Democratic party should ever get in
power—which is not probable—they will find
themselves in a very awkward position on this
question, after having opposed the investiga-
tion of territory lying adjoining that wanted to
eome in. I believe there is no instance in their
record where they have not taken all that was
willing to come, and brought in all they had the
power to take, nolens volens. I have been
accused of belonging to the Democratic party ;
and I will tell you what made me a Democrat.
I was a boy when the discussions occurred as
to the annexation of Texas, as to getting more
land ; and the arguments in favor of expansion
captivated me, I admit; and they are liable to
captivate young men; they are liable to cap-
tivate the country. There has been no issue
ever fairly put to the American people whether
they would have more land where they could
get it on easy terms, and fair terms for all
parties, that they would not take it. There has
never been a time when they have by vote
rejected such a proposition, and the time is
not coming when they will.
Now, we have a great excitement here in
the Senate, and we have had some angry
words in regard to the question whether we
will examine this proposition, and in the
debate we go on to discuss the condition of
things there and anticipate what will be the
result of the investigation, and we talk about
civil wars in this island, great troubles and
blood, and we sometimes ate nearly frightened
out of our propriety by the violent proclama-
tions of one Oabral. There may be such a
person as Cabral, but I sometimes doubt it.
There is too much froth and fury about the
man to have a real existence.
Mr. MOIiTON. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator from Nevada, with his permission, that I
believe there is such a person asCabritl, and 1
am advised and believe it to be true that very
recently he communicated with the United
States minister at Iiayti, saying to him that he
was as much in l'avor of annexation as Baez
was, and so were all his followers, but that he
was opposed to annexation under Baez be-
cause it would result m making Baez governor
of the island, and that Baez would oppress
him and his adherents.
Mr. STEWART. If there is such a man as
Cabral, and oil tho statement of the Senator
from Indiana I would not doubt it, I would
suggest, to Oabral and his followers that if we
annex that country and pursue our traditional
policy we shall likely make it secure for both
Oabral and Baez and all the rest of them. We
shall probably give them good government. It
is certainly for theirintcrost to come under our
protecting laws. There is no people who have
done it who have not been benefited by it. We
have improved them in civilization, we have
given them the benefit of our stable Govern-
ment and our stable laws. If any person has
regard for the people of San Domingo and is
willing to make some sacrifice? for their good,
although ho may not think that this is a very
desirable purchase so far as we are concerned,
he should favor it because it will benelit them
vastly. Their continuous civil wars for hun-
dreds of years have nearly decimated their
population. A stable Government would give
them homes, would give them the means of
education. Equal laws would make them
freemen indeed.
Shall we give those poor people the advan-
tage of our equal laws? The question of an-
nexation now and the question of annexation
previous to the abolition of slavery and the
adoption of those amendments to our Consti-
tution whi,ch secure all men in their equal
rights are two very different questions. Those
who opposed any annexation further south,
those who opposed the annexation of Cuba
because the result would bs to give that isliml
stable laws which would insure the perma-
nency of the slave power, those who opposed
that policy in behalf of liberty, may have had
a good reason for doing so. While slavery
was protected by the strong arm of this Gov-
ernment, protected by the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and no man could
say how or by what power it could be destroyed,
while that condition of things remained, it was
reasonable, as many leading patriots felt, not
to extend our borders over that territory which
would be necessarily slave territory, and there-
by rivet the bonds of slavery upon those people
by bringing them under the strong Constitu-
tion of the American Government. But hap-
pily that Constitution lias been changed ; hap-
pily those laws have been changed; happily
we now extend to all men, without regard to
race or color, the equal protection of geuerous
laws.
Who shall say that our laws and our institu-
tions will not greatly benefit any of the sur-
rounding peoples? What they want is stability
in their institutions; what they want is to be
liberated from the oppression of anarchy,
which results from want of experience, from
want of knowledge, from want of power to
enforce proper laws. But give San Domingo
our.laws and her colored people will be free;
they will be protected. If she conies in as a
Territory Congress will provide by law for the
protection of her people, and so far as they
are concerned they will be very differently
situated from what they are now, or from what
they would be under Spain.
It was perfectly natural that the people of
San Domingo should have resisted the efforts
of Spain to annex them. It was perfectly
natural that that should have been a "dance
of blood." Spain wanted them for slavery,
not for freedom. Spain wanted them as instru-
ments of despotism, not for free education or
to be freemen. They did resist that attempt;
and I glory in that resistance.
But it is now suggested that they desire to
come in under our free institutions and to
enjoy with us the blessings that our people are
enjoying beyond any other. It is suggested
that they have a country which it is desirable
for us to possess. This resolution proposes
to investigate that question. Who shall ob-
ject? Who shall say that that investigation
is a "dance of blood? Who shailsay that that
inquiry means war? It seems to me that that
is the most ridiculous assertion in the world.
It is a mission of peace, of investigation. If
it shall be ascertained that the people of San
Domingo want to come to us, that the country
is desirable, and if then, when Congress have
all the facts before them, and the American
people have had the question before them long
enough to judge of this bargain, or this annexa-
tion, or what it may be called, they shall then
arrive at the conclusion that it is best on the
whole to let San Domingo come in and let her
colored people enjoy the same rights and priv-
ileges that we do, the proposition is that they
shall have ail opportunity of consummating the
transaction.
There is no difficulty in San Domingo about
caste. The people there are not divided up
into classes. There is not so much of slave
master and slave and aristocratic caste down
there. Give them the protection of our laws
and they will all be safe. There is nothing
conceivable that would be of so much benefit
to the black men in those islands as annexa-
tion to the United States; there is nothing
in the world that will go so far to secure their
liberty.
If we should acquire San Domingo and it
should turn out to be a good acquisition—it is
a smail thing, and we have not yet tested these
West India islands—Cuba will follow, all the
other islands there will follow, and we shall have
the whole of the West India islands. It seems
to me that that is inevitable destiny, sooner or
later; but much will depend as to immediate
action in that direction on the result of this
investigation. If the investigation is made,
and it turns out favorably, there is in store
for the people of those islands a future more
bright, more free, and grander than they ever
conceived of before. When the United States
stretches its arm of power over them and pro-
tects them in all the liberties of American citi-
zens, protects them from slavery, protects them
from anarchy, protects them from oppression,
those people may enjoy the richest part of this
habitable globe as no other people ever have
enjoyed that country. It is a future for them
that they never had a right to expect.
To talk about their resistance to annexation
to a European despotism, and then to talk of
their making the same resistance to annexa-
tion to a free llepublic, seems to me to be
absurd on the very face of it. But that fact
can be'ascertained. We can ascertain whether
they know enough of our country to desire to
become a part of us. Whether they do desire
it is the question that is to be solved by this
commission.
It seems to me that a person who goes be-
yond that and discusses the merits ot annex-
ation now must place himself upon the ground
that under no circumstances should we have
annexation; that we will not examine the ques-
tion of annexation. Vote against this resolu-
tion, and you vote that you are so well sat-
isfied that there ought to be no further annex-
ation that you will not even examiue a rea-
sonable proposition to ascertain the facts to
act upon; that the question is so far con-
cluded by the verdict of the American people
that you will not act upon it, you will not
investigate it. Is that the fact? Have the
American people ever by a verdict, rijeeted
any acquisition ? Where is the evidence that
they would reject this, if it turns out on invest-
igation to be a fair proposition ?
I say the persons who take upon themselves
the responsibility of refusing tins investigation
take upon themselves the responsibility of
voting on the general proposition that ques-
tions of annexation are not open questions,
and that we have no right to investigate them.
I am not prepared for that. I shall vote for
this investigation. I do not care anything
about the amendment of the House. It does
not prevent us, from getting the information
which is desired. It does not prevent the sub-
ject from coming before Congress and coin-
ing before the American people in an official
manner.
By voting for this resolution we are com-
mitted to this, and nothing more. We are
committed to saying that the question of an-
nexation is not closed; that a fair proposition
for annexation will be considered by the Uni-
ted States. I want that understood.
I want our Canadian biothers to undeusiand
that whenever they desire free trade with the
United States, whenever they desire to enjoy
the same blessings that we do, whenever they
desire to retain the immigrants that eome iYoiii
Europe to their country, and not have them
come to the United States in order to make a
living as soon as they get there; whenever they
desire prosperity and growth with us, the door
is open ; they can come. We want them to
have that distinctly understood.
I want Mexico to understand that when rhe
has tried the experiment of sell-government
long enough and finally desires that a portion
or all of her territory shall become a part of
the United States, in order that her people mav
become rich, in order that her vast, resources
may be developed, in order that her mines may
be opened, in order that she m.iy have stable
government and protection to life and liijen.y,
we will consider her proposition.
We want Cuba to understand that although
a tropical isle, although now under the hfel of
the most wicked despotism on eart.Ii, although
crushed by a system ot slavery more cruel limn
the Anglo-Saxon ever dreamed of; when she
gets tired ol that, and when she desires the
blessings of free government and free insti-
tutions; when she wants to interchansje her
