1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
because two speeches will have been made on
one side and only one on the other, and, by
way of equalizing the thing, perhaps some Sen-
ator may feel bound to try to achieve equality
in the discussion. Therefore, while I shall be
compelled to vote with the honorable Senator
from California, I beg to say to the Senator
from Missouri that I do it with reluctance, and
only because it seems to me that if he is allowed
to proceed every other member of the body
who asks the same opportuuity will have the
same right.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from New
York is so persuasive that there is no resisting
him. I must at the same time remark that had
not this debate taken place I should probably
before this have said what I have to say. I
withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion
being withdrawn, the unfinished business is
before the Senate.
test-oatii.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the bill (S. No. 218) prescrib-
ing an oath of office to be taken by persons
who participated in the late rebellion but who
are not disqualified from holding office by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, having been presented to
him on the 3d instant, and not having been
approved by him nor returned to the Senate,
in which it originated, within ten days, as
required by the Constitution, had become a
law in accordance with the Constitution.
The President's Secretary also announced
that he had a message in writing to present to
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate,
being the telegraphic cable bill, and the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to limit the charge for messages, pend-
ing which the Chair desires to submit a message
from the President of the United States. If
it gives rise to debate the Chair will reserve it
until to-morrow morning.
The Chief Clerk read the following message
of the President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have this day transmitted to the Senate the
announcement that Senate bill No. 21S, "An act
prescribing an oath of office to be taken by persons
who participated in the late rebellion but who are
not disqualified from holding office by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United States,"
has become a law in the manner prescribed by the
Constitution, without the signature of the President.
If this were a bill for the repeal of the test-oath
required of persons "elected or appointed to offices
of honor or trust" it would meet my approval. The
eifect of the law, however, is to relieve from taking
a prescribed oath all those persons whom it was
intended to exclude from such offices and to require
it from all others. By this law the soldier who fought
and bled for his country is to swear to his loyalty
before assuming official functions, while the gen-
eral who commanded hosts for the overthrow of his
Government is admitted to place without it. I can-
not affix my name to a law which discriminated
against the upholder of his Government.
I believe, however, that it is not wise policy to
keep from office, by an oath, those who are not dis-
qualified by the Constitution and who arc the choice
of legal voters. But while relieving them from an
oath which they cannot take, I recommend the
release also of those to whom the oath has no appli-
catl0n- U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, February 15,1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT If there be no
objection, the message will be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and printed; and
it is so ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. In this connection I desire
leave to introduce a bill.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1344) to repeal an act
of Congress entitled "An act to prescribe an
oath of office, and for other purposes;" which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
oildklt op business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday, being the bill (H. R. No.
2591) relating to telegraphic communications
between the United States and foreign coun-
tries, is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator yield to allow
me to make a motion ?
Mr. NYE. In one moment. I wish to make
an inquiry. At the time I was stopped in the
course of the morning business making reports,
I had laid on the table a bill which it is quite
important should be passed, and I supposed
that the consideration of that bill would be
resumed after the morning business was con-
cluded. I have several other reports to make
from the Committee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire to make reports to go on the Cal-
endar?
Mr. NYE. I want that little bill acted upon
first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
might reserve it, as the Senator from Indiana
did the resolution of the Legislature of his
State, until to-morrow morning, when it will
be properly in order to report it and ask for its
present consideration, there being no notice
given of any remarks to be made to-morrow
morning. If the Senator has other reports to
make, the Chair will receive them and have
them placed on the Calendar.
Mr. NYE. There are only two or three
other little matters that I want to pass imme-
diately. I will make those reports in the morn-
ing.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] is entitled to the floor on the
amendment offered by him to the bill which is
the unfinished business, if he claims it.
Mr. NYE. I trust it will not be forgotten
by the Senate that this day was assigned to
the Committee on Territories. I am exceed-
ingly anxious to accommodate the honorable
Senator from California, and if it can be done
in this way I will agree to it: let the bills of
the Committee on Territories come up, and
then let them be informally laid aside to enable
him to proceed with the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Sen-
ate, and that would also have to be laid aside
before the order made by the Senator could
operate for to-day.
Mr. NYE. Then I will yield to the Senator
from California.
Mr. COLE. I submit a motion to postpone
the present and all prior orders and take up
the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday being before the Senate,
and this day having been assigned to the Com-
mittee on Territories, the Senator from Cali-
fornia now moves to postpone the pending and
all other orders and proceed to the consider-
ation of the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal now to the Sen-
ator to allow a vote to be taken on the pending
bill. It is an important measure. I have no
desire to say a word upon it. I do not know
that there is any disposition anywhere to say
a word upon it, and I hope the Senator will
allow a vote to be taken. Then I shall have
nothing further to say on the business of my
committee to-day.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will consent
that it shall be passed over if any discussion
arises, of course I shall not stand in the way
of a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take up the
appropriation bill first.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in
mind that the other measure is now pending
before the Senate; and all I ask is the action
of the Senate. I do not wish to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California iusist on his motion?
Mr. COLE. If any debate arises 1 hope the
Senator from Massachusetts will not insist on
considering his bill.
Mr. NYE. There will be debate upon it.
Mr. COLE. Then I insist on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. CAMERON. As there will probably
be some discussion on the bill which the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
desires to have considered, I wish to bring
before the Senate a bill from the same com-
mittee, which I trust will not occupy any time,
and I shall be very glad if the Senator from
California will allow me now to bring up the
bill to fix the place for the centennial cele-
bration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Pennsylvania desires unanimous consent,
pending the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, to consider the bill fixing the place
for the centennial celebration of American
independence. Is there objection?
Mr. COLE. There is objection. Imustobject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say to the
Senate that I have come up here several days,
at a great deal of pain and inconvenience to
myself, in order to call up that bill, because
my constituents have a great deal of feeling
about it. I trust, therefore, that Senators will
allow me to have a vote upon it to-day.
Mr. PENTON. I rise to request the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania to delav
his motion, if he will, for a short time, until
the chairman of the Committee on Manufac-
tures is in his seat. I am not certain but that
he has some proposition to submit concurrent
with this bill reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, possibly an amendment
thereto. I do not see him in his place now.
Mr. CAMERON. I should certainly give
way for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Califor-
nia, as he objects to any other business except
the motion which he has propounded to the
Senate, to postpone the present and all other
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be borne in mind
that there was an assignment made for the
bills of the Committee on Foreign Relations
to take eifect at one o'clock yesterday ; that
owing to the pendency of unfinished business
of the day before there was no opportunity to
proceed under that assignment till about four
o'clock. Therefore, three hours that belonged
to that committee under the assignment made
were lost. The committee only had the re-
mainder of the afternoon ; and at the time uf
the adjournment there was an important bill
pending which has already passed the other
House, general in its character, applicable to
cables. Now I have to submit that that bill
be acted upon. If the Senate will vote upon
it, that is all that I ask; I shall then have
discharged my duty. But I feel that 1 should
not have discharged my duty if I did not aslc
the Senate to vote upon that important bill.
In the natural course of things it would have
been considered yesterday under the assign-
ment made had not the rule of unfinished
business prevailed for three hours during the
afternoon. Under those circumstances, I think
that I do not ask too much if I ask that the
Senate should act on that measure which re-
mained over, which was actually under con-
sideration at the time of adjournment. When
that is done I shall have nothing further to say.
I appeal to the Senate to allow action on that
measure. It may take five minutes, ten min-
utes, or fifteen minutes, but I do not think it
can take much more than that.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
from California to give fifteen minute-;, -jiitil
half past one o'clock.
