1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
Mr. SUMNER. I think we can get a vote
iu that time.
Mr. COLE. The Senator had yesterday, and
now runs his business over into this day. That
he did not have all the day yesterday was cer-
tainly in great part his own fault, because he
sat quietly by and permitted business that con-
sumed most of the time to go on.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
I could not interfere. It was in order as
unfinished business.
Mr. NYE. We had yesterday more than
two hours devoted to this Committee on For-
eign Relations, and not one single bill passed,
I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes, one.
Mr. NYE. One bill passed. It was to pay
some foreign consul, or somebody who made
a treaty away back at a time that the memory
of man runneth not to the contrary. At last
the Senator struck a bill which he claimed to
be of the most vital importance, and which is
a bill of great importance, and he now seeks
to hurry it through without any discussion or
debate, which I cannot conscientiously con-
sent to. I have some opposition to make to
his bill, and I think the Senate will have.
Now, sir, I have had this day assigned to
me, as chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, for business that is important, and very
important to the Territories and to the coun-
try, and I submit that I should not be put aside
in order to have any more of these Trist games
played, or to take up a bill of no more import-
ance than that for the relief of Mr. Otter-
bourg yesterday. The committee did not know
what position he occupied; a sort of inde-
scribable, unknown position; but that bill took
a discussion of an hour or two, in which time
I could have passed these important bills in
■ relation to the Territories, and which their in-
terests require should be passed. I submit
that it is not treating the Committee on Ter-
ritories with fairness to delay these matters
any longer. The business of the Committee
on Foreigu Relations will keep, at least better
than these special demands that are made upon
Congress for such legislation as the Territories
immediately require.
Now, sir, the old telegraphic systen. is per-
fect. The companies charge us what they
please. My honorable friend from Massachu-
setts and friends around me complain because
I seek to get a lower bill of fare. I am con-
sidered factious on that score. Sir, I shall
labor as hard as 1 know how, if we are going
to have these telegraphic wires laid down, to
place them under the control of the Congress
of the United States, so that the freights and
fares and tolls they are going to charge us
shall be made certain. I have one word to
say on that subject to show how completely
we are hoodwinked by these telegraph com-
panies 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me one moment?
Mr. NYE. We have already spent more
time in discussing what we shall take up than
it would take to pass all the bills that I want
to pass.
Mr, CAMERON. I desire to give notice
of my intention to call up the bill to which I
have referred to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield to the Senator trom
Pennsylvania'.'
Mr. NYE. I want to say to my friend from
Pennsylvania that I will do anything for him ;
but it is live years before the ceuteuuial cele-
bration is to take place, and there is no hurry
about it now. I will relieve my friend on one
point; I am for Philadelphia, and that is all
he cares about. Everybody is for Philadel-
phia, I presume; and now let us pass some-
thing that is to operate in less than five years
from this time.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me to give the notice I shall then vote^with
him. 1 give notice that to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock I shall endeavor to bring up the
bill to fix the place for the centennial celebra-
tion of American independence.
Mr. PENTON. After the morning business.
Mr. CAMERON. After the morning busi-
ness, of course, but during that hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania gives notice that to-morrow at
half past twelve o'clock, or as soon as the
morning business shall be concluded, he will
endeavor to procure action on the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations on the bill
in relation to the centennial celebration of
American independence.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I will support my
friend from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me that the appro-
priation bills are far more pressing than the
immediate passage of the bill now pending.
I say to the Senator from Massachusetts that
I shall interpose no objection to taking it up
when it does not interfere with more important
business, but I submit that it is not dealing
quite fairly with these important measures
from the Committee on Territories to have this
single question, that can be taken up at any
moment, absorb the time and attention of the
Senate with these more pressing demands
upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. I am very sorry that the
action of the Senator from Nevada, whether
he intends it or not, is to delay, if not to
defeat, the passage of this general telegraphic
measure. I thought we should have come to
a vote last night on the subject, and I should
be very glad now if a vote could be taken [
without further debate. I desire to see this j
question settled in this respect: that it is not j
to be a subject of special legislation. The !,
Senator from Nevada spoke yesterday about j'
my being solicitous for the passage of this bill.
I am in this degree, and to this extent, and li
for this reason, and for no other: there are ii
before this body some six or eight propositions
to create oceanic telegraphs and to subsidize
them out of the public lands or the public
Treasury. I wish to see a quietus given to
all such propositions, and therefore I desire
to see some general law passed, even if it.
were in my opinion an incomplete law, which
should nevertheless indicate to all men that it
was lawful, under reasonable regulations, to
lay down telegraph cables to any portion ot
this country they please, to connect with any
other country they please.
I do not wish to speak harshly of pending
measures, but I say I desire to see the public
Treasury rescued irom the possibility of the
passage of these subsidy bills for layiug tele-
graphs elsewhere. There are, as I am assured,
large numbers of capitalists willing and ready
without subsidy, to enter into the operation of
telegraphs under this general law. I trust,
therefore 
Mr. COLE. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California rises to a question of order. The
Senator from Delaware will suspend his re-
marks.
Mr. COLE. My point of order is that the
merits of the telegraph bill are not before the
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I was not aware that I was
discussing the merits. If so, I shall discuss
them no longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is com-
pelled, however, to overrule the point of order
of the Senator from California. The motion
is to postpone the telegraph bill, and that
certainly is debatable. The Senator from
Delaware is in order under the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I should be very sorry to
violate the rule, and I am very glad that I
have not done so yet. I say that it is very
important that some declaration of opinion by
Congress should be made upon this subject.
I do not mean to say that the measure pro-
posed is the best that could be suggested. In
my desire to have some law passed I was will-
ing to take the bill as it came from the Hoase
of Representatives. But I do say that for the
purpose of the public interest, of the com-
mercial interests of the country, there is no
measure that demands instant attention at the
hands of Congress more than the very one now
before the Senate, the one which it is proposed
to postpone. I trust, therefore, that the bill
will be considered, that the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Nevada may be justly
considered, and that we may have a speedy
vote, first upon it, and next upon the whole
measure, saying in advance that I shall vote
against his amendment; and yet I would vote
for the bill with it iu. However, I shall dis-
cuss that matter should the Senate decide to
take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California,
to postpone the present and all other orders
for the purpose of considering the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, 1 make another appeal
for a vote on the pending measure. I do not
wish to say anything on the amendment of the
Senator from Nevada. Let the Senate judge.
It is very plain. They understand it, and let
them vote upon it. If the Senate adopt it,
I then let them proceed with the bill; and I pre-
| sume the bill will be passed. Should the Sen-
; ate reject it, then let the bill be passed. I only
: appeal to my friend from Nevada not to kill
' the bill, because the etfect of interposing his
objection at this moment is to kill the bill.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator has put
amendments on it himself.
Mr. SUMNER. Only one.
Mr. NYE. Well, that is all I propose.
Mr. SCMNER. But the Senator objects to
proceeding with the bill now.
i Mr. NYE. I do.
! Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I say the effect
i of that is to kill the bill. I hope the Senate
| will not proceed with the appropriation bill
| until thev have finished the pending measure.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
| on the motion of the Senator from California.
' The motion was agreed to ; there being, on a
: division—ayes 25, noes 13.
| OHIO RIVER BRIDGES,
j Mr. THURMAN. Before the appropriation
: bill is proceeded with I desire to make a report.
• ['• Agreed.''] It is a report from the Com-
I mittee on the Judiciary in regard to the bridge
i between Cincinnati and Newport. The Com-
1 mittee on the Judiciary ask to be discharged
I from the further consideration of the joint res-
1 olution (S. R- No. 290) to prevent obstruction
to navigation of the Ohio river and the vari-
ous memorials referred to them with regard to
bridges on the Ohio river, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I
also submit a written report, which I move be
printed. .
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a matter m which
my colleague and I are locally interested. I
see no occasion for referring the subject to any
other committee further. It has been now la
two committees, and I therefore hope the joint
! resolution will go on the Calendar, for I wish
to cail it up.
Mr. THURMAN. But my friend does not
understand the report. The Committee on the
Judiciary consider that nothing but the legal
questions involved were referred to that com-
mittee, and they have made a report in writ-
ing, giving their opinion on the legal questions;
but Uien, as to the.propriety of passing the
joint resolution which was referred to that
committee, that is a question which belongs
to the Committee on Commerce as we sup-
pose, and which has been argued orally and
iu writing before that committee, and upon
which I presume it is ready to decide. It has
not been considered at all by the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remaik that the
