1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
products with us and we with her; when she
wants to go on with us in our grand destiny of
expansion and glory; when she wants to become
a part of our country, the door is open for
receiving the proposition and considering it
honestly and fairly.
1 hese are the questions that we desire to
keep open. If you give a negative vote upon
this resolution, those who come after to ascer-
tain your meaning are not, going to read all
the speeches you make. They will read the
resolution; they will read the President's mes-
sage recommending this; they will read the
facts; and they will say, " Here was a proposi-
tion submitted to the American Congress in the
year 1871, with a vast Republican majority in
both Houses, toconsidertheannexationof one
of these most fertile islandsperhaps I should
qualify that and say a portion of one of these
islands, because otherwise Hayti may think I
am making war on her, and 1 do not intend
any offense to Hayti, and do not intend to
make any war on Hayti. They will say,
Here wa§ a proposition submitted for exam-
ination for the annexation of a portion of one
of these islands, where the people were all
willing and desirous for annexation, where it
was represented that the country was fertile,
that the country was desirable to the United
States, and yet the American Congress, with
a laige Republican majority, voted that they
would not even entertain the question, that
they would not even give it an investigation."
I do not think that that would be a very grat-
ifying precedent to us.
They will say furthermore that this Repub-
lican party did go into one job of annexation ;
they annexed Alaska, a pretty cold contract;
but when they come to consider the annexation
of the portion of an island which would lead
to a great policy, which would inevitably lead
to the consideration of annexation in the West
Indies, and a group of islands of vast extent
and of incalculable wealth, which would have
some bearing upon a grand scheme that has
been discussed by the Democratic party, and
upon which the Democratic leaders have all
committed themselves favorably—forwhen the
Democratic party was in power they were all
for the annexation of Cuba, and they pro-
claimed here and elsewhere tbit annexation
of the West India islauds was desirable, par-
ticularly the annexation of Cuba—when a
proposition squinting that way came before a
Republican Congress, with the investigation
recommended by a Republican President, the
Republicans were so far committed against
considering it that they would not allow a
resolution of inquiry to pass. Would not
that be an agreeable reflection? It certainly
would not unless we intend to stand on that
platform.
But I tell my friends that that will not be the
platform of the American people, although it
may be the platform of this Senate, although
it may be the platform of this Congress. I do
not think it will be even that; but, sir, it will
not be the platform of the American people.
As I said in the beginning, so long as our des-
tiny continues to be growth, so long as it con-
tinues to be prosperity, so long will it continue
to be expansion. No instance in history will
contradict this assertion. The age of the decay
of every nation has commenced with the day
that it gave up territory; but while it grew and
while it prospered it expanded like the mighty
oak. It will be so with us. We shall have to
meet this question of annexation, not only
south but north, in the next twenty years.
Our population, our wealth, our railroad sys-
tem, our manufactures, and our agricultural
resources are all so expanding that the com-
mercial relations of this country to the sur-
rounding provinces will be such that they must
come and go with us. Canada cannot live long
without us ; it is naturally a part of this coun-
try. There is a large portion of Mexico that
• never can be developed without us, that never
Can amount to anything but with us. The peo-
ple will see this. Cuba never can be free and
prosperous until it becomes a part of this
country.
Although we may vote that the question of
annexation is not an open question to-day, it
" will not down." It will always be coming up.
In the language of a very beautiful address by
the Swiss Assembly in regard to the question
of the rights of the negroes, " unsettled ques-
tions have no pity for the repose of mankind."
You may say so of this question of annexation.
As long as any part of this continent remains
unannexed to this country the question will be
open, and will be considered not only by us but
by our children and our children's children.
What I object to is the declaration of a policy
that precludes all idea of ever considering this
question. We expect to consider it now and
hereafter, both south and north. We expect
it to be an open question. All the American
people expect to consider it.
Sir, I shall vote for this resolution in any
shape that it may be presented.
Mr. SCHURZ addressed the Senate at length.
[His speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I have taken
notes of the speech of the Senator from Mis-
souri, and I regret very much that I have not
sufficient time m which to answer him. I un-
dertake to say that if I had the time I could
demonstrate that the whole gist and spirit of
his speech is in opposition to the genius of our
free institutions. I undertake to say that it is
at war with the progress of civilization and
freedom. I undertake further to say that he
has not urged an argument against the annex-
ation of Dominica which has not been urged
heretofore agaiust the extension of human
liberty to the slaves of the South.
Because we are a free people, because we
have risen high in the scale of civilization and
in moral and intellectual development, there-
fore we shall not extend freedom and liberty,
the benefits of our free institutions, to another
country for fear that assimilation goes down-
ward! That is the extent and purport of the
argument which has been advanced by the
Senator from Missouri. We are to shut our-
selves up, and have a Chinese wall between
our free institutions and the islands that sur-
round our continent!
Mr. President, such is not the position which
I assume upon this occasion. I respond to the
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Su.mnek,] when he says we shall have
civil war upon our hands. Sir, if we have,
we will end it. When he says we shall have a
lis pendens, a 3uit with Hayti, let me tell him
that wo shall go to law with her and gain the
case.  
TheSenatorfrom Missouri [Mr. Schurz] has
made an elaborate argument, and gone into
the history of races to show that we ought not
to pass a resolution of simple inquiry to learn
whether or not Dominica is in'a situation in
which she may properly be annexed to the
United .States. For the first time in the his-
tory of this Government, whether from per-
sonal reasons, from personal prejudices, or
whatever may be the cause, we find, opposi-
tion to a simple investigation, a simple in-
quiry whether the people of that island are
in a condition to be annexed to the United
States.
The Senator argues that Baez is upheld by
United States authority and by the arms of
the United States. Is it not a subject-matter
of inquiry how far that is so, and whether he
is unjustly imposing oppression upon that
people? Or does the Senator from Missouri
suppose that we are all as well versed in the
history ot" races as he is, and that we should
deuide upon our own kuowledge, without in-
vestigation, as to what is the condition of that
people?
Sir, the proposition before us is a very sim-
ple one. Gentlemen may say. what they please,
but the President of the United States has been
assailed outside of the Senate, all over the
country, and charged with corrupt intrigue
and conspiracy with certain other-parties by
which he would summarily and-against the
wishes of the American people bringih this
island as a part of our territory. N«ed I say
that intimations have been made upon the floor
of the Senate to the effect that he, through his
aid-de-camp, is privy to the corruption which
has been spoken of? The President of the
United States, in justice to himself, although
he may be well informed, proposes that five
eminent men be chosen by himself (fornnd-er
the circumstances he would not choose any
others) to go to this spot, investigate the
charges of fraud and the condition and re-
sources of that country, and make a report.-
The Senator from Missouri says that such
an investigation cannot be made in less than
four or live years. This is the veriest hum-
buggery of argument. The Senator himself,
after the close of our rebellion, in a much less
time investigated the whole condition of the
South, and came here and made an elaborate
and lengthy report showing the condition of
that region.
It is said that these commissioners must
penetrate every portion of the island and
must see all the people of the island. Sir,, are
we to be taunted with arguments such as this,
when we know that all that is necessary is for
three eminent men to go to that country, and
in a very short time they can learn its, con-
dition and resources, and learn what debt it is
that we shall have to pay, if we have to' pay
any. It is a matter that can be determined in
a very short time.
But the Senator from Missouri comes tip
with the old argument against the extension of
our territory. Sir, what has been the history
of this Government? It was to be ruin to the
Government if we annexed the territory of
Louisiana aud Florida, It was to be ruined
if we took Texas with her debt of $10,000,000.
It was to be ruined if we took California. I
was to be ruined if we took New Mexico. Sir,
we took them all. We settled your lis pendens ;
we settled your civil war in those cases. We
grasped California in the very midst of war.
We placed her under the protection of the
stars and stripes, and no war exists there now ;
itis one of the most flourishing, peaceable, and
orderly States of this Union. New Mexico
had been subjected to revolution for centuries;
but we threw the asgis of the American Gov-
ernment around her, we sent our flag there
we made her part of our Government, and no
beat of drum or sound of arms has since been
heard in that peaceful Territory. All this has
been the history of the Government, of the
United States, of our progress, of our march
to empire, of the extension of our free insti-
tutions, and of civil liberty.
TheSenatorfrom Missouri may say that these
are the dreams of an enthusiast. Then, sir. I
thank God that I am an enthusiast. I thank
Him that I stand ready to carry the banner of
onr country, the blessings, the ten thousand
charms of her free institutions, not only to the
slaves of the South, but to the eighty thousand
ignorant people in Dominica. The Senator
would extend the boon of liberty to five mil-
lion slaves in our own country, " assimilating
downward;" but when an opportunity pre-
sents itself to extend the same boon to the
people of Dominica he refuses to do it.
Sir, I see that I cannot go through with a
reply to the arguments which I have taken
down ; ar.d as 1 understand that the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] desires to
say a few words, I will yield to him.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, five minutes
hcnce, at four o'clock, ws are to commence
voting on these propositions. I regret that this
question of San Domingo annexation, presses
upon us at this time. But it is here, here by
the recommendation of the President, and it
must be met. There are earnest convictions,
Strong opinions, upon both sides in this con-
