187L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•431
stated in the Manual; but it is not a reason for
ruling it out of order.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. While this commission
are engaged in this work I desire to give them
enough to do, and I therefore offer the follow-
ing amendment:
And said commissioners shall proceed to Honduras,
Nicaragua, CostaRica, Mexico, and the several Gov-
ernments of South America and the Sandwich
Islands, and make like inquiries and investigations,
and make report to the 1'resident, who shall submit
said report to the Congress of the United States.
[Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair an
amendment, to come in at the end of the House
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
read, as follows:
Provided further, That if there be any naval force
of the United States stationed in the waters of the
Dominican territory, such naval force shall be with-
drawn ; and ff there be tiny power exercised over
the Dominican territory, or any aid given to its pres-
ent Government in resisting domestic or foreign
enemies, such power or aid shall be immediately
discontinued; and that the commissioners shall not
commence their investigations until one month after
such naval force shall have been withdrawn, or the
power or aid shall have been discontinued.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 40; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Harris, Johnston, McCreery, Patterson, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, and Vick-
ers-—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton,
Flanagan,Hamilton of Texas, llamlin, Harlan, How-
ell, Jewett. Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, llamsey, Revels, Rice, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Trumbull, War-
ner, Wiliey, Williams, and Yates—40.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, C&ttell, Ferry, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland. Howard, Howe, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Robert-
bon, Sprague, Thayer, Thurman, Wilson, and Win-
do m—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair another
amendment, to come in at the end of the House
amendment.
The proposed amendment to the amend-
ment was read, as follows :
Provided farther, That during the pendency of
this inquiry it is not expedient to augment our naval
force in the waters ot San Domingo, and also that
the commission is pacific in character, with no pur-
pose of violence; therefore the commissioners shall
not be convcycd in a war vessel.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair another
amendment to be added.
The proposed amendment to the House
amendment was read, as follows :
And the commissioners shall inquire especially
whether there is any established Government m
Dominica with competen t authority to make a treaty
with the United States for the annexation of the ter-
ritory thereof, and if so, what Government.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send another amend-
ment to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the House
amendment as will be stated.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
at the end of the House amendment the fol-
lowing :
And the commissioners shall inquire whether the
constitution of Dominica forbids her Government to
rede her territory or any part thereof to any foreign
Power.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
Ihe yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 37; as follows :
* YE/VS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Harris, Johnston, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont,
Ross, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott. Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Vickers, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Feuton,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas. Hamlin, Harlan,
Howeli, Jewett, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy,Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rico, Sawyer, Sherman,
Stewart. Trumbull, Warner, Wiliey, Williams, and
Y ates—37
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cattell, Ferry, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howard, Howe, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Patter-
son, Robertson, Spencer, Sprague,Thayer, Thurman,
and Windom—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment to the House amendment, to be
added to it:
And the commissioners shall be sworn or affirmed
to make an honest and true report to the President,
which report shall be submitted by him to the Con-
gress of the United States.
On that amendment I should like to have
the yeas and nays.
The yeas, and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, John-
ston, McCreery, Saulsbury, Stockton, Sumner, Tip-
ton, and Vickers—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett. Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. Harlan, Har-
ris, Howell, Jewett, ICellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
llamsey, Bevels, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer. Stewart, Trumbull, Warner, AVilley, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—41.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman. Cattell, Ferry, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howard, Ilowe,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Robertson,
Ross, Schurz, Sprague, Thayer, Thurman, and Win-
dom—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send another amendment
to the Chair.
The amendment to the amendmentwas read,
being to insert at the end of the House amend-
ment the following words:
And the commissioners shall inquire whether any,
and how many, persons were imprisoned or exiled by
the present Dominican Government on account of
hostility to the scheme of annexation to the United
States.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send another amendment
to the Chair, to come in at the close of the
House amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was read,
as follows:
And the commissioners shall inquire whether any
foreign Government has entered into or proposed
any negotiation for the acquisition of the territory
of Dominica, or any part thereof."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send another amendment
to the Chair 
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, would an
inquiry be in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If not in the
nature of debate it would be.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to inquire
whether after the sense of the Senate has been
completely taken about amendments it is fac-
tious to continue to offer them?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is within the
rule to offer amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish au
answer from me ?
Mr. MORTON. I was asking the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of the
Chair, I will answer. lam doing my duty as
a Senator in giving the Senate an opportunity
of improving this joint resolution; and fur-
ther, I wish it to go before the country that
the Senate has had the opportunity of making
these amendments and has voted them down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
at the end of the House aifieadinent the fol-
lowing words: . . .
And the commissioners shall inquire whether any,
and if any, what villages, towns, or sections of tho
island now occupied by the people of one Govern-
ment are claimed by any other Government.
The amendment to the amendment .was
r6j6ctGct«
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further amendment proposed the question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Mokton,] that the Senate concur in tho
amendment ot the House of Representatives.
Is the Senate ready for the question?
Mr. SUMNER. On that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
correct; the yeas and nays were ordered yes-
terday.
Mr. CONKLING. Is anybody opposed to
that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays were ordered yesterday, and the question
must be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYARD. Let the amendment be
reported before the vote is taken, tliat\ve may
understand precisely what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the House of Representatives will be stated.
The Chief Clekk. The amendment of the
House of Representatives is to add to the third
section of the joint resolution the following
proviso:
Provided, That nothing in these resolutions con-
tained shall be held, understood, or construed as
committing Congress to the policy of annexing the
territory of said republic of Dominica.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas fifty-seven, nays none ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Car-
penter, Oassevly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cra.gin. Davis, iMmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Harris, Howell, Jewett, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
McCreery, Morill of Vermont., Morton, S'ye, Pool,
l'ratt, Ramsey. Revels. Rice, Ross. Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekgrs, War-
ner, Yt\i 11 ey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—57.
ABSENT—.Messrs. Cattell, Ferry, Hamilton of
Maryland, llowaid, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Sprague, Thayer, Thurman, and Windom—15.
So the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was concurred in.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message fioin the President of the United
States, by Mr. Houace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 10th
instant approved and signed the following
bills:
A bill (S. No. 1100) in relation to ccrtain
territorial penitentiaries;
A bill (S. No. 1119) relating to the print-
ing of the annual report of the Secretary of
War; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to author-
ize the restoration of Benjamin S. Richards to
the active list of the Navy.
MESSAGE I'ltO.M THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton' Lloxd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed tho fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1-178) to provide for cel-
ebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence by holding au inter-
national exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1870; and
A bill (II. R. No. J55) to procure and dis-
seminate information of the extent of cereal
and other crops of other countries.
recommendations to office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the bill (S. No.
298) to relieve members of Congress from
