1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COLE. In how many papers in each
State are the mail lettings published?
Mr. RAMSEY. Five. Certainly five in my
State, and I think that is the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Five in Ohio.
Mr. COLE. That shows the absurdity of
this rule, that these lettings should be adver-
tised in five papers in the little State known
as the Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions and in five papers in the great State of
California, covering over two hundred thou-
sand square miles. That at once shows the
absurdity of this provision.
Mr. WARNER. May I ask the Senator is
there not a mistake about that? Are not mail
lettings published in but two papers instead
of five?
Mr. SHERMAN. Five.
Mr. WARNER. They are published only
in two in rav State that I know of.
Mr. CORBETT. My impression is that these
lettings are published in two or three papers
in my State. The expense is about thirty-four
dollars for an ordinary advertisement, and if
it is published in five papers that would be
$150 for each State. It seems to me that is
not a very extravagant amount, considering
the number of routes to be let in each State.
I think the money would be saved in the
cheaper contracts that might be obtained by
the publication in a number of papers.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the amendment?
Mr. CORBETT. To confine the publication
to one paper in each State. I should not think
that was enough. It might be sufficient to pub-
lish them in the two official papers in each
State, if the committee would change their
amendment in that way.
Mr. COLE. There is no such thing as an
official paper in a State.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes; each State has two
official papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on theamendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations, restricting the advertising of mail
lettings to one paper in each State.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 23, noes 16.
Mr. SAWYER. I have two amendments
to offer from the Committee on Appropriations.
After line one hundred and twenty-one, on
page 67, I move to insert the following:
For salaries and expenses of the direct tax com-
missioners of South Carolina and their clerk, from
July 1.1870, until the closing of their office, $3,500,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
I will "state that this is in obedience to a
request from the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I am also directed by the
Committee on Appropriations to offer another
amendment, to insert on page 4, after line
seventy-six, " for repair of custom-house build-
ing at Sandusky, Ohio, $10,000."
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill on
page4, lines sixty-nine and seventy, by striking
out " $21,899" and inserting " $34,082 74
so -that the clause will read "for complet-
ing the court-house building at Madison, Wis-
consin, $34,082 74."
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator explain that
amendment?
Mr. HOWE. Here is a letter from the Treas-
ury Department 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. State it in a
word.
Mr. HOWE. There is just that deficiency;
that is all. The building is nearly completed,
and that amount of money has been spent-
There was a mistake made by the architect in
computing the deficiency that was reported to
the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move, by direction of the
joint Committee on the Library, to amend
the bill by inserting after line four hundred
and seventy-two the following:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library to
procure, collate, translate, and publish all the docu-
ments relating to the early history of the West, from
the time of the discovery of the great lake by Dol-
lier do Cossin and fxalinee, in 1669, to the expedi-
tions of VarennesdeVeranderie to the Rocky mount-
ains, in 1752, together with critical notes, biograph-
ical notices, and copies of the authentic portraits
and maps which are now preserved in the archives
of the French navy at Paris, $8,000.
I have nothing to say except that this amend-
ment has been submitted to the Committee on
Appropriations and they approve it.
Mr. COLE. This is a matter that ought to
come up by itself. This is not the omnibus
bill, I will inform the Senator; it is the de-
ficiency bill; and this provision he asks for
now is for the future, as I understand him. It
is for gathering together the historical facts
relating to the northwestern country.
Mr. HOWE. It is not, strictly speaking, a
deficiency, and yet the difference is this: if
it be put in the miscellaneous bill it cannot
be expended until after the 1st of July, and
it is desirable that it should be used at once.
Mr. COLE. I have another objection to it.
It*1seems to me it ought to come up as a prop-
osition by itself. It asks for an appropriation
of money ; and I really think the Senator has
not given notice of it to the committee.
Mr. HOWE. Why, Mr. President, the
amendment was submitted to the committee,
and I was authorized by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to say that the com-
mittee approved it.
Mr. COLE. It may have been during my
absence, but I do not remember the subject
even.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Vermont
returned it to me this morning and said the
committee approved it.
Mr. COLE. If that is so, it may have been
done in my absence. I do not speak for any
of the committee but myself. At any rate, I
think this is not the place to put the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see the Senator from
Vermont in his chair. I will withdraw it for
the present and offer another if the Senator
objects to it. ■
Mr. COLE. Not if it comes from the com-
mittee ; but I should object as an individual
member of the committee.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw that amendment
for the present, and by direction of the Com-
mittee on the Library offer the following
amendment:
For compensation of two assistants in the office
of the Librarian of Congress, to date from February
1.1871, whose employment is hereby authorized at
$1,218, respectively, 13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Owing to a misunderstand-
ing with the chairman of the committee, we
passed over line seventy-one without an
amendment being offered to it. I supposed
that he would offer the amendment. I now
offer an amendment, by the consent and with
the approval of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, to strike out "320,079" and insert
"$56,816 54."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the ap-
propriation for completing the court-house
building at Portland, Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir; and I have here
a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mending it.
Theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iam requested
by the chairman of the Committee on Agri-
culture, [Mr. Camerox,] who is unwell this
morning, to present an amendment, of which
he gave notice, and to which there will be no
objection, for the reason that it puts into the
Treasury precisely the same amount that it
takes out:
That the sum of $3,701 65, being the amount of
unexpended balances of certain appropriations for
the Department of Agriculture for tho year ending
June 30, 1870, be, and hereby is, covered into the
Treasury, and tho proper accounting officers of the
Treasury are hereby authorized and directed to use
$2,669 37 of the aforesaid sum to batance any acco un ts
ot said Departmen t which may havs been o verdrawn :
and the sum of $3,032 28, being the residue oi the
first-mentioned amount covered into the Treasury,
is hereby appropriated out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the com-
pletion of the greenhouse of the Department dt'
Agriculture.
I ask that this amendment may be inserted
after line two hundred and fifty. If any further
explanation is desired by any Senator I will
give it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following ameneU
ment as additional sections to the bill.
Sec. —. That the military organizations known as
the Westport police guards, Hickman's Mills' com-
pany, and companies A, B. C, D, and E of the Kan-
sas City station guards, having been called into tho
service of the United States, in the year 1863, in the
district of the border, departmentof Missouri, under
authority derived from Major General John M.Seho-
field. United States Army, be, and they are hereby,
placed on the same footing as to pavand allowances
as volunteers in the service of the United States.
Seo. —. That it shall be the duty of the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
adjust the accounts of allmembersof the above de-
scribed organizations; and, on presentation of prop-
erly authenticated rolls showing the names of all
officers and men belonging to such organizations,
and tho term of service of eaeh. and of such other
evidence as may be required to fully prove such ser-
vice, the said accounting officers shall pay the ac-
counts out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated: Provided, however. That this act
shall not be so construed as to entitle the members
of said military organizations to bounty or pensions
under any law of the United States.
I offer this amendment in pursuance of the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations. It was offered yesterday
as an amendment to the Army appropriation
bill, and it was objected that it was to pay-a
deficiency, and should properly come on this
bill. It has been reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs of the Senate, and was
printed and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and in that way comes under
the rule of the Senate.
In explanation of the amendment, I desire
to say that the troops who are to be provided
for under this amendment were called out by
General Schofield's order, then commanding
in the department of Missouri. They were in
actual service during the war. They were in
excess of the quota of the State, and hence,
not coming under any of the presidential calls,
their pay was not provided for by any existing
law, and they were not paid by the State; and
hence these troops who served really during
the war have remained unpaid up to this time.
There can be no more meritorious claim come
before the Senate than the one which I ask
them now to assent to.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Missouri
states that he moves this amendment with my
approval or subject to my direction. I think
the direction he refers to occurred in debate
yesterday.
Mr. BLAIR. Unquestionably.
Mr. COLE. I was contendingthatthe Army
appropriation bill for the next fiscal year was
not a proper place for this proposition, and
suggested that if it were proper on any bill it
would be on some one of the bills that were to
follow; alluding, I rather think, not to this
bill, but to the sundry civil bill which is a sort
of omnium gatherum for all sorts of things. I
did not consent, indeed, to its being brought
forward on any appropriation bill. It is one
of those measures that ought to come up on
their own merits and have the indorsement of
some committee; the Committee on Military
Affairs, I suppose, first and foremost. I do
not know sufficiently the character of the claim
to say that it ought not to go to the Committee
on Claims; but it being an unaudited account,
an unsettled or unadjusted account, it can have
no proper place on the appropriation bill that
is now under consideration. I trust my friend
from Missouri will not insist upon it, and put
me to the necessity of raising the point of order
upon it. I do it with the more reluctance
inasmuch as he says that I, in some manner,
directed him tomoveiton thisor thenextbill.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia whether he will give way at some time
