1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
in this bill to that subject alone. It is cer-
tainly as much as ought to be expected to be
accomplished in an appropriation bill, to raise
the salaries of the judiciary. I hope, therefore,
the Senator will not insist upon his amend-
ment, and if he does I hope the Senate will
vote it dotvn. It is a subject that ought to be
considered separate and distinct from this. It
is, indeed, a subject that has not been, as I
believe, very generally discussed or considered.
This proposition, if adopted, will disjoint the
whole bill, and render it necessary to recom-
mit it, and will cause great delay. If the prop-
osition is brought up separately, or is brought
up by itself, peihaps, at some subsequent time,
and without much delay, it will pass; but it
ought to be submitted as a separate proposi-
tion and not embodied in this bill.
-Mr. STEWART. I will offer it oil some
other bill if the Senator thinks it is going to
embarrass the movement as to the salaries of
the judges. I am going to offer it, however,
on some bill, and^ stand by it. I will not offer
it in this connection. But in regard to what
the Senator says about changing the bill you
could add an appropriation of a sufficient
amount to meet this amendment without any
particular change of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. It will not take any more
time on this bill than on any other.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senate will take a
vote on it on this bill, all righ£
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Nevada to
withdraw the amendment to the amendment?
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw it for the
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thea the
question is on the original amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, the section
now proposed as an amendment, upon which
we are about to vote, it seems tome presents
a singular state of facts to the Senate and to
the country. While it may be, and probably
is, right to increase the salaries of some of the
judges mentioned in this section, yet there are
others whose salaries, it seems to me, ought
not to be increased. 1 think the salaries of all
these officers, as proposed in this section, are
too great; but I wish particularly to call atten-
tion to the increase of the salaries in regard
to one class of the judges mentioned here,
the circuit judges of the United States.
Within two j ears a law was passed providing
for circuit judges, nine in number, and further
providing that their salaries should be $5,000
ayeui. The best legal talent of the country
was found to apply for those offices at that time
with the salary then prescribed. Therewascer-
tainly no lack ofgentlemen of capacity, of legal
attainment, and of all the qualifications that
are necessary to that high office at the salary
then prescribed. I have heard no person say
outside these Halls that this salary is not suf-
ficient; and if you will go into the country,
where the work of these officers is seen, where
the labors that they perform are understood,
I think you will find that the people are of
opinion that they get sufficient compensation
for their services now. But is it not a strange
proposition that, after the scramble for these
offices within two years, here to-day we pro-
pose to add two or three thousand dollars to
the salary of these newly-created positions?
_ I do not intend to go into this matter, but
simply to call the attention of the Senate to it
before the vote is taken, so that we may know
what we are doing. If we make this increase
of salaries we know not what is to follow. As
I remarked, it may be well to increase the sal-
aries of some of the judges named in this sec-
tion. I do not say that it ought not to be done;
but in the instance to which I have specially
referred, and also in regard to the salaries of
the district judges, I think we are goingtoo far.
This provision, as I understand, equalizes the
salaries of the district judges throughout the
country. It seems to me that everybody must
know that the duties performed by these offi-
cers are not equal. Some of them have a great
deal of labor to perform, while others have
much less, and yet, notwithstanding what the
Congress that created these districts provided
heretofore the salaries of the judges should be,
we propose now to put them all on an equal
footing throughout the country. I shall not
at this time propose an amendment to this
section, but leave it for those who have it in
charge to see to its details.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I hope this
amendment will be adopted. I care not how
much men may have scrambled for places or
how much struggle there may have been. That
is not the question involved here. The ques-
tion is whether we will place the judiciary
of the United States, upon which we are im-
posing burdens constantly, and which is the
only arm of the Government that reaches the
people, in an independent situation, whether
the people are entitled to have independent
judges, or whether you will .put them on such
salaries as shall make them dependent upon
money-lenders, make them dependent upon
the rich. The rates paid your judges will not
support them with their families. Nobody will
pretend that the salaries now paid are sufficient
to support the judges, living as other people
do in the same station in life. That they must
live they believe to be a necessity. At all
events, a man is very likely to act upon the
presumption that he has a right to live ; and
in order to support his family he will borrow
money if that is necessary; and if he borrows
money as a judge, with a family on his hands,
he becomes a very dependent being.
In the first place, if we are to have an inde-
pendent judiciary and we are to pay them at
all, we must pay them a salary that is sufficient
to support them. I do not think that any one
of the salaries here proposed is beyond that.
With regard to the circuit judges, it is true
they were appointed but a short time ago ;*but
a salary of §5,000 is not sufficient to support
them with the large duties they have on their
hands. All can see that the salary was at first
put at a nominal sum, so as not to raise any
discussion over that particular question at that
time; but we think it is not sufficient. You
cannot take any one of them who can be sup-
ported on that salary. They have a great
many duties to perform; the circuits are large,
and their traveling expenses are heavy. It
is not material to this issue that they may have
desired the appointments. I believe, as a I
class, the appointments are admitted to be
good ones; they are able men, and well suited
to the places to which they have been appointed.
Now, the question is. shall we place them in
a position where they can be independent?
That I regard as essential to the good govern-
ment of tiiis country.
It is suggested that the amendment equalizes
the salaries of the district judges; and to that
point. I wish to.call particular attention. It is
true they are made equal, and they ought to
be equal.
We had a law on the statute-book whereby
judges might be called from one district to
another and their expenses paid. We repealed
the provision that their expenses should bo
paid, but we still left the power to call them
in to discharge the duties of districts where
the judges were overloaded, where there was
too much to do. Now, the judges of the cir-
cuit court decline to call these judges to the
points where there is an excess of business,
for the reason that their salaries are so low
that they cannot afford to go. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary propose to make it man-
datory on the circuit judge to call the district
judges that have not sufficient to do in their
districts to other districts that are overloaded
with business, and in that manner the judges
of the district courts will all be employed, and
their labors will be to a great extent equal-
ized ; and that ought to be done. It is better
than to create more districts. There are
points where there is a great lack of judicial
force, and there are other points where the
judges have not sufficient to do.
The Committee on the Judiciary have re-
ported a bill to make it mandatory on the
circuit judge to* call in the district judges from
the districts where they have so small an
amount of business that they can be spared,
and require them to hold court in the districts
that are overloaded. In that way their labors
will be equalized; and they ought to be put
then on the same footing as to salary. That
provision should be made, not so much in
regard to the salary, as because there should
be no more judges than are necessary to dis-
charge the judicial duties of the country. There
should be enough to perform those duties; and
those duties should be equalized among the
judges so far as may be ; and then the judges
should be paid sufficient to live upon. They
should be competent men, and they should
have sufficient to support them. They are
lawyers necessarily, and they are not allowed
to practice their profession; they have no
other means, or should have no other means,
of making a living. A judge should engage in
no other business than that of attending to
the office of judge. But when you give him
only $2,000, or $2,500, or §3,000 a year, and
you know it costs him six or seven thousand
dollars to live with his family, it is saying to him
'• You must do something else;:' and when he
engages in that other business he necessarily
destroys his character as a judge. A judge
cannot be engaged in private business without
being mixed up in private affairs in such a
way as to destroy his usefulness as a judge.
He should be a judge and nothing else. Our
judges should keep out of all manner of spec-
ulations and all manner of outside business;
and the Government of the United States
should give them a. reasonable salary upon
which to live; and if any of them have not
sufficient duties to perform, it is necessary to
legislate so as to equalize their duties.
While a man is a judge it is the right of
every citizen to demand that he shall be inde-
pendent. A poor man has a right that the
judges before whom he goes shall not be in
debt to his antagonist in a lawsuit. I have
seen too much of that. He has a right to know
that the judge before whom his case is to be
tried is a free, independent man, not indebted
to his antagonist, which may be the case if he
has not sufficient salary upon which to live.
Lawyers are not the most provident class,
particularly those who are fitted for judges.
Those who are fit for judges are, particularly
in this country, adapted to their profession,
and they make a good living by the profession;
but they do not generally devote themselves
to money-making as other classes of people.
Those who are tit for judges are generally
poor. Those who are scheming and money-
making, and transacting business outside of
their profession, are seldom lit forjudges. So
I say they are taken from a class of people
who have been able to make a good living while
they were lawyers, but have laid up nothing.
Then the question is whether they shall have
a sufficiency to make them independent while
they are on the bench.
1 do not concur with those who think the
United States courts should not exercise all
the jurisdiction in this country that legit-
imately belongs to them, or may belong to
them, under the Federal Constitution, i do
not want to confer any jurisdiction beyond
that. That jurisdiction should be conferred
npon them and they should be supported by
the Government of the United States, with a
sufficient salary to represent the Government
of the United States creditably in a judicial
capacity. The only means by which the Fed-
eral arm is felt in the country is through the
judiciary. And if there is anything important
to good morals and good government, it is
that the judiciary should be not only pure and
able, but independent. Your paltry salaries
