1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
render them dependent. You send them oat
into the States of this Union to represent this
Government. They are the representatives
of the Government, to whom the poor look for
protection. You cannot protect the masses
of the people through the military. When
that is done you have opposition from every
source. It ought not to be done where it can
be avoided. But all concur that, so far as the
laws are concerned, all people have a right to
their equal and faithful administration; and
I undertake to say that so far as promoting
good morals in the community, so far as keep-
ing the peace, so far as protecting the citizen
is concerned, the judiciary is the most import-
ant arm of the Government; and if that judi-
ciary is not sufficiently paid to make it inde-
pendent, the only arm of the Government
which the people pay for and specially feel is
paralyzed, and is necessarily in the hands of
the rich. A feeling of distrust must be every-
where when it is known that the judge before
whom a poor man's cause is tried has his
homestead mortgaged to the antagonist, which
I have known in some instances; the judge's
homestead mortgaged to the client on the other
side! If a man goes before a judge so situ-
ated, however honest he may be, however
anxious he may be to discharge his duties
faithfully, human nature is such that a man
will be inclined to say, "I have no chance in
that court; A has a mortgage on the judge's
house, and can turn his family out if he decides
against him!"
I believe in holding judges to a strict ac-
countability for the discharge of their duties,
and I believe in requiring those judges who
are in districts where very little work is done
to be transferred to those districts where the
judge is overworked. I believe in having
speedy justice administered among the people,
and I believe in having the United States
courts respected and independent.
The salaries reported here are not more
than sufficient, and I never have heard any-
body in arguing against this proposition say
these salaries were too much; but it has been
intimated that we want just at this time to get
a little reputation for economy. We had bet-
ter economize in something where economy
ought to be applied. Take it out of the Indian
bill; take it out of the vast appropriations
as to which you do not know where they are
going. But, sir, I will not occupy further
time. I hope we shall vote.
Mr. BOREMAN. It is sometimes a com-
paratively easy matter to fix up an excuse
where none exists; but I do not know that
that is the case here. It is a strange thing
that we make an office one day, and as the
Senator says, in order to pass the bill, put the
salary at rather a small sum, and then a year
or two afterward bring in a bill proposing
largely to increase the salary. But, sir, I do
not rise for the purpose of discussing this mat-
ter any further. My purpose in the beginning
was only to call the attention of the Senate to
it, so that we might see what we we re voting
upon. I ask the acting chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations how much this sec-
tion will increase the annual expenditure of
the Government? -Some member of the com-
mittee has probably made the estimate. I
suppose it must be about one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at least.
Mr. COLE. I think this increase is about
one hundred thousand dollars. Most of it
is for the salaries of the district judges, the
increase of which, I think, amounts to some-
thing over fifty thousand dollars; probably
sixty thousand dollars. I have not the exact
figures before inc.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The figures are as fol-
lows : the increase of district j udges is $64,500;
of circuit judges, $22,500; of supreme judges,
$18,000; of judges of the Court of Claims,
$10,500; in all, $115,500.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, at the last
session the Senate will perhaps remember that
they did vote to increase the salaries of the
circuit judges to $7,500. It was upon a motion
submitted by me ; and I dare say the Senate
remember that the reasons offered for it were
entirely good. These gentlemen are compelled,
to hold circuit, to be absent from their places
of residence much more than half the time.
Traveling expenses, as we all know, are ex-
ceedingly high ; and putting their salaries at
$7,500 makes the office, in fact, less well paid
than if they had $6,000, living in their own
homes.
As to the general matter of the increase of
judicial salaries the people of this country must
be treated with respect for their good sense ;
and the_ man who supposes that they are to be
misled by false cries of economy, of pretended
retrenchment, will very soon find that his hol-
low disguise will be pierced. It is the interest
of the mass of the people of this country that
their judiciary should be the ablest and the
purest men the country can possibly supply.
But still they will be men; and if you under-
take to limit their' salaries to sums utterly in-
adequate for the support of men at our present
rate of living and the cost of all that goes in
to the support of life, you will discover that
your choice will be restricted to that class of
professional men who are not eminent enough
to command much higher reward for their
private exertions.
Sir, the independence, the elevation of the
judge is the very best security to the humble
man. The rich man who has abundant influ-
ence need not fear discrimination against him
from a judge whose necessities compel him to
consider such matters; and the great safety
to the humble citizen in our country is the
independence and the purity of the judicial
tribunal before which his rights of life, or prop-
erty, or person are to be tried.
The rates at which the salaries of the judges
of our Supreme Court were fixed were too low
originally, and yet every man who will com-
pare the present cost of living with the cost of
fifty years ago will know that a dollar to-day
goes much less far than did half that amount
in the generations that are past. If Congress
shall refuse, therefore, to apportion such sala-
ries to these judicial officers as shall justify
the ablest men of the profession in abandon-
ing their private pursuits and undertaking the
cause of public justice and for the public ben-
efit, then they must expect to see the higher
grade of men continue at the bar in the pur-
suit of private gain, and our' judiciary will
inevitably retrograde.
I do not consider that in any of the sums
here named too high a rate has been reached.
Indeed, there is not a man within my hearing
who does not know that there is scarcely an
officer embraced within these grades of the
profession who could not by his private exer-
tions earn twice the sum which is here accorded
him by this amendment. That is a fact. I
therefore say, for the safety of the people of
this country these offices of the judiciary should
receive such compensation as will enable them
to be recruited, as they shall be vacated by the
death or resignation of their present occupants,
from the very best ranks of the profession,
from which alone they can be safely supplied.
Mr. CORBETT. At the commencement of
the session I introduced a bill for an increase
of the salaries of the judges named in this sec-
tion. I did it from my personal knowledge
that some of the judges were not able to live
upon their salaries. I knew, as stated by the
Senator from Nevada, of some judges—at least
one, in my own State, who was unable to live
upon his salary, and who could not hold a
homestead free from incumbrance.
I believe the district judges come in contact
with the people closely, and it is necessary to
place them above the influence of any class of
our community, the wealthy in particular. For
that reason I introduced a bill which, in my
opinion, was necessary in order to place the
judiciary above the influence of any portion
of our community. I hold in my hand a letter
from agentleman in New York, D. W. Stough-
ton, a celebrated lawyer there—a letter ad-
dressed to me after I had introduced the bill.
I ask the Secretary fo read the letter, setting
forth the salaries paid in the city of New York
to some of the judiciary.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
New York, January 10,1ST1,
Dear Sir : X am informed you are the author of
a biil lately introduced intothe Senate for the pur-
pose of increasing the salaries of judges of the Uni-
ted States courts, and that it provides for the annual
Sayment to each of the justices of the Supreme
ourt of $10,000. The labors of those gentlemen are
very great, and X believe the addition proposed to
their salaries will be regarded by the bar of the
country as a simple act of justice already toolon^
delayed. They are now compelled to reside in Wash-
ington for a considerable portion of each year, where
the cost of living does not, I think, fall much short
of the expense of living here; and in view of this,
it has occurred to me as not improper to mention to
you thesalaries paid to judicial officers in this city.
They are:
To ward and police justices, each $10,000.
To judges of the marine court, each $10,000.
To judges of the superior court, each $15,000.
To judges of the common pleas, each §15,000.
To judges of the supreme court, each 413,000.
•Begging your pardon now for the liberty I take in
making this communication, I am, yours trulv.
E. W. STOUGBTON.
Senator Corbett.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe that the salaries
given to the judges in New York city are based
on a wise view of the case, to place those gen-
tlemen if possible above any influence in the
important cases coming before them in their
judicial capacity. I wish to place the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States, and
the circuit and district judges, equally above
any influence that may be brought to bear
upon them.
I think if we desire to protect the poor, if
we desire to protect all the interests of the Gov-
ernment, we must place the judiciary in such
a position that they can act independently.
Without this the small amount that is em-
braced in this amendment may be used to cor-
rupt one judge. The amount of $100,000 is
nothing to the importance of protecting the
interests of this community, of the large class
of people who are practicing and bringing
before our judges important cases in which
their interests are involved. "We know that
upon the integrity of one judge may depend
the fate or the interests of large corporations,
and not only of those but of the poorest por-
tion of our community. I trust that tins
amendment will be adopted.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to make a correc-
tion in the figures I presented a few moments
since relative to this increase. I omitted in
giving those figures to mention the increase in
the courts of the District of Columbia, amount-
ing to §10,000. I ought also to have said that
the increase stated in the figures I submitted
was on top of the increase already made by the
House of Representatives, which adds S-.UO0
to the salaries of the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States. The increase over
and above the present law by this amend-
ment is therefore as follows : Supreme Court
judges, $36,000; districtcourtjudges, SO 1.000:
circuit judges, $22,500; judgts of the District
of Columbia, $10,000 ; judges of the Court of
Claims, &10,500 ; in all $1-13,500 per annum.
Mr. CllxVGIN. Mr. President, I do not
expect that anything I may say will have
any influence in determining the result of this
amendment, lor I think I can foresee that it
is likely to be adopted ; but it does seem to
me, notwithstanding, that it is bad policy to
increase these salaries to so great an extent.
Let us look for a moment. The present
salary of the Chief Justice is $6,500, and the
present salary of the associate justices of the
Supreme Court is $0,000. The House of
Representatives in the bill which they have
