THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
orother to enable us to bring up this bill,
which is'already before the Senate in the shape
rfa report from a committee, and pass it?
Mr. COLE. The same bill?
• Mr. SCHURZ. The same bill.
Mr. COLE. Then it will take its place with
all the other bills on the Calendar. There are
plenty of bills in the same category. If Sen-
ators will help me to get through with these
appropriation bills there will be plenty of
time afterward for these multitudinuous meas-
urta, I appeal to Senators to help me to get
them out cf their way, and when we have dis-
posed of the few appropriation bills, and get
this one and another one or two out of the way,
there will be plenty of time to consider all
these other measures that have been reported
by committees, including this one.
Mr. SCHURZ. If my friend will permit me,
this was reported by the Military Committee.
Mr. COLE. Let it be considered on its own
merits by itself, and not try to load down an
appropriation bill with it.
Mr. BLAIR. It will help to carry your bill.
Mr. COLE. It would load down this bill to
the guards, and I think the bill would sink if
I were to allow one tenth part of the amend-
ments to be made to it that are likely to come
upon it if they are unresisted. I ask for a
vote on the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
three, noes not counted.
Mr. FO WLliR. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
That the sum of $20,523, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same is horeby, appropri-
ated, out of any money in th-o Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to pay the claim of Robert X.
ICirkpatriek, provided for in the joint resolution
approved February 15,1871.
Mr. COLE. That is a private claim.
Mr. FOWLER. It is to carry out an exist-
ing law. All claims may be private. Every
appropriation offered may be of that kind.
Mr. COLE. I think this is a private claim.
I do not know what law provides for its pay-
ment, and I must object to it. If you let in
this class of claims we shall have to let in
all the claims pending in the Committee on
Claims that have been reported or not reported.
I will inquire, has it been reported from a com-
mittee?
t The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
is in order under the rule :
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall bo received to any genoral appropriation
.* * * "whose object is to pro-
vide for a private claim, unless it bo to carry out the
provisions of some existing law or a treaty stipula-
tion.
A private claim can be received if it is to
Carry out the provisions ot an existing law,
and the joint resolution of February 15, 1871,
which passed the House of Representatives
March 25, 1870, and the Senate during this
session, reads as follows:
" That tho Secretary of War bo, and he is hereby,
directed to exa-niino and pay tho claim of Robert X.
ICirkpatriek, of Nashville, Tennessee, for materials
taken and used by military order in building a fort
for the defense of said city: Provided, That said
amount so allowed shall not exceed the sum of
$20,523: And provided farther. That this shall be
final."
That is the exact amount named in the
amendment. It is in order strictly under the
thirtieth mle.
Mr. COLE. Has it had the indorsement
of any committee? 1
Mr. FOWLER. I referred it to the Com-
mittee or. Appropriations. It is not necessary
that it should have the indorsement of a com-
mittee.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations are not bound to look into the merits
of everv claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
overrule this point of order also. The first
part of the thirtieth rule says :
"Ho amendment proposing additional appropri-
ations shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session."
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Chair read'further.
And it must then be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. Has
this amendment been referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations?
Mr. FOWLER. It has been.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It so appears by
the printed copy of the amendment. It com-
plies strictly with the rule, and it is in order,
subject to a vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Then on the merits I wish
to say one word. I understand this has not
received the indorsement of any committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not
required.
Mr. COLE. I am aware ofthat; but still I
suggest that any claim which is put upon an
appropriation bill ought at least to have the
indorsement of some standing committee of
this body. It ought to have the indorsement
of the Committee on Claims or the Committee
on Military Affairs. A claim with that indorse-
ment, it would be presumed, was based upon
some merits.
Mr. THAYER. It seems to have had the
indorsement of both Houses of Congress and
the President. It is a previous law.
Mr. SCOTT. I rose to speak of that point.
The chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations makes the point that this ought to have
the indorsement of some standing committee.
I examined the claim, as a member of the
Committee on Claims, and it was reported
from that committee and passed; and I desire
to say that it is a most meritorious case. This
man's property was taken for Government use,
and this is the actual amount of property that
was taken. He is to-day in danger of being
turned out of his remaining property, because
this money is withheld from him. He put a
mortgage upon that property to enable him to
maintain himself until this money should be
paid him. It is a very meritorious amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page eleven after line' two
hundred and forty-one:
To pay William Hardin a balance duo him under
his contract for surveying the public lands in
Nebraska, $3,000.
Mr. COLE. I cannot tell what merit there
is in that claim. I think it is subject to the
objection.
Mr. THAYER. I will explain it if the Sen-
ator will give me a chance. I send to the
desk a letter from the Land Office explaining
the facts, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of thf. Interior,
General Land Office, February 11, 1871.
Sir: Referring to your personal inquiry on yester-
day relative to tho surveying contract with William
Hardin, deputy surveyor in Nebraska, I have the
honor to state that upon examination of the books
of this ofiico I find that the amounts paid and the
outstanding liabilities under contracts entered into
prior to that of Mr. Hardin, payable out of the appro-
priation of $10,000 tor surveys in Nebraska during
tho present fiscal year, will absorb the entire appro-
priation, or at least within a few dollars. Hence, in
order to compensate Mr. Hardin for work executed
under his contract, a deficiency appropriation to the
full amount thereof, namely $3,600, will be needed.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
W. W. CURTIS,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. J. M. Thayer. United States Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move further to amend
the bill oa page G, after line one hundred and
twenty-eight, by inserting the following:
To enable the Secretary of tho Treasury to pay
the present United States marshal for Nebraska his
salary for the two years ending June 30, 1871, $100.
The marshal for Nebraska has drawn no
salary since we have been a State. I offer this
amendment to cover that deficiency. It is
referred to in the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. COLE. What page of the estimates?
Mr. THAYER. Page 93. By an oversight
no provision was made in creating the judicial
districts for the payment of the salary of the
marshal of Nebraska.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know if this is
authorized by law. These amendments are
pushed in here without any reference to any
proper authority on which to base them.
Mr. THAYER. No appropriation has been
made.
Mr. COLE. And I do not suppose it is
authorized by law at all.
Mr. THAYER. It is designed to give him
the same salary as other marshals.
Mr. COLE. If it is authorized by law it
would have been paid long ago. I hope these
amendments will not be put on to any further
extent.
Mr. THAYER. It is referred to in the esti-
mates, and the fact stated that no appropriation
has been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit the following
amendment, to come in on page 10, after line
two hundred and twenty-seven :
l?or the contingent expenses of land offices for tho
year ending June 30,1870, $10,000.
I have letters here from the Commissioner
and others, explaining the amendment and
showing its necessity, which can be read if
required. I am assured by the Secretary of
the Interior that this amount is absolutely
necessary to meet the expenses of the last
fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I observe in this bill that
there are no deficiencies for the Senate of the
United States. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line five:
To pay an additional assistant engineer, author-
ized by the Senate, at the rate of $1,440 per annum,
commencing on. the 1st day of December, 1870, tor
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, $840.
For steam-pump for the heating and ventilating
apparatus of the Senate, under the direction of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, $1,000.
I will explain that at the early part of this
session the Senate passed a bill authorizing
the Sergeant-at-Arms to appoint an additional
assistant engineer. The bill has not passed
the House; but the engineer was put on duty
and has received no pay up to this time. In
the bill for the next fiscal year an appropria-
tion is made for this same employ^. There
can certainly be no objection to that.
The other portion of the amendment relates
to purchasing a pump for the heating and
ventilating apparatus, and I beg leave to read
a letter from the chief engineer on the subject:
" I would respectfully call your attention to the
necessity ot having a new steam-pump set up for the
purpose of supplying the boiler in this department.
The one used at present is nearly worn out and lia-
ble to fail at any time, having been in constant uso
for the past thirteen years. The expense attending
the same will be about one thousand dollars."
This is signed by H. F. Hayden, chief engin-
eer, and addressed to the Sergeant- at-Arms.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have one other amend-
ment to which I wish to call the attention
of the Committee on Appropriations, and of
which no notice has been given. In 18(>9
$25,000 was appropriated for this heating and
ventilating department. In 1870 only $(5,000
was appropriated. That was the amount esti-
mated for, but that estimate was based on (he
idea that they could use what was remaining
of the appropriations of the year before; but on
the 1st of July they were obliged to cover into
the Treasury $12,838 32; so that there is an
actual deficiency there. They have not one
dollar for this department, and have not had
for some time. They are not able to buy coal,
or any other miscellaneous articles, in that
department; and I ask that an amendment
appropriating $1,000 may be agreed to by the
