1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CxLOBE.
433
particularly, to the eastern market for pur-
poses of food has become an immense busi-
ness, and is constantly on the increase; and it
is also well known to those who have given any
special attention to the subject that the most
inhuman and barbarous practices have been
resorted to in the treatment of stock while in
transit; practices which are not only disgrace-
ful to humanity, but deleterious to the health
of those who eat these animals. In order to
correct this evil a number of the States have
passed laws upon this subject, among them
New York, Massachusetts, Maine, and Illinois;
but for want of jurisdiction those State laws
have been efficient only within the borders of
the several States. Now, the railroads whose
lines are confined to the limits of the States do
not do this carrying; it is the great interstate
or through railroad lines running from Kansas
and elsewhere to New York and other eastern
States. Hence the necessity of a United States
law to control this matter and correct the evil.
This bill is introduced, therefore, in the inter-
est of humanity, and especially as a sanitary
measure. It has been estimated, and I have
no doubt correctly, that on every cattle train
coming-from the West to the Bast at least
three cattle on the average die from sheer
starvation. The flesh of the remaining ani-
mals, after confinement in the most crowded
and torturing manner for four or five days in
succession, in an unhealthy condition, is quite
too often thrown upon the market and con-
sumed by those who have no idea at all that
they are taking into their stomachs the seeds
of disease and death. In the view of a com-
mon humanity, in a sanitary view, in an en-
lightened Christian view; in every view in fact,
in my judgment, such a law as this is demanded
at the hands of Congress.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read an
article upon this subject from the Worcester
Spy, which I regard as entirely pertinent, and
I hope the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eld ridge] and others will attend to its reading.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Cottle Care.—It will be remembered that some
weeks since we gave an account of the effects of
the almost barbarous treatment bestowed upon the
droves of cattle brought from the "West for our east-
ern markets. The matter is one of deep interest, no t
alone in a humanitarian point of view, but in ref-
erence also to thes.mitary questions involved; and,
in connection with this matter it is of interest to know
that various plans are being tried for the provision
of better means of transportation for live stock. An
experienced drover estimates that at a very low
reckoning, at least an average of three animals die
on every train of cattle brought.from theWestto
the Brighton market. The condition of those which
remain, without food or water, and weakened and
diseased, may be imagined. Aside from other ques-
tions the drover mentioned stated that, on an aver-
age fat cattle will shrink at least six dollars'worth
each in the transit; then, supposing that sixteen
hundred cattle per week are received at Brighton,
we have a elear loss of $9,600 from shrinkage alon .
A ear, recently patented by J. H. Aldrich, of this
city, and made by Osgood Bradley, has been tried,
and found of great value in overcoming the objec-
tions to transporting cattle which, with the ordinary
style of cattle cars, must exist. Compartments or
stables for each animal are furnished, with an ar-
rangement for feeding and watering while on the
passage. The cattle have room to lie or stand, and
the cargoes thus far brought have. arrived m excel-
lent condition, without, loss of weight. Tue car has
received the recommendation of a number of butch-
ers and drovers, and, if as successful in the future as
it has proved thus far, should come into general use.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I have seen it stated,
and I have no doubt the statement is correct,
that in the city of New York during a single
year not less than a hundred and twenty tons
of unsound and unhealthy meat was con-
demned and ordered to be destroyed by the
board of health. And it might be an interest-
ing question how many other tons of unhealthy
and unsound meat that was not detected
went into the market and was sold to and con-
sumed by those who didnot suspect its diseased
condition. .
It has been shown to the committee, to their
satisfaction, that cattle'shipped from the great
cattle-producing regions of the West to the
eastern markets are not only confined irom
41st Gong. 3d Sess.—2Sq. 28.
four to five days in the cars without food, with-
out water, and without sufficient space for rest,
but their flesh when they are received in the
Bast is in an unhealthy condition, and is thrown
upon the markets to the great detriment of the
health of the citizens of that portion of our
country. ;
Every American citizen, as I take it, and
especially every resident of a city, is directly
and especially interested in this question of
humanity. True, he may not regard the bar-
barous cruelties that are perpetrated upon the
dumb animals, but he must, and doubtless
does, regard his own health, his own life, and
the life and health of his wife and children.
And if so, he will never cease to use all his
influences against this barbarous practice until
it shall be abated.
Why, sir, it is very clear to my mind, and
I apprehend it is very clear to the minds of
other gentlemen in this House, that no man,
no State, no nation, ever did or ever oan arrive
at the highest grade of enlightenment and
civilization that practices cruelties either upon
man or upon the inferior animals. All history
bears me out in this assertion. The savage
Indian of our own wilderness will never be
civilized until the brutal principle in him is
subdued. And yet, strange as it may seem,
white men, American citizens, born and reared
in this land of school-houses and churches,
have been known, in the absence of restraining
laws, to perpetrate crimes upon dumb brutes
that would make even savages blush.
I do not think it is necessary for me to fur-
ther explain this bill, and I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman after the previous question has been
called.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to submit a prop-
osition to the gentleman after I have made a
remark or two, which will take but little time.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Very well; I yield
t6 the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have not
had my attention called to this bill until a few
moments ago ; but on hearing its provisions
read at the Clerk's desk they struck me as
most extraordinary. I doubted then the power
of Congress, under the Constitution, to pass
any such bill; and since listening to the ex-
planation of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Wilson,] I am satisfied that my first impres-
sion in regard to it was correct. This bill
contains provisions which propose to interfere
with, regulate, and control the internal police
of every State in this Union. The gentleman
speaks of the humanity of its provisions. It
may be true that it would be humane to treat
dumb animals being transported to market
according to the provisions of this bill. The
gentleman urges it mainly in that view and
upon that ground. The constitutional objec-
tions, in my judgment, far outweigh all such
considerations. We have no constitutional
warrant for such legislation. It belongs alto-
gether to the States. As well might we under-
take to legislate with regard to the treatment
of dumb animals in every city, town, and
village throughout the United States. There
is in fact nothing that we cannot do, nothing
great or small that we may not regulate and
control in the States.
I deny the power of Congress thus to inter-
fere either with the corporations chartered by
the States or with the States themselves. I
hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Ohio
will consent to have the bill referred to the
judiciary Committee for examination'. I am
satisfied that we possess no such power as it
is here proposed to exercise. We have already
gone far enough, as a legislative body, in our
interferenpe with the States of this Union.
The States pertaittly possess some rights, how-
ever few they ipay be considered of late. They
have the right to regulate, their Own' internal
police. If such legislation'as is h,ere .proposed
is needed leave it where.it, properly belongs,
'with the States thenisel'ves. The'bill will add
very greiatly to the exjiefises of transporting
the live stock of the Westtb the markets of
the East; and this addition of expense's, whieh
will be immense, will all fall upOn the pro-
ducer.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I cannot yield
further.
Mr. ELDEIDOE. Then I hope the, pre-
vious question will not be seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. • I have simply to
say that this bill is regarded as being in strict
accordance with that provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States which gives Con-
gress power to regulate commerce between the
States. My friend from Wisconsin and some
other gentlemen may have different Views
upon the subject; but I feel confident in my
own mind that the judgment of a large "major-
ity of the legal gentlemen of this House is
in accordance with the' judgment of the com-
mittee. Mr. Speaker, I call the previous
question. • : ,
Mr. SWANN. I would like to be heard for
a few moments on this subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Will it not satisfy
the gentleman to be heard after the previous
question is seconded ? , After the main ques-
tion is ordered I will certainly yield to the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] and the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr, Eldkidge.]
Mr. ELDlUDCrE. I want to have the bill
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary for
examination. I am satisfied that it contains
unconstitutional provisions.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I must object to
debate. I call for the previous question.
On ordering the previous question, there
were—ayes 63, noes 85 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wilson, of
Ohio, and Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 85, noes 15 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 25, nays 143, not voting
66 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Ayer, Bailey,
Biggs, Bird, Burr, Dox, Eldridge, Fox, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Johnson, Knott, Marshall, Maynard, Mor-
phis.Morrissey, Mungen,Stone, Stoughton, Sweeney,
Trimble, Voorhees, and Winchester—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Asper,
Axtoll, Barnum, Barry, Beam an, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Bingham, Booker, Bowen, Boyd,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufflnton, Bur-
chard, Benjamin F. Butler. Koderiek K. Butler,
Calkin, Churchill. William X..Clark, Awasa Cobb,
Clinton L.Cobb,Coburn,Conger,Cook.powles.Uul-
lom, Degener, Oickey, Dickinson, Joseph Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch.
Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan.Griswold.Huight, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hamill, Harris, Hawle'y, Hay, Heflin,
Hoar, Holtnan, IngerSoll, Jenekes, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Keteliam, Knapp, Laflin, Lewis, Lougliridge, Lynch,
Manning, McCarthy, McCormick, MeCrary, Mc-
Grew, McK.ee, Mercur, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore,
"William Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill, Myers, Hegley, Niblack, O'Neill. Orth,
Packard. Packer, Pain o. Palmer, Peck,Perce,Peters,
Phelps. Platt.Poiand.Pomeroy,Porter,'Potter,gros-
ser, fiainey, Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Boots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S, Smith,
William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor,Tillman, Townsend.''iwich-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Trump. Wallace,
CadwaladerC. Washburn.AVelker, Wells. Wheeler,
Whitmore, Willard, Williams, John 1. Wilson,
Winans, Witeher, and -Wolf—148. •
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams Ames, Atwpod,
Banks, Benton, Blair, Boles; James Brooks,Buraett,
Cake, Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Conner,
Covode, Cox, Crebs, Darr&ll, Dawes, Nathan r.
Dixon, Dockory, Duke, Dyer; EtV J'.arnswortIi,
Ferry, Garlield, Hale. Hays, llil.l, Hoge, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchlriss, Thomas L. Jnnes, Km, JjAsn,
Lawrence, Logan, Mayhamj McKenzie, Mcaeely,
Eliakim H, Moore. MoreJVjiWsham, Rrce.Sanford,
Scliumaker. Porter Sheldon, ShoUt,,>Worttagton
C. Smith, Stevenson, jSfcdes, Strader, Striekland.
