1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isn
Committee on Appropriations. I assure the
committee that it is just as I state, and is right.
The Committee oil Contingent Expenses rec-
ommend it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following amend-
ment as a proviso to the second section of the
bill:
Provided, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures
heretofore or hereafter incurred under the acts en-
titled respectively "An act to extend the laws of
the United States relating to customs, commerce,
and navigation over the territory ceded to the Uni-
ted States by Russia, to establish a collection district
therein, and for other purposes," approved July 27,
1868, and " An act to prevent the extermination of
fur-bearing animals in Alaska/' approved July 1,
1870, shall be disposed of according to the provisions
of the act entitled " An act to regulate the disposi-
tion of the proceeds of fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures incurred under the lawsrelat.ingtothe customs,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,1867.
This amendment has been printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations. It
was submitted to the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] who examined it critically, I
believe, and agreed that it was necessary to
make this provision in order to induce persons
there to inform upon the illicit trade in that
country. There has been quite an amount of
property transported from that country in vio-
lation of law, and this amendment is to cover
such cases. It was supposed that the law
already covered these cases, but it appears
from the decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury that it does not, and it is necessary
to extend these laws over that country. If it
is necessary I will have read a memorandum
on the subject, which I have here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume it is not neces-
sary. The amendment does not take any
money out of the Treasury, but will put money
into the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Now, Mr. President, I think
it would be well to leave some little business
off this bill to be considered during the residue
of the session. I hope we shall now have a
vote on the bill. We have now put everything
on it, relevant and irrelevant, and I hope we
shall have a vote upon it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a relevant amend-
ment which I should like to put on, and which
will strengthen this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota offers a relevant amendment.
[Laughter ]
Mr. MORTON. Is that in order? [Laugh-
ter.]
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
That to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
to the parties entitled thereto the balances due the
creditors of the Upper and Lower bands of Sioux
Indian?, on account of supplies furnished said Indians
prior to the 3d day of December, 1360. there is hereby
appropriated the sum of $65,812 47, under the third
and ninth articles of the treaty of June 10, 1858,
between the United States and the Sisseton and
Wahpeton bands of the Dakota or Sioux Indians,
and also under the third article of the treaty of the
game date with the Medawahatwan and Wahka-
poola bands of same tribe.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have here a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, addressed to a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, which
I ask to have read, in explanation of this
amendment. ^ t
The' Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department or the Interior.
Washington. June 13,1870.
Sir: On the 19th day of June, 1S5S, treaties were
concluded between the United States and the upper
and lower bands of Sioux Indians in Minnesota.
Bach of these two treaties, in the third article, con-
tains a stipulation that an amount not exceeding
$70,000 shall be paid out of the proceeds of the sale
of the lands mentioned in thoseeond m tide of said
treaties to satisfy the just debts and obligations of
said J ndians.
The treaties were negotiated in this city, and sev-
eral of the creditors of the Indians were present.
The different bands were desirous that all their
obligations should be canceled, and the sum named
in the third article of the treaties was based upon an
estimate which, at that time, was thought to be suf-
ficient to cover all demands that might bo made
against them; but, upon an examination of the
accounts which, after examination and abatement
by the Indian department, were allowed, it was
ascertained that alter the payment of the amount
provided by the treaty to satisfy the indebtedness
of the Indians, at the date of the treaties, a balance
of $57,616 35 remained against them.
In 1862 the Indians, parties to the treaties, com-
menced hostilities against the citizens of the United
States, known as the Sioux Indian massacre, which
resulted in the abrogation of all treaties with the
Sioux, their removal from the reservations in the
State of Minnesota, and the confiscation of their
annuities.
There is also due by the lower bands of Sioux
Indians the sum of $8,196 12. being a balance of
claims against them arising subsequent to the treaty
of 1858.
Mr. Secretary Smith, on the 31st of May, 1861, after
a consideration of the subject, directed the payment
of the debts of the Indians to the extent named in
the treaties, namel y, $140,000, which amount was to be
paid, pro rata, to the claimants in full satisfaction
of all demands against them.
The money was accepted by the creditors under
protest, and application was afterward made to the
Department for the balance due by the Indians, and
it appears that Mr. Secretary Usher was inclined to
direct the payment of the same, but there was no
appropriation within the control of this Department
applicable thereto.
In the treaty of 19th February, 1867. with the Sioux
Indians (upper bands) provision was made for the
payment of the balances due by them to their traders;
but theSenate struck out of said treaty articles six
to^ourteen, inclusive, which embraced the provis-
ion referred to, and the matter has since that time
remained unacted on.
The parties to whom the balances are due are now
applying to be paid.
An examination of the case satisfies me that the
claims are probably just and should be paid; but
there are no funds at the disposal of this Department
that could be applied to their payment,
I therefore respectfully invite the attention of Con-
gress to the propriety of making an appropriation
to meet these claims, for which thesum of $<35,812 47
would be necessary, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to the parties entitled thereto the
balances due the creditors of the Upper and Lower
bands of Sioux Indians, on account of supplies fur-
nished said Indians prior to the 3d day of December,.
1860.
I have the honor to be, very respoctfully, your
obedient servant, j D_ cox> Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of ^Representatives.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will state that this claim
lias passed under the inspection of several suc-
cessive Secretaries of the Interior and Commis-
sioners of Indian Affairs, and the items of it
examined in pursuance of the provisions of
the treaty by the superintendent of Indian
Affairs for the northern superintendency. It
has also passed the scrutiny and examination
of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate. These parties have long been- kept
out of their money.
It is a fair and honest claim. The balance
is very small. The means which the Indians
had to meet it were confiscated and covered
into the Treasury. I think it is but equitable
and just that we should make this appropria-
tion to reimburse these parties.
Mr. COLE. This is a very old claim. It
is certainly a stale claim. It is for supplies
furnished these Indians prior to 1860. How
long prior, no one knows. Whether it began
at the commencement of this century, or partly
accrued during the last century, or in what
years of this century it began to accrue, does
iiiot appear upon the face of the amendment.
I know there is something said in the report,
which was read indistinctly, and of course not
listened to, in favor of it; but it is one of those
old claims that ought to go over and be consid-
ered by itself. I appeal to the Senator from
Minnesota to withdraw this claim. If he will
look into this bill he will find that there was
in it as it came from the House a clause to pay
to the creditors of Austin Wiley, a superintend-
ent for California, indebtedness that is clearly
liquidated, which is recommended upon a
report of this body and a report of the other
body, due to private parties who have been
waiting year after year for their money; and
yet we struck that out of the bill; a claim from
my own Slate infinitely more justifiable than
the one which the Senator presents.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not see it.
Mr. COLE. It is more recent; it is a
claim which has accrued within a very few
years, and one that ought to have been paid
promptly; but the appropriations during the
year were insufficient to meet it. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have struck that out,
and I have not asked the Senate to restore it;
and now Senators come forward with old
claims. If we can strike out, and I do not
insist upon the claim of Austin Wiley, one
which is certainly so justifiable, the Senator
ought not to insist upon this old claim. I do
hope that the Senator and other Senators will
not insist upon putting Indian claims" upon
this bill. I move to lay the ameudment on
the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion, and after he has made
so strong a case in reference to Austin Wiley,
let me say something in reply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. COLE. I feel like insisting upon it. If
the Senator wishes to make an argument 
Mr. RAMSEY. Ouly a few words.
Mr. COLE. I believe that the motion is in
order now to lay the amendment on the table.
The VICEPliESlDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from California to yield
for a brief explanation.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, of course we
expect the Senator from California to oppose
every claim, however just it may be. 1 can-
not conceive any equity at all which could
induce the Senator from California to consent
that a claim should be put on this bill after
the bill passed the inspection of his commit-
tee. But he condemns this because it is an
old claim. Why, sir, it is for the payment of
services rendered to these Indians previous to
the year 18G0. Of course, while the war lasted,
these people, like most other claimants against
the Government, were generous enough and
patriotic enough not to press their claim dur-
ing that period of time. From .that time to
this they have been pursuing it. I cannot con-
ceive why any man, or any set of men, who
have exhibited this kind of patriotism should
be condemned because they have an old claim.
It is a claim but a few years old, a claim which
they have been pursuing almost all the time,
except during the period of the war. If the
Senate mean to do justice to all our own citi-
zens, I hope, in so strong a case as this, they
will not refuse to make this slight appropria-
tion. Having already passed the inspection
of three or four Secretaries of the Interior
and Commissioners of Indian Affairs, having
undergone a very close scrutiny in the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, it is again to be sub-
jected to the examination of the Secretary of
the Interior before he makes the payment. I
do hope the Senator will not object to this
amendment.
Mr. COLE. If Senators ever expect to get
through with this bill I hope they will vote to
lay this amendment on the table, and I make
that motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will do
justice.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the amendment do lie
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 10.
Mr. HOV?E. I must no w renew the motion
to amend that I submitted some little time
since. It is to insert the following clause :
To enable the joint Committee on the Library to
procure, collate, translate, arid publish all the doc-
uments rela&ing to the early history oi the West
from the time ot" the discovery of the great lake by
Dollier de Cossin and Galinee ili 16t>9to the expedi-
tions of Varennesde Veandcrie to the Rocky mount-
ains in 1752, together witheriticalnotes, biographical
notices, and copies of the authentic portraits arm
maps which arc now preserved in the archives or tne
French navy at Paris, $s,000.
I wish to say for the satisfaction of the {sen-
ator from California, that, since [ offered this
amendment before, 1 have made diligent search
to find his colleague on the Committee of Ap-
propriations, [Mr. Edmunds,] but I have not
succeeded in doing that. I have considerable
