1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
sent to the Senate propose to raise those
salaries $2,000 each; that is, to give to the
Chief Justice $8,500 and to the associate jus-
tices $8,000. The committee on the part of the
Senate, not satisfied with the bill as it comes
from the House, have proposed an amendment,
makingthe salary of the Chief Justice $10,500,
and of the associate justices $10,000, thus
raising the salary of the judges of the Supreme
Court §4,000 each.
Mr, STEWART. Now let me ask the Sen-
ator whether that is any increase in point of
fact above their salaries when they were fixed
by law before? I think they were fixed about
twenty years ago. Is this sum any higher than
the sum fixed originally was then? The in-
crease is forty per cent. Has not the price of
living increased more than forty per cent, since
the present salary was fixed?
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Senator if the
price of living has increased since 1865. Have
they not been able to live oil these salaries for
the last seven years? I ask him also if the
expense of living of the judges of the courts is
increased more than the expense of living of
members of Congress, or members of the Cabi-
net, or the Comptrollers and Auditors of the
Treasury of the United States?
Mr. STEWART. Those salaries were fixed
a long time since. The salaries of the judges
were fixed twenty years ago, and the increased
cost of living in that time is greater than the
percentage by which we propose to increase
their salaries now. When this is done, the
judges will not be in the same comfortable
position as to salary, comparatively, as they
were when the present salary was fixed. As
to members of Cougress, our salary was fixed
three or four years ago.
Mr. CRAGIN. About six years ago.
Mr. STEWART. It was two years after I
came here, po that it must have been four
years ago. As to members of the Cabinet, the
Vict- President, and Speaker of the House of
Representatives, I submitted an amendment
which I was induced to withdraw at the re-
quest of the acting chairman of the Committee
oil Appropriations; but I propose to offer it
on some other bill. I think they do not get
enough.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am not saying that the
present salary is enough, and I should be will-
ing to vote for the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives; but to add §4,000
at one swoop to the salary of the judges of the
Supreme Court in my judgment is too much.
The Senator from Nevada says that he has an
amendment which he proposes to offer to this
or some other bill, increasing the pay of the
Secretaries and the Vice President. That is
what 1 expected ; and it is for that reason
that I call attention to this amendment here
at the outset, so that it may be understood
that it' we increase these salaries we cannot
with anything like justice stop short of in-
eieasing the salaries of the Cabinet officers
and the Vice President and others connected
with the civil department of the Government.
I remember, a few years ago, when the sal-
ary of the district judge in New Hampshire
was §2,000, and it was then regarded as the
bebt office in the State. It is now §3,500, and
by this amendment it is proposed to make it
$5,000. If the section is to pass I shall not
object that a friend of mine shall receive this
salary; but I do say here in this Senate, in my
place, that the salary is too much, is too large.
If the Senate proposes to enter on the subject
and to increase these particular salaries in this
way, J want them to be prepared to increase
the salaries of other officers whom it costs just
as much to live.
All this talk about judges being poor and
their property being mortgaged to one suitor
in court is an argument that would be the low-
est kind of pettifogging in a justice's court.
Whether n man bo an upright or a corrupt
man or not does not depend on the amount
of money he bus. If the temptation is big
enough, and he is made in a way to be cor-
rupted, he will be corrupted ;-it is not because
he has not enough to eat.
But, as I said in the outset, I believe that
these salaries are too small; and I should be
willing to vote for the bill as it came from
the House; but to increase these salaries so
enormously as they are proposed to be in-
creased by this amendment I believe will oper-
ate injuriously. I think that if we agree to
it we shall have to enter upon a system of
increased salaries which will greatly enlarge
our expenses; and I therefore wish to call
the attention of the Senate specially to this
matter, to show the great increase that is pro-
posed. If men have lived on a salary of
$6,000 during the past two or three years I
believe they can live on $8,000 for the next
two or three years.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish before the Senator
from New Hampshire takes his seat that he
would state to the Senate what the salaries
of the district judges of the -United States are
under the bill as it came from the House?
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not know whether
the House increased the salaries of district
judges or not.
Mr. COLE. They did not.
Mr. CRAGIN. I understand not. They
left them as the law now leaves them. The
district judges are left with the salary now
fixed by law. The salaries vary, as the Sen-
ator from Michigan knows, from four thou-
sand to two thousand five hundred dollars,
I think.
Mr. HOWARD. I notice in the bill this
clause:
For salaries of the district judges of the United
States, S175.0U0.
How much does that allow to each district
judge is the question; or is there no equality?
Mr. CRAGIN. There is no equality. They
vary from four thousand to two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Mr. COLE. They vary from three thousand
five hundred to five thousand dollars. Two
of them, one in New York and one in San
Francisco, get each §5,000. Ail the rest are
lower than that; many of them get $4,000,
and some $3,500.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I feel no inter-
est in this amendment except as it relates to
the salaries of the supreme judges. As to the
salaries of the judges of the inferior courts I
feel no interest whatever; or rather, I should
say, very little 'interest. I want them to have
an adequate salary. But the Supreme Court
of the United States is one of the departments
of our Government, and it is a department, in
my judgment, of infinitely more dignity, power,
and value to the people of the United States
than either of the others. I would greatly
prefer to have an able and an upright Supreme
Court of the United States than to have an
able or upright Congress or President. It is ;
of much more importance to the people, to the I
safety and perpetuity of our institutions, to the !
great principles and compromises upon which
our Government has been adjusted, that we
should have such a court. That court is the
sheet-anchor of our Government; and when-
ever it fails to perform its great functions the
Government is not worth preserving. The
value of the Government practically to the
people, to the securemeat of their rights of
person, property, and liberty, to the perpetu-
ation of freedom and of constitutional gov-
ernment, is reposed mainly in that court. I
therefore want the highest talent, the highest
intellectual ability, the highest legal attain-
ment, and the loftiest integrity and virtue that
can be found in the whole country, to be com-
bined in the judges of the court. And I desire,
and it is the interest of the people, it is the
interest of our institutions, that the men who
are to fill the office of supreme judge shall
have an adequate salary, sufficient, to command
the very highest ability in the whole land.
Now, Mr. President, we all know that the
present contemptible salary is no inducement
whatever to such a man to accept the office.
As it was said wisely and justly by the Senator
from Nevada, the men who are competent to
fill such offices are not the men who make
money. I subscribe to the good sense, to the
truth, and to the justice of all his remarks
in relation to that court. They spoke my
own sentiments better than I can utter them
myself.
But, Mr. President, the question is not now
whether or not men can live upon $6,000 com-
fortably. The true question is this : will that
salary command the -adequate talent and the
virtues and integrity that ought to adorn that
august tribunal ? We all know that it does not.
There are men there who are ornaments to
the court, I concede; but they are poorly paid,
contemptibly paid.
Congress offers them a salary that is not dis-
graceful to the court, or derogatory to it, but
derogatory to the power that creates the salary.
I would be ashamed myself to go from this
Chamber with a vote restricting the salary to
the present amount, or to any amount that is not
ample and reasonable to command the loftiest
talents and virtue in the whole country. I be-
lieve that 810,000 will do it. If any salary at
all would command the requisite character of
men I think that would. Where men would
decline to take the office with that salary they
would be actuated by the motive to make
money, to pile up a fortune; but men of great
natural ability, of profound learning in the
law, of the highest virtue and simplicity and
integrity of character, are the men that ought
to go upon that bench; and they are men that
cannot be induced to go upon it at the present
salary ; or if they could be, it is disgraceful to
I Congress to offer them a salary of six or eight
thousand dollars a year. I am for giving them
the salary proposed by the amendment of the
Senate Committee; and I do not think it too
much. I think that it would be unjust to this
great court, unjust to the august and great
powers that are confided to it, unjust to the
people of the United States, unjust to the
hope of perpetuity of our institutions, to offer
them a less salary. I shall therefore vote with
the greatest cheerfulness for the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I am will-
ing to vote for a reasonable increase of these
salaries. I think they all ought to be increased
to a certain extent, though it strikes me that
the figures put down by the committee are
entirely too steep for a single effort. I think
the bill, as it came from the House, if that
rate of increase had extended to the various
judges of the courts included in the amend-
i ment of our committee, .would have been a
reasonable one, and such as would have re-
ceived my vote. I am not one of those per-
sons who believe that high salaries secure either
independence or great personal integrity. On
the contrary, they have a tendency to corrupt
rather than preserve the integrity of any indi-
vidual. If the salaries were increased to ten
times what they are here, it would not secure
or purchase the highest talent of the country.
The country has to take the talent that is given
to it by those who have the right to choose.
They do not go out and select the best talent
the country affords; nor do those persons who
are in search of great salaries.
Kor does it connect them more nearly with
the poor or increase their 'sympathies with the
poor, and those who have to be protected by
their decisions, to give judges very high salaries.
It elevates them above and separates them
more distinctly from that class of people; and
so far from being an advantage in this respect
it is a disadvantage. I shall therefore have to
vote against this very great and unreasonable
increase of salary at the present time, seeing
that we are now approaching a specie stand-
ard when there is not so great a reason for
increasing salaries as there was four or five
years ago.
Mr. t'ASSERLY. Mr. President, I trust I
