1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
immediately the money already expended will
be thrown away. The Secretary of War has
recommended it, aud so has every officer of
the Department who haa had anything to do
with this improvement. I desire to incorporate
with my remarks the report of General Weifc-
zel. it is as follows:
United States Engineer Office,
Louisville, Kentucky, J)ccember 17,1870.
Dear Sir: I address you as one of the Committee
ou Appropriations in the United States House of
Representatives, to urge upon you the great import-
ance of making the immediate appropriation of
§200,000 for the improvement of the falls of the Ohio
and the Louisville canal, and also an appropriation
ot $250,000 tor the same purpose with the river and
harbor bill, as requested in my annual report to the
chief of engineers for the fiscal year ending June
30,1870.
I wish first to say to you that I asked for these sums
in tho manner in which X did because the best inter-
ests of the work, the commerce, and the country de-
mand it. If given at any other time or in any other
amounts there will be great injury to commerce and
loss to the Government, and for the following reason:
last year I asked for $450,000 for this work. \our
committee recommended $250,000, and I received it.
Now, what was the result? The $250,000 was barely
sufficient to do the rock and earth excavation inci-
dent to the widening of the wretched ditch with
which the commerce of this great valley has been
compelled tocontent itself during thelast forty years,
and for the use of which it has been robbed ot over
live million dollars in'cash, paid for getting around
an obstruction in a national highway. t
But in order that this $250,000 appropriated by
you should suffice to make the excavation it was
necessary that the earth slopes should be made very
steep. Tho resuit is that they are already caving, and
I have been compelled at some points to hold these
slopes up with temporary expedients in anticipa-
tion of an immediate appropriation of the'§200,001)
which you failed togive last year. Unless this amount
is appropriated at once there will not be enough
time to quarry the stone before the next season tor
the new walls which must be rebuilt to sustain the
sides of the canal, and these (already caving) would
assuredly fall in, and then make a heavy additional
expense to reexeavate the fallen eai tfa. These stones
must be quarried during this winter, and boatea to
the ground, so that the wall can be run up rapidly
and liuished in a few months.
If you delay iu making this immediate appropria-
tion you will postpone the conclusion of this work
to an additional season, and thus necessitate the
closing of the canal during an additional season,
and I have only to point, to tho experience ot the
past season to enable you to see what this means.
I had scarcely had the canalclosed this year dur-
ing three months when a universal cry was raised,
from Pittsburg to St. Louis, and down to New Or-
leans, and I was overwhelmed with letters and dis-
patches begging me to open the canal. Thousands
of iirrns lost, oa an average, between fifty and one
hundred dollars a week on freights alone.
To iilustrateherethe failure on the partof Congress
to appropriate the sums I ask for works a loss to the
Treasury, tho experience of last year will suffice.
If you had given me the $450,000 which I asked for
I could have put the new walls under contract at the
earne time llie excavation was_ going on. The rock
which we excavate in enlarging this canal is the
finest kind of building material, and could have then
been quarried and lifted into its place in the new
walls. But with tho appropriation you gave ( as it
is all-important to get the enlarged opening first)
we were compelled to blast this rock, and thus break
it all to pieces. Now, when you give a new appro-
priation we will have to go twenty miles up the
river and buy stone not as good as we; have.been com-
pelled to break up and waste. I invariably have
a^ked for appropriations for this wont which would
have enabled me to carry it on in a business-like
wav. just- as you or I would build a house; but tne
allotments and appropriations have
dribbles, compared to my estimate ot the cost ol tne
whole work, that I have been much cramped and
the Government hasdost money. Then, people see
that the work ia not going on in a P'?PW 8tyl° ^n<t
blame me for it, when the fault is higher up. ror
this reason X am so urgentin this matter, and tor the
great reason, which every one knows who lives near
here, that this is the most important public work in
the country. The toll that is levied on vessels pass-
ing through this canal (incomplete as it is) comes
from the poeketsof nearly one half of the people
of this country—all who consume coal, pork, bacon,
&c., below, and ail who consume conee, sugar, mo-
lasses, &e., above. _ . .. - fV 
My original estimate for the completion of this
work was $1,200,000. T have now received in three
years only about five hundred and fifteen thousand
dollars. The work should have been finished now■it
it could have been carried on properly. kow, when
you consider that this work, when completed accord-
mi to my will have cost tne Government
oiilv about two million three hundred and seventy-
five thousand dollars, and that it is certainly worth
&5 oOU.OOO, do you think it strange that I
Vr have said, that if the river and harbor bill had
onlvthe s&Kli item in it, (the improvement of the
foils of the Ohio and the Louisville and Portland
einal ) it would only be an act of justice to the peo-
i-jr. nf this valley, who have been robbed, as X s<i.id
IXL of iver five millions of dollars, to get their
commerce around this obstruction in a national
highway? I sincerely wish that you could bring
your whole committee here to Louisville to see this
canal. I am confident you would go back and unani-
mously recommend the appropriations I ask for. I
am an officer of the Army, and am not interested in
this thing, only so far as I am very ambitious to com-
plete this work and have the credit for it; and I have
not stated the claims of the people of this great valley
in the matter of this work one particle too strongly;
on the contrary, the hundreds of printed documents,
statistics, and pamphlets on thissubjectwill giveyou
so many oft-repeated reasons in addition that I did
not think it necessary to mention them here.
To explain that when the canal, when completed
and belonging.to Government, will have cost it only
about two million three hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars;     .
The Government in 1828 to 1830 invested $233,oOO in
this canal. Up to 1842 it had received this money
back and $24,278 in cash more, and is, by assuming
the charge of the canal and complying with certain
terms of tho charter, its owner.
My estimate for its enlargement is about one mil-
lion two hundred thousand dollars, including the
dams above and below. The Government will, in
addition, bo compelled to assume a debt of about
one million two hundred thousand dollars, payable
in equal installment? in five, ten, and fifteen years,
and bearing a currency interest of six per cent.
Assuming that the Government would pay this
amount in cash, the cost of this work to the Govern-
ment would be $2,400,003. Cut the Government has
cleared cash on the work about twenty-five thousand
dollars, leaving $2,375,000 for a work which cost as
follows:
; Original canal  $1,000,000
.Enlargementandnew locks andbrauch by
the companyfrom thetoll collected, &c., 1,800,000
Proposed expenditure by the Government
according to my estimate....;  1,200,000
Total  $4,000,000
The work to-day is worth a great deal more than
this on account of the rise in the value of real estate,
its great va'uc as a water-power, and the cheapness
ot labor and material when the original canal was
built.
I am, sir, truly yours, &<?., Q^Em?JL,
Major of Engineers.
Hon. James B. Buck.
United States House of Representatives.
Now, one word about tlie amendment offered
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn.] General Humphreys made it appa-
rent to the Committee on Appropriations that
unless an appropriation is made now for the Des
Moines rapids the work already done will suffer
great damage from the ice and the floods in the
Mississippi river early in the spring. If we
make the appropriation now he assures us that
they can put up • a wall that will protect this
canal and prevent any damage from being
done. If we do not give him $300,000 now
he says that it will probably cost the Govern-
ment $500,000. The work has so far progressed
that you cannot stop it now, and it is one of
great importance to the Government and to the
whole people,
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman how much
money has been expended on the Louisville
and Portland canal ?
Mr. BECK. If the gentlemau will read Gen-
eral Weitzel's report he will see how much has
been expended upon the Louisville and Port-
land canal. The work belongs to tlie Govern-
ment, and is worth twice as much as it will
cost when completed.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to know how much
has been expended upon it already.
Mr. HOLMAN. I can tell the gentleman.
One appropriation of $1/5,000 and anothei
of $250,000 are all that has been appropriated
by the Government or expended by it on this
W°Mr. CALKIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to appropriate $450,000 for Hell
Gate, New York, and I wish to say a word upon
this subject. . t c ,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the pomtof order
on that amendment that it is not in accordance
with existing law.
Mr. CALKIN. I withdraw that amendment
and move to strike out the last word. I can-
not understand why it is particularly necessary
that we should appropriate some five or six
hundred thousand dollars at this time for
these works ahead of all the other appropria-
tions that are called for all over the country by
our commercial iuterests. We were told at the
last session of Congress that there was neces-
sity of immediate action for (he .Des .Moin.es
rapids. We were also told of thenesftessity.o.f
immediate.action for this Louisville and Port-
land canal., Now, sir, this Congress wjll Ad-
journ on the 4th,of March next, whicU is.but
seven weeks from this time, and-we are all.well
aware of the fact that if this money .be appro-
priated to-day it will be of no particular use
to the Government officials.until next spring.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman yielil
to me for a-moment?
Mr. CALKIN. I cannot yield ; I have but
five minutes.
• Mr. HOLMAN. You are entirely mistaken.
Mr. CALKIN. I am not mistaken.. Very
little work can be done this winter; and I can-
not see the necessity of coming before this
body and asking for an appropriation ahead
of all the other appropriations for similar
works. I shall certainly vote against both
these appropriations.
Mr. ilAWLEY. I wish to say a single word
in answer to the objections that have been
made here to the appropriations for the Des
Moines rapids. This is not a new work, but it
is one upon which a large sum of money has
already been expended. At the last session
of Congress four or five hundred thousand dol-
lars were appropriated to continue the work.
Now, the engineer department finds itself this
winter in just this condition ; having expended
the money heretofore appropriated upon the
canal, it has a large portion of the embank-
ment completed, so far as the earthwork ia con-
cerned, but it has not finished the stone, which
is usually called " riprapping," placed upon
it for the purpose of protecting it from the cur-
rents and ice in the river.
Now, it appears from the report of the chief
of engineers that unless this money shall now
be appropriated, so that this work may be done
before the ice goes out of the river iu the
spring, in that event the expenditure made
during the past year will be lost, for the reason
that this embankment will be carried away.
Now, this is not a work the propriety or
necessity of which can be questioned by any
member of this House; 1 mean the work on
the canal. Every man who knows anything
of it, in Congress or out of Congress, will con-
cede that it is a great national work, and such
a one as ought to be prosecuted to its comple-
tion. The only objection now raised is that
this appropriation should not be made .until
the regular appropriation bill comes up. In
answer to that, I say that it is necessary that
this appropriation should now be made in
order to save great loss to the Government,
by reason of the embankment being carried
away by the flood and ice in the spring.
Mr. CALKIN. I withdraw the amendment'.
Mr. CONGER. 1 renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, while I do not desire to oppose
a proper appropriation for either of these
works now under consideration, I do desire
to ask this House to let these appropriations
remain where they have been reierred, with
the Committee on Commerce, who have spent
a great deal of time already this session m pre-
paring a bill to submit to this House for all the
appropriations for all the rivers and harbors in
the United States that ordinarily receive appro-
priations. That bill is nearly prepared.
I venture to say that no other committee and
no other gentlemen in this House have devoted
one tenth part of the time to the examination
of such public works in the United States that
the sub-committee of the Committee on Com-
merce have given for the last two years; and
I think it would be very unwise for thi3 House
to single out one or two or three or half a, dozen
of the gieat works for which appropriations
are asked and pass them "without advisement,
without consultation, and without the assent
of the Committee on Commerce.
The Des Moines rapids improvement, has
already received one fourteenth of all the ap-
propriations which the Congress of the United
