1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
if there are district judges or circuit judges
who are not proper men, the best policy is to
put the salary at such a figure as to attract such
men and bring them within the range of pos-
sible candidates for the bench of the United
States.
I hope, Mr. President, that the Senate will
adopt the amendment of the committee in this
regard, believing that, although the increase
just now proposed is a considerably large per-
centage over the old salaries, it is altogether
late enough to delay what is simply a tardy act
of justice.
Mr. RICE. I wish to say one word in regard
to this proposed amendment to strike out the
increase of salary for the district judges. In
the portion of the country with which I am best
acquainted those judges are really the judges
who do the business of the country. They are
the judges who have to perform all the real
work that is done. They are on duty not only
in court, but they perform duties in vacation
that occupy their whole time, and they reside
in a section of country where the expenses of
living are very different from what they are in
the North. The expense of living in the capi-
tal of any one of the southern States is equal
to the expense of living here; and no man
upon the salary that a district judge gets there
can support his family. The judge in Arkansas
receives $3,500 a year. I know the fact that
he cannot support and maintain his family
upon that salary, and like all other pretty good
lawyers he has no qualification to make money
outside. His mind is upon his profession, and
no better judge exists in the country. In order
that the services of such men may be secured
they must have better salaries in the southern
country. I do not know how it is North. I
do not know whether they have that much
business to do. I do not know but that the
other judges help them out some; but in our
country they do not. The district judges do
the work and they get the smallest amount of
pay ; and I know we have as much ability upon
our bench as can be found in any other State.
I hope that if any amendment is to be adopted
to this section it will not be that one. The
salaries of the district judges certainly should
be increased.
Mr. COLE. Judging from the progress, or
rather want of progress, on this bill thus far,
it is evident that we shall not get through with
it even at a late hour this afternoon. There-
fore I move that at half past four o'clock the
Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. NYE. Oh, no; let us sit right on.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had betterhold
on until six o'clock.
Mr. NYE. I think we can get through this
bill in a couple of hours more.
Mr. COLE. Senators evidently are not
mindful of the fact that there are other appro-
priation bills back pressing equally with this,
and if we meet in the evening and get through
with this bill at an early period, we can make
some progress upon the next. The reason for
the motion, therefore, is not based upon this
bill alone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say to my
friend from California that I should be very
glad indeed if I supposed he could get through
this bill by sitting here until six o'clock or by
meeting this evening. I do not believe that
he will succeed in getting through this bill this
evening at all; he will have to take another
day for it; and I think we shall accomplish
just about as much by sitting an hour or two
longer as by attempting to meet this even-
ing. It is very difficult to get a quorum at an
evening session. I think we had better go
on with the bill now and get as far with it as
we can.
Mr. COLE. I have only to remark in reply,
that if there is the general discussion on every
question that yet remains to be considered
on this bill that there has been on this amend-
ment of course we cannot get through with
it to-night; but I hope that some of those who
are so very anxious to talk upon every ques-
tion that arises, or upon this question, may
have other business to attend to to-night, and
we may make some progress with the bill. The
Indian appropriation bill can be disposed of,
perhaps, while there may not be a quorum
present. It is subject now to amendment by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and I pre-
sume there will not be much discussion over
that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that at half past four o'clock to-day
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us go on with the
bill, and try to finish it without a recess.
Mr. COLE. I ask for a division on the
motion, so as to ascertain the sense of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 27, noes 21.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to modify my
amendment by withdrawing the proposition
to strike out the words " and of each district
judge, $5,000." On looking at the pay of these
judges I find that they are very nearly even
now—more so than I supposed they were ; and
the increase is not a large one. I therefore
withdraw that portion of my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment to the amendment,
as now modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment, as modified, proposes to strike
out in line four the word "ten" and insert
"eight;" in line six, to strike out the word
"ten" and insert "eight;" in line seven to
strike out the words "five hundred;" and in
line ten to strike out the words "five hun-
dred so that the amendment will read:
That from and after the said 1st day of July, 1871,
the annual salary of the Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States shall be $8,500, and
thea,nnual salary of each of the associate justices of
the Supreme Court shall bo $8,000, and of each cir-
cuit judge, $7,000; and of the chief justice of the
Court of Claims, and of the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, $6,000;
and of each judge of the Court of Claims and of each
justice of the supremo court of the District of
Columbia, ?tj,000; and of each district judge, $5,000.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I have
heard much said pro and con on the subject of
the increase of these salaries. I am opposed
to any increase of salaries, and for the reason
that t will briefly give. I have heard it said,
and well said, that this is a proposition for
greater security in procuring talent and in-
tegrity upon the bench. That argument is not
new to me. I have heard it before. I voted
upon that basis at the last session, and I take
it for granted that that argument will be con-
tinued whenever such a proposition as this
is brought forward.' Now, sir. various judges
have been recently appointed in various States.
In my own State we have had a good deal of
conflict upon that interesting subject, as I may
term it. I discover that there are volunteers
in great number, innumerable, from the vari-
ous States North, who are ready to go down to
Texas, risking their health and all other con-
siderations, and serve as judges at a salary of
$3,500 per annum. There is no law known to
me whereby attorneys of ability or others are
drafted into the judicial service. They come
forward themselves voluntarily, and they im-
portune me almost day in and day out for posi-
tions in Texas.
I heard it said by my warm and mueh-loved i
friend who lives down by me in Arkansas [Mr. i
Rice] that $3,500 will not pay a judge in his j
country; that the judges there cannot live on j
that salary. And yet, sir, remarkable as it 1
may appear, persons there are importuning
me daily for positions. I say these men are
not drafted, and the gentlemen now occupy-
ing these positions who cannot live on these fat
salaries, as I should be disposed to term them,
are free men; they can resign at any time;
and if they do the vacancies will be sought
after by untold hundreds; nay, sir, to go broad-
cast through the Union, by thousands. It is
therefore idle to say to me, for one, that judges
of ability and integrity cannot be procured at
the present salary.
There is another consideration which has
not been stated here, and which seems not to
have been looked to 
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to inquire of
my friend from Texas whether that innumer-
able horde of candidates who come down here
for judgeships are, in his opinion, men fit to
hold the places if they had them ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I do not know whether
they are or not. All men are presumed to be
good until the contrary is proved. [Laughter. J
They are perfect strangers to me, and I know
nothing about them. Therefore there is no
difficulty upon that branch of the subject. I
take it to be a very clear proposition that there
is no likelihood of vacancies occurring because
of the smallness of the salary. But there are
propositions presented here from day to day
in connection with this subject, asking to have
districts divided up, to be carved out so as to
place A, B, and C very snugly ; and the wis-
dom and magnanimity of this great Govern-
ment, looking to their protection in the future,
after these gentlemen have sacrificed their
health so patriotically for the country, pro-
vides that when they are retired they shall
continue to draw their salary. The man who
would not seek a position of this kind at the
present salary is remiss to his duty. I think
they are abundantly paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. STEWART. I shall call for the yeas
and nays if that proposition is to be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. „ Let us have the yeas and
nays. I ask for the yeas and nays. I think
it is a very good time to take them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts does not make any distinction in
his proposition between the chief justice of the
Courtof Claims and the other members of that
court, nor between the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia and
the rest of the court.
Mr. HAMLIN. We all understand that.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I understand that the
amendment to the amendment now does not
embrace the district judges?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The_ district
judges are not touched by the amendment to
the amendment as it now stands.
The question being taken by yeas and naj.-,,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Chandler, Conkling. Cragin, Flanagan. J'oif-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilamilt'm of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, JMv.-■ ■,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroj, I'uii,
Sherman, Sprague, Stearns, Thayer, Tipion, View-
ers. Wiliey, and Wilson—2'.t.
NAYS—Me:-srs. Anthony,Bayard, lirownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly, Corbett, Davis, IMmmvU, il.il,
Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, 0-bovn, Poo!,
Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer. 6eo:r, ^prn-
cer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner,
and Wiliams—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Caitel', Ci ! \
Fcnton, Ferry, Howell, Lewis, Morrill of Main?,
Morton, Patterson, Ramsey, Sauisbury, ^ciuuz,
Thnrman, and Yates—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have now equalized
the salaries of all the district judges. It is
well known that the services of the district
judges are by no means equal. We have a
statute which authorizes the judge of the cir-
cuit court to call upon the judge of one district
to go into another to do business; and there
used to be a law allowing the judge who was
taken away from his own district his expenses.
That law was somewhat abused, and a few
years ago we repealed it, at the time when we
raised the salaries of the district judges. We
