r18T4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
In tho draft of a federal government submitted
on the same day by Charles Pinckney is this provis-
ion, in article tnree:
4* All money bills of every kind shall originate in
the House of Delegates, and shall not be altered by
the Senate." (Ibid., p. 146.)
On the 31st of May the sixth resolution of Mr.
Randolph was adopted. (Ibid., p. 153.)
On tho 13th of June Mr. Gerry moved to add the
following words to the fifth resolution reported by
the committee, being the sixth offered by Mr. Ran-
dolph. (see page 181,) namely: "excepting money
bills which shall originate in the first branch of the
national Legislature." This wa? nee&tiyed—yeas 3,
nays 8. (Ibid., p. 174.)
On the 19th of June the Committee of the Whole
reported on tho resolutions submitted by Mr. Ran-
dolph, and the fifth resolution as reported by them
is,. " that each branch ought to possess the right of
originating acts." (Ibid., page 181.)
On the 26th of Juno this passed unanimously.
(Ibid., p. 191.)
It was at this stage the Convention reached the
question of representation in the two branches of
Congress, and as this is alleged to have entered into
the final settlement of the question we are consider-
ing, it is proper it should be noticed.
On the 2d of July a committee was elected by bal-
lot, consisting of one member from each State, to
"whom the resolutions (the seventh and eighth) pro-
viding for representation were referred.
On the 5th of July that committee recommended
teethe Convention the following propositions :
*1. That, in the first branch of the Legislature,
each of the States now in the Union bo allowed one
member for every forty thousand inhabitants of tho
description reported in the seventh resolution of the
Committee of the Whole House; that each State not
containing that number shall be allowed one mem-
ber ; that all bi Us for raising or appropriating money,
and for fixing the salaries of tho officers of the Gov-
ernment of tho United States, shall originate in the
first branch of tho Legislature, and shall not be
altered or amended by the second branch ; and that
no money shall bo drawn from the public Treasury
butin pursuance of appropriations to bo originated
by the first branch.
"2. That, in the second branch of the Legisla-
ture, each State shall have an equal vote." ({bid,,
page 191.)
On the Oth of July tho first part of tho first propo-
sition was referred to aselcct committee, and that part
providing for "bills for raising or appropriating
money." &c., being submitted to a vote was declared
adopted, tho votes standing thus—yeas, 5 States;
nays,3States; divided,3 States. (Ibid., pages 195-6,)
On tho 16th of July the whole suhjeot of repre-
sentation and money bills was ombodiod in a report
which fixed the number of Representatives, pro-
vided that representation ought to be proportioned
according to direct taxation, and for a census, gavo
each State equal leprescntation in tho Senato, and
contained thisproviMon:
1 %Jle8olved, That all bills for raising or appropri-
ating money, and for Qxmg tho salaries of the offi-
cers of the Government ot the United States, shall
originate in tho fhstbranch of the Legislature of the
United States, and shall not bo altered or amendod
by the second branch; and that no money shall bo
drawn from the public Treasury but in pursuance of
appropriations to bo originated by the first branch."
(ibid., pages 205-6.)
On the 2<Jth oi July oil the propositions previously
adopted were referred to the Committee of Detail.
(Ibid., pages 22D-2.)
On the Oth of August tho committee reported a
rlralt of a constitution, (page224,)in whichsection
five of articiefour is in the same words as the reso-
lution above quoted from page 206. Section twelve
ot article six also reads: "each House shall possess
iheright of originating bills except in tho cases be-
fore mentioned."
We now come to the point where the action was
taken fixing the number of Representatives and
Senators, and striking out the fifth section of the
fourth article, as before adopted. This action took
place on the 8th ot August. (Ibid., 232-4.) Tho sec-
tion thus struck out wa-s again moved on the 13th of
August and rejected. (Ibid., page 241.)
ft is stated in tho Madison Papers (pages 1268,
1297,1300) that this was a motion to reconsider the
rejection, and that it prevailed. Tho voto after
reconsideration is given upon the separato propo-
sitions. (Jbid., page 131(5.)
On the fiist part, a* to tho exclusive originating of
money bills in the J louse, it stood—ayes 4, nays 7;
on originating by the House and amending by the
Senate—uyes 4, nays 7.
On the lai-=t clause, as to drawing money on appro-
priations, which must originate in the House—ayes
1, nays 10.
On the loth of August this provision was again
offered as an amendment to the twelfth section of
the sixth article of reported draft, and its con-
sideration was postponed.—1 Elliot's Debates, page
On the 5th of September the committee reported a
substitute lor the twelfth section of the sixth article,
which, on tho 8th of September, was adopted in the
words which now make the seventh section of the
first article, and upon the true meaning of which
the House and Senate differ. (Ibid., 285, 295.)
This may seem a tedious and perhaps unnecessary
detail of the steps which preceded the adoption of
this section. At tho risk of this criticism, it has been
gives, as we desire by this history, and refening to
th© debates as given in tho Madison Papers, but
woi0fc*we have-not quoted, to show—
Jrvr$$, 'J&afc th§ Convention started with the two
opposite ideas before it, namely: "that each House
ought to possess the right of originating acts," and
"that all money bills of every kind shall originate
in the House of Delegates, and shall not be altered
by the Senate."
Second. That until the question of representation
in the Houses was reached, the first of these proposi-
tions was twice adopted, and the second, when pre-
sented as an amendmentto the first, was rejected.
Third. That tho first timo the limitation of the
power of the Senate to originate bills of any class
received the sanction of the Convention was while
the question of representation was unsettled and in
the hands of a committee; and then, out of eleven
States, but five voted for it, three being divided, and
three voting no.
Fourth. That when this limitation was reported
back by the committee, accompanied by the fixing
of representation in the House and Senate, the vote
stood—ayes 5, noes 4, divided 1.
Fifth. That when it was thus adopted the original
proposition of Mr. Randolph, that 44 each House
ought to possess the right of originating acts," also
stood as adopted.
Sixth. That after the representation in the House
and the Senate was fixed, those provisions before
adopted, which required appropriation bills, and
bills fixing salaries of officers, and denied the power
of amendment to the Senate, wore stricken out, and
the efforts afterward made to reinsert them failed.
Seventh. That it was claimed in the Senate that
section five of article four should have been retained
with these limitations in it, because it was a compro-
mise to secure the larger States against the imposi-
tion of taxes by bills originating in the Senate, where
the States had equal representation; that, notwith-
standing this, it was stricken out; and that of the
five largcrStates to which this was considered appli-
cable three of them had uniformly voted against all
limitation on the power of the Senate.—Madison
Pavers, vol. 3, pages 126S-7,1306-16,
In tho light of this history andsummary we place,
in parallel columns, the section which was stricken
out and the section as it was reported by the com-
mittee and adopted.
Stricken out. As adopted.
"All bills for raising or 44AH bills for raising
appropriating money and revenue shall originate in
for fixing tho salaries of the House of Represent-
theofficersoftheGovern- atives; but the Senate
ment shall originate in may propose or concur
the House of Represent- with amendments as on
atives, and shall not be other bills. No money
altered or amended by shall, be drawn from the
the Senate. No money Treasury but in conse-
shall be drawn from the quence of appropriations
public Treasury but in made by law."
pursuance of appropria-
tions. which shall origin-
ate in the House of Rep-
resentatives."
The first clause of the section as adopted is now
the seventh section of the first article, the second
clause being transferred by the revising committee
to section nine. Beforecommenting upon the mean-
ing of the clauso as adopted, it is proper also to in-
sert here the form of words which Mr. Randolph
desired to use in reinserting the rejected clause:
"Article four, section five, being reconsidered—
"Mr. Randolph moved that the clause be altered so
as to read:4 bills for raising money for the purpose
of revenue, or for appropriating the same, shall ori-
ginate in the House of Representatives.'—Madison
Paper8, pages 1305-6.
The object of this amendment was declared to be
to exclude the idea that the section extended to all
bills which might incidentally affect the revenue.
With all this in remembrance, tho committee of
revision reported the words as they now stand in
section seven, article one.
Now, recurring to the section stricken out, and
looking at the parts omitted, which are placed in
ttaJics, it will be apparent that the omission of the
proposed restrictions upon the power of the Senate
is equal to an express affirmation that the Senate
has the power—-
First. To originate appropriation bills;
Second. To originate bills for fixing the salaries of
the officers of the Government, and, by way of em-
phasizing the fact, a reassertion;
Third. That money may bedrawn from the Treas-
ury upon appropriations which do not originate in
the House of Representatives.
In view of this clear declaration of the intent of
the framers of the Constitution, which would seem
to leave no room for question as to the only power
intended to be vested in the House to the exclusion
of the Senate, let us see what has been the practice
of Congress under it.
And first, as to appropriation bills. It is true that
the power to originate them is not in question now ;
but having shown, as we think clearly, that the
Senate has that power, it is well to look at tho
exent to which this claim of exclusive right is pushed,
how unfounded it is, and in what inconsistent posi-
tions the House has placed its own claim by its
action. When we find it asserted in one instance
and expressly repudiated in another, and when it is
a claim made in derogation of the power of the Sen-
ate, this double construction should certainly excuse
some doubt as to whether tho claim is well estab-
lished. And yet it is easy to demonstrate that the
House has both asserted and denied that "bills for
raising revenue " include appropriation bills. With-
out enumerating tho precedents to which we are
referred, it is sufficient to say that the acts of the
House •upon amendments to J,ts mn bills, and upon
those m%\n$Xin$in the Senate, come in direct anta^^
onism with each other. The claim has been that
appropriation bills are revenue bills within the
meaning of the Constitution. If an appropriation
bill is one of that class, then no amendment which
the Senate could add to it would be liable to objec-
tion, because the same clause of the Constitution
which requires them to originate in the House ex-
pressly empowers the Senate to amend them, as it
may amend other bills. < If it is not ono of that class
required by the Constitution to originate in the
House, then it is not a bill 44 for raising revenue,"
and may properly originate in the Senate.
The Post Office appropriation bill, in the second
session of tho Thirty-Fifth Congress, originated in
the House, and the Senate added an amendment
raising the rates of postage. When this was re-
turned to the House Mr. Grow objected that "said
amendment is in the nature of a revenue bill."—
Congressional Globe, March 3,1859, page 1567.
The bill was returned to the Senate, and, the Sen-
ate adhering to its view, it failed. This was a decis-
ion by the House that an appropriation bill is not
a revenue bill; for if it were, the amendment was
within the power of the Senate.
As to bills incidentally affecting the revenue, the
compromise tariff of 1833, the resolution of Mr, Mc-
Duffic, in 1844, to substitute the duties of the com-
promise bill lor those of the tariff of 1842, and tho
defeat of it, as also the action of tho House upon the
Treasury note bill of the Senate in 18J7, are referred
to by the managers on the part of the House to sus-
tain their position.
As to the compromise bill, it is sufficient to say
that upon its introduction into the Senate the point
was made against its reception that it contained one
section which increased duties on Kendall woolens,
although all the other sections reduced duties ; that
the objector (Mr. l^orsyth) agreed if that section
were withdrawn the bill could properly be intro-
duced in the Senate; that it was introduced not-
withstanding that section was retained;- and that
the debate and action upon its reception and pas-
sage indicate the opinion of theScnaie that a bill to
reduce duties could originate in the Senate. This
bill, although received and considered in the Sen-
ate, was not sent to the House, as a bill in the same
words was introduced there, and passed to avoid
this question, and the Senate passed it.
The action in 1844, laying upon tho table Mr. Mc-
Dutfie's resolution, indicates a different opinion; but
neither of these cases is at all parallel to the case m
hand. It will also bo noted that the Senate, which
was favorable to Mr. Clay's bill, received it as a
proper measure to originate in that body; and that
the Senate, which laid Mr. McDuffie's resolution
upon the table, was opposed to the measure it pro-
posed. It is probable the precedents loso some of
their value from these fftcts, when quoted upon a
question of constitutional law. The loan bill ot last
session is sufficient answer to the precedent of the
Treasury note bill without entering into an exam-
ination of the power under the Constitution to bor-
row money. The question might well be raided ,
whether the Senate has the power to originate a bill \
establishing a different mode of taxation, or a dif- 1
ferent scale of duties, even if they are reductions I
of the existing taxes and duties; for, whether it •
be more or less, a tax or duty imposed does raise /
revenue; but it seems to be a contradiction in terms '
to say that a bill to repeal a fepecial tax altogether,
and thus prevent the collection of revenue from that
source, is a bill for raising revenue. That the repeal
may necessitate the imposition of other taxes is
no argument against the power to introduce such a
bill. It would be equally good against the power
to originate a bill fixing the salaries ot officers of
Government, for every increase in these salaries
necessitates additional taxation ; and yet, we think
it has been shown that this power is undoubtedly
possessed by the Senate.
Besides, the repeal of tho tax cannot be accom-
plished without the concurrence of tho Represent-
atives of the people, who will then have the determ-
ination of whether it does require other taxes to be
laid, and if it does, what these taxes shall be. Thus
no safeguard of the people is taken away by the exer-
cise of this power by the Senate.
Again, if, as contended, the clause was intended as
a protection to the larger States against the imposi-
tion of taxes by origination in the Senate, where each
State has equal representation, how is this security
affected by permitting the Senate to originate a
measure for relief from that taxation which has
already originated in the House? If the larger
States can, by originating tax laws in the Hou.^e, do
injustice to the smaller ones, which havefewor Rep-
resentatives, may not the smaller States, through
the Senate, where each State is equal, at least make
the effort to procure justice from the House, by tend-
ing it a measure for repeal?
That no such view as that now taken has ever here-
tofore been seriously urged may fairly be interred
from the following list of laws upon the status
books, all of which originated in the Senate and
as will be seen by their titles, much more nearly
approach the character of revenue measures than
does the bill for the repeal of the income tax.
Others of similar character might doubtless be re-
ietred to if time permitted a more extended exam-
ination of the Journals, but these, begi nning in 1815
and coming down to the session of 1870, will suffice
to show the acquiescence ot Congress in the power
now questioned:
2*irst. Io repeal so much of the several acts im-
posing duties on the tonnage ot ships and vessels,
atiaoiigoou?, wares, and merchandise, imported into
the United States, as imposes discriminating duties.
(Statutes, vol. 3, p. 224,.ch. 77. Maroh 3. 1815.)
second. To continus la forije the Second section of
