1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43?
question now is, whether we shall pass this
appropriation bill at once, or stand on mere
technicalities and increase the expenses of the
Government to repair this work to double, and
perhaps greater than double, what is asked in
this bill'! I say that technicality ought not to
be allowed upon such an important question
as this.
Mr. Chairman, we who live in the Mississippi
valley appreciate the importance of this work.
The main channel of communication between
Pennsylvania and Ohio and Kentucky and the
other States, and the lower Mississippi, is the
Ohio river. If any bill should pass this House
to advance the interest of commerce then this
bill ought to pass, and pass at once, without
the least word of opposition. I hope the
House will not only pass this bill, but that
members will feel disposed to make the appro-
priation larger if necessary.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have objection
to the passage of this bill. In the first place,
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburx] makes an ap-
propriation of $341,000 for the Des Moines
rapids, which has never been considered in
committee, or if considered in committee is
not to be found in any report to the House.
Mr. BECK. It lias been considered.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from Kentucky presentsa bill, inthefirst place,
for the improvement of the Ohio river, and,
that bill being before the House, the gentle-
man from Wisconsin proposes to add a third
of a million of dollars for the purpose of some
improvement in which he is interested.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, rose.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have no time
to giveaway. The gentleman from New York
gels up to move a proposition equally as im-
portant, that is, for the improvement of Hell
Gate, in New York harbor, and while the
amendment making an appropriation in ad-
dition to the large appropriation smuggled
through last year is allowed to come in, these
gentlemen rise in their place and say that they
are not willing to allow an appropriation to be
made in this bill for the improvement of Hell
Gate. Now, sir, we want to know whether
the improvement of Hell Gate, the improve-
ments upon the southern coast, the improve-
ments in the lower Mississippi, the improve-
ments on Lake Michigan, and the other river
and harbor improvements are not just as im-
portant as the improvements of the Des Moines
rapids.
Our Committeeou Commerce, I will tellgen-
tlemen here, will be ready to report in a week.
We can report in reference to all these im-
provements just how much ought to be appro-
priated for the Des Moines rapids and for the
improvement of the Ohio river and for other
improvements. When we are confined to a
certain limit of appropriation for all these
works I do not think it is quite fair for any
one of these works to come in and ask for an
3 impropriation of one third of the entire amount.
There are other portions of the country to
be looked after, and there is no occasion for
these special appropriations. There cannot be
any damage done before another week, when,
if the Committee on Commerce is allowed, it
will be prepared to report, not only on this
project, but also on all the other great works
of the country.
I am surprised to find the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Daves] coming here and
claiming that these are two most important
works, forgetting Hell Gate, with all its jm-
mense commerce, forgetting also the project
for a canal in eastern Massachusetts at a cost
of §2,000,000. When are all these to come in ?
And how are all these projects oil the southern
coast to be taken care of? They are all to be
swamped, as they were last year, because the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
came in with his bill, and got it through to tuo
injury of every other project from Nexv York
to New Orleans. That is what he proposes to
do again, and that is why I am against this
proposition. If the gentleman would exer-
cise some liberality, and, after he gets his bill
through, do something for some one else, I
might not perhaps oppose him. Bat until I
see some such disposition on the part of the
gentleman from Wisconsin I am against his
amendment, and he need not appeal to me to
get bis pet project through while he opposes
everybody else. I ask the House to wait for a
week, until the Committee on Commerce sub-
mits a report for its action.
message from the president.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the cliair,
A message from the President of the United
States, in writing, was communicated to the
House, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, who also informed the House that
the President had approved this day abilland
joint resolutions of the following titles:
A bill (H. E. No. 2626) for the relief of
Harvey D. Scott, of Indiana;
A joint resolution (H. B. No. 188) provid-
ing for publishing specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 440) to enable
Robert C. Schenck, United States minister to
GreatBritain, to employ a private amanuensis.
tee late hon. john covode.
The SPEAKER announced as the commit-
tee to attend the funeral obsequies of the late
Hon. John* Covode, the following gentlemen:
Mr. Ulysses Mercur of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Robert T. Van Horn of Missouri, Mr. Darwiv
Phelps of Pennsylvania, Mr. John Beatty of
Ohio, Mr. Calvin W. Gilfillax of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Samuel B. Axtell of California,
Mr. J. Lawrexce Getz of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. Logan H. Roots of Arkansas.
l.olisville and portland canal.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. ALLISON obtained thefloorandyielded
to Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Tbecom-
mittee has heard the remarks of the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather.] I
was astonished to hear the gentleman make
the statement he did, and the unworthy ground
on which he bases his opposition. The gentle-
man, in objecting to this appropriation, states
what is untrue when he says that it has not
been considered in committee. It has been
considered fully by the Committee on Appro-
priations, and I was authorized to report it by
that committee this morning, and to offer it as
an amendment to the bill reported by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That is not the
proper committee. Such a proposition ought
to come from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no time to be interrupted.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish the gentleman to
yield to me for one remark.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I decline
to yield. The question has been fully consid-
ered by the Committee on Appropriations.
The reason why the committee took the juris-
diction was that if we waited^or the action of
the Committee on Commerce the appropria-
tion could not be used until next July, and if
■the appropriation was delayed until that time
great loss would ensue.
The gentleman stated that I came here last
year and got a similar appropriation, and then
turned around and opposed-everything else. I
say that is equally untrue. The gentleman can-
not point to any instance in which I opposed a
single appropriation that ought not to have
been opposed. Before the gentleman makes
such an assertion I want him to examine the
record, £nd let him point to a single case, if
he can. There was no appropriation which
the Committee on Commerce asked to be put
through the House which I opposed in any way,
and the gentleman ought, to know it. The
statement is not true in point of fact. I hare
found it necessary at times in the discharge of
my duty to oppose some appropriations and
many improper bills, and in doing.so I know
that I have interfered with what was desired
by some gentlemen here; but I intend, so long
as I hold a seat here, to oppose every measure
that I deem wrong or unjust; and however
much I may desire the passage of any bill, I
never intend to enter into any improper bar-
gains to secure it. I hope the gentleman from
Connecticut will hereafter be a little more care-
ful of his facts. This is a great public work,
far removed from my district, and if this appro-
priation is made it will secure it from the great
danger that now threatens it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This matter was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLISON, There seem to be two
objections to this appropriation for the Des
Moines rapids. One is that we do not pass all
these bills at once, and the other is that the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
does not vote in favor of every ball that comes
in here. Now, Mr. Chairman, this is a neces-
sary appropriation, and has been decided to
be such by Congress after Congress. And it
is not merely a question of time, whether the
bill shall be reported to-day or to-morrow or
next week. It is a question whether this
money shall be expended before the 1st day of
July next. These gentlemen on the Commit-
tee of Commerce know very well that if we
wait for their report this appropriation cannot
be expended until it is too late to expend it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Myers] argues against this appropriation en-
tirely because, forsooth, some other appropri-
ation has not been passed. I answer that there
is no appropriation so important to the State
of Pennsylvania as this appropriation. The
gentleman seems to forget that my constit-
uents in Iowa, and the people of Illinois and
of Wisconsin are compelled to go to the State
of Pennsylvania for the iron that is consumed
in those States, and we must submit to the
grinding charges of railroad corporations, or
we must have a free and open channel from
the Ohio river to the Mississippi river, to the
great communities which consume the products
of Pennsylvania. Why, sir, the cities border-
ing on the Mississippi river are compelled to
go to Pittsburg for coal.
Mr. BECK. On which Louisville charges
only half a dollar per ton.
Mr. ALLISON. And now, when we pro-
pose to remove these obstructions, so as to go
to the State of Pennsylvania, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] and the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
rise and oppose the appropriation, because, for-
sooth, it is not brought in next week instead
of to-day. This has received the sanction of
the leading committee of the Hduse, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations; and I submit to
those gentlemen that it is not for them to op-
pose an appropriation which is so necessary,
because the Committee on Commerce may at
some future day make some recommendation
of the kind.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee on Commerce is one of the standing
committees of this House, established to have
charge of matters affecting commerce. Now,
if the national moneys can be expended con-
stitutionally, for the purpose of improving the
rivers and harbors of the country, it can only
be because such expenditures are for the ben-
efit of commerce. There is an absolute appro-
priateness, therefore, in having all questions
concerning the improvement of rivers and har-
bors go, as they have for years gone; to that
committee.
In addition to this consideration it is to be
remarked that in view of the number of the
claims presented to Congress for appropria-
tions for the improvement of rivers or harbors,
claims almost without limitation of number or
