1871.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator from Delaware that this appropriation is
notforthebenefitofthenegroes, butfor the ben-
efit of the Treasury of the United States. The
object is to protect, the Treasury; and I have no
doubt that thousands and tens of thousands of
dollars have been saved by this policy. It was
very easy to cheat the Treasury of the United
States in regard to these pensions and boun-
ties ; it was an easy thing to impose upon this
class of people in some parts of the country,
and it was done. The Department found that
there were a great number of frauds committed
in these claims ; that some had been paid,
others withheld; that the wrong persons some-
times received them. This is done to some
extent in all sections of the country in regard
to white persons ; but there the means of de-
tecting the frauds were so easy that they were
not much practiced, and the persons who com-
mitted them were brought to justice.
This plan was adopted to protect the Treas-
ury and not to aid the negro ; to see to it that
whatever was granted by Congress should be
given to the proper party; and the means
in this bureau of ascertaining the exact truth
were greater than in the Second Auditor's
office, and it was adopted for that purpose.
1 have no doubt that the policy has defeated
great practices of fraud and saved the Treas-
ury money; and what goes out und.er the pres-
ent system unquestionably goes to the proper
persons. The examinations are very exact and
very careful. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will not adopt the amendment. The Sen-
ator in making the motion has certainly made
it against the public security and not to add to
it, and I therefore hope that he will abandon
ir, for I have no doubt that the Senator wishes
lo do nothing in this matter that is not for the
general interest of the country aud the safety
and security of the Treasury.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he will explain, not to me
only, but to thatfiiueh larger audience outside
of this Chamber to whom we do speak, when
540,000 of the public money is hereby appro-
priated who is to get it? Who is to receive
it? Will he answer?
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly, if he desires it.
Mr. CHANDLER. As we have anew sub-
ject under discussion, one with which no one
is familiar, to wit, the negro question, I hope
the Senator from California who has charge
of this bill will allpw the discussion of that
new subject to be interrupted while I call up
and have passed the river and harbor appro-
priation bill.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to my friend from
Michigan to wait for a moment. I think- my
friend from Delaware does not desire to dis-
cuss this matter further. I hope we shall be
allowed to get through with the bill. This bill
has been discussed so much that I am very sure
Senators will not discuss it at any length now.
Mr. CHANDLER, The question is so en-
tirely new that I supposed it would lead to a
general discussion, and I thought it might be
interrupted while I passed my bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I think we shall get over
this small matter very soon. I do not pro-
pose lo reply to what I must, term the very
cheap effusion of the Senator from South Car-
olina in regaid to his peculiar guardianship,
in which he is so warmly followed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, of these colored peo-
ple; nor have I anything to say about my
antecedents on this subject or the question of
my justice or injustice. It certainly does not
lie in the mouth of any one to speak of my
justice or' injustice unless he knows something
on the subject. The question as to whether I
or any of those with whom I have acted are in
any degree to be responsible for the suffering
oi' I lie ignorance or the oppression of any class
of people in any one of the States 
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I said nothing, and in-
tended to say nothing of the antecedents of
the Senator. I spoke of the antecedents of
the colored rape, npt of the antecedents of the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. JBAYARD. 'the Senator spoke dis-
tinctly of the antecedents of these people in
some degree being effected by something that
I had done or in some way that I or my party
were responsible for. That was about the sub-
stance of it, although there was so much con-
versation in the Chamber, an4 as the Senator
directed his voice to that part of the Chamber
where he would be most likely to have a suc-
cessful hearing, I did not understand exactly
what he did say.
For all that the fact is here: you have claimed
political equality for this class of people, and,
so far as the forms of law would go, you have
given them political equality. Now you wish
to go beyond that, and you wish to say that
these people not only shall be equals before
the law with the rest of the population of this
country, but that that which you admit now
is their deficiency, that which you admit puts
them below the level of the rest of the people
of this country, shall be paid for out of the
Treasury.
You speak of the ignorance of these men.
Why, sir, they were enlisted not merely in the
South, I know there were regiments of colored
men raised in the community where I live, who
were credited to the State of Massachusetts,
and went down to South Carolina. Negroes
living all around me in Delaware enlisted and
were credited as a part of the quota of Mas-
sachusetts in the war. I know that of my
personal observation. There was no restric-
tion there upon their education, and there was
none in any of the northern States that I know
of. There is no justice, and there can be no
pretense of it, in now saying to the people of
this country, "not only shall you give these
people complete political equality, but in addi-
tion to that you shall pay them for their
defects," that the Treasury of this country
shall bleed in order to aid you in acting against
a principle of inequality which nature has her-
self set up, and which you are trying in vain
to escape from.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment olfered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to make a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
agreed to the amendment to strike out the
clause in lines four hundred and fifty-five,
four hundred and fifty-six, four hundred and
fifty-seven, and four hundred and fiftv-eight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Eu-
MUXDS in the chair.) The clause to which the
Senator refers will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
For additional compensation to William Syphax,
for services in the Interior Department, 82,ISO, which
sum is hereby directed to be paid to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from South Carolina,
as this clause was not in the original bill, and
was disagreed to in Committee of the Whole,
that the proper method is a simple motion to
renew the amendment now in the Senate, and
the Chair will so treat it, as a motion of the
Senator from South Carolina to amend the
bill in the particular named.
Mr. SAWYER. My purpose is to state
from the papers before me one or two facts
about this matter, and then I have done with
it. I have in my hand letters from Moses
Kelley, late chief clerk of the Department of
the Interior ; Peter Lammon, late disbursing
clerk of the same Department, and perhaps
five or six other letters from persons employed
in that Department, all certifying to the fact
that during the period for which Syphax in his
memorial asks for additional compensation
he did perform the duties of packer in that
Department, for which service $1,200 was paid
in the State Department at that time and is
since paid in that Department; and the certifi-
cates all show that he did this work faithfully
and intelligently, that it was confided to his
•care, aud that he was responsible for it. That
is all I wish to say. If it is necessary to renew
the motion to amend the bill by inserting the
words to be found on the bottom of page 19,
I make that motion.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY- I wish to ask the com-
mittee, or the chairman of the committee
rather, what is the total amount called for by
this bill of deficiencies? I should like to get
the attention of the chairman of the commit-
tee. I inquire, what is the total amount called
for by this deficiency bill ?
Mr. COLE. It would be utterly impossible
for me to answer that question at this stage of
the bill. There have been some additions, as
ray colleague well knows. How much they
amount to it is impossible at this stage of the
bill to say without a very protracted arithmet-
ical calculation. We should have to enter into
a pretty long sum in addition. How much it
is I cannot tell. The bill as reported contained
about ten million dollars. I cannot state the
exact sum; but it was about that. I do not
think we have added a great deal to the amount,
but there have been quite a number of items
which add very considerably to the difficulties
of the calculation.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course all I expected
was to ascertain the aggregate amount of the
bill as reported. The chairman states it at
about ten millions. I have seen it stated at
nearly double that amount; that is, at nineteen
millions. I think it must be more than ten
millions, even though it be not so much as
nineteen millions. I call attention to the fact
that the deficiencies under the Post Office head
of this bill are nearly five millions. That is
one half of the total amount mentioned by my
colleague. The deficiencies under the War
Department head of the bill are between three
ana four millions. These two heads I have
gone over with my pencil. I find that under
these two heads the aggregate amount is, as I
stated, nine millions, or a little over; which
leaves but one million for all the rest of the
bill named, to make the estimates of the chair-
man correct. My colleague was not the
chairman of the Committee,on Appropriations
at the last session; and yet I should like to
know from him if he is able to state some
reason for a deficiency bill of this magnitude
in those two Departments.
Mr. COLE. So far as the Post Office is con-
cerned, the inquiry is very briefly answered.
With the exception of this amount, the expenses
of that Department were paid for by the reve-
nues of the Department, aud there was a failure
last year to appropriate the additional sum
required to carry on the Department above
what would naturally result from the workings
of the Department as revenues of the Depart-
ment proper. This year in the Post Office bill
we have included a sum something like this,
three or four millions, (I do not recollect the
exact amount,) out of the Treasury, to meet
any deficiency in that Department above the
revenues from it.
I can satisfy my colleague as to the deficiency
in the War Department in as'simple a way as
the other, I have no doubt. By the law passed
a year or so ago, unexpended balances were
covered iuto the Treasury. That has been the
case during the last year, and it results in a
deficit in the expenditures of the War Depart-
ment for that reason.
These two branches of the Government, I
believe, are all that were inquired about. Those
are not properly chargeable to a deficiency bill.
