1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Office op tiie Chief of Engineers,
Washington, D. C., December 19,1870.
Sir: In compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of December 12, request-
ing information as to the present condition of tho
Des Moines rapids improvement, &c., referred to
this office for report, I have respectfully to transmit
a copy of a communication, dated December 15, just
received from (Jol >nel J. N. Macomb, the officer of
engineers in charge of the work. From this report
it appears that an immediate appropriation of
$341,000 is required in order that operations may be
continuously carried on during the winter months
along the unfinished portion oi the section-work, s6
as to protect the portion already constructed from the
cffccts of high water and ico upon the opening of
spring. This protection will be effected by complet-
ing tho unfinished portion of the embankment and
rip-rap wail.
Tho minimum estimate submitted by Colonel Ma-
comb for the completion of the entire improvement
is $1 3*26,000, and of this amount he earnestly recom-
mends that the sum of $341,000 be appropriated at
once for section-work, (the embankmentand rip-rap
above referred to,) and that tho balance be appro-
printed so as to be available early in the spring.
The sums heretofore appropriated for this work
are substantially exhausted.
The resolution is herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
* A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier General und Chief of Engineers.
Hon. "W. W. Belkxap, Secretary of War.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I will only add that
this communication lias been in the hands of
the Committee on Commerce for nearly two
weeks, if not longer.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Chairman, I suppose
that the question for this House is not so much
what committee has reported this bill as whether
the appropriation is necessary to be made,and
necessary to be made now. There is always
some rivalry between the different committees
of the House; more, perhaps, than is justifiable.
But when the facts are before the House, when
the House understands the situation and cir-
cumstances, it is for the House to say whether
the measure is right.
This work for the improvement of Des
Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river, has
been undertaken by the Government. It has
been carried on for a number of years and is
now about two thirds completed. The appro-'
priations which have heretofore been made for
the work are exhausted. The work must now
slop and remain in its present condition until
the beginning of the next fiscal year unless
Congress shall make the appropriation pro-
vided for in the proposition of the Committee
on Appropriations. If the interests of the Gov-
ernment must suffer by a suspension of this
work during that time, there can be no ques-
tion that we ought to make this appropriation,
unless we are ready to say that the work ought
to be entirely abandoned. I suppose every
man will admit that if we are to carry this
work to completion—if we are not to abandon
it—then, as prudent and economical men, we
ought to see that it is proceeded with as rapidly
as possible; we ought not to allow it to remain
in its present condition, especially when the
result will be the destruction or damage, to a
large extent, of the work already done. No
gentleman who has spoken upon this question
has undertaken to deny that there will be loss,
and probably very large loss, if the work upon
this improvement be now suspended.
Members of the House will understand the
necessity for the uninterrupted prosecution of
this work if they will read the report of the
chief of engineers, a portion of which has
just been read. This "section-work," the
House will understand, consists of earthwork
covered with loose stones, and over all is a rip-
rap wall of masonry. This earthwork is nearly
completed for the whole distance of seven
miles. During a large portion of the distance
the loose stone wall and the rip-rap wall are
completed; but for several miles at the lower
end of the embankment there is nothing but
the earthwork itself. If this be not protected
between now and the time of high water in the
spring a large part of it must necessarily be
washed out by the high water and the ice.
Ordinarily, 1 would not be in favor of select-
ing anyone of these works and making a spe-
cial appropriation for it; but when the interests
of the Government require \t, when public
economy requires it, when there is a certainty
that we shall meet with a large loss and dam-
age unless it be done, then I think it the duty
of this House to make a special appropriation
of this kind.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, I only wish
to say a few words in relation to the Louisville
and Portland canal. It seems to me the oppo-
sition to this appropriation comes from a very
singular quarter; that is, from the gentleman
from New York city, the gentleman from Con-
necticut, and the gentleman from Michigan,
who have been at the doors of Congress ever
since their States were States asking appro-
priations for rivers and harbors and for light-
houses year after year, and have been getting
these appropriations by the votes of the men
who live upon the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.
While they have been getting those appropri-
ations yearly without any demur or objection
on our part we now find Representatives from
that quarter opposing a necessary appropri-
ation for this great and important work. It
comes with a had grace, it seems to me, to
have these gentlemen make the objection tiiey
do to the appropriation proposed by the pend-
ing bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what is tho condition
of this Louisville and Portland canal and the
commerce that goes through it? Is that com-
merce on a par with the commerce of New
York, and of Boston, and of Detroit river, in
the district represented by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger?] There is no toll
charged on steam or sail vessels which pass
through Detroit river. There is none charged
on the vessels which enter Philadelphia har-
bor, or New York harbor, or the harbor of
NewLondon. Nothing of the kind is thought
of. Yet we are asking at the bar of Congress
a little appropriation to complete a work upon
which we are paying toll on our commerce
■passing through it. It would be but justice if
we demanded that the Louisville and Portland
canal should be made free at once, and that
the Government shall assume every dollar
paid for the construction of that canal, so as
to allow our commerce to go free. But we
do not ask that thing. The importance of this
work cannot be measured. Taking the Louis-
ville and Portland canal alone, there are hun-
dreds of thousands trading up and down the
river through that canal. Looking to Indiana,
Kentucky, Pennsyslvania, and West Virginia ;
looking to the millions on the Mississippi river;
looking to Western Pennsylvania, we may say,
in the language of General Weitzel, that if no
other appropriations were made by the Com-
mittee on Commerce for public works the im-
portance of this work alone would justify the
making of one. The Committee on Appropri-
ations have reported in favor of making an
appropriation for this improvement. We do
not ask a great appropriation; but merely that
such a reasonable small appropriation be made
that the work may not go to destruction. We
will see these gentlemen who have objected
knocking at the door for light-houses, not for
$200,000, and for river and harbor improve-
ments, not for $200,000, and for forts, not for
$200,000; but asking for appropriations run-
ning up to millions of dollars, and while they
refuse this small appropriation they will expect
us to vote for them without demur or objection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I listened
with great regret to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] for whom I
entertain a most profound respect, and for
whose action generally in this House 1 have
given him credit for great candor and great
sincerity. Why he should attack the Commit-
tee on Commerce, or the members of that com-
mittee, who have been liberal beyond measure
to every proposition in which his State or con-
stituents were interested, givingappropriations
without recommendations and in advance of
recommendationsof the Government engineers,
I am unable to say. It- is unlike him and
unworthy of him. . ' •
Mr. BECK. I did not intend to attack any
gentleman personally. ■
Mr. CONGER. My friend from Kentucky
oughttoknow theCommitteeori Commerce, in
doing their duty, should review the whole com
mercial interests of the country in regard to
rivers and harbors in order' to do justice to
his work and all otherworks of improvemen ts.
But, Mr. Chairman, will this House believe it
that there has been no report from the engineer
department tothis House or any other depart-
ment of the Government asking for this-appro-
priation?
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman is mis-
taken, and he ought to know it.
_Mr. CONGER. My friend, who knows all
things and has omniscience imprinted on his
brow, says I know nothing.
Mr. STEVENSON. If I knew all that you
do not know I would know a' great deal.
Mr. CONGER. That is quite true, and
might be said with equal truth of all of us
except the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. I thank you for the •
exception.
Mr. CONGER. Now, what is presented here
for the action of this House ? I ask members
of the committee to look upon their desks and
they will find a private, unofficial communica-
tion from General Weitzel to Mrs Beck of Ken-
tucky, a flowery rhapsodical report addressed
to Mr. Beck, in a letter to that gentleman,' in
which he states that they have placed dung on
the stone walls of that canal to keep it from
freezing this winter; and in which he says also
that this is the great work of the age, and that
all other works to which our attention has
been called sink into insignificance before this
Louisville canal, over which I ventuve to say
the United States have not to-day one panicle
of legal control, as the Committee on Com-
merce well know, although they may some time
in the future have the control of it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if I am correct in say-
ing that there has never been an official report
from the engineer department to this House,
but only an unofficial rhapsodical letter writ-
ten by an engineer who says, " I am not inter-
ested in this thing, only so far as I am very
anxious to complete this work and have the
credit for it;" should the House, because of
such a report as this take action without the
report of a committee, and without examina-
tion ?
So much, Mr. Chairman, for the Louisville
canal which, according to this very letter now
before the Committee of the Whole, it is shown
will still cost the Government $1,200,000,
making a total expenditure on this work of
$4,000,000, almost one eighth of what is ap-
propriated for all the improvements of the
country.
Now, Mr, Chairman, let me say one word
in regard to the Des Moines rapids. I have
already stated that, as well as every other mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce, I am in
favor of a liberal appropriation for that great
national and important work, and I have no
doubt that the result of our action will be to
show that we are willing to make a special
appropriation for that work, for this as well as
for the coming fiscal year.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor andyielded
to Mr. Beck.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say just one word
in consequence of what has fallen from the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Gonger.] I have
the official reports of General Weitzel and Gen-
eral Humphreys couched in almost the same
words as that which is addressed to me. The
report was addressed to me, because, the mat-
ter having been referred by the Committee on
Appropriations to a sab-committee consisting
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nibi.ack. j
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. L.uyiikxue.]
and myself, I wrote to General Weitzel lor the
