1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
As I have stated, the one, perhaps both, cer-
tainly the latter, results from covering into the
Treasury'unexpended balances which have
hitherto been allowed to lap and be used the
subsequent year or for a long series of years.
The deficiency appropriation in this bill is very
small and shows that the Committee on Appro-
priations of last year had estimated pretty
closely the expenses of the Government.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. CHANDLER. I was going to ask the
honorableSenatorfrom California, [Mr. Cole,]
who has charge of this bill now, to allow it to
pass over so that I may call up the river and
harbor bill.
Mr. COLE. Iwillgiveonereasontomyfriend
from Michigan why this bill should be passed
now. At this late stage of the session it should
be placed at once in the hands of the engross-
ing clerks. If it is not given to them very soon
for engrossment it will be lost.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California on the right of the Chair is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I will also suggest to my col-
league that, if it is necessary the bill should
pass, it is necessary that it should be placed in
thehandsof theClerk very soon forenrollinent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am for dispatch on the
appropriation bills. Still it is a little desirable
that we should know somethingof the reasons
for a bill which under two Departments of the
Government, the Post Office and War Depart-
ment, proposes, in terms, to supply deficien
cies to the extent of nearly ten million dol-
lars. I do not intend to occupy any unneces-
sary time in obtaining that information, so far
as I am concerned.
I understand my colleague to say now that
the magnitude of these sums is owing to the cir-
cumstance that at the last session the practice
was altered and a new rule instituted whereby
unexpended balances were returned back into
the Treasury. 1 understand him also to state
that the appropriation bills of last year for
these two Departments were very nearly cor-
rect; in other words, that the actual expendi-
tures of those two Departments did not greatly
exceed the amounts appropriated. If! am not
Stating correctly the position of my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, i shall, of course, be glad to be cor-
rected. As well as I understood him, and that
was somewhat imperfectly, fori did not hear
all he said, that was his ground, namely : that
the appropriation bills of last session were
very nearly up to what was required, and that
the magnitude of the present appropriations
to supply deficiencies was owing to the fact that
the unexpended balances were returned back
into the Treasury.
Now, sir, these two grounds seem to me
irreconcilable. If the appropriations last year
were nearly sufficient lor the necessary ex-
penditures, or were very near what was right,
how would there be deficiencies so large as to
require, under the two heads of War Depart-
ment and Post Oifice Department alone, be-
tween nino and ten million dollars. It seems
to me that the opposite of what has been said
of the sufficiency of the appropriation bills of
last year must bo true, and that they were
purposely cut down below the estimates and
below the known required expenditures of
those Departments in order to make a showing
for the then coming elections. Certainly
upon no other theory is it possible to explain
the presence here of a bill in which two De-
partments of the Government now ask for nine
to ten million dollars to meet deficiencies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is a person of good information, and,
more than that, who is always attentive to his
duties. He therefore knew that in the appro-
priation billsof the last fiscal year no provision
at all was made for the deficiency in the postal
sfivice of the United States; ami he also
feumv that for niou) than fifty years last past
thoie has always been, ami under existing
circumstances there must be for some little
time to come, a deficiency in that Depart-
ment. He therefore knew as well as all the
rest of us, unless he and his friends were
equally accidentally out in not taking notice
of it, that we failed to make any appropria-
tion for the deficiency that we all know occurs
every year in the postal service. That defi-
ciency under Democratic Administrations used
to average about eight millions a year. Since
General Grant came in it has been reduced to
between three and four millions.
So much for that. That accounts for so
much of the milk in this extraordinary cocoa-
nut that my friend from California has discov-
ered. Now, as to the other part of it, one of
the time-honored abuses of that great party
who handed the Government over to us on the
4th of March, 1801, was never to have any final
settlement of appropriation accounts in the
Treasury, but to authorize the President of the
United States to transfer balances from one
appropriation to another wherever he thought
it wise, and never to wind up an account there.
Last year, after the war was over, and after
we were able to apply ourselves to the business
of civil administration instead of to the mili-
tary business of protecting the country, we
thought it fit that we should have a reform in
that method of administration, and we therefore
provided by law that all balances should be
covered into the Treasury. The estimates had
been made before on the time-honored custom
and abuse which we had inherited from our
Democratic predecessors, and upon those esti-
mates the executive officers of the Government
had made their calculations, that these old
Democratic balances, or theoretic balances—
because our Democratic friends rarely left a
real balance, [laughter]—should be used for
the current year. We cut that off, after the
estimates of appropriations, on one of the last
days of the session, by providing that no such
balance should be used in any case, hut cov-
ered into the Treasury.
The consequence was that in the War De-
partment money which under Democratic and
other Administrations had been previously
appropriated and used, and upon which the
estimates were based, could not be used. The
result, therefore, simply is that the estimates
for the service of the last fiscal year were
made upon a fixed policy of the Government,
an abuse 1 agree, a wrong policy, one of the
many evils which we inherited from the polit-
ical friends of my friend from California, of
never having an exact settlement of accounts
in the Treasury. Having made those estimates
upon that theory—and that was the law then,
and our officers were justified in doing it—
they are not to be blamed for the fact that the
money actually appropriated (in view of the
fact that we forbade their using these old bal-
ances) did not accomplish the ends of the pub-
lic service; and that is the whole of the story
for nine tenths of this deficiency.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I can say
for my friend from Vermont what he is kind
enough to say for me, that he is "a person of
good information." What 1 most regret about
him is his apparent incapacity to discuss a
question respecting the expenditures of the
Government without starting off at once upon
a partisan warfare.
Air. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CASSERLY. When I get through;
presently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will he not permit me
to ask him a question just now?
Mr. CASSERLY. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr, CASSERLY. I ask my friend from
Vermont to allow me to go on. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMONDS. Yes, or go off; 1 do not
care which. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, sir, I am not so
well informed as the Senator claims to be as
to the practice in these Departments in regard
to appropriations as I hope I am as to some
other things. My way of life has drawn me
far away from that subject. It is but very re-
cently indeed that I had any more than gen-
eral though fixed political views as to the
merits of different parties in the Government.
Questions of detail in the Departments here,
questions of the practice there, were wholly
new to me when I came into the Senate. I do
not now know whether the statement of the
Senator from Vermont is made on any better
information than my own ; nor whether it is
such as I should accept as a correct statement
of the facts in reference to these appropria-
tions, either as to the manner in which they
are made, or as to the question of unexpended
balances.
Let me speak first of the question of unex-
pended balances. When the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] agonized so over
the inheritance of an evil practice as to unex-
pended balances, which this pure, incorrupt-
ible, altogether perfect party of his, whose
trumpet nevertheless lie feels himself under
the necessity of blowing so constantly, received
from the Democratic party, I wonder did he
reflect that his party has had complete con-
trol of the Government for now ten years
since 1861 ? I f the practice of the Democratic
party as to unexpended balances was so vicious
as he now declares it, why was not its vice
sooner ascertained and sooner corrected by
the immaculate party of which the Senator is
a distinguished member? They were ten years
finding out this vice, ten years before they
applied a corrective; and we remember what
a struggle it took here to do it even then.
This party of the Senator's came into power
in 1861. They found this abuse then alive and
vigorous. They made no war upon it. They
hugged it to their bosoms. They cherished it;
they kept it on foot until the abuse of it had
grown too rank to be longer tolerated. Then at
last they corrected it. There is nothing so dan-
gerous as to forget history, when we undertake
either to vaunt ourselves too highly or to con-
demn our opponents too much. If the old prac-
tice was an abuse—and forthe argument I am
willing to assume it, and that it was well cor-
rected—I am willing to give to the party of the
Senator from Vermont due credit for that cor-
rection. But I do deny his right to arraign and
accuse the Democratic party of the country
for a practice which, if it prevailed for the
number of years during which he asserts it
did .prevail, is one for which every political
party that has in turn had the administration
of this country was just as responsible as the
Democratic party, and was accepted and main-
tained for ten years by the party of the Sena-
tor from Vermont himself.
K-eally, sir, it seems to me we ought to be
able to discuss a question of appropriations, of
expenditure, without so much mingling of par-
tisanship. I trust that the suggestion which I
made in passing, that the appropriation bills
were pared down last year for the benefit of
the then coming elections, has not too much
disturbed the Senator. Had I thought so, I
might possibly have refrained from making it.
Yet, I know the Senator from Vermont will
agree with me that there is no question of party
in an economical administration of the Gov-
ernment. He also will agree with me that it
does not become members of the dominant
party here, when a candid endeavor to inquire
into expenditures is made, to meet it with
denunciation or defiance. There should be no
difference between us ou that point.
_ I understand the Senator to say that the prac-
tice as to the Post Oifice Department is not to
make appropriations except for deficiencies.
Perhaps 1 am wrong. If I am, I shall be happy
to be corrected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not correct the
Senator until he is through, as he declines to '
be interrupted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I invite th e correction il'
