44#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
information, and the information which he sent
in reply has been laid b.efore the committee
and before the House. There need be no jeal-
ousy on that subject. t . -
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the Committee
of the Whole will, on a matter of this nature,
rather act on the official information than upon
the views entertained by individual members
of tliis House. I assume that the letter referred;
to, addressed by- General Weitzel to a member
of the Committee on Appropriations, contains
facts that are valuable in the consideration of
this subject. Let me say farther that there is
no ground for jealousy between the two com-
mittees. I have the honor to be a memher of
the Committee on Commerce, but I do not
think that that committee has any ground to
complain that this question of a deficiency
should have been acted upon by the Committee
on Appropriations. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] to the
fact that ti)e subject of that deficiency has not
been under the. consideration of the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CONGER. The matter of the Des
Moines rapids was referred to that committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it has not been made
a special subject of inquiry, and, so far as I am
informed, it has not been inquired into at all.
I send to the desk to be read a passage from
the letter of the engineer in charge of the work.
The Clerk read as follows:
"United States Engineer Office,
"Louisville, Kentucky, December 17, 1870.
"Dear Sir: I address youasoneof theCommittee
on Appropriations in the United States House of
Representatives, to urge upon you the great import-
ance of making the immediate appropriation of
$200,000 for the improvement of the falls of the Ohio
and th e Louisville canal, and also an appropriation
of $250,000 for the same purpose, with the river and
harbor bill, as requested in my annual report to the
chief of engineersfor thefiscal year ending June30,
1870.
"X wish first to say to you that I asked for these
sums in the manner in which I did because the best
interests of the work, the commerce and the country
demand it. If given at any other time, or in any
other amounts, there will bo great injury to com-
merce and loss to the Government, and for tho fol-
lowing reason: last year I asked for $450,000 for this
work. Your committee recommended S2o0,000 and
I received it. Now, what was the result? The
$250,000 was barely sufficient to do tho rock and
earth excavation incident to the widening of the
wretched ditch with which the commerce of this
great valley has been compelled to content itself
during the last forty years, and lor the use of which
it has been robbed of over five million dollars in
cash, paid for getting around an obstruction in a
national highway.
"But in order that this $250,000 appropriated by you
should suffice to make the excavation it was neces-
sary that the earth slopesshouldbo made verysteep.
The result is that they are already caving, and I have
been compelled at socio joints to hold these slopes
up with temporary expedients in anticipation of an
immediate appropriation of the $200,000 which you
failed to give last year, Unless this amount is ap-
propriated at once, there will not be enough time to
quarry the stone befoie the next season, for tho now
walls which must be rebuilt to sustain the sides of
the canal, and these (already caving) would assuredly
fall m and then make a heavy additional expense to
recxcavate tho fallen earth."
Mr; HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Coxgeii] and the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potter] will remember
that unless this appropriation is made, accord-
ing to the official information before this com-
mittee the entire business of this great river
will be suspended for a whole year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to call the attention of the committee
to another feature of our legislation touching
rivers and harbors. I have never been able to
see the economy of giving a little toward a work
that will some time or other have to be com-
pleted and refusing to give a sufficient amount
to carry it on and complete it. I happened to
see last summer an engineer on duty in the upper
region of the Ohio river, and he explained to ine
a thing which it seems to me the House ought
to know. He said: "Here, at the mouth of
the Muskingum river, where I am now, 1 tun
ordered to remove a bar; it would require
about seventy-five thousand dollars to remove
it; the Government has given me $20,000;
now, if I knew that was all they were going
to give me, why I would dig a little ditch, and
make a small and narrow passage for boats,
and would not try to do anything more; but if
I knew that they were going to give me enough
to remove the whole bar, I would then lay out
my plans for doing it all; I am now wasting
money because I do not know what is going
to come hereafter." Now, that illustrates the
policy we are pursuing in regard to these public
works. I put it to the committee, "Do you
intend to build the Louisville and Portland
canal?" If the answer is "no," then do not
appropriate a cent; if "yes," then enter upon
the work in a reasonable, business-like spirit,
and appropriate a sufficient amount of money
to do it thoroughly, and to do it once, and
forever.
Let me make a statement about the import-
ance of this work, as some gentlemen have
spoken of it as if it were a little matter. In
the year 1870 there were owned and enrolled
on the Ohio river, a stream navigable for one
thousand miles, two hundred and two thou-
sand tons of vessels, and they carried over the
river, opposite Cincinnati, $730,000,000 worth
of produce daring last year, almost as much as
the entire foreign trade of the United States.
Our official reports show that our entire foreign
commerce amounted to $800,000,000, and yet
over this river, which you propose to choke up
for want of a little appropriation made at the
time it is needed, there was carried, notwith-
standing all its obstructions, $730,000,000
worth of property last year alone.
Notice another fact. Gentlemen say the
river is frozen up a large part of the year.
The official record shows that at Cincinnati
navigation was closed only seven days during
the year 1870 in consequence of ice ; that there
was no month in 1870 when the river at Cin-
cinnati averaged less than six feet of water,
and that there were only three months when
it averaged less than twelve feet. The facts
which I have stated show the national char-
acter of the work for which this appropriation
is asked. If you propose to do anything at all
about this Louisville and Portland canal, if
you propose to make it a national work, and
open it free of toll, why, give the money when
it is needed, and do not be perpetually wasting
money by giving it in small amounts, that tell
nowhere and accomplish no results.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I have
no desire to prolong this debate. It seems to
me that it settles itself down to simple propo-
sitions. No person doubts or denies the pro-
priety or the necessity of the proposed appro-
priations for these two great public works. The
majority of the members of the Committee on
Commerce who have spoken are in favor of this
measure ; and those members of that commit-
tee who oppose it do not deny the propriety of
the appropriations. They merely ask that they
may be delayed for the present, in order to be
made hereafter. Official evidence before the
House shows that the money is needed now,
needed to-day. Have we not money in the
Treasury ? Over one hundred and thirty-eight
million dollars lie there idle without interest
or use. Whyshould nottbesmallsumsneeded
be appropriated to necessary public works, to \
promote the prosperity of the whole country ?
The measure affects directly the prosperity of
tho whole commerce of the Mississippi and
Ohio and their branches—the commerce of the
entire interior.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Cqxgee]
seems anxious about the local interests pf his
State. I am ready to vote with him for any rea-
sonable measureto promote these importantin-
terests when ever he may ask it; but lam bound
to tell him that the.commerce of the Mississippi
and Ohio, and their tributaries, would aanually
buy and sell his whole State. This money is
needed, and needed now, and for uo other work
is money needed now; and this is the distinc-
tion between these aud other works. Hell Gate
will stand until spring; it will not wash away ;
and so will all the coast works of lake and sea ;
but these river works are being wasted by floods.
The money to save and complete-them is in
the national pocket, withont advantage to any
section or locality. There is no good reason
why it should not be used for the public benefit.
The national property is being destroyed, and
it is a waste of public treasure not to take care
of it. . It is injustice to the people 'who paid
this treasure into the common fund for the
national good to deny its use for works where
it is so sorely needed.
I am sorry that any jealousies should have
arisen here between different sections or in-
terests. For one, I believe in a liberal policy
of public improvements. Whether the House
does what I consider right on this bill or not,
I shall endeavor to support such a policy
toward all parts of the Union. But I can the
more heartily join with my neighbors from
other sections if they are liberal to these great
interior improvements, so vital to our prosper-
ity. This is no matter upon which to retaliate;
retaliation on such subjects were unworthy of
statesmen. It is a matter of great national
interest which should be liberally considered ;
and I appeal to my excellent friends, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Potter] andlhe
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myer.1i,]
to abate something of their opposition and join
us in adopting this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I desire now to move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of obtainiig
from the House an order closing debate un
this bill.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me five minutes to reply to several things that
have been said here. I certainly desired and
expected to be recognized by the Chair.
Mr. BECK. I do not desire to cut off any
necessary debate ; but I think this bill has been
debated long enough, unless some special rea-
son is shown for further discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
have debate closed,as soon as possible.
Mr. BECK. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] desires me
to move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing debate on this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Not now, but as soon as it
can be done properly. I do not want to ,;ut
off the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Myeks. ]
Mr. BECK. I will withdraw the motion
now if I can be recognized at the end of fiitt.en
minutes for the purpose of renewing it.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Scofield.) It he
Chair will recognize the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] having charge of this bill
whenever he shall intimate a desire to submit
such a motion.
Mr. BECK. Then I will withdiaw the
motion for the present.
Mr.. MYERS. The debate on this hill l.as
been a very wholesome one in its effects. It
has produced the result I desired when 1 r< se
before. Now, first of all, I desire this com-
mittee to know that I am not a member of
the Committee on Commerce, and therefore I
can have none of the jealousies which it bus
been suggested here exist between that com-
mittee and the Committee on Appropriations.
In that connection, however, it is well to re-
member that there is no use in having a set of
rules requiring subjects to be referred to appro-
priate committees, if those rules are not car-
ried out.^ We know tliat whenever an appro-
priation is moved upon this floor members of
the Committee on Appropriations are the first
to rise to their feet and make the technical
point that all such propositions must fust be
submitted to them; and of course the Chair
decides in their favor, unless the House, by a
majority vote, shall order otherwise. So much
for that.
The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Alusoj?,]
as well as another gentleman, has spoken of
