1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
allowed them by law. There are men of ability,
men of enlarged experience, men who could
readily by retiring to their own private pursuits
double the stipend they receive from Govern-
ment, who are working to day for the public
seivice at the rate of some thirty-five hundred
or perhaps five thousand dollars a year.
Why, sir, what is $5,000 a year to a man
who is competent to carry on the business of
the district court of the United States for the
southern district of New York? Does any
man pretend that he is half paid by it ? Sup-
pose we take the eastern district of Massa-
chusetts, for I believe there are two districts
there, the same question might be asked and
answered in the same way. I will take the
eastern district of Pennsylvania; does any
man suppose that in the ordinary ratio of
professional compensation, taking the ability
required properly to fulfill the duties of the
judge of the United States district court for
the eastern district of Pennsylvania, a salary
of $5,000 .is really an equivalent? I do not
think so. There are very few men competent
to fill that office in that State who could afford
to take it.
This section fixes the salary equally in all
the districts, without regard to the services
performed or the labor that is involved. I
could have wished that the committee might
have discriminated in certain cases. There
are inland districts where the labor is but
slight; there are others where there is a large
admiralty jurisdiction combined with the crim-
inal jurisdiction and the jurisdiction in cases
of revenue 
Mr. STEWART. Did the Senator observe
thvi amendment of the Judiciary Committee as
presented through the chairman?
Mr. BAYARD. I know of no amendment
beyond what I find before me.
Mr. STEWART. I allude to the amend-
ment just adopted, making it the duty of a
district judge, when called upon, to go to other
districts, in order to equalize the labor of the
various district judges.
Mr. BAYARD. But that depends on whether
the districts to which they are assigned are
contiguous with the districts in which they are
themselves located. 1 think that amendment
is good enough in its way; but it does not go
half far enough ; it does not reach the case
practically. The fact is that the places where
the most labor is involved are those districts
which do not touch upon others that are idle.
Mr. STEWART. The district judges can
go anywhere in the circuit. The circuit judge
can call upon a district judge anywhere in the
circuit; and if you look at the arrangement
of the circuits you will see that the result is an
equalization.
Mr. BAYARD. As I recollect the amend-
ment it is " an adjoining district." You can-
not cast your drag-net all over the circuits of
the United States to find an idle judge and
bring him from any distant district where he
is idle to one where you can occupy him-; but
you are compelled to ehoose a man who lies
next contiguously to the district where there
is an excess of business.
Mr. STEWART. No; the circuit judge
can take any district judge that is in the cir-
cuit. Not only can be take him from another
district in the same circuit, but if you look at
the way the nine circuits are arranged you will
find that all of them have got points where
there is agood deal of work to do. For instance,
take the New England circuit,-or the circuit
in which New York is; for service in Boston
any district judge in New England can be
ordered there, and so on all round.
Mr. BAYARD. A case is suggested where
you have one district judge that is overworked,
I gaid to day that we have a great many who
are overworked; they cannot perform their
duties* The amendment that has been adopted,
proposed by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, provides that any other district judge
within the same circuit may be called to help
him out. Very well. Now we will suppose
that there are some circuits, as we know there
are, in which there is not in any one case a
judge who is occupied to the extent of his
time and capacity.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know
which circuit that would be.
Air.,BAYARD. I think I could name such.
Mr. STEWART. The southern circuit has
New Orleans in it,
Mr. BAYARD. What I may say is this:
that white I think the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois is a remedy in
part, yet it is but a partial remedy; and I am
satisfied that any man who looks on this ques-
tion with what I may term the eye of common
sense will see that providing an equalization
of salaries we have not provided for an equal-
ization of service, and that we nevertheless
shall find that in this matter of service we have
numbers of judges who are underpaid, and
perhaps a small number who are overpaid;
the latter in much the lesser quantity. If there
shall be an attempt to reduce the salaries as
here proposed, I think it will be a great mis-
take ; and if there be an amendment that would
improve the proposition of the committee, it
would be that which shouM certainly increase
the salaries of a number of our district judges
and decrease scarcely any.
I trust no diminution of these salaries will
be assented to by the Senate. It may be that in
one or two cases some man may receive rather
more than his labors would entitle him to, but
I am perfectly satisfied that in most of the
cases the judges of the district courts are
underpaid, grossly underpaid as compared to
what they could themselves earn by exertions
in their private behalf, and that the amendment
of my honorable friend from Illinois will, in
some respects, alleviate that by permitting those
who are underworked to be called in by the
circuit judge to relieve those who are over-
worked. And therefore, if they do so, and
there is no increase in the salaries provided,
as his amendment covers that point, the rate
of salaries here provided certainly cannot be
deemed undue or extravagant by anybody. If
there is a criticism to be passed upon it it is
exactly the other way.
It is a bad business for the country when
men who are intrusted with the performance
of such duties as judges, are underpaid. It
is the masses of the people, those who are
powerless, those who look at the great ques-
tion of public justice, to whom an independ-
ent judiciary is most valuable; and to such
people your reduction of salaries ought to be
dreadful. They are to be the sufferers, if you
throw into your judiciary a class of men who
are within the reach of the influences of wealth,
of power, of favor, but who if you made them
independent would be entirely regardless of
such influences. I object, sir, to anything
looking like a reduction of judicial salary in
this country. It is too low already. On this
question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia to the amendment, on which
the Senator from Delaware demands the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect of this amend-
ment will be to leave the district judges as
they now are.
Mr. BAYARD. As I understand, that is
the proposition of my friend from West Vir-
ginia, to strike out the $5,000 for the district
judges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And leave them as they
are ?
Mr. BAYARD. He proposes to amend it
in that way.
Mr. COLE. I hope that vote will be reached
without a call of the yeas and nays.
Mr, TRUMBULL. There is no necessity
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on seconding the call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Intending as I do to vote
for this amendment, and glad as I am that
the yeas and nays have been ordered, I beg to
occupy a moment in stating the reasons for
my vote.
To establish a horizontal compensation, if I
may so express it, for district judges, is, I sub-
mit, indiscriminately and unnecessarily to raise
salaries, and at "a time which might perhaps
be appropriately selected as the worst and most
inopportune of all the times that the nation
has seen for fifty years. It seems to me the
effect is to be to give additional pay to men
who are fairly and fully paid already, and that
without taking into account, in any just and
discriminating sense, eases, if there are such,
of those who are not paid sufficiently.
The compensation of district judges has,
during the last ten years, been the subject of
frequent consideration. About 18671 think—
I do not pretend at this moment to speak pre-
cisely—the tariff of these salaries was adjusted
with great care. It was adjusted by a confer-
ence committee, of which I chanced on the
part of the House of Representatives to be a
member, and the chairman of which on behalf
of this body was the late Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessendex.] I think the year was 1867;
perhaps it was longer ago.
Mr. COLE. It was 1867.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Cali-
fornia says 1867. Very well; it was then after
that inflation of values and that expansion of
currency had occurred to which we have been
so often referred by my benevolent friend from
Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I referred to that in con-
nection with the Supreme Court judges, whose
salary was fixed twenty years ago.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that; but
I say that the date to which I am referring
succeeded that date at which values became
greater and the purchasing power of money
relatively less. It is to that date and to that
circumstance, I repeat, that my honorable
friend from Nevada has referred us so often
in arguing the inadequacy of the salaries of
the judges of the Supreme Court. I am, there-
fore, directing to his attention, if he will honor
me with it, and directing to the attention of
other Senators, the fact that the tariff of sal-
aries which at this moment we are consider-
ing is not au antediluvian tariff, not a rate
adjusted when gold and silver circulated, and
when wheat was less by the bushel and flour
by the barrel than they are now; but it was
adjusted after the war, and the influx had
tossed wild to the highest point the values of
the country. At that time, by a conference
committee, in which occurred what I ought
not to state, if time were the only considera-
tion—perhaps I ought not for other reasons—
a careful adjustment was made, intended to
be in language that we often heard about 1850
with regard to another subject "a finality."
These salaries then were adjusted on the rep-
resentations of inadequacy from various dis-
tricts before the committee, and the adjust-
ment was made to meet as they then stood all
the claims and all the grievances.
Now, at the expiration of three years what
is the proposition ? By an indiscriminate
elevation to appropriate $64,000 per anuum,
in addition to the appropriate* made now in
this behalf; and I ask the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations whether
I exaggerate the sum. Is it not $64,000 that
is involved in this amendment?
Mr. COLE. Sixty-four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. CONKLING. Sixty-four thousand five
hundred dollars it is proposed to distribute
broadcast, if I may so say, indiscriminately
among the district judges. Why? In San
Francisco, in one district, and perhaps two
districts of New York, and somewhere else,
if yon please, (although that other somewhere
does not occur to me at this moment,) the dis-
