1880
®HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ought not, in justice and courtesy and honor,
to accuse us of bringing politics into the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator has spoken with scant courtesy of " per-
verting history,"'but he has pointed out not
one particular in which that charge of his is
true, so far as I am concerned. What have
the causes, near or remote, of our civil war
to do with the question of appropriations for
the Post Office aud War Departments? Has
it anything in the world? It will soon be six
years since that war ended by the surrender
gt the last armed forces in the field. To hear
the Senator and those with whom he acts
in this Chamber, to hear him, perhaps chief
among them all, one would think that the war
mill raged. Who brought on the war, whether
•'my friends," as he says, or his friends, is
a question which his vehement if not bitter
Hit-tone cannot settle one way or the other.
Whether the men who for years taught that
the Union was not worth preserving, and by
every means in their power made it a thing of
little worth in the land, were not, in the first
beginning of the struggle at least, burdened
with their fall share of responsibility and of
guilt, 1 leave to the judgment of the future, so
Jar as this discussion is concerned, to decide.
Shall we never hear the last of invective, of
bitterness, of hatred? What have all these to
do with the expenses of this Government? Does
(lie Senator, under cover of them and under
the smoke that he seeks to raise, attempt to
avoid inquiry, to drive back investigation? If
he. does he will be very much mistaken.
[ do not shrink from a discussion of the history
of the war or of the times that preceded it, nor
yet of the course of the Democratic party. But
all that has nothing whatever to do with the
question of expenditures now in the Govern-
ment,. ft is simply a false issue. The Senator
shall not load me off in that way. In all he has
said he has not attempted to explain why, in
the face of an appropriation bill last June of
over twenty-four millions for the Post Office
Department, he and his party here are to-day
asking for nearly live millions more for the
same Department. He has not even ventured
an explanation. lie has gone olf, ranging
through the sale and general lield of the war,
the causes that led to it, and the pretended
corruptions that preceded it. Why, sir, no
man can follow him there. The Radical party,
to which he belongs, is a chartered libertine in
all manner of bad language on this subject. It
has filled the land with its malice and its false-
hoods. Note and worse than that, it has done
its worst to vilify and degrade the character
of the American people, North aud South, be-
fore the whole world. Scarcely one day passes
here on which, no matter what the subject
under discussion, Senators x>f eminence in
their party are not ready to heap vituperation
mountain-high upon the people of one third of
the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Will my friend from Cali-
fornia allow me to make a suggestion to him'
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think my friend over-
looked a remark that he made, which sounded
to me pretty harshly, at the time he commenced
this political discussion. He certainly, in very
strong terms, charged the dominant party on
this side of the House with reducing the appro-
priation bills last year arbitrarily with a view to
carry the elections. That was the first introduc-
tion of politics. In other words, he charged
that we purposely refused to perform our duty,
to appropriate the necessary sum of money in
order to carry the recent elections. My f'rien d
lrom California may have dropped the remark
inadvertently ; but it certainly was the first
political allusion made in this debate. He is
now complaining that politicshave been drawn
into this discussion. Probably he overlooked
the remark he made this morning, to which I
now call his attention.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not drop the remark I
inadvertently. I supposed it was a common
practice of the party of which the Senator who
last spoke is so prominent a member to reduce
the appropriations before an election. It is
the general understanding. I never before
heard it disputed, and I am a little surprised
at all this show of virtuous indignation on the
subject. Bat, sir, I was not pursuing that
view of the case. I was willing to leave it
where I left it when I first and last and only
once referred to it. The country will judge
when an attempt to inquire into the causes of
expenditure, apparently causeless and inex-
plicable, brings out such an outburst of temper
from tho Senators on the other side, who take
it specially on themselves to defend the Admin-
istration.
Why, sir, what was the language of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. Speaking of the practice
of retaining unexpended balances in the De-
partments, and of so using them, he spoke of
"money taken by stealth" for years under
that practice. What did he mean? One of the
most able, upright, and accomplished men who
ever presided over the Post Office Department
was a citizen of his own State. From the Sen-
ator's great knowledge of the history of this sub-
ject, [ assume that under the administration
of Jacob Collamer the practice existed as fully
as it existed under the sway of the Democrats,
whose corruptions trouble so much his nightly
dreams aud waking fancies. Does he think,
would he or any man venture to say, that Jacob
Collamer, as the Postmaster General of the
United States, during the term of his honored
and useful administration, maintained a prac-
tice which was ''taking money by stealth " out
of the Treasury? No, sir, he does not mean it.
No one entitled to any respect could say it
intentionally of such a man. It is a mere flour-
ish of the Senator's rhetoric, of a piece with
all tho rest.
I said that I assumed the practice as to un-
expended balances was an abuse. The Sen-
ator from Vermont so averred. I certainly
saw some features of objection in it. It re-
mains to be seen by actual experience whether
the new plan is an improvement on the old,
and whether, even if it be, it has not itself
many features of objection. Therefore, sir,
it is entirely idle and useless ; I will not say a
perversion of history, for I will not retort the
harsh language of the Senator ; doubtless it
was employed by him without sufficient reflec-
tion. It is entirely idle to allege that the prac-
tice of retaining unexpended balances is of
itself an impeachment of the integrity of the
Democratic party or of any political party
during whose administration in the Govern-
ment it prevails.
But, after all, the issue now is as to the ex-
penditures of the Post Office and War Depart-
ments. What has the Senator to say in regard
of them? He has nothing to say of them,
though much of the war, and of things fifteen
or twenty years ago under the Democratic
party. He has not met my figures at all. If
there was anything in my remarks to require
an answer, he has not answered it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will tell me
what he wants answered, I will be a witness
and testify with the greatest pleasure.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have stated the case
more than once. The. Senator has talked of
something else. I do not propose to extend
the discussion by renewing to the Senator the
occasion of overwhelming the Democratic
party of the country by his crushing denun-
ciations. It is entirely out of regard for the
character of that party that I refrain.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) You are
quite right about that. I think you ought to be
careful of its character; it is suspected.
Mr. CASSERLY. Really I did not suppose
that the Senator from Vermont, however good
his opinion may be of himself, would take in
earnest what I said ofthe weight of his rhetoric.
I am inclined to believe that the Democratic
party, which has had so many years of honor-
able history, which has pntlived so many great
political struggles, and has survived tlie tires
of our tremendous civil war, will manage to
.survive the denunciation of the Senator from
Vermont. This is all I havp to say on the
subject.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr- President, I have
heard a great many harsh things said in my
time of the Democratic party, but I confess
that the harshest thing I ever heard said in
reference to that party, of which I an* an hum-
ble member, I have heard on this floor to-day ;
and I feel humiliated in spirit and grieved in
soul that such a grave ehargp should be brought
against it. I do not mean to interpose in the
debate between the Senator frojn California and
the Senator from Vermont further than simply
to notice that very serious charge which was
brought up by the Senator from Vermont, and
what was it? That this Republican party had
received by inheritance from the Democratic
party a certain practice in government. But,
Mr. President, it is a principle of tlie old Eng-
lish common law, I believe it is a principle
recognized pretty much in every State of this
Union, that he who inherits an estate must be
next of kin to the person who died intestate.
Aud, sir, we have the representative of the
Republican party on this floor positively set-
ting up relationship—whether lineally or col-
laterally, I do not know—to the old Demo-
cratic party. It seems that we of the Demo-
cratic party who are not now dead are kith
and kin with these Republicans.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not claim that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I am
glad that the Senator has withdrawn that re-
mark, because it wounded me. [Laughter.] I
felt grieved that a party composed of all colors,
a party "without distinction of color," should
set up relationship with that good, old, glo-
rious, white party, the Democratic party, and
actually claim that they, as the nearest of
kin, to the exclusion of us who survive, should
inherit Democratic estates!
But, Mr. President, I will not pursue this
matter farther, as the Senator seems to have
withdrawn that charge; and I confess, there-
fore, that I am somewhat relieved in my feel-
ings. I can go out of this Senate Chamber
reflecting that perhaps nobody who has heard
this debate will think that the Democratic party
is in anyway related to the Republican party,
or that it is entitled to a Democratic estate as
heir, either lineally or collaterally.
Indulge me, sir, in another remark. When
I get a conveyance to travel in I like to get a
very nice and respectable one. I keep horses
of my own, and I like them to be respectable
horses, and I like any carriage in which I ride
to be a very neat carriage. But, sir, we have
been told by the Senator from Vermont that
the Republican party had to carry the Demo-
cratic party upon its back. Mr. President, I
have belonged to the Democratic party a great
many years, more years than I can ever expect
to live. I have walked with it and rode with
it; and never before did I hear that the Demo-
cratic party rode on the back of a darkey.
[Laughter.]
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ar.my appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 281C) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1872, an^ for other
purposes, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by tho House of
Kepresentatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
^ Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho
senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Com, Mr, Iiiayer, and Mr. Blair.
