442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr, PETERS. Ob, no.
Mr. CALKIN. I withdraw my objection,
protesting, however, against such legislation.
So the amendraent was agreed to.
Mr." -STARKWEATHER. I give notice
that I will call for the_yeas and nays in the
House.
Mr..DAWES. I move that the bill, as
amended, be laid aside, to be reported at the
proper time to-the House.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration- of the bill (H. R. No. 2524)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1872.
The pending paragraph was as follows:
For the'public printing, §655,996 50: Provided,
Tha t so much of section ten of the act approved June
23,1864, entitled "An act to expedite and regulate
the printing of public documents, and for other
purposes," as provides that the Superintendent of
Public Printing, under certain conditions therein
stated, may furnish extra copiesof any document to
persons applying therefor, be, and thesame is hereby,
repealed.
The pending amendment, moved by Mr.
Boots, was as follows :
In line two hundred and ten strike out the word
"repealed" and insert the following words:
"amended so as to restrict the privilege therein
contained to Senators and members ot Congress
only."
The question being put on Mr. Roots's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The next amendment pending, moved by
Mr. Laflin, was to strike out the proviso in
the pending paragraph.
Mr. LYiSCH. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the extraordinary state-
ment made by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations when this matter was last
under discussion, as to the amount of these
publications and the amount the Government
was losing by this provision, allowing docu-
ments to be obtained upon application to the
Piibli« Printer, at thfe actual cost of the paper
and the printing. The chairman of the com-
mittee referred us to the letter from the Con-
gressional Printer, to show the necessity for the
the repeal of this provision of the law, and
made the statement that the-booksellers of
the country were making large profits out of
the Government by availing themselves of the
privilege of obtaining these books and selling
them.
Now, Mr. Chairman, an examination of this
letter will show that this law, which has been
in operation for about five years, has resulted
in the printing of documents the actual cost
of which, as furnished by the Public Printer,
amounts to $21,000. The actual cost of all
the documents furnished in this way in the five
years since this law was passed is $21,000,
while the amount which the Public Printer has
failed to collect is $8,000, and this failure is
wholly on account of his not complying with
the provision of tho law that payment shall
be received for these documents in advance.
If any' gentleman will take the pains to look
over this letter of the Public Printer he will
find that nearly all these documents are among
the most useful documents that are ordered to
be printed, and that the extra copies have been
obtained principally by chairmen of commit-
tees who have made reports and have found
that the number of copies ordered by Congress
to be printed has not been sufficient to supply
the demand for them. In such circumstances
they have availed themselves of this law. They
go to the Public Printer and obtain what num-
ber of documents they want on the payment in
advance, if the Public Printer complies with
the law, of the actual cost of the paper aad
printing. Now, I cannot see, for the life W
me, what possible objection there can be to
allowing members of Congress to obtain these
documents in this way. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] wishes to cutoff
the aiuise he lias simply to have a resolution
passed here calling the attention of the Public
Printer to the matter and instructing him to
comply with the law. I think the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations could not
have examined the matter or he would not
have made the statement he did when the
question was formerly up for discussion.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, if the
whole amount of the printing done under this
provision during the five or six years it has
been in operation amounts only to §21,000,
then there is no occasion for the warm oppo-
sition made by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lyxch] and others to the reform proposed by
the Committee on Appropriations. The mat-
ter is not worth the expenditure of the time
which they have devoted to preventing the
passage of the proviso proposed by the com-
mittee. I think, however, if the gentleman
from Maine will look a little more critically
over the document he has referred to he will
find that it is but little, indeed, that any mem-
ber of the House or any chairman of any com-
mittee has availed himself of the opportunity
of procuring printing under this law. He will
find that it is an entirely different class of
persons who call for this work.
I hold in my hand a specimen of the kind of
abuse of which this law is capable, and which
is practiced under it. I send to the Clerk's
desk.to be read an indorsement upon a vol-
ume of the Laws of the United States pur-
porting to have been printed at Carson City,
Nevada, which, type for type and page for
page, corresponds with the document printed
at the Public Printing Office. The identity of
the two to any printer, or any gentleman ac-
customed to examine books, will be apparent
at a glance. I wish the Clerk to read what is
said by the person who published this book,
in order to show the frauds which this law here-
tofore has covered.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In order to partially compensate our subscribers
for a non-issue of our paper in its regular form to-
day, we have at much expense arranged for the pub-
lication and circulation, in the form of a compact
pamphlet, of the acts and resolutions passed at
the second session of tho Forty-l'irst Congress, the
Appeal having been selected, by authority in Wash-
ington to perform such publication.
" By this means we are enabled to present our read-
ers, in advance of the law-printers for the Govern-
ment, with a full copy ot the acts and resolutions
passed at the very last term of Congress.
"The law under which wo are acting illustrates its
excellence in this early opportunity to place the laws
of Congress in the hands of tho people, for whose
benefit they were passed.
"These pages will be found printed in our best type;
and the entire contents of thework have been indexed
wirh much care, and at no little troubleand expense.
"As aspecimenof book-work,hastily exeontr.d,  t
flatter ourselves that this will compare with anything
ever done in this State."
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Chairman, if
any gentleman will take this book and com- :
pare it with the one I hold in my hand he will
find that they are exactly the same, page by
page and type by type, and even the typograph-
ical errors are exactly reproduced ; in other
words, the books are identical. The type was
set up in the Government Printing Office, it
was printed on Government presses, and sent
out, under the machinery provided by the bill
which this amendment is intended to repeal,
to this publisher and others in other places,
and sent out by them to their subscribers under
the pretense that they were fulfilling the law
requiring the advertising of the laws in their
newspapers. Now, whether that is an evasion
of the law requiring that they shall set up the
type for their own papers and print them in
their columns, and whether the machinery pro-
vided here, if this be a fraud, facilitates that
fraud, is worth consideration. The Committee
on Appropriations hold that the very founda-
tion for such a fraud as that upon the Treasury
is in the law which this proviso intends to re-
peal. We want to stop all that; and we can
stop it by preventing the supply of these books
for any such purpose.
Now, I might discuss the question, provided
I had time and it was necessary, whether this
is a more advantageous method of distributing
the laws of the United State3 than printing
them in the newspapers. One thing I know is
that it is not a compliance with tho law, and
my own opinion is that the people 'are more
apt to see the law's when they are printed in
the columns of the newspapers than when they
are printed in this manner; but if it is deMrtt-'
ble that they should be printed in this manner,
then let a larger edition be printed here, and
let each member send them to his constituents.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. What harm can arise from
the circulation of the laws of the United States
by the publishers of the newspapers sending
them gratuitously through the country? Is it
not as economical for us to do it in this way
as for us to publish them ourselves and send
them out free?
Mr. SARGENT. The objection is this: that
in order to get these books carried even about
a small town it costs the Government several
hundred dollars, and this on the pretense that
the type has been set up and the printing done
as an advertisement in the columns of the
newspaper, when the whole work is done here
in the Government Printing Office, and is sent
out probably free through the mails, under the
frank of somebody, for aught I know. Now,
if you want to circulate these documents more
extensively, and to send them into every small
town throughout the country, we can do it for
one dollar for every twenty-five which it costs
the Government to do it in this way. We can
send them to the postmaster of a town and
desire him to give them to individuals who call
for letters at his office. We are not certainly
compelled to pay the enormous expense for
distribution that this costs the Government on
the pretense that laws are advertised in the
newspapers. Now, I say again that we shall
cut off this abuse by this proviso, and there is
nothing in the point made by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Ltjtch] and the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] as to tii-^
great public benefit derived from this system;
for the fact is that the parties who are repre-
sented as being so anxious for these documents
have only availed themselves of the oppor-
tunity offered to the extent of $21,000 during
the operation of the law. It cannot., therefore,
be urged that this abuse should continue for the
convenience of the public. The convenience
does not appear, while the fraud smells to
Heaven.
Mr. JENCKE3. Mr. Chairman, instead of
calling the conduct of the publishers of this
Nevada paper in what they have done a fraud
or an injury to the Government and the Treas-
ury, it seems to me something commendable.
The fault, if there is any, is in our system,
or rather want of system, in promulgating out-
laws. _ We authorize the Clerk-of this House
to-designate certain papers, and we pay those
papers so much for printing these laws. They
publish them, sometimes half a statute at a
time, at their convenience, and sometimes por-
tions of the same act are published at intervals
of days or weeks. Those who wish to obtain
knowledge of the laws that have been passed
cannot do so by following the columns of a
newspaper. Now, this newspaper'publisher
was paid so much for promulgating the laws.
Instead of setting them up at his own office,
and publishing them at his convenience in
the columns of his paper, he sent to Wash-
ington and purchased from the Government a
number of copies of those laws equal to the
number of his subscribers. The Government
is paid for what is procured here.
Mr. DAWES. Where does the gentleman
find that they have been paid for ?
Mr. JENCKES. They could not get, out of
the office here unless they were paid for if the
law was complied with; they must have been
paid for before they left the office. And I say
that if all the newspapers of the country that are
authorized to publish and are paid for publish-
ing our laws would follow the example of this
