1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
Nevada publisher the people of the country
would thank them for it. Instead of having
the laws on slips of newspapers, hardly fit for
use, they would be presented with a handsome
volume, and, as the indorsement upon this
book says, in advance*of any other method of
procuring the laws; because these volumes are
prin ted and distributed very soon after the close
of each session.
There is another point to which the gentle-
man alluded the other day: that collections
of the sums due for these documeut were not
made. I am sorry this report does not in
some particulars state the truth. There are
items in it which it is said have not been paid
for which to my own knowledge, at least in
one case, have been paid, and in that case the
correction has been made. Errors have crept
in that report, and those errors should be cor-
rected.
The gentleman says that the small amount
of this work done in five years furnishes a
reason why it should not hereafter be contin-
ued. Sir, I had the curiosity, on Saturday last,
to look over a publication which has been made
respecting the Engish Government printing,
where this system was adopted in 1854, or
about that time. I found that for the first two
or three years the sales of documents amounted
to only three or four thousand pounds sterling,
or about the amount of sales from our Print-
ing Office; but for the last year for which I
can find the estimates the sales made by the
public printer amounted to some seventy-four
thousand pounds sterling, thereby reducing the
cost of the printing at least one fifth of the
annual amount of appropriation for that pur-
pose.
In England, instead of publishing, as we have
hitherto done, five, ten, fifteen, twenty, thirty
or more thousand copies for distribution by
members of Congress and by a few heads of
Departments, they publish for the Government
about our " usual number," fifteen hundred
copies, and the rest are purchased of the Gov-
ernment printer at the cost price. But although
the language of their statute is the same as ours
the "cost price" is not estimated there as it is
here. Here there is included in the cost price
simply the cost of the paper and press-work.
In England, in estimating the cost price, some-
thing more is added, so as to approach some-
what more nearly to the actual cost of these
documents, as ought to be done here. And in
that way, instead of there being a loss to the
Government, there is a gain from this source.
The people will have these documents in one
way or another. If, for instance, we should
cut down the number of copies of the agricul-
tural report to fifteen hundred, andprovide that
copies could be furnished to the various agricul-
tural societies in this country and to all who may
desire to have-them at a low price—say twenty-
five cents per copy—the total number required
to be printed would probably be increased be-
yond the number we now publish by order of
Congress, to the great advantage of the Gov-
ernment, as well as to the entire satisfaction of
the purchasers; for those who really wanted
them would purchase them, and they would not
as now be scattered around promiscuously, the
seed, in many cases, falling upon stony ground.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Chairman, the real ques-
ti on now before the House is a very simple one.
It is whether Congress shall now take Such ac-
tion that public documents shall be published
by the Government and distributed gratuitously
to the people, or whether those receiving them
shall pay the actual cost of their publication.
That is the real, substantial question involved
in this matter. .
In 1864, six years ago, Congress, looking to
the utter abolition of the gratuitous distribu-
tion of public documents, and recognizing,
what has always been alleged, that there was
a popular demand for those documents, pro-
vided by law, that in order to satisfy that de-
maud the right should be given to every person
in the United States desiring to obtain copies
of any public document printed by order of the
Government to go to the Government Printing
Office and obtain the same upon paying the
actual cost of publication.
Now, if the successful working of this law
can be established, if what has been asserted
on this floor can be proved, I want to know
whether a strong argument cannot be pre-
sented for the abolition of this gratuitous dis-
tribution of public documents and for retain-
ing upon our statute-book this wise, econom
ical provision ? I am very sorry to say, Mr.
Chairman, that the statements which have been
made by the gentleman from California [Mr.
Saugest] in behalf of the Committee on
Appropriations are not true. I am very sorry
that they are not true, because the nearer they
approach to being true the stronger is the argu-
ment for retaining upon the statute-book this
very provision. 1 wish the facts did show that
the retention of this provision upon the stat-
ute-book does, as the gentleman from Cali-
fornia tells us it does, involve an annual ex-
pense of thirty-five, fifty, or ahundred thousand
dollars per annum, and that the expense is
growing every year. I wish that were true,
because it would strengthen the line of argu-
ment upon which the enactment of this pro-
vision was based'.
But, sir, what is the fact? Members have
upon their desks Miscellaneous Document No.
11, which contains what is supposed to be an
accurate statement of all the books and docu-
ments which have been ordered under the pro-
visions of this law since its enactment in 1804,
a period of six years. Instead of amounting
to $100,000, the maximum sum named by the
gentleman from California; instead of even
reaching the minimum sum named by him,
$35,000 per annum, we find that during these
entire six years the whole amount that has
been charged in connection with this law is
less than $20,000.
Mr. SA11GENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LAFLIN. If I had time I would bo
glad to answer any questions ; but unless the
House will give me more time I cannot stop
to be interrogated.
During the whole of these six years we have
expended on the printing of these documents
between nineteen and twenty thousand dollars.
So that the cost, instead of being $35,000 per
annum, has been less than $4,000. I wish
myself, as I have said, that the cost had been
greater.
Let me say another thing. _ A member of
the Committee on Appropriations stated here
(and the statement if true ought to produce a
profound impression upon this House) that,
availing themselves of the privileges of this
law, private publishers are burdening the Gov-
ernment Printing Office with their orders, and
necessitating the enlargement of the Govern-
ment Printing Office at a cost of hundreds of
thousands of dollars, and are making immense
private fortunes by taking advantage of the
provisions of this law. I took occasion after
that statement was made to review the letter
of the Congressional Printer, and I find that
the concern which has availed itself most
largely of this provision is the law-publishing
firm of W. H. & O. H. Morrison, of this city;
and, sir, including reports from the Committee
of Claims, copies of the bankrupt law, the
Congressional Directory, and everything else
that they have ordered from the Government
Printing Office within the last six years, these
private publishers, who buy more documents
of the Government than any other publishing
firm in the United States, have bought during
these six years documents amounting to the
magnificent sum of $273 per year. _lt is this
amount out of which the immense privatefor-
tunes, of which a member of the Committee
on Appropriations speaks, have been made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETE Hi} obtained the floor and said:
I yield my time to the gentlemab from New
York, [Mr. Lafun.] •
Mr. ■ LAFLIN. Mr. Chairman, when this
debate took place the other day a statement
was made upon this floor that'undef the~f>ro-
visions of this law newspapers authorised to
publish the laws of Congress, and to receive
pay therefor, are in the habit of going to the
Printing Office and having copies struck off
with their names thereto, and the word
"extra" upon them. Now, sir, I know that
under the provisions of this law no such thing
as that could be done.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman tell
us who made that statement?
Mr. LAFLIN. 1 find it reported in the
Globe, and, if the gentleman doubts the quo-
tation, I will read it:
"Proprietors of newspapers in the country who aro
authorized to publish the laws come hero and get a
portion of the edition printed at the Government
Printing Office, struck off with the name of the paper
and the word 'extra* at the top, the identical
pamphlet printed here by order of Congress, and
have them sent to them under somebody's frank,
and then distribute them among their own sub-
scribers instead of their own paper. Then they
eome here to the State Department and 'obtain pay
for publishing the laws in thoir papers."
Mr. DAWES. I made that statement.
Mr. LAFLIN. Well, sir, I did not intend
to mention who made the statement. I would
be the last person in the world .to reflect
upon the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] I have no doubt that in making that
statement he felt fully authorized to do so. At
that time I had not the data upon which I could
contradict it. But, sir, I immediately addressed
an official letter, as chairman of the Committee
on Printing, to the Congressional Printer, and
I hold in my hand his reply thereto.
Mr. PETERS. I hope the gentleman will
have it read.
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not wish to take up
much of the time of the House, but as gentle-
men have requested the reading of the letter, I
will send it to the Clerk for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of the Congressional Feintek, -
Washington, December 20, 1870.
Sib: Your favor of this date is received, in which
you say "lion. Mr. Dawes, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, stated yesterday in the
House that ' the proprietors of newspapers in the
country who arc authorized to publish the laws
come here and get a portion of tne edition printed
at the Government Printing Office struck off with
the paper and the word "extra "at the top.the iden-
tical pamphlet printed here by order of Congress,
and have them sent to them under somebody's frank,
and then distribute them among their own sub-
scribers instead of their own paper.' "
You say further: " In view of the above, I beg to
inquire whether such a practice as is here named has
prevailed at the Government Printing Office, either
under your administration or that of your pre-
decessors
In reply to this inquiry, I have the honor to state
that Mr. Dawes has evidently been misinformed, so
far as the practice reforred to relates to my admin-
istration. Under the authority of law it becomes
the duty of the Congressional Printer, after the copy
is furnished from the State Department, to print and
send to the newspapers authorized to publish tho
laws single copies of each law to each paper, and
this is all that to my knowledgohave been turnished.
The records of this office do not show that such a
practice as you allude to has ever prevailed in the
administration of its affairs.
X am, with duo respect, &c.,
A. M. CLAPP,
Congressional Printer.
Hon. A. II. Laflin.
Mr. LAFLIN. So much for that. Now the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] has
seen fit to show to the House-copies of the
acts and resolutions of the Congress of the
United States, printed at the Public Printing
Office at cost, under the rightwhich every man
has under the law, and which, in my opinion,
it is in the interest of the Government that
every mail should have. He has seen fit to
show this copy of the acts and resolutions of
the Congress of the United States because
some enterprising publisher in Carson City
has availed himself of this right, and has seen
fit to -print a title page which the gentleman
from California will not pretend was printed
at the Government Printing Office.
