THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January XI,
Mr. SARGENT. But does not the gentle-
man from New York admit that all the rest of
the, book was printed at the Public Printing
Office in this city ?
Mr. IJAWES. The gentleman from New
York will let me interrupt him. because I am
arraigned here. Does not the gentleman and
the Public Printer admit that only the title
page was printed in Carson City, while all
the rest was printed at, the Public Printing
Office in this city ? I can state how this mat-
ter stf*i b in two minutes, and I am willing
that tl.s gentleman shall have the benefit of
it. It is true -that the" title page was printed
in Carson City, while the book itself was
Printed at the Public Printing Office in this city.
stated the other day in a general way, as
reported in the Globe, what would carry the
idea with it, that the title page as well as the
book itself was printed in the Public Printing
Officein this city. That is all there is of it.
While the bjook itself was printed at the Pub-
lic Printing'Office in this city, there is not a
particle of proof in the Printing Office here
who paid for that printing. It was printed at
the Public Printing Office here, and no one
paid for it, ■
Mr. LAFLIN. I admit, as stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that the main
portion- of this book was printed at the Con-
gressional Printing Office.
Mr. DAWES. Tell just how much of it
was printed at the Public Printing Office.
Mr. LAFLIN. If it please the gentle-
man, I will teil him that every particle of the
book, except the title-page, was printed at the
Public Printing Office. So far as we can get
sellers of these books to come to Congress
and avail themselves of this right to procure
these public documents at the Public Printing
Office at cost just so far we relieve ourselves
from that pressure to have these books printed
by the Government for nothing. I am glad
that the publishing houses of this country are
getting into this practice. Why, sir, as chair-
man of this committee for the last three Con-
gresses, I do not know of any provision of law
in connection with the subject ever brought
before the House which is so wise, so judi-
cious, so economical, as this. I could take
Miscellaneous Document No. 11, and show
to the House instance after instance where
the Committee on Printing were appealed to
by members of the House to order extra num-
bers of certain • documents, and where they
have been told that under the law they had the
privilege of going to the Public Printing Office
and order, at eost, whatever number they
pleased. We have saved, I do not know how
much, but in some instances far exceeding
the entire sum. I can point to some instances
where we have saved from five to ten thousand
dollars. I remember when thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] made the report on the
gold panic. He was anxious that a large num-
berof extra eopies should be printed for general
circulation—a larger number of copies than
the committee thought necessary.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman has any
time left, will he allow me to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman has ar-
raigned tny figures. Will he tell me how he
has saved §10,000 out of this expenditure dur-
ing each session of Congress for the last six
years, when the gross amount for the whole
of that period is only §21,000?
Mr. LAFLIN. It the gentleman will only
listen to what I have to say he will find that
he can bo easily answered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MUNGEN obtained the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Laflim] will be allowed time
to answer my question.
Mr, MUNGEN. I yield part of my time to
thegentleman from New York for that purpose.
Mr. LAFLIN. I was going on to show how
we saved that money. I was referring to the
fact that the distinguished gentleman, the
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency, desired our committee to report in
favor of printing an extra number of the gold-
panic tfeport. We thought we had reported a
sufficient number, and when we stated to that
gentleman that he might go to the Government
Printing Office and procure at eost just as many
copies as he desired he accepted that explana-
tion on the part of the committee, went to the
Public Printing Office, and ordered, I think,
somewhere about one hundred dollars' worth
of those reports, for which he paid. And the
same has been the case with other such docu-
ments. Now, will the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] tell me if it were not
for this provision there would not be such a
pressure on the Printing Committee and on
the House of Representatives as would induce
them to authorize the printing of extra copies
of such reports, thus causing an increase of
expense to the-Government?
I may refer to another instance, with which
members are familiar. The, Committee on
Printing ordered the printing of ten copies of
the Congressional Directory for each member.
Many members desired more. But when we
tell them that they can go to the Public Print-
ing Office and obtain as many copies as they
pleas^at fifteen cents each they are satisfied,
and go there and buy them. If that privilege
was denied them, do you not suppose an influ-
ence would be brought to bear upon the House
and upon the Committee on Printing that
would compel them to authorize an edition
larger that what is now printed, and does not
every gentleman suppose that the extra cost
thus occasioned would amount to a large sum
of money every year?
Mr. MUNGEN. I must resume the floor.
Mr. Chairman, this printing question is no new
one. There are some interesting facts, of
which I am cognizant, to which I would allude
if 1 had time; but the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jexckes] has already partly al-
luded to these. I do'not wish to charge gen-
tlemen with making buncombe speeches, but
there must be something of that kind in the
insinuation that the printers get the docu-
ments too cheaply when they pay for them,
out of their own pockets, the full, actual cost.
What is the rule in regard to printing the
laws or the advertisements for letting mail
contracts? I know, and the gentleman from
California ought to kuow, that in every Slate
there are so many newspapers selected for that
purpose. In the State of Ohio there are five.
Sheets are sent to the five different papers
that publish the letting of the mail contracts,
stereotyped and printed in better style than
most of the newspapers could or would do the
same. These sheets, folded and sent out with
the regular edition of the papers, cost about
ten per cent, of the regular and usual cost to
the publishers, or in proportion of seventy-five
to eight hundred dollars, and they cost just
seventy-five dollars and the rates for printing.
These advertisements are thus as well pub-
lished as if the newspapers had set them up in
their own offices. And more than that, those
weekly papers which are frequently selected
for the publication of the laws could not,
unless by such a mode as tliis, publish them
in a whole year. And I ask what lawyer,
what judge, what man interested in any way
in the statutes, would not rather have a
volume like that which has been shown here
to-day to put upon his table, than loose heaps
of newspapers, in, which the laws are- badly
set up? How many weekly newspapers have
published the laws-of Congress in any reason-
able time ? I say there is no fraud in the matter.-
Let me give an instance illustrating another
point. Suppose there is a report made from
some committee, which, may be local in its
bearing, which may affect oue particular State,
or one locality. A member on this floor wants
his people to see that report, and he can go to
the Government Printing Office and give an
order to the GovernmentPriuter that he wants
eopies of such a report; and the Government
Printer is bound to furnish them at the eost
of paper and printing. It costs the Gov-
ernment nothing, and -it accommodates the
member and his constituents, and, I say, is a
saving and an economy. Itiaa thing that is
just and right, and no man who understands
the working of the system will object to it.
I can scarcely understand why gentlemen
should raise these objections. They may be
honest, but I say, with all due respect to those
gentlemen, that they are ignorant, about it.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations have no desire to press this matter
in any other view except that on a full exam-
ination they were satisfied it was a measure
of economy. If they were mistaken in that,
however, tney will be as glad as anybody not
to have this amendment passed. We were
led to report it by an examinatioij of the ac-
counts of the Public Printer. The publishers
of newspapers and others have gone to the
Government Printing Office and obtained a
great deal of printing there by direction and
by indirection, and when we called for the
accounts we could not find that anybody had
paid for it at all. One thing was absolutely
certain, that some of the newspapers were-dis-
tributing as their advertisements copies of the
laws of the United States printed at the Public
Printing Office at the expense of the Govern-
ment, and when we turned to the accounts
rendered we found that not a particle of the
work had been paid for.
Mr. PETERS. Was not that the fault of
the Public Printer and not of the lav/ ?
Mr. DAWES. I am going to show what
the law is; I cannot do it m five minutes, but
I have an idea that the House will indulge me.
Here are two books; one is the laws ot' the
United States, printed by the Public Printer,
the other is the same laws, purporting to he
published as an advertisement in a newspaper
in Nevada, the Carson Daily Appeal. This is
not the only instance of the kind; there are
very many of them ; but I happen to have this
book here in the House. Now, there cannot
be written letters enough to make anybody
who has got eyes disbelieve that both these
books were printed from the same type. There
cannot be any doubt about tbat, and the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Laflix] admits it.
When this bill was last before the committee
I made this statement:
" Proprietors of newspapers in the country who are
authorized to publish the laws come here and get a
portion of the edition punted at the Government
Printing Office struck otf with the name of the paper
and the word 'extra' at the top, the identical
pamphlet printed hero by order of Congress, aiul
have them sent to them under somebody's frank"—
I said, I supposed, under somebody's frank—
"and then distribute them among their own sub-
scribers instead of their own paper."
Now, the Government Printer says that is
all wrong. He says :
"In reply to this inquiry I have the honor to state
that Mr. Dawes has evidently been misinformed so
far as the practice referred to relates to my adminis-
tration," &c.
And he makes a statement through the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Lafijx.] convey-
ing the idea and designed to make the House
believe tbat there never was any such thing
done there, because he did not print the title-
page for this man. This man printed his own
title-page, on which he uses this language :
" In order partially to compensate our subscribers
for a, non-issue of our paper in its regular form to-
day, we have, at much expense"—
Expense to whom? There is no credit for
it on the accounts of the Public Printing
Office-
" arranged for the publication and circulation, in the
form ot a compact pamphlet, of the acts and resolu-
tions passed at the second session of the Forty-First
Congress, the Appeal"—
That is the name of this paper—
"having been selected by authority in Washing-
ton —
