1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
for shipping inside, but being difficult of aooes3
by reason of bars across the mouth of the riv-
ers. One of these rivers is known by the name
of the St. Louis, and empties into Lake Supe-
rior at the upper end of it. Just before it
enters the lake it spreads out into a bay about
six miles in length, and is divided from the
lake by a narrow strip of land but a few rods
in Tsidth, which is cut across by the mouth of
the river, and then it goes into the lake.
Now, inside of the river there is water which
will float vessels. There was a bar at the
mouth of the river. The Government com-
mence.! there, as at the mouth of a great many
other rivers on the chain of lakes, to remove
thisbar and to preventthe formation of another
by building a breakwater out on either side to
deep water. Several appropriations have been
made.
On one side of this river lies the State of
Wisconsin, of which I happen to be at the
present time one of the representatives in this
House. On the other side of the river lies the
State of Minnesota, of which my friend here
[Mr. Stearns] is a representative at the
present time. He is, like myself, only one
representative, but unlike myself, while I am
one of two representatives, I am afraid that
my friend is only one of quite a number that
the State of Minnesota lias here, or at least the
State of Duluth has here. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, it was so ordered in the
providence of God that sundry people settled
on the southern arm of this bay and started
there what is called the town of Superior ; and
recently sundry others have gone on to the
northern arm of the bay and have laid the
foundation Cor the metropolis of Duluth. But,
as 1 said before, the Government has made
several appropriations with a view of improv-
ing the entrance to the St. Louis river. When
you get inside of the St. Louis river you have
water communication with the town of Supe-
rior and the town of Duluth. There is a little
dredging, I know, necessary in order to get
heavy ships up to Duluth—not much. If
Duluth must have a harbot—and the want of
a harbor I must concede is a serious matter ; I
do not believe Duluth can keep house without
a harbor—the Congress of the United States
and the engineers, and everybody that I ever
heard of except one committee of this House
and one other authority, which I do not know
that I am called upon to name, all agree that
the cheapest and best mode of furnishing a
harbor for Duluth is to dredge out the bay
inside, and enter the bay by the mouth of the
river. Engineers, however, have examined
that locality, and they say that harbors can be
built in two other ways. One is to build a
breakwater right out into the lake, fence out
a harbor in the upper end of Lake Superior;
and that, I understand, is the project which
the Committee on Commerce have now taken
charge of.
Mr. President, it is not for me to oppose the
appropriation of public money, perhaps, to the
building of a harbor for Duluth. Perhaps I
ought not to do it; perhaps I should be thought
selfish if I did do it. I have not the slightest
objection that Duluth should have a harbor;
but I have two tiring to say.
The tirst is that there is not a spot anywhere
on the shore of any one of these lakes where
you are not just as much called upon to make
a harbor as to make one at Duluth, because
there is not a spot anywhere oil the lakes
where there is deep water where you cannot
build a breakwater and fence out a portion of
the lake so that, vessels can come inside of it
and be Safe. But still, if the Government sees
lit, in defiance of all its past policy, to go to
work and construct a harbor in that way there,
let it do it. I have two favors to ask ; one is
that they will not take the money out of my
pocket with which to build the harbor. I am
not much alarmed on that point; I think 1 can
defy them safely; I do not believe they can
get the money out of my pocket; and there-
fore, without dwelling upon that, I proceed to
mention the other favor. That is, that they
will not assent to this proposal of the Com-
mittee on Commerce to take the money or any
portion of the money away from the improve-
ments which belong to the State of Wisconsin.
That is not right. If the demands of com-
merce require you to build a harbor for Du-
luth, take it out of the public Treasury; but
if you say that the harbor at Superior must be
rifled to furnish money to build a harbor at
Dultith, then I must say, with the Senator from
Kansas, if you mean to do any sort of justice
to the United States you ought to stop spend-
ing money at Superior.
i do think it will be great extravagance to
build two harbors there within six miles of
each other. I should be sorry to have you stop
work on the harbor which accommodates my
friends at Superior. I do not think it would
be exactly the just thing to do after the amount
of money you have spent. My friend, the Sen-
ator from Michigan, says that there is a rail-
way that terminates at Duluth. That is so, I
believe. There is nothing in the laws of Wis-
consin that prevented that railroad from term-
inating at Superior; but I understand some
very enterprising and public-spirited gentle-
men undertook to build a railway, and they
chose, in the exercise of their wisdom, to term-
inate it at Duluth. I do not know why they
made that choice ; but the fact that they have
made it I do not think calls upon Congress to
deplete the Treasury in order to enable them
to build up their town there at Duluth. They
must come to Superior, because they must
when they get to Duluth get out. They must
come around on the south side of the lake,
and they cannot get around without coming
right through Superior. So that I do not see
that the fact that this railway terminates there
should be a conclusive reason for building an
artificial harbor at Duluth.
I have felt obliged to call the attention of
the Senate, so far as I could arrest its atten-
tion, to this proposition. I know it will be
considered in the State of Wisconsin a very
ungracious measure. I know they will feel
that they are deprived of a portion of the
money which belongs to a harbor within their
limits, and which, if completed according to
the plan of the engineer, will accommodate
both these towns. They will feel as if they
were deprived of that, if this amendment is
adopted, and I hope the Senate will not agree
to the amendment.
llr. CHANDLER. I am rather inclined to
think the Senator is-correct and that Superior
should have been left out. It was understood
originally that this appropriation in the House
was made of $>60,000 for Duluth. I was so
informed ; and if the Senator insists upon leav-
ing it out, of course I suppose he will carry
the Senate with him.
Duluth is the terminus of a railroad from
St. Paul, now completed and which extends
perhaps two hundred miles west. I have not
been at Superior since 1855. I was there in
1855. It was a very properous town, while the
parties were expending their money in building
it. I believe there has been no progress since.
At that time there was an Indian village, I
think, within twenty or thirty miles, with one
white man, and that constituted the commerce
of Superior. I think the Senator is correct,
and I suppose he intended to make a motion
to strike out Superior. If so, I shall assent to
his proposition, and I think on the whole it is
correct.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I object
to striking out Superior and putting in Duluth.
For years we were told that Superior was
the only place upon that grand ocean lake
which could be made a great city, and that it
would be a city greater than Chicago, greater
than New York, and greater than all other
cities; and with that view we gave millions of
acres of land, a land grant, covering an area
greater than all the New England States, to
make a railroad from Lake Superior, at no
defined point, but which was supposed to be
Superior City, to the Columbia river. We
gave the parties all then asked, very much
against my will; but we gave it to them. They
told us that all that country, from the lake to
the grand ocean beyond, was the most fertile
part of the world. Recently we have dis-
covered that for two hundred and fifty miles
from Duluth there is nothing but a swamp; a
swamp larger than that on which Peter the
Great built the city of St. Petersburg ; a swamp
on which no man can live until thousands
and millions of dollars shall be spent to make
it fit for the occupation of man.
The Senator from South Carolina Mr. [Rob-
ertson] who is sitting by my side says Duluth
is upon a bill. Well, 1 suppose there is a hill
there somewhere; but some of the great swamps
in Pennsylvania are on the-tops of the mount-
ains. You will find swamps wherein you find
the springs that make the great rivers. So
you will find swamps extending for miles on
the very highest tops of the Alleghany mount-
ains, where rise all the livers that flow into
the great river of Canada, the Mississippi, and
the Delaware and Susquehanna.
Sir, for years we have been appropriating
money for this town of Superior; and I am
opposed to giving appropriations for any im-
aginary city. When the city of Duluth or any
other city shall become of magnitude enough
to require and demand the assistance of this
Government I am willing to give it all the
assistance we can, as I have always done
before. I shall now be opposed to any ap-
propriation for either of these towns. If the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce in
his wisdom believes there ought to be no
appropriation made to the city of Superior,
let us strike that out and give the appropria-
tion to some other place of importance. Why,
sir, there is the city of Chester, in Pennsylva-
nia, fourteen miles below Philadelphia, which
is really the harbor of Philadelphia, which
asked you the other day for ten or fifteen thou-
sand dollars to help it, and you laughed at it.
Why should we make this appropriation for
this city of Duluth? That city was brought to
public notice prominently by a speech in the
House of Representatives the other day. I
have a great mind to ask—I think I will ask—
the Clerk to read the speech about Duluth
delivered the other day in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. STEARNS. Oh, no ; it will take too
long.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair will
state that by the rule that is prohibited, the
rule stating that what occurs in the other
House must not be used in this House, because
it might influence members.
Mr. CAMERON. Well; let it go. However,
I only desire to say that I hope the whole
appropriation will be stricken out of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
raerCe.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESiDEN L'. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Wisconsin, unless he
proposes to amend the amendment, that by the
fourth rule Senators are limited to two speeches
in any one debate. Does the Senator rise to
move to amend the amendment?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand that I am
not in order?
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to act with the
Senator troin Wisconsin in regard to this ap-
propriation ; in other words, I want to destroy
the appropriation for Duluth, and I will go for
Superior if that will do it. 1 think it is bad
