1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
dilatory motions, the House should proceed to
vote. And the Chair gives notice that no gen-
tleman need address the Chair on any other
subject but this until the bill is disposed of,
the regular order being insisted on,
ENFORCEMENT OF FIPTBENTU AMENDMENT.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (EE. R. No. 2684} to amend an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes," reported
with amendments by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, is entitled to tjie floor.
Mr. BINGHA.il. It is not my purpose to
address the House at present. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldbidge] proposes to
address the House now.
Mr. ELDBIDGE. Mr. Speaker, having
been very much indisposed during the last two
or three days, I should not have appeared
here this morning but from a sense of imper-
ative duty, as one of the minority of the Judi-
ciary Committee, to present to the House my
views upon this most extraordinary bill. I
shall proceed to do so as briefly as possibly as
I must, having promised to occupy but thirty
minutes and to yield the balance of the hour
to gentlemen on this side of the House.
Of all the legislation proposed by this or
any other Congress, there is none, in my judg
ment, more unwarrantable and unjustifiable
than that proposed by this bill. It is abso-
lutely atrocious. It has no warrant in the
Constitution, and no precedent unless it be in
the act to which this is amendatory, in any
previous practice of the Government. Aside
from that it stands alone, original as it is
hideous and revolting. It has not the merit
of one redeeming provision or quality. It will
bind the several States hand and foot, and de-
liver them over to the Federal Government
subjugated and helpless, the mere tools and
slaves of Congress. This bill a law, and the
law acquiesced in by the people, the States
and all State institutions and laws, so far as
rights and powers are concerned, are abso-
lutely overthrown and blotted out The exist-
ence of the States and all their institutions can
only be in the name; they cannot act or move
except by the permission and will of the Fed-
eral power.
Sir, this bill is the crowning act of central-
ization and consolidation. Stealthily and by
somewhat measured step heretofore has been
the march of Federal power upon the rights
and jurisdiction of States; but this reaches the
point and accomplishes State destruction by a
single bound, by one grand act. It brushes
away at once and finally all State machinery
and local authority and substitutes in their
place the Federal bayonets. It not only sub-
jugates and subjects all local and State offices
and officers to the Federal will, making them
thi instruments of its execution, loading them
with pains, penalties, and forfeitures tor its
neglect, but makes them criminals for obe-
dience to the laws of the State whose officers
they are and to which they are bound by their
solemn oaths. It creates a host of new offices
before unkuown, and fills the land with spies
and informers with large pay and emoluments
for their filthy work, it establishes and ordains
« multitude of crimes heretofore not known to
our law. It seeks to overawe free American
citizens and control their votes by the menace
of the sword and the presence at the voting
precinct of the soldier of the Army. It places
for ten days at and before the time of elections
paid agents, two or more at each votiug place,
in the interest of the majority of Congress, to
"scrutinize," manage, and control the votes
of the people, to secure by fair means or foul
the continuation in power of a corrupt and
radical Congress.
Mr. Speaker, no fair-minded man, no dis-
interested, unprejudiced man, can read the
provisions of this bill without being convinced
that it has its origin in the interest of an un-
scrupulous and desperate party. It bears on
its face and in all its provisions the clearest
evidence of its origin aud purpose, not to
secure, but to prevent pure and fair elec-
tions, not to aid the voter to express his own
unbiased judgment, but to awe him into sub-
mission and control him against his convic-
tion. Its very title is a false pretense, if not
a lie, adopted for the purpose of defrauding
the people and cheating them into the support
of a most infamous measure:
An act to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of this
Union.
The falsity of this title will be perceived by
reference to only a few of the_provisions of the
bill imposing conditions upon and throwing
impediments in the way of free suffrage.
In the first place, by the first section of the
bill, the Federal Government takes full and
absolute possession of the registry of voters
provided for by any of the States of the Union.
It takes possession and control of all the State
officers provided by State taws for the admin-
istration of the registry laws of the States. It
adopts the registrations made by the States in
the following proviso :
That every registration made under the laws of
any State or Territory, for any State or other elec-
tion at which such Representative or Delegate in
Congress shall be chosen, shall be deemed to be a
registration within the meaning of this act, notwith-
standing thesameshall also be madefor the purposes
of any State, territorial, or municipal election.
Notwithstanding this it imposes penalties,
and denounces as crimes acts of such officers
in eouformity with and in obedience to the
registry laws of the States.
It provides for the appointment of super-
visors to guard and "scrutinize " the registra-
tions and elections, whose duties among others,
as provided by the fourth section, are thus
defined:
Ibey and each of them are hereby authorized and
required to attend at all times and places fixed for
be entitled to voto for'^Rrpresenta11vo or Delegate
in Congress, and to challenge any person offering to
register.
Let it be observed: "required to attend
and to challenge any person offering to regis-
ter." How far this is calculated to enforce the
right of citizens of the United States to vote,
how far it goes to sustain the truthfulness of
the title, I leave for the present to the candid
mind to judge.
The bill further requires these tools of
party and of the Federal power to attend
at all times and places where the names of
registered voters may be marked for chal-
lenge, and upon any occasion and at any time
when so in attendance to personally inspect
and scrutinize such registry; and this without
regard to and to the exclusion of the officers
of the State in charge. By the fifth section
of the bill these supervisors are "required"
to attend at all times and places for holding
elections for Representatives in Congress, and
for counting the votes cast, " to challenge any
vote offered," to remain with the ballot-box
till the last vote is counted, and to themselves
count and canvass each and every ballot what
ever may be the indorsement on said ballot
or iu "whatever box it may be found." And
these supervisors are authorized and required
to make and attach to the returns any state-
ment touching the truth or accuracy of the
registry or the truth or fairness of the election,
any law of any State notwithstanding,
The sixth section provides that these super-
visors shall, on the day or days of registration,
on the day or days when registered voters may
be marked for challenge, and oil the day or
days of election, take, occupy, and remain in
such position or positions before or behind the
ballot-boxes as their judgment may dictate.
Aud when the polls shall be closed they are
required to piace themselves in such position
with reference to the ballot-boxes as they may
choose for the purpose of canvassing the votes.
All these things may be done without regard
for and to the exclusion of the State officers
appointed to do the work.
Mr. Speaker. I might stop here. I have
shown by the mere statement of these provis-
ions of this bill that the title is an untruth. In
view of these provisions alone no sane man can
believe this is a bill "to enforce the right of
citizens of the United States to vote." It must
be seen that it is a bill to prevent, hinder, and
delay citizens in voting. It provides a system
to drive citizens from the polls, and to disgust
all honest men with our elections.
But the worst of it is yet to be considered.
And first let me remark that this new and
cumbersome machinery is not confined, as
some have supposed, to cities having upward
of twenty thousand inhabitants. The bill is
drawn, I apprehend, to suggest this view, and to
divert attention from its true intent and mean-
ing. The language of the bill is: "that when-
ever, in any city or town having upward of
twenty thousand inhabitants," &c. The word
"town" must be taken in its popular sense,
and will be construed in this bill as synony-
mous with township.
It will extend to any rural town or town-
ship, and every town having a population of
twenty thousand will be covered by this pro-
vision. These officers then can be appointed
in the great majority of the election precincts
of the United States. They will swarm over
and throughout the length and breadth of the
land, and their name will be legion. They will
be an electioneering force such as was never
before organized in any country on earth; such
as no free country can or ever ought to toler-
ate. But two of these partisan agents in each
election district in cities and towns having
upward of twenty thousand inhabitants are
only a small number of these creatures of the
Federal power authorized by this bill, as we
shall see when we have looked it through,
when we shall consider the other appointme nts
by the United States marshals which will be
made and to which there is no limitation.
I said the worst is yet to come. By the
eighth section the marshal of the United
States is empowered, aud it is made his duty,
on application of two citizens of any such city
or town, to appoint "specialdeputies" whose
duty it shall be to attend at all the times and
places specitied for the attendance of the
supervisors. The pretense of their appoint-
ment is to preserve order, keep the peace, and
support and protect the supervisors in the dis-
charge of their duties. They are to prevent
fraudulent registration and fraudulent voting,
or fraudulent conduct on the part of any offi-
cer of election, and immediately, either at said
registration or polling place or elsewhere, and
either before or after registering or voting to
arrest and take into custody,* with or without
process, any person who shall commit, or
attempt, or offer to commit any of the acts pro-
hibited by this act or the act hereby ameuded,
or who shall commit any offense against the
laws of the United States.
The power to arrest is also conferred upon
the supervisors. In addition to all this, the
tenth section provides "that whoever, with or
without auy authority, power, or process of any
State, territorial, or municipal authority," shall
in any wise "interfere with or prevent the
supervisors of elections, or either of them, or
the marshal or his general or special deputies,
or either of them," in any duty required of
them, "or shall molest, interfere with, remove
or eject from any such place of registration or
poll of election" "any supervisor of election,
the marshal, or hisgeneral or special deputies,"
or attempt to offer so to do, or shall refuse or
neglect to aid and assist any supervisor of elec-
tion or the marshal or any of his deputies when
required, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and
liable to instant arrest, with or without pro-
