1871.
THE CONG SESSIONAL GLOBE.
* That is, the Clerk of this House—
"to perform sucli publication. By this means we
arc enabled to present our readers,'in advance of tile
law printers for the Government, with a full copy of
the acts and resolutions passed at the very last term
of Congress."
It seems that he is an admirer of this law,
for lie goes oil to say :
"Thfelaw under which wo are acting illustrates its
excellence in this earty opportunity to place the laws
<>t Congress in the hands of the people for whose
benefit they were passed.
"These pages will be found printed in our best
type"—
Our best type!—
" and the entire contents of the work have been in-
dexed with much care and at no little trouble and
ex [icuse."
It was not any trouble or expense to liim.
"As a specimen ofbook-work, hastily executed, we
flatter ourselves that we will"—
Hoodwink somebody? No, I beg pardon—
" we flatter ourselves that this will comparo with
anything ever done in this State."
Now, because that stuff on this title-page
was not printed at the Government Printing
Office the Public Printer says that I am alto-
gether mistaken when I say that that book with
"extra" printed on the outside ever went
from his office. If this man had ever paid the
cost of the work it might do; but he has not
done it, nor have any of the rest of them;
and this pamphlet was got up in a hasty man-
ner , bat, with splendid success and iu advance
of the Public Printer! Yes, mistakes and all,
even to the broken type. They have even got
broken type and used it in their copies in ex-
actly the same words as in ours, so as to make
their publication correspond exactly with ours.
There is 110 mistake about that; and yet the
Public Printer writes a letter to my distin-
guished friend from New York [Mr. Laflht]
in which he says that I am laboring under a
mistake. Sir, I am laboring ill the dark, for I
ivould like to know who paid for these volumes
of our laws.
Now, one thing more. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Laflij?,] who labors as hard
us any other living man in the interest of econ-
omy, got a joint resolution through the House
just before the holiday recess in reference to
printing the specifications and drawings for
the Patent Office, under the plea that such a
law would save to the Government, in round
numbers, every year some $150,000; that,
instead of costing the Government two hun-
dred and odd thousand dollars for Patent
Office reports, it would cost only about fifty
thousand dollars for those reports. And yet,
in consequence of the passage of that joint
resolution, this same Public Printer sends to
my committee an estimate asking for the
appropriation of $500,000 extra to carry out
that, joint resolution. Now I think the Printer
is mistaken, and that my friend here is nearer
the truth than the Printer is. I think my
friend here is right in liis opinion that that
resolution will result in a saving of expense
to the Government.
But my friend from New York, [Mr. Laf-
lin.J like my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jgnckes.] has an enlarged view of the useful-
ness of the Government Printing Office. He
says that he wishes every newspaper in the
country would do as this Nevada publisher has
done, and then tliey would send to their sub-
scribers, in advance of the publication by the
Government, this pamphlet which is first pub-
lished by us. Sir, there would not be room in
this great city of Washington for the necessary
buildings to publish the number of documents
required.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say but a few words
move.
Mr. GARFrELD, of Ohio. I will take the
li.-or and yield a portion of my time to the
gentleman. . ,,
Mr. DAWES. As I was saying there would
be hardly room in this great city of Washing-
ton for the buildings necessary to carry out the
view of the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jexckes] if every newspaper in the country
should send here and get of the Government
Printing Office, in advance, pamphlet copies
of all our laws to send to .all their subscribers
in place of their own publications.. Why, sir,
the New York Tribune, which sends out every
week more than two hundred thousand copies
of its issue, would come here and say that
it must have the first two hundred thousand
copies of the pamphlet laws printed at the
Government Printing Office, and at the bare
cost of press-work and paper, after we had
beenlo the expense ourselves of setting up
the type.
Sir, I think the question is, whether the Gov-
ernment Printing Office is designed to print
documents for the use of the Government, or
for the use of the people? If it is for the use
of the people, then 1 agree that the system
advocated by the gentleman from New York
and the gentleman from Rhode Island is about
as good as any we can desire for that purpose.
But if that printing office is to be brought
down to the smallest possible limit of use, to
printing matter for the Government itself, for
this House, for the other branch of Congress,
and for the Departments, and when the people
want to have any matter printed for themselves
they must pay for it themselves, then 1 hold
that it is proper for us to cut off' this expend-
iture. Under the cover of the argument of
economy, which in and of itself is sound, a
course of legerdemain is practiced and every
sort of contrivance is resorted to to the detri-
ment of the public good.
The gentleman irom New York has also
figuied out from these accounts brought in here
by the Government Printer some results which
convince me that he has never studied Daboll's
Arithmetic, or book-keeping of any kind. He
has found out that certain booksellers down
here on the aver.ue have got charged to them
only about five hundred dollars a year for doc-
uments obtained from the Government Print-
ing Office. And therefore he comes to the con-
clusion that they have got no more than that
amount. Sir, that is a non sequitur; it is a
conclusion to which I do not agree. It is no
doubt true that they have not had charged to
them more than about five hundred dollars a
year; but it does not follow that no more than
that amount has gone into their store.
Sir, I do not, know any other way than for
us to adopt the rule of limiting the Govern-
ment Printing Office to its legitimate work and
nothing more; that is, to printing only what
the Government officials need for the proper
transaction of the Government business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
it seems to me that my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] is mixing a question of
ethics with a question of book-keeping in a
rather remarkable way. He has shown very
clearly that somebody has got hold of some
volumes of laws printed here, has printed on
the title-page a somewhat flaming notice of
himself and his paper, and has put forth a
statement, no doubt false, in regard to the
method of getting up the book. Whether the
person who did that obtained these volumes
from members of Congress, sending for them
and accumulating them till he had on hand a
sufficient quantity for distribution, I do not
know. It is quite likely the books may have
been obtained in that way. Or he may have
sent to tho Congressional Printer here, had
the documents printed under the law, and paid
for them according to law. Whichever way
it was done ; whether he got the books through
members of Congress—had a little printing
done on the book, and alittle lying on his own
account, for which he is personally responsible
as a matter of ethics—or whether he got them
underthe law aud paid for the printing, is none
of my business. I have simply to say that if
he got them printed under the law and paid for
them, it was a perfectly proper and legitimate
transaction.
But there is another party, concerned, the
people who'took this man's ne'#spapfer." They;
who Otherwise would have had the law.s ;.hj-is-;
erably printed and scattered through the rfe'ws-'
paper issues of perhaps the whole' yea'rj were
treated to a well-printed and bound volatile of
the laws. I cannot see that thej suffered; On
the whole, I congratulate the subscribers that
they got something valuable, instead of what
would have been almost worthless. Tt seems
to me, therefore', that so fiir as the people are
concerned, so far as the Treasury of the United
States and the printing department are con-
cerned, no harm was done and nobody wronged.
The only point which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has brought out is the rather bad
character for truth and veracity of this gen-
tleman who had the printing done on the
cover.
Now, if we want to make a reform in this
matter of unnecessary printing of public docu-
ments, if we propose to abolish the franking
privilege, all we have to do is to take one step
further ; and I am very anxious to take that
step. We have simply to provide that of all
these public documents there shall be printed
simply so-many copies as are needed by the
officers of the Government far official use, and
that if any human being, whether member of
Congress, Secretary of the Treasury, editor of
a newspaper, President of the United States,
or anybody else, wants any additional copies,
he shall obtain them only by paying their, cost
to the Government, just as public officials do
in Great Britain. When the franking piivilege
is abolished there will not be any great rush
for such documents by members of Congress
or other officials. I can conceive of no meas-
ure connected with our public printing that will
more rapidly reduce expenses, that will more
certainly cut off excrescences, thau simply to
provide that of any public document there
shall be furnished, without charge, one copy
only to every officer requiring the book, and
that 110 extra copies shall be furnished to any
one except under such a provision as that
referred to in this bill. The gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jehckes] has very well
stated that in England the practice of the
Government is in this direction, and that it
is absolutely a source of revenue.
Let us reform, if it be thought necessary, the
manner of computing the cost of these docu-
ments. If gentlemen please, let twenty-five or
fifty per cent, be added to the present mode
of estimating the cost, so that the Government
may be paid something for its investment in
the matter. I11 that way this system of public
printing, instead of being an excrescence on
the Government, may be made a source of
revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
-Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by striking ont at the end
the word "reppaled," and inserting an addi-
tional clause; so that the proviso will read as
follows :
Provided. That so much of section ten of the act
approved June *25,1864, entitled "An act to expedite
and regulate the printing of public documents, a.nd
for other purposes," as provides that tho Superin-
tendentof Public Printing, under certain conditions
therein stated, may furnish extra copies of any docu-
ment to persons applying therefor, be, and the s tine
is hereby, amended so as to allow the printing and
delivery of documents as therein provided, on pay-
meutin advance of the cost price of the same, and
twenty-five per cent, in addition thereto.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from New York. I have
prepared an amendment, to strike out the,
words " so much of" in line two hundred and
three, and the word "repealed," and to add
the words'Hen per cent, shall be added to the
cost of such documents."
Mr. GRISWOLD. I thought it necessary
that we should make an additional charge to
the purchasers of these documents on the cost
to the Government for printing. , I know this
practice is a very common one in my.own State,
where the State paper is authorized to print the
