1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS8B
enough to be cheated by one city on Lake
Superior without being cheated by two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
under the impression that the Senator from
Wisconsin had spoken twice on the pending
amendment, which was incorrect. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWE. I have not kept any account.
I want to say to my friend from Michigan that
I am not likely to be deterred by the threat
to strike out the appropriation to Superior.
In view of that threat, I repeat again that ac-
cording to my judgment it is not wise for the
Government of the United States to improve
a harbor and then build one within six miles
of it. That is my judgment. If it be the
judgment of the Senate, that after having fol-
lowed the lead of the Committee on Commerce
and spent seventy-five or one hundred thousand
dollars improving a harbor, now, when the
work is nearly complete, you think it wise to
follow the lead of the Committee on Com-
merce, and refuse to complete the improve-
ment, but turn around and build a harbor
which will cost, according to the report of the
engineer department, over three hundred thou-
sand dollars to build, I shall not have anything
to say. I do not know what I could say that
would do justice to the occasion. Therefore
I abandon the effort.
I have here the last annual report of the
chief of engineers. I understood the Senator
from Michigan to say, and if I misunderstood
him he will correct me, that the committee of
the House intended to appropriate this $60,000
to Duluth, and not to Superior.
Mr. CHANDLER. So I was informed.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator was mis-
informed. I hope whoever told him so was
mistaken. I should think it a very extraordin-
ary mistake for a member of the committee to
make, but not so extraordinary as for the com-
mittee to make that mistake. For them to have
intended to recommend an appropriation of
$60,000 for one place, and actually make it for
another, I should have supposed a very extra-
ordinary mistake for a Committee of Commerce
of any House to make. But, sir, I should think
it more extraordinary for'them to make such
a mistake in the face and eyes of this report
from the Bureau of Engineers.
There has been a great deal said in and out
of Congress about these two towns, the town
of Superior and the town of Duluth. The
Bureau of Engineers have been somewhat exer-
cised on this subject. They appointed a com-
mission of engineers to examine these two
localities and to report upon the feasibility of
building harbors at either point. This com-
mission reported in January last, and I will
read this much from their report. They say
that—
" Duluth is at the west end of Lake Superior upon
an open coast with no other advantage tor a harbor
than deep water affords."
That you can find anywhere almost on the
lakes.
" The west end of the lake for a mile from the coast
lias been known to be closed by ioe as late as the first
week of J une."
They mention some other facts, and then
say:
" In view of these facts, and after an examination
of the three plans for the improvement oi this har-
bor, presented by Colonel Wheeler, the board is of
the opinion that the present wants of the commerce
of Duluth are already sufficiently provided for, and
that its possible future commerce may be best ana
most economically provided for by the completion
of the improvements of the entrance to Superior
bay or mouth of the St. Louis river, and therefore
recommends the adoption of the third plan pre-
sented by Colonel Wheeler, in his report to the chief
of engineers, dated November 30,1869, which seems
to the board to be the most desirable of the three."
The three plans beingf— one to enter the
St. Louis river, and then dredge out the bay
up to Duluth; another, to build an artificial
harbor out into the lake; and the other, to
build a breakwater and cut through the point
into the upper end of this bay, and dredge
out there. Now, here is the report of the
chief of engineers upon the inspection of a
board of engineers. This report the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the House had before
them; and yet we are told that a member of
that committee has asserted that the commit-
tee made the strange mistake of recommending
an appropriation for the mouth of the river
when they intended it for Duluth. I think the
Senator from Michigan should have required
affidavits to back up that representation before
he gave credence to it.
I do not mean to prolong this debate. I do
not wish to prolong it. I wish to get the atten-
tion of the Senate to the subject. This is the
first appropriation that has been made for this
work, and it is evident that the Committee on
Commerce did not dare to propose an appro-
priation of $60,000 out of the Treasury. To
make it acceptable to the Senate they pro-
pose to take $20,000 of it from an appropri-
ation which the House agreed to, to complete
a work already begun and far advanced. It is
manifest this is not only the first appropri-
ation that is asked for this work, it is not only
a work entirely novel, unprecedented in its
kind, but it is a work which so far from being
recommended by the Engineer Bureau, is
actually discarded. They say it is not required.
Mr. STEWART. I visited Lake Superior
last summer and the famous town of Duluth,
and also the supposed town of Superior. I saw
a good many places along the lake where there
might be good harbors made, but where there
were no harbors, no coiUmerce, no roads re-
quiring a harbor, and practically, for all prac-
tical purposes, the place called Superior is a
place of that kind. Some twenty years ago
some enterprising gentlemen located a town
there and then left it to take care of itself.
That there should be a point at the head of the
lake to accommodate commerce is the most
obvious proposition in the world. That there
should be an improvement made there is the
most obvious proposition in the world.
Mr. NYE. If my colleague will allow me
to interrupt him, it is evident that this discus-
sion will last until the time fixed for our recess,
and it is important that the territorial nom-
inations that are made should be confirmed.
Mr. STEWART. We have an executive
session at half past four.
Mr. NYE. No; we do not. If he will give
way, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a few
remarks on this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
be entitled to the floor when this subject is
resumed. The Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] now moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business, and
that the Senate take its recess at the close of
the executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to give notice that
I desire to say a few more words about Duluth
before the question is taken on this amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Its considera-
tion will be resumed at the evening session.
The tnotion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After thirty
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and (at four o'clock and fifty
minutes p. m.) the Senate took a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
army regulations.
Mr. WILSON. I ask consent to call up a
Senate bill to authorize the promulgation of
the general regulations for the government of
the Army, and I should like to be allowed to
say one word in explanation. By law the Sec-
retary of War is compelled to report at this
session of Congress the rules and regulations.
He has not been able to do so. We want to
relieve him from that obligation and let him
prepare his rales and regulations with the ap-
proval of the President, to be changed here-
after if Congress sees fit. The bill meets the
approval of everybody. I hope there will be
no objection to action on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The river and
harbor bill is before the Senate, pending which
the Senator from Massachusetts asks unani-
mous consent to consider the bill indicated by
him. Is there objection?
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1294)
to authorize the promulgation of the general
regulations for the government of the Army
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It repeals so much
of section twenty of the act approved July
15, 1870, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes,"
as requires the system of general regulations
for the Army therein authorized to be reported
to Congress at its next session, and approved
by that body; and directs that the regulations
prepared by the Secretary of War under that
section shall, when approved by the President,
be in force and obeyed until altered or revoked '
by the same authority or by act of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
district free highways.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
House bill No. 3048.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The river and
harbor bill being before the Senate, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire asks unanimous
consent for the consideration of a bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
3048) to authorize the establishment of certain
free public highways in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The proper
municipal authorities of the District of Colum-
bia, within sixty days from and after the pas-
sage of the act, are to locate, construct, and
maintain a free public highway on and over
that part of the Columbia turnpike road which
leads from the boundary of the city of Wash-
ington to the boundary of the Districtof Colum-
bia toward the village of Bladensburg, in the
State of Maryland, and which is now commonly
called the Bladensburg turnpike road, and
which is described in the act of Congress ap-
proved April 20, 1810, incorporating the presi-
dent, directors, and company of the Columbia
turnpike roads as the line in the most direct
and practicable route from the capital to Balti-
more, and within the same time to locate, con-
struct, and maintain a free public highway on
and over the turnpike road in the District of
Columbia leading from the boundary of the
city of Washington, and beginning at or near
the end of Seventh street of said city, and
extending to the boundary of the District of
Columbia toward Brookville, Maryland, au-
thorized by the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary 15, 1819, entitled "An act to authorize
the president and managers of the Rockville
•and Washington Turnpike Company of the
State of Maryland to extend and make their
turnpike road to or from the boundary of the
city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, through said District to the line thereof."
Just compensation is to be made to the compa-
nies for the real estate and franchise so taken,
and which compensation is to be ascertained
in the following manner: immediately after
the proper municipal authorities shall have
taken any of the real estate and franchises
mentioned, the marshal of the District of Colum-
bia is in each case to summon a jury of twelve
men, who shall, under oath, and after flue
notice given to the companies interested, and
also to the municipal authorities, proceed, under
