1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
cess, and on conviction thereof shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment not less than one "year
nor more than two years; or by fine not less
than $1,000 or more than $3,000, or by both
such fine and imprisonment, and shall pay the
cost of prosecution.
But to cap the climax of the enormity, to
outrage, every sense of honor, propriety,'and
decency, to insult and trample upon, all law,
and'make the liberty of the citizen a delusion
and suffrage a pretense, .and a snare,' it is pro-
vided by the twelfth section that all these
great and .little satraps, the supervisors, the
marshal and his "deputies, may, when they
shall see fit, summon to their aid the by-
standers, a posse comitatus, and require the
commanding officer of the nearest United
States military or naval forces to enable them
to accomplish the purposes of their appoint-
ment. Yes, sir; the bill requires it; the big-
gest fool the marshal shall be able to appoint
his deputy will' be in command of the Army
and Navy of the United States. "And it shall
be" (I use the words of the bill) " the duty
of such commanding officer upon such requi-
sition being made to obey it without delay."
There is no alternative, no discretion, no
delay. The highest and the lowest military
or naval commander must instantly obey the
deputy marshals created under this act. The
President of the United States, the Com-
mander-in-Chief, must be subject to such
order. The voice of Congress is the voice of
omnipotence. It has made the rule, it has
established the regulation. President, gene-
rals, lieutenant generals, major generals, brig-
adier generals, and all are subject to the com-
mand of the most insignificant deputy mar-
shal of the United States. Was there ever
so supremely ridiculous and absurd a propo-
sition ? This bill not only .places the States,
State officers, and all local State authorities,
but the United States, all United States offi-
cers, civil and military, and all the powers of
the Federal Government, under the control
and at the disposal of these election officers.
Mr. Speaker, it may perhaps be deemed
undignified and small to look into the lesser
details of this grand scheme, this grand elec-
tioneering scheme, as 1 look upon it; this
scheme for propping up the waning fortunes
of the Republican party; but it ought to be
understood. It will do no harm to look into
and count the cost of this new departure in
politics, and see as well as we can about how
much of an " elephant" we shall have on our
hands.
There is to be in each judicial district one
chief supervisor of elections, who is to furnish
all necessary books, blanks, forms, &e., and
do and perform a great many other duties,
with most extravagant fees for his services,
the aggregate of which will depend upon the
work he will find to do, and which no man can
estimate in advance.
As we have already seen, there will be two
supervisors of elections in each election pre-
cinct in every city and town of upward of
twenty thousand inhabitants. The marshal
will, in each of these election precincts, appoint
at least two special deputies and as many more
as he shall see fit. Being a partisan, and anx-
ious to carry the elections in favor of his party,
hewill of course appoint just as many as the
exigencies of the case may seem to require. He
is not limited by the act. I estimate, without
pretending to entire accuracy, that there will
be of supervisors and marshals from forty to
fifty thousand throughout the United States.
It may be more. These are exclusive of all
those who may be pressed into service from
among the bystanders at elections. The bill
provides that " there shall be allowed and paid
to each and every supervisor of elections, and
each and every special deputy marshal" com-
pensation '' at the rate of five dollars per day''
for each and every day he shall "actually have
beenonduty not exceedingten days." Here,
then, it will be seen is a grand army of elec-
tioneerers, of .tens of thousands of party poli-
ticians, and a/fund of millions of dollars to be
paid from the public Treasury for the work to
be performed.
Every one of these supervisors and deputy
marshals will receive at least fifty dollars. It
is of little account that one of these super-
visors is of "different politics" from the
other. Scarcely any two men can be found
who are not of somewhat different politics;
so there will be 110 difficulty in having them
all of one party. And if this be not so, no
such thing is required in the selection of the
deputy marshals. They will certainly all be
on one side, and all ready and willing to do
the work of their masters, and may outnum-
ber the supervisors by thousands. There will
be but two supervisors in each precinct,
whereas there will be of deputy marshals ten,
twenty, or 'any other indefinite number the
marshal may be induced to appoint. But
enough of the details of this infernal bill.
They are sickening in the extreme. The cloven
foot of blinded, bigoted party appears in
every line. It tells of the consciousness of the
party itself that it is doomed, that its hour of
dissolution is at hand. It is one of many
desperate efforts to avert a fate it long has
merited, and which this very measure betokens
and will hasten.
Mr. Speaker, I have said this bill is obnox-
ious to the Constitution. Who will argue that
it is not? Who will contend that the Consti-
tution of this great Republic warrants such a
measure? Who will admit that, the States, the
grand, glorious States of this Union, the very
pillars upon which the Union is built and by
which it is upheld and sustained, are sunk so
low, have become so insignificant, as to be
trifled with and humiliated and contemned as
by this bill? Is there any one in this House
or elsewhere to stand up and assert the right
of the Federal Government to intermeddle as
proposed in the registration of the citizens of
the States? Is there a statesman in all the
land who will attempt, under our Constitution,
to defend the wanton and arbitrary arrests,
arrests without complaint and without war-
rant, provided for by this bill ? Is it pretended
that our bill of rights is repealed by the "fif-
teenth amendment?" Has the adoption into
our Constitution (even if it were legally and
validly done, which I deny) of the declaration
that "the right of citizens of the United States
to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States, or by any State, on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude," given authority to the United States to
arrest any and all citizens without warrant
and imprison them without a trial or hearing?
In giving the right to vote to the negro have
we subjected every citizen of the United States
to the'indignities and outrages provided for by
this bill, in attending the polls for the mere
purpose of trying to vote?
By conferring suffrage upon the colored race
have we lost the rights our fathers secured to
us by the Constitution ? In giving freedom to
the slaves have we become slaves ourselves ?
It must be apparent to all that the language of
this pretended fifteenth amendment confers no
power upon Congress to pass such a measure
as this bill. It is at most only a prohibition
upon the United States and the States as such—
upon them in their legislative capacity, the
only capacity in which they can act—prohibit-
ing them from discriminating against any citi-
zen on account of "race, color, or previous
condition of servitude." It makes void any act
of the United States and the States that should
make this discrimination. The power to pun-
ish individuals and impose penalties for the
violation of law or obedience to State laws
must be found if at all in some other provision.
And, sir, is it possible that any one will be
found bold enough to attempt to defend the
constitutionality of this measure under section
four, clause one, of the Constitution?
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senator.-:."
Congress may at any time make or alter such
regulations. Can arbitrary arrests and impris-
onment, without trial or warrant, be justified
under this provision ? Can State officers, for
obedience to State laws, not altered by any act
of Congress, be made criminals and subjected
to the penalties of this bill? Can the Army
and Navy be placed under the command of
any marshal's deputy and marched indiscrim-
inately against the citizens and officers of
States on a bare suspicion that they contem-
plate resistance to some outrage of such dep-
uty marshal ? Will any gentleman argue that
under this provision or any other provision of
the Constitution the United States may take
possession of the registration as well as the
elections of the States, determine who is quali-
fied and who not qualified, who shall and who
shall not register, to the exclusion of all State
authority, as provided by this bill; that the
Governors of the States and all other State
officers can, under penalties, be required by
the Federal Government to serve as its offi-
cers and do its bidding?
Sir, the proposition and all sucli proposi-
tions are too absurd and preposterous for a
candid answer. There is no constitutional
warrant for this measure. It is rank usurpa-
tion and revolution ; it is an insult to every
citizen of the Republic; it is hostile in every
feature to liberty, and violates every funda-
mental idea of republican government; it
will bring war and bloodshed; it is intended
to awe the free men of the States and drive
them from the polls. They will not submit
without a struggle. There will be many a
man, accustomed to cast his vote without
hinderance or molestation ; many a good and
true citizen, faithful, law-abiding, and patri-
otic, who will feel more like firing a bullet than
casting a ballot through the spy and informer
paid from the people's Treasury, which this
bill places before and behind the ballot-box,
to obstruct not facilitate voting. The hypo-
critical cry of "Let us have peace" will
not avail in the face of such measures as this.
The people cannot be humiliated much fur-
ther; they will soon have borne all they can;
they will ere long assert their sovereign right
and power to be free; and they will teach Con-
gress, too, that its members are the servants
not the masters of the people, and that the
people have, under our system, the right to
govern themselves.
I now yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr.COXaddressedtheHouse. [Hisremarks
will be printed in the Appendix.] At the con-
clusion of his speech he said : I yield what time
I have left to my colleague, [Mr. Mayiiam.]
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker, 1 did not
expect to occupy any of the time ot'the House
on this bill; and, indeed, I feel that it is almost
a waste of time to discuss the question alter
the very able aud ingenious arguments of the
gentlemen who have preceded "me on this side
of the House, the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] and my colleague from New
York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. Speaker, the bill before the House has
been characterized as a monstrosity. It has
been characterized as striking at "all that is
left of the rights of the States and the rights
of the citizens of the States. It has been
characterized as one which will be usurped by
the Federal Government and by the head of
the Federal Government all the power of the
nation. It seems to me that it has been jostfy
characterized and criticised in these regards.
Let us look at it in detail.
The first section of this bill provides for a
general supervision of elections in the States
by Federal authority. The second section
authorizes the circuit judge to appoint on the
application of two citizens, in any city having
