446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
laws, and where the newspapers of the several
counties are authorized to print them. Those
papers are paid for the printing of those laws;
and it is the custom for those local papers to
have a certain number of extra copies printed
at the State paper office, not only of the laws,
but of other proceedings of the State author-
ized to he printed, the local papers purchasing
these extra copies from the. State paper office,
where the type is set up and standing, and
where the printing can be done much cheaper.
The local papers make a saving in this respect
without injury to the public.
I can see no objection to allowing individ-
uals purchasing extra numbers of the public
documents frotn the Government Printing
Office. So long as the Government does not
suffer there can be no valid objection to the
practice; but it is supposed, on the part of some
gentlemen, that while the Government Printer
is authorized to charge the full cost of print-
ing, he is nevertheless not likely to charge to
the full extent of the expense; that perhaps
ho will not take into account the rent of the
building and the wear of the type. Therefore,
perhaps, for the purpose of saving this right
of individuals to have documents .printed at
the Government Printing Office, it may be as
well for us to make an additional charge, and,
if deemed necessary, to make it even profit-
able to the Government. It seems to me that
the additional charge I have proposed is suffi-
cient.
I know it is said that the Public Printer
allows persons to go and get those documents
without paying for them. That can be rem-
edied by making him responsible for them.
Mr. MUNfiEN. I have an amendment on
that subject which I hope the gentleman will
let me offer.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will hear it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
That when any gentleman orders documents from
the Public Printer the money must accompany the
order.
Mr. GRISWOLD. My own amendment pro-
vides that all public documents ordered shall be
paid for in advance.
Mr. LAFL1N. As the law now stands the
Congressional Printer is required to obtain the
money in advance when the order is made.
Let me suggest to the gentleman that he had
better amend section ten, which provides that
the person ordering documents shall pay in
advance the estimated cost thereof, by add-
ing that twenty-live or ten per cent, additional
shall be paid on the cost of printing the docu-
ments. According to the law now they are
required to pay for them in advance.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I think it is better to
make it twenty-five per cent.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will have accom-
plished a great deal by bringing attention to
this abuse, if it can secure such legislation as
will reduce the cost of the public printing. I
am disposed to go for ten per cent., or for a
larger amount than that, to be charged in addi-
tion to the cost of the printing of these docu-
ments. If this discussion has had no other
cffect than to enforce upon the Committee of
Printing that this leak must be stopped, it has
not been altogether in vain, and the time spent
on it has been well spent.
I have heard the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Laflix] not with much surprise, however,
express his regret that these things do not cost
the Government more than they do. I have
been watching the running up of the cost of the
Government printing for two or three years
past, and I find, as 1 said the other day, that
year by year we are compelled to appropriate
thirty live, fifty, and as high as one hundred
thousand dollars more than ever before to do
the work. We have been looking to the Com-
mittee on Printing to suggest some practical
means by which the cost of the Public Printing
Office could be lessened ; by which some por-
tion of the excess of printing might be taken
off and the cost saved to the Treasury. But
we have looked in vain for any such measures
from that committee. There has not been one
practical suggestion looking in this direction.
And when we come in here, asking that one
of these leaks be stopped, as if by a concert
of action they assail the Committee on Appro-
priations for its recommendation.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Laf-
lin] expresses exactly what is the position of
his own committee when he says he is careless
how much these things cost and that he is
sorry they do not cost more. But the Com-
mittee on Appropriations feel that they 'have
a duty to perform in stopping these leaks and
poiuting out where are the defects in the exist-
ing system. The amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Griswold] I think would
have a good effect, as far as it goes. It would
have this effect; that the Public Printer, instead
of having five or ten thousand dollars of unpaid
bills, would bo required to have the money
before he furnished the work, and thathe would
charge an additional percentage to cover the
cost of the wear and tear of type, machinery,
&c., which has to be frequently renewed in
consequence of the enormous quantity of print-
ing that is constantly being done. I yield the
rest of my time to the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Rogers.]
Mr. ELA. Before the gentleman yields to
the gentleman from Arkansas, will he allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. ELA. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the increase of printing is an increase
of the same class of printing; that is, of the
documents formerly printed, or whether it
arises from the addition of other printing to
the work of the Public Printing Office?
Mr. SARGENT. That a good deal of it
arises from the latter cause I am aware. But
ono leak not yet stopped is that any bureau
officer goes to the Secretary of his Department
and easily gets an order for anything to be
printed that he sees fit, having any reference
to his business, and in any quantity. I think
it is the duty of the Committee on Printing so
to define the powers of the different Depart-
ments, in the matter of printing and binding,
that a stop may be put to the enormous amount
of useless printing now done. Let them define
what may be printed, and if necessary restrict
that power of the heads of Departments. Any
one can go to the Printing Office and find costly
works, with exquisite plates, of which Con-
gress never hears, printed in enormous quan-
tities and at prodigious cost. Congressional
printing is but a small part of the work done.
Here is work for my friend from New York
[Mr. Laflin] and his committee. We want
to hear from him on that subject.
I desire to make a single remark in regard
to the printing of the laws in pamphlet form,
and the publication of thenj under this hum-
bug pretense of a newspaper advertisement, in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.] Suppose it should be stated to the
Secretary of State and the Secretary of the
Treasury that the newspaper publishers au-
thorized to do the advertising had procured
these copies from the Public Printing Office
and sent them to their subscribers, instead of
regularly advertising the laws; can it be im-
agined that one Secretary would ever authorize
or the other pay such a bill? It would be at
once rejected as a violation of the law. And
yet that is the true test of the legality of the
transaction which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Laflijt] attempt to defend. I yield
the rest of my time to the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] is ex-
hausted.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask pardon of my friend.
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not propose at this
late hour in the day and at this late time of
my continuance in Congress to defend myseif
against the attacks which the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] has seen fit to make
upon me. *My record as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, in the interests of econ-
omy, asregards the expenditures public prin t-
ing, has been made. By that record I wish to
abide. I leave it to the good or bad opinion
of this House. But I say to that gentleman
that there .is no jealousy on the part of our
committee as to the duties which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations may assume in the
direction of economy. The gentleman ought
to know, as a member of it, that we have gone
to that committee and availed ourselves of the
interest which they manifest in behalf of econ-
omy to have incorporated in the law provisions
which have led to the very result the negative
of which he now sees fit to accuse us of.
And, sir, the gentleman from California per-
verts the language which I used. He said
that I expressed a regret before the House and
the country that this did not cost the Govern-
ment of the United States more than it does.
No such language as that did I use. I said I
was sorry to see that the amount which has
been paid the Government of the United States
for these miscellaneous documents has not
been greater. I adhere to that.
While I am upon the floor I wish to allude
to some remarks that were made by my dis-
tinguished friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. The gentleman said he did
not desire to do injustice to any one. I appre-
ciate his kindness offeeling; but I hardly think
it fair, when he proposes to attack a law the
provisions of which, in my judgment, are wise,
to go outside of that, and attack the Congres-
sional Printer.
Mr. DAWES. I did not mean to attack the
Congressional Printer.
Mr. LAFLIN. The whole sum and sub-
stance of the argument made in favor of this
proviso has been directed against the manner
m which the law is enforced. There has not
been any argument made here against the law ;
but the law has been opposed because certain
officers of the Government have not, perhaps,
done their duty under it. "What we should do
is to see that that duty is done.
For the purpose of raising a prejudice against
this wise provision, the gentleman saw fit to
allude to certain estimates which the Congres-
sional Printer has furnished the Departments
on the subject of printing the specifications and
drawings of patents in accordance with the law
lately passed. It was not fair in him to do it.
That thing is susceptible of an explanation.
The Congressional Printer is not "here to explain
for himself; but withoutgoing to the bottom of
the matter, I might as well say "that the esti-
mates which the Congressional Printer saw tit
to present to the Committee on Appropriatiojss
involved an expense, not only for, two propo-
sitions, two manners of doing the work, bat
also an expense for two years ; and I stand here
before Ihe House, although the gentleman from
Massachusetts uttered a very kind disclaimer
on nay behalf, to say that no such result as he
intimates shall be attained without due and
seasonable notice being given to the House, in
order that such a result as that may be pre-
vented.
Mr. DAWES. I do not doubt it.
Mr. LAFLIN. I adhere to the estimateson
which I asked the House to support that bill ;
and unless I can realize those estimates I shall
ask the House to rescind it.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent of
the committee that all debate shall cease upon
this clause.
No objection was made.
The question was upon the amendments
offered by Mr. JENCKES,tostrikeout at the end
of line two hundred and ten the word "re-
pealed " and toinsertin lieu thereof the words
"so amended that tea percent, shall be added
