1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WASHINGTON AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. BOREMAN. The House of Repre-
sentatives nearly a year since pissed a bill,
HouSe bill No. 1724 
Mr. EDJ1UNDS. I called for the regular
oi'ilel' long ago.
The.VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan.and the Senator from Vermont
both demand the regular order.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think gentlemen will
make no objection to this bill when they hear
its tills read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West. Virginia asks consent to call up the bill
(it. Jl. No. 1724) to authorize a subscription
i>v i he corporate authorities of the city of
Washington to the capital Stock of the Alex-
andria, Loudoun, and Hampshire Railroad
Company, or the Washington and Ohio Rail-
loaii Company, as the ca.se may be.
Mr. SAWYER. That will lead to discussion.
the VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and .the regular order is demanded.
Mr. LEWIS. I do not think that bill will
lead to discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I demand the regular
order.
RAILROAD IN MINNESOTA.
The .VICE PRESIDENT. A demand is
made for the regular order, pending which the
Chair will submit an amendment made by the
House of Representatives to a Senate bill.
The bill as passed by the Senate was a land
grant.; it is so amended by the House as to be
a relinquishment of a land grant; at least so
the title states.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
381) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the western boundary of
Minnesota to the junction of the Sioux Wood
river with the Red River of the North to the
Winnipeg district of British America, the
amendment being to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert:
That the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company
may so alter its branch lines that instead of con-
structing roads from Crow Wing to St. Vincent and
from St. Cloud to the waters of Lake Superior, it
may locate and construct in lieu thereof a lirie from
Crow Wing to Brainerd, to intersect with the North-
ern Pacific Railroad.and from St. Cloud to a point of
intersection with the line of the original grant at or
near Otter's Tail or Rush lake, so as to form a more
direct route to St. Vincent, with the same propor-
tional grant of land to be taken in the samo man-
lier along the said altered line as is provided for the
present lines by existing law: Provided, however,
That this change shall in no manner enlarge said
grant, and that this act shall only take effect-upon
the condition of being in accord with the lejislation
of the State of Minnesota, and upon the further
condition that proper releases shall be made to the
United States hy said company of all lands along
said abandoned lines from Crow Wing to St. Vincent
and from St. Cloud to Lake Superior, and that upon
the execution of said releases such lands so released
shall bo considered as immediately restored to mar-
ket without further legislation.
The House of Representatives also proposed
to amend the title ot the bill to read: "A bill
authorizing the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad
Company to change its line in consideration
of a relinquishment of lands."
Mr. POMEllOY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object, and call for the
regular order.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn,
and the question stated upon concurring in the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have examined the bill
and the amendment; and 1 am satisfied that
to agree to the proposition to amend is a great
advantage to the United States. „
The amendments were concurrcd in.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WARNER, Mr. RAMSEY, Mr. BAY-
ARD, Mr. RICE, and Mf. ROSS submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 3064) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 80, 1872, and for
other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be .printed.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3084) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 80, 1872, and for other purposes,
report it back with amendments^ and I notify
Senators that I shall aSk to have it acted on
as scion as the river and harbor bill is disposed
of, probably to-night.
DUTY ON COAL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The river and
harbor bill is before the Senate, the regu-
lar order being called for. The Chair will
state that the joint resolution (H. R. No. 521)
repealing the duty on coal was read the first
time yesterday. The second reading would
naturally be to-day. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Fenton] desires to have it read
the second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pittance. Is there objection ?
Mr. POMEROY. Why can we uot put that
on its passage ?
Mr. CONKLING. We had better put it on
its passage.
Mr. SCOTT. This is the second reading, I
believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is read the second time to-day.
Mr. SCOTT. Let it lie over until to-morrow
for its third reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
Mr. CONKLING. When the third reading
comes, I venturfe to Say that for one I hope we
can put this resolution on its passage without
delay and without reference.
Mr. POMEROY. We can move to proceed
to its consideration now, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Another bill is
pending now.
Mr. POMEROY. But as soon as this bill
is out of the way we can move to proceed to
its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the reference
of the joint resolution objected to? ["It is."]
The joint resolution is read the second time,
and it will lie on the table.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order being insisted upon; the bill (H. R. No.
8036) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain pub-
lic works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes, is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and the pending question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, to reduce the appropriation in line
eleven of the first section for the improve-
ment of Superior City harbor, Wisconsin, from
$60,000 to $40,000; upon which the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I do not care about
opposing what is asked for by the delegation
of Wisconsin. If they think that this appro-
priation is necessary, I am willing to let it
remain in the bill as it was sent to us; but
inasmuch as there has been something said
about Duluth in this connection, I wish sim-
ply to say that it is, except Marquetie, the
largest town on Lake Superior. It is the end
of the Northern Pacific railroad. In addition
to that, the inhabitants of that town have done
more toward making a harbor there, building
a breakwater, &c., than has been done by the
Government at other points. They are an
enterprising people, and it will evidently be a
great advantage to get a harbor there.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 13.
Mr. HOWE. 1 shall be very much obliged
to the Senate if they will give me the yeas and
nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Chandler,
Cole, Corbett. Davis, Edmunds, Flanagan, Fowler,
Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Johnston,
Lewis, Miller, Osborn, Pattorson, Pool, Pratt, lioss,
Sawyer, Spencer. Stockton, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cassorly,
Conk! ing, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howe,
Howell, McCreery, McDonald, Nye, Ramsey. Rob-
ertson, Scott, Sherman, Stearns, Stewart, Warner,
Wilson, and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, lilair,Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Cragin, Kenton, Ferry,
Harlan, Hill, Howard, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Revels, Riee,
Saulsbury, Schura, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Thur-
man, Tipton, Willey, and Williams—28.
So the amendment was agtjsed to.
Mr. HOWE. I beg to state to the Senate
that I shall ask them to repeat the vote when
this bill is reported as amended in Committee
of the Whole ; and I really hope yet that the
Senate will not insist on tins amendment.
The neitt amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in line sixty-eight of section
one, to reduce the appropriation ''for improve-
ment of St. Mary's Falls cartal and St. Mary's
river, Michigan," from $250,000 to $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
6, line one hundred and thirty-three
of section one, to reduce the appropriation
"for improvement of the Des Moines rapids"
from $275,000 to $200,000.
Mr. HOWELL. For my own part, I do not
comprehend any good reason for this amend-
ment of the committee to the House bill. The
Des Moines rapids improvement, as is well
known to the country, is a great work, in which
all the West is interested. Tha whole com-
merce of the Mississippi river and the Missis-
sippi valley is interested in the improvement
of these rapids. They have been under pro-
cess of improvement in one way or another by
appropriations from Congress, to very little
purpose heretofore, because the improvement
was attempted on a false principle. But now
a practicle plan has been adopted, and the
work is going on with rather slow progress, to
be sure ; but still there is an efficient and prac-
tical improvement being made there. The en-
tire appropriation yet required for the improve-
ment of the Des Moines rapid3 will amount to
over one million dollars, and we have here an
appropriation of only $200,000. It strikes me
that where an improvement is under way, as
that work is, the sooner it is done the cheaper
it can be done, and the sooner it is done the
greater and the speedier will be the relief to
the commerce and navigation of the Missis-
sippi valley. It is well known that as you pro-
tract these improvements, as you make appro-
priations year after year, dragging along from
ten to fifteen and twenty years, a great portion
of the money is spent in keeping up the offices
and the force necessary to supervise the im-
provement and in keeping in repair the machin-
ery for carrying it on. If this work is prosecuted
at once, speedily, all this may be saved, and a
great portion of the stealings which time and
opportunity present can be saved to the country
by a prompt and vigorous prosecution of the
work.
Mr. CAMERON. Say " losses."
Mr. HOWELL. My friend prefers that I
should say "losses" rather than "stealings."
The result, however, will be the same to the
country, no doubt. It is admitted that this
improvement must be perfected in the end,
and that it will require over a million dollars
to complete it.
Why not then appropriate $275,000 now?
Why not during the coming summer make_ as
much progress as practicable in the execution
of the work? Three times the amount of the
appropriation might be profitably expended
during the summer, and could be spent there
in such a.way that the navigation would be
improved and perfected so that boats could
pass during low water over those great rapids.
I do insist, and I beseech all the Senators from
the West and from the entire country to stand
by the original bill as reported from the House
of Representatives. I will not consume time
