1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1273
a population of twenty thousand, two super-
visors of election in each ward. The third sec-
tion authorizes the substitution in the place of
a circuit judge a district judge to perform the
duty imposed upon him as an election officer.
The fourth section prescribes the duties of
the supervisors in attending the polls, in chal-
lenging voters and persons seeking to register
on the day of election. The fifth and sixth
sections provide for canvassing and returns
to the supervisor of the judicial district, with
his certificate of the fairness or unfairness
with which the election was conducted. The
seventh section provides for a certificate of
the supervisor of auy interference with the
authority, or the assumed authority, of these
district election supervisors. It confers upon
the district judicial supervisor the power of
institutinga sort of inquisition,asort of secret,
ex parte investigation into the character of
the election held in any city or town. The
eighth and ninth sections provide for the
appointment of deputy marshals of the United
States to exercite power and control over the
rights of electors at the polls. What is the
nature of this power? They are authorized,
sir, in the ninth an3 tenth sections of this act
(o arrest without process any individ«al whom
they may believe to be guilty of a violation of
any of the minute details of this law.
Sir, it has always been regarded as a fund-
amental principle of the Federal Constitntion
that no citizen shall be arrested except upon
due process of law. By the fourth article of
amendment to the Constitution it is provided—
"That no warrants shall issue but upon probable
cause, supported by oath or affirmation. "
And by the fifth article of amendment to the
Constitution it is provided—
"That no citizen shall be deprived of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law."
Taking these sections together they mean
simply this: that before a citizen can be
arrested there shall be a cemplaint on oath,
and upon that complaint a warrant shall issne
for his arrest. And yet this law, coming from
the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary
Committee of this House—a lawyer for whose
ability I have the most profound respect, and
to whose eloquent appeals in behalf of the
Constitution and of the rights of the people
of this nation under that Constitntion I have
listened with admiration—this law, coming
from him, proposes to strike down this guar-
antee of the liberty of the citizen,and that with-
out process of law. This, sir, I regard as the
most startling feature in this most abominable
enactment. A provision which allows a deputy
marshal, appointed by a district marshal, ot
the character of the men referred to by my col-
league from New York, [Mr. Cox, J who were
chosen in New York at the last election; which
allows that marshal not only judicial power to
decide without evidence whether a man has
been guilty of an infraction of this law, but
power also to execute with the strong arm of
the law his judgment without atrial or without
proof, is, io my judgment, striking down the
fourth and fifth articles of amendment to the
Constitution. Andyet this bill comes from the
Judiciary Committee of this House, which has
among its members the ablest constitutional
lawyers upon this floor. I believe, as was truly
said by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eudbtdge] and by my colleague from New
York,{Mr. Cox,] that this is a resort to a des-
perate extremity to retain power involving a
■willingness, with a view to that end, to strike
down the guarantee of the Constitution which
protects the citizen against wrong and outrage.
• What more does this bill provide? In its
fifteenth and sixteenth sections it is provided
that these Federal marshals shall be protected;
that they shall have immunity thrown over
them and be protected from arrest, no matter
how they may reek with crime. If, sir, a man
who is a murderer, who is an escaped convict}
who is indicted for murder, is appointed a
special deputy marshal under this bill, it throws
around him an immunity which put3 at defi-
ance the sheriffs and every other officer of your
State government; and they dare not arrest
him.
Sir, there is not a provision in this bill that
would not have struck any man in this House
ten years ago with indignation and alarm.
No right has ever been more uniformly re-
garded as belonging to the States than that
of the conduct of elections for the first eighty
years of the existence of this Republic. The
election laws, the qualification of voters, the
election returns, and the forms and manner of
holding elections, were always, until within the
last five years, left exclusively to the States.
Federal interference has been the offspring of
reconstruction, the vicious result of the mis-
taken policy of Federal interference in the
domestic affairs of the States, which has well
nigh annihilated State lines a :d prostrated all
State institutions. But it remains for the ninth
and tenth sections of this bill to attempt, by
one bold and sweeping provision, to repeal, as
I,before remarked, by implication if not in
direct words, the fourth and fifth articles of
the amendment of the United States Consti-
tution,
These two provisions, when taken together,
mean that no process to arrest shall be issued
without probable cause, supported by oath,
nor shall any person be deprived of liberty
without process. And yet, by the express terms
of this bill, as provided in the eighth and ninth
sections, the marshals may arrest any person
whom their passion, prejudice, or caprice may
lead them to suspect guilty of a violation of
this law without process ; and I need not say
that an arrest is a deprivation of liberty.
But it is not alone the power to arrest that
is conferred on the marshals by this bill. They
may take the person so arrested before the
magistrate, who in this case may be a judge,
hundreds of miles from the piace of arrest;
and the cupidity of the marshal, his desire to
make a large fee, is a direct temptation for
him to exercise thus oppressively this unheard-
of power.
Bat it is said that if this power is abused
the party injured has his remedy. This I
deny. The fifteenth and sixteenth sections
of this act give the Federal court exclusive
jurisdiction of all actions and proceedings that
may be instituted against any of this board of
officers for any and all abuses of which they
may be guilty. This is to the party injured a
practical denial of justice. If a victim of this
wrong or outrage reside in the city of Albany
he is compelled to seek redress in a court held
in Buffalo, four hundred miles from his wit-
nesses and his home, and by far better suffer
the outrage than to inflict ruin and bankruptcy
upon himself and family by seeking redress in
the courts of law under such circumstances.
But if he bring his action for redress he is
met by the plea that the marshal, in the exer-
cise of this power, acts in a quasi judicial
capacity, and cannot be punished for any error
i! of judgment which he may have committed;
'! and that ie a defense.
|| Clothed by this act with both judicial and
tj ministerial powers, relieved from that consti-
i tutional restraint under which judicial officers
; have always been required to act in restraining
' the liberty of the citizen, these judicial consta-
bles can, without proof, adjudge the citizen
guilty, and without process execute that judi-
cial determination by his arrest; and that bul-
wark of defense of the liberty of the citizen,
of which the distinguished author of this bill,
the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Bingiiaji,] so
often and eloquently speaks, will be powerless
to afford protection. In vain may the victim
cry "I am an American citizen.'' In vain will
he point io the ghost of the slaughtered Consti-
tution and plead the fourth and fifth articles of
amendment. He will bo told by this judicial
constable that the Constitution is repealed by
Mr. Bingham's enforcement act. In vain will
he plead the right of a citizen of a State. He
will be told that States and their citizens have
no rights which the constables appointed by
Congress or its authority are bound to respect.
In vain will he appeal to the State courts for
redress. He will be told that this Federal con-
stable is above all law, all authority, all power
of the State tribunals.
Sir, in the hands of bad men or in times of
great political excitement the dangers to this
Government from this law are alarming beyond
conception. Under it, upon the pretext of
some .pretended or supposed or intended vio-
lation of some of its provisions, every person
of an opposing political party could be arrested
on his way to the polls and detained until after
election, and thus the will of-the people com-
pletely reversed or suppressed. It will not do
to say that there is no fear of this. The his-
tory of our country and of the world proves
that no passion is more dangerous among men
than that of unrestrained political ambition.
Whatever can be done within the forms of law
by politicians to perpetuate their power or to
acquire it will be resorted to with promptness
and alacrity by any party having the oppor-
tunity.
But there is one other feature of this bill
to which I feel constrained briefly to refer. I
have said that the Federal courts have exclu-
sive jurisdiction of all cases of outrage perpe-
trated under the pretense of this act. But
that is not all. Any person who may be ap-
pointed under this law to a position as super-
visor, marshal, or any person whose duty it is
to execute this law or aid in its execution,
has full and complete immunity from all
liability to State or municipal authority.
If, as I before remarked, the vilest mur-
derer that ever went unhung should be ap-
pointed a special deputy marshal under this
act, no matter liow many indictments or bench-
warrants from courts of oyer and terminer in
States were in the hands of sheriffs for his
arrest, the sheriff is by this act prohibited from
making the arrest while this person is acting
nnder this bUI upon paiu of two years' impris-
onmeat and $5,000 fine. Or if while so act-
ing as marshal or supervisor he should com-
mit murder, arson, burglary, or auy other
crime known to the law, - he would still be
subject to this immunity and protection under
this law.
Sir, the whole law is, it appears to me, dan-
gerous and pernicious in all of its features
arid subversive of our free institutions. It
centralizes the power in the Federal Govern-
ment which properly belongs in the States.
It is calculated to bring the State and Federal
Governments into collision. It allows military
interference with the freedom of elections. It
takes away the safeguard of the citizen from
unlawful and illegal arrest and imprisonment.
It creates a horde of Federal officers in the
States not chosen by the people, and, in most
instances, against their wishes. It unneces-
sarily increases the expenses of the Govern-
ment, and, for these and many other reasons,
should not pass.
Mr. CHURCHILL obtained the floor, and
yielded ten minutes to Mr. Woodward.
Mr. WOODWARD then addressed the
House. [His remarks will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. CHURCHILL, I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxabd] for
ten minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. The safety of our public
institutions depends upon the puWty of th«
ballot-box and the honesty and security of the
discharge of the elective franchise. It is a
matter that ought not to escape the notion
of every man of this House and of everybody
in the country that every effort that has been
made by the Republican party of this Hotrseto
accomplish this object has been met, opposed,
and resisted by the gentlemen upon the other
side of the Democratic party. And I leave to
others to institute the inquiry, and to make the
response to it, why it is that the one party
