1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
now. It appears to roe so plain a case of
economy, so plain a ease appealing to the
sense of the public good, the public welfare,
and the preservation of the money that is
appropriated from the Treasury, that this work
should be speedily done that I think all Sen-
ators here must come to the same conclusion.
There is no use trying to save in this way of
doling out small appropriations year after year
to a great work.
Mr. CHANDLER. The estimates of the
engineers amount to something over eighteen
million dollars ;  but the Committee on Com-
merce did not deem it expedient to appropriate
all that the engineers had estimated for. The
Committee on Commerce struck off from the
four great works, all of which are under way,
$225,000; $50,000 from the St. Mary's Falls
canal, $50,000 from the Louisville canal, $75,-
000 from the Des Moines rapids, and $50,000
from Hell Gate. The committee were unan-
imous in making this recommendation. Of
course, if the Senate differ from the committee
they will vote to restore each and every one of
these appropriations. Less than a mouth ago
wo voted $250,000 to the Des Moines rapids.
1 think that was the amount.
Mr. HARLAN. I think so.
Mr. CHANDLER. And the appropriation
last year was $250,000, was it not?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember the
appropriation last year.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee, taking
into consideration the condition of the country,
the great reduction of taxation, and the earn-
est desire to reduce these appropriation bills
to as low a point as possible, thoughtit proper
to recommend this course. The committee
were unanimous in the recommendation. If
the Senate differ from the committee, of course
they will restore all these appropriations, if
they restore any, for they are all works under
contract, or at least under process of construc-
tion, and are nil equally important. If the
Senate decide that we can spare this extra
$225,000, of course they will vote the amend-
ment down. The committee exercised its best
judgment under the circumstances.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that this
is one of those appropriations that might just
as well be made laigeat first as not. I remem-
ber when I went down the Mississippi lir?t,
thirty-two years ago, passing through a wilder-
ness, they had got a small appropriation that
year for the Des Moines rapids, and every year
since that they have been going on getting small
appropriations. If twenty years ago an appro-
priation had been made large enough to over-
come all the difficulties of those rapids, the pop-
ulation of that section of the country, great as
it is, and wondrous as it lias grown, would have
grown three or four times more than it has. I
think the Government, like individuals, when
they have an improvement to make or intend
to make a change in their property which they
are satisfied requires a certain sum of money
to make it complete, had better do it at once,
the sooner the better. An individual had bet-
ter borrow the money from his neighbors and
complete the work at once.
As the Senator Irom Iowa has very justly
said, in this case a large portion of the appro-
priation made every year is lost in taking care
of the property upon which the money had
been expended the year before. I think it
would be much wiser to take charge of great
improvements like the Des Moines rapids and
the Louisville Falls canal, and works of that'
kind, which are known to be national, and
make adequate appropriations for them, rather
than spend money in small appropriations for
imaginary cities or railroads across a country
where nobody has ever lived, i should greatly
prefer to make this appropriation §275,000 at
once than to bo called upon next year to make
another appropriation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to. The total appropria-
tion for the Des Moines rapids as proposed by
the House of Representatives is very small,
and an immense amount of commerce is pay-
ing tribute to the rocks in the river at that
point; and $75,000 more or less cannot amount
to very much in the general footing up. It
seems to me that the Committee on Commerce
had better restore the bill back to the dimen-
sions proposed by the House in regard to the
four great works—-the Des Moines rapids, the
Louisville canal, and the two others named by
the chairman of the committee. The total
amount will be but $225,000. The appropri-
ation is very small as passed by the House,
far below the estimates. The Mississippi river
has been well termed heretofore a great arm
of the sea; and there is really more commerce
on it now than there is between the United
States and all foreign countries combined. I
hope the Senate will not agree to this amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR. It is the misfortune of that
portion of the country in the Mississippi val-
ley, that upon this Committee on Appropri-
ations it happens there is not a single member
from the Mississippi valley. I do not suppose
that the members of that committee are in any
way prejudiced upon the great questions that
concern that section of the country  
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senatorwill pardon
me for interrupting him. I suppose he means
to be correct. There is a member of the com-
mittee from the very border of the Mississippi.
Mr. BLAIR. Who is that?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. BLAIR. I am not speaking of the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill came from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BLAIR. I am speaking of the original
bill. Was this amendment made in the Com-
mittee on Commerce?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 am sorry to hear that. I
had supposed the Committee on Commerce
would have done us in the Mississippi valley
greater justice than to strike down one of the
most important improvements of that whole
region of country. I hope that, having been
done that injustice by the Committee on Com-
merce, the Senate will rectify it. There can
be no question that this improvement is de-
manded by an immense body of people in the
West whose interests commend themselves to
the care of Congress as much as those of any
other citizens. While vast appropriations have
been made heretofore for the sea-coast and
the lakes, very little comparatively has been
done for that region of country in the way of
improvement. 1 trust that I am not confiding
too much in the Senate when I ask them to
reconsider the action of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit the question
to the Senate. If this amount is restored, I
shall then move to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate agreed to the other amend-
ment of the committee in regard to the St.
Mary's Falls canal, and withdraw the two other
amendments that are to follow. It is for the
Senate to decide. The Committee on Com-
merce thought, inasmuch as something more
than a million dollars had been appropriated
to the Des Moines rapids, $250,000 this winter
and $400,000 last summer, making $850,000 in
one year to this one work, that that was pretty
liberal; but it isfor theSenatetodeeide. Ishall
vote in accordance with the recommendations
of the committee. I think myself that this
work has been very liberally dealt wiih, it
having received $850,000 in one year; but if
the Senate think they ought to have $75,000
more, of course they will so vote.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it has not escaped
the attention of Senators that $200,000 was
appropriated for this purpose only about a
month ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. Two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
Mr. COLE. Two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars only a few weeks ago. I do not wish
to oppose any reasonable demand for these
improvements; but the totp.l amount of ap-
propriations last year for this work was only
$400,000. It seems t.o rae this is asking a
pretty large amount for this one work for one
year, within one month.
Mr. HOWELL. Instead of being made in
one year, those appropriations have been made
for two years, and a part of the amount in-
cluded the $850,000 for tlftee years. But,
after all, the question is not how much has
been appropriated or how little has been
appropriated, but how much has been appro-
priated in proportion to the magnitude and
importance of the work that is being con-
structed, and how much can be profitably ap-
propriated for its completion, and how soon
and how rapidly can those appropriations be
made for the completion of the work. That
is the great question. Now, it is estimated that
$400,000 more can be expended profitably this
summer, and the Committee on Commerce
have cut it down to $200,000 ; just half tiie
amount that is required. If this was an insig-
nificant work like the improvement of some
of those little rivers away up in Michigan,
between the lakes, outside of creation, this
kind of argument would be we'll enough; but
when the work is in the center of the great
valley of the Mississippi, when it is for the
great Mississippi river, which carries on its
bosom a commerce exceeding in value all the
foreign commerce of this country, what is the
use of talking about limiting the appropriation
to one half of what maybe profitably expended
during the summer? Why continue these ob-
structions -in the rapids year after year, and
dole out, as I said before, year afteryear these
pitiful appropriations which accomplish noth-
ing valuable or useful to the navigation of the
Mississippi valley? Complete the work at
once, and then it will be profitable; then it
will confer blessings and benefits upon the
country; and the country will rejoice in the
development of its resources, in the develop-
ment of its commercial interests and of its
agricultural interests, and all the interests
that pertain to that great valley. Do not con-
tinue this policy of keeping back this im-
provement year after year, so that no valuable
result is accomplished by your appropriations
for the present, and the benefits must await
posterity rather than be enjoyed in our own
time.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Iowa
seems to doubt ray statement as to these ap-
propriations having been made in one year.
I hold the first appropriation act in my hand,
which passed July 11, 1870, appropriating
$400,000. In January last wo appropriated
$250,000; aud now we propose to appropriate
$200,000, making $850,000 in a little less
than eight months. I merely wanted to be
correct in my statement. Of course it, is for
the Senate to decide. The committee did not
consider that $850,000 for one work in eight
months was a small appropriation. They sup-
posed it was liberal; but still it may not be
so considered by the Senate.
Mr. IIARLAN. It is true the bill appropri-
ating $400,000 passed July 11, 1870, but it
covered a large amount of work executed pre-
ceding that date. The second appropriation,
made last January, was applied during the
winter, and h-.s already been exhausted, and
this proposed appropriation is for the next
fiscal year, which will not begin to run until
after the 80th of June next: so that ray col-
league is practically correct. The appiopria-
tions are tor a period of at least two years, two
of the appropriations having been made, it is
true, during the current fiscal year, but to cover
expenditures incurred preceding the date of
the appropriation, and the last appropriation
1 has already been exhausted. Instead of cutting
