448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
REP RIVER NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2694) to incorporate
the Shreveport and Upffer lied River Nav-
igation Company; which-was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce,
AUSTRALIAN STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco, on the subject
of subsidizing an Australian steamship line;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PORT CHESTER, NEW YORK.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2095) for the improve-
ments the harbor of Port Chester, New York;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
BAST CHESTER INLET, NEW YORE.
Mr. POTTER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (EL R. No. 2696) for the im-
provement of the navigation of the East Chester
creek or inlet, in the State of New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
"to the Committee on Commerce.
ROLAND WHITE.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2697) for the relief of Roland White; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Patents.
COLLECTION OF JUDGMENTS.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (U. 11. No. 2698) to facilitate
the collection of judgments in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
EDWARD L. YOUN'G.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (li. R. No. 2435) granting a pen-
sion to Edward L. Young, and that the same
be referred to the Committee ou Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
FIRST NEW YORK MOUNTED RIFLES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2099) for the relief of the first New York
mounted rifles ; which was read a first and
6ecoml time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
D. J. POWERS.
Mr. ATWOOD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced  - bill (H. R. No. 2700) for the relief
of D. J. Powers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Patents..
PREiSDMEJi's HOMESTEAD COMPANY.
Mr. ARNELL. task unanimous consent
to have printed a bill (H. R. No. 2648) to
incorporate the Freed men's Homestead Com-
pany, which was introduced by me on Monday
last, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
FRONTIER COMMERCE.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Commerce a
bill (H. li. No. 2701) to provide forthebetter
protect ion of the northern and northwestern
frontier, and to facilitate commerce aud dimin-
ish the expense of exchanges between the
States ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
WILLIAM W. SPEAltS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2702) for the relief of
William W. Spears, late assistant surgeon of
the Army; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee ou Military
Affairs.
THOMAS A. GREEN.
Mr. BOOKER, by unanimousconsentintro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2703) to remove ail
civil and political disabilities from Thomas A.
Green, of Brunswick county, Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move a reconsideration
of the references of all "bills, &c., introduced
to-day; and I also move that tho motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DOMINICA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith, in reply to the resolution of
tho House ot Representatives ot the 5th Instant,
copies of the reports of Captain George B. HeClellan
upon the Dominican republic, mad em the year 1854.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, January 11,1871.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly,
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ATWOOD: The petition of D. J.
Powers, for relief.
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of Mary
Green and others, from the Stale of North
Carolina, for the "inestimable privileges of
common schools."
Also, a petition of 60 citizens of North Car-
olina, for additional common-school advan-
tages.
By Mr. BARRY : The petition of James P.
Mullins, for arrears of pay and bounty dis-
allowed him by reason of orders of Adjutant
General.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth E. Riley,
mother of Thomas G. Riley, deceased, private
company C, second regiment Kentucky cav-
alry, for removal of charge of desertion.
Also, the petition of David Watson, for
increase of invalid pension.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Archibald
B. Rue, of Mercer county, Kentucky, praying
allowance of pay as lieutenant in the Army of
the United States during his term of service
as such, instead of the pay of sergeant.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Patrick O'Neil, for arrears of pen-
sion.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of John
W. Hay and 87 others, settlers upon the Chero-
kee neutral lands in Kansas, praying that the
Congress will protect them against the rob-
beries of land monopolists, and grant them
homestead and preemption rights.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: A petition of 340
honorably discharged officers and soldiers who
served in the Army during the late rebellion,
asking that a law be passed, or the present
homestead law so amended, that they may be
entitled to secure' one hundred and sixty acres
of Government land by first going out and
locating the same, and then being allowed five
years to prepare themselves with the necessary
means for improving and making said lands
their homes, without being compelled to reside
upon it till just before the expiration of the
term of years.
Also, the petition of N. Pierce, and 32
others, assistant marshals of the filth con-
gressional district of Illinois, asking for fiity
per cent, additional compensation.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Messrs.
Dempsey & O'Toole, in regard to their contract
with the Post Office Department for stamped
envelopes and wrappers, asking for relief.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of Elsey
Dush and 30others, soldiers of the wnrof 1332,
praying for pensions similar to those granted
to soldiers of the Revolution.
Also, the memorial of Jesse Gortner, as to
invalid pensions.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of 190 work-
ingwomen of Philadelphia, protesting against
wpman suffrage.
By Mr. STEVENSON': A petition of 600
citizens, business men, and firms of Cincin-
nati, protesting against the construction of the
Newport and Cincinnati bridge over the Ohio
river upon tho present plan, and praying its
modification to conform to the recommenda-
tion of the board of engineers.
By Mr. STILES: A petition of editors,
printers, and stationers of Catasauqua, Penn-
sylvania, protesting against the Government,
through the Post Office Department, manu-
facturing and selling envelopes at-or below
their cost in the city of New York, and deliver-
ing the same to all parts of the country free of
charge, at a loss to the Department of the cost
of transportation, handling, &c., estimated at
$1 Gl>1 per one thousand envelopes, on the
basis referred to in the Postmaster General's
report for 1869, (p. 34,) and to the printing of
business cards on the same gratuitously for
merchants and others, requiring a large cler-
ical force to receive copy and transmit orders
for the same, at a total estimated loss to the
Department for the year 1869 of $134,489 79.
By Mr. WINANS: The memorial of Hon.
John Little, touching supposed defects in, and
abuses of, the extradition laws for crime.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 12, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. William Hamilton, D. D.,
of Washington, D. C.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 455) to procure and
disseminate information of the extent of cereal
and other crops of other countries was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF INDEPENDENCE.
The bill (H. R. No. 1478) to provide for
celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence by holding ati inter-
national exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 187C, was read twice by its title.
Mr. SCOTT. That hill asks the coopera-
tion of foreign Governments in aid of the expo-
sition provided for; and as there is really no
appropriate committee other than that to which
it should be referred I suggest that it be re-
ferred to the Committee ou Foreign Relations.
I submit that motion.
Mr. FENTON. I have requested my friend
to consent that the bill might be referred to the
Committee on Manufactures. As it relates to
an industrial exhibition, and involves a sub-
ject to which that committee may properly turn
their attention, if they have not already done
so, and as I believe it came from the corre-
sponding committee of the House of Represent-
atives, I have suggested to my friend whether
it would not be well to have it take that direc-
tion. I had hoped that he would consent to its
