1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Now, sir, if the laws of the States were ade-
quate to protect the citizens of the United
States in the exercise of the elective franchise,
then it might not be necessary for us to enact
any law upon the subject here. But we know
that the State laws have not protected the citi-
zens of the southern States against violence,
and have not protected the citizens against
fraud and force and wrong in more than one
of the cities of the northern States. And if
the States have failed to enact laws necessary
to secure what we all, I trust,,have so much
at heart, to wit, the purity of the ballot-box,
or have failed to execute those already enacted,
then it is the highest duty of this Congress to
intervene and protect the citizens of the United
States in the enjoyment of the elective franchise
against force and fraud in the election of Rep-
resentatives in Congress, leaving the States to
provide such legislation as they may deem
necessary in the election of local and State
officers.
I will say a single word as to the first section
of this bill. It is, I believe, copied word for
word from a bill which I had the honor to
introduce into this House on the 12th of De-
cember, 1869, being House bill No. 401. This
section simply provides that certain offenses
against the exercise of the elective franchise
shall be punished ; and I suppose that no
gentleman here will maintain for one moment
I hat this section contains any provision which
is not necessary either in national or-State
laws.
Mr. ROGERS asked a question which the
reporter could not hear.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It will reach any officer
who improperly tampers with the election of
a Representative in Congress; but it does not
reach any State officer or any citiz,en in con-
nection with any local or State election.
And now a few words as to the constitutional
power to enact this bill. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] contends that
we have no power under the Constitution to pass
this bill. Sir, I will call the attention of the
House to provisions of the Constitution which
in my judgment clearly authorize the enact-
ment of this bill. Section four of article one
of the Constitution provides:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any timo by law make or
alter such regulations, exeept as to the places of
choosing Senators."
Then, again, it is provided that Congress
shall have power—
"To make all laws which sh^ll be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or '
in any department or officer thereof."
Then the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution provides—
"That no State shall make or enforce any law that
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of the
citizens of the United States."
And it also provides that—
" Congress shall have power to enforce by proper
legislation the provisions of this article."
Under the provisions I have read Congress
could provide officers to conduct the elections
of Representatives in Congress. Under these
provisions Congress may define and punish
crimes against the exercise of the elective
franchise in the election of Representatives in
Congress.
Why, sir, let me call the attention of the
House to certain clauses of the Constitution,
under which Congress has provided for the
punishment of crime, clauses less compre-
hensive in their terms than those I have read.
In section eight, article one, it is provided
that—
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States."
Under this Congress has proscribed many
crimes against the revenue laws, and no law-
yer at this day, doubts the power of Congress
thus to define and punish crime.
Again, Congress has the power "to borrow
money on the credit of the United States."
Under that power Congress has made-it a
p.enal offense to counterfeit the securities of
the United States; and no lawyer at this day
doubts the power to do that. Then, again,
Congress has the power "to coin money and
regulate the value thereof." Under that clause
Congress has made it a penal offense to coun-
terfeit coin; and no lawyer at this day pre-
tends to doubt that this is a legitimate exer-
cise of power. Congress has the power "to
establish post offices and post roads;" and
under that merger power-Congress has defined
many offenses against the postal service—the
larceny of letters, the robbery of the mails,
and other offenses; and no lawyer at this day
dou'bts the power of Congress under that clause
to enact such legislation.
Then, sir, the power to make regulations as
to the "times, places, and manner" of hold-
ing elections for Representatives in Congress
carries with it the right to define penal offenses
against the exercise of the elective franchise.
There can be no doubt of the power of Con-
gress on this subject, The idea that Congress
cannot protect the national Government in the
election of the very officers who are to make
its laws is.supremely ridiculous and absurd.
No Government ever yet lived that had not
necessarily and inherently, from the character
of its organization, the power of self-preserva-
tion, the power to protect itself from over-
throw. This power'to preserve the purity of
the ballot is simply the exercise of that inher-
ent power, which this, like every other Govern-
ment, has—a power higher, if possible, than
the Constitution—the power of preserving its
own existence when that existence is threat-
ened by force or fraud; and the highest crime
that can be known in a republican Government
is that which seeks to rob the people of their
right of suffrage by frauds upon the ballot.
Sir, it is said that this bill authorizes the
aid of the military power of the Government
to be called in; and to this objection is made.
I do not say this bill adopts the best mode of
calling in the military aid. But, sir, this is
no new feature in the legislation of Congress.
When it was deemed necessary to capture
fugitive slaves there was no warning voice
raised from the other side of this Chamber
against the exercise of military power for that
purpose; and the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States declared that.that legislation was
authorized by the Constitution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman from
Ohio himself believe in the constitutionality of
the fugitive slave law? Does he believe that
the decision of the Supreme Court in that case
was right? Is he now advocating this bill
upon the principles embodied in the fugitive
slave law?
Mr, LAWRENCE. No, sir. The fugitive
slave law is dead; slavery is dead ; the party
that sustained and enacted the fugitive slave
law is dead, and for it there is no resurrection.
Nothing remains but for us to call in the aid
of the "American citizens of African descent"
to dig its grave and lower its coffin and shovel
in the dirt and bury it out of sight forever.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. You did not succeed
very well in doing that at the last election.
Mr. LAWRENCE. We have succeeded
very well ever since the power of the pro-
slavery party culminated in the repeal of the
Missouri compromise.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How was it in your dis-
trict? Did the "American citizens of African
descent" save you there?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I was not a candidate
at the last election. I never have been defeated
at an election when I was a candidate for Con-
gress. My predecessor in this House was a
Democrat, and my successor will be one ; but.
I never have been defeated when I have been
a candidate.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I beg to remind
the gentleman that the enactors of the fugi-
tive slave law were the framers of the Con-
stitution, and their contemporaries.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman from
Kentucky says that the enactors of the fugi-
tive slave law were the framers of the Con-
stitution. Sir, the first fugitive slave law was
a very different enactment from the one to
which I refer—the fugitive slave law of 1850.
But, sir, I do not care now to discuss issues
or measures which are dead. I prefer rather
to discuss the living issue presented by the
bill now before the House; and that, as I
remarked at the outset, is whether we shall
protect by national law the citizens of the
United States in the enjoyment of that highest
privilege of American citizenship—the right to
choose their own Representatives in Congress
without hinderance by fraud or force.
I was about remarking that gentlemen ob-
jected to the exercise of the military power
in aid of the purity of the ballot. Why should
not any power requisite to preserve the purity
of the ballot be called in ? Sir, there is less
danger from the exercise of power by national
officers than there is from intimidation, force,
and fraud without the guardian care of na-
tional officers. Between these we must choose.
I prefer to risk rights and liberty regulated and
protected by law, rather tharn to encounter
the hazard of rights impaired or overthrown
for want of protection and law.
I know, sir, all power is liable to abuse, and
if you give no protection by national law to
the ballot, then we may have, and doubtless
will have, in the cities of the Union enormous
frauds; for they have been and can and will
be again perpetrated on the ballot. Your
"repeaters," your "ballot-box stuffers," your
" Kuklux Klaus," intimidation of loyal citi-
zens—these and numberless other agencies
of wrong and fraud on the ballot, overturning
the power and wiil of the people, will continue
to run riot in the land unless prevented by
some such legislation as this. "I know of
no mode of judging of the future but by the
past." Let us learn wisdom from its lessons.
We have seen the electors of States defrauded
out of the honest expression of their choice
of candidates at the ballot-box, and in others
we have seen similar results from terrorism,
intimidation, and violence. I know, sir, there
is danger in the exercise of power every where,
but this very bill and the act which it proposes
to amend seek to protect the citizens of the
United States against intimidation or inter-
ference by the officers who may be called to
exercise the powers with which they shall be
clothed under this bill, or from any other
source.
And why should not this bill pass ? What
objection is there to it? Do gentlemen pro-
pose'any substitute or any remedy, any better
measures? Do they pretend to deny that any
legislation is r.eecssary? Have they dared to
venture to say that sufficient laws exist and
are properly executed in every State? All
over the country, Mr. Speaker, the people
have painful evidence that State legislation is
not adequate to accomplish the purpose sought
by this bill, and we are only driven at last, as
a matter of stern necessity, to provide by law
those guarantees for the exercise of the elect-
ive franchise which alone can give it security
and peace throughout the length and breadth
of the land.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I have not read
all the provisions of this bill, and as the gen-
tleman seems to have done so I desire to ask
him whether they apply to other elections than
those for members of Congress ?
Mr. LA^YliENCE. They apply only to the
elections lor Representatives and Delegates to
Congress. The bill does not propose to inter-
fere with State elections at all.
