1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1277
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Suppose at the
game time elections are held for State officers
as well bs for members of Congress, how is
the proper distinction to be made?
Mr. LAWRENCE. There can be no dis-
tinction if they are all voted for on the same
ballot. If the States do not choose to have
their elections on the same day they can hold
them on another day, or at a separate elec-
tioii.
The necessity for this legislation by Con-
gress did not escape the framers of the Con-
stitution. They saw it and provided the power
to enact it. They saw that a State might
refuse to provide districts, or officers, or elec-
tion laws, as a mode of overthrowing the
national Government. States might refase
to make provision for the election of Repre-
sentatives in Congress. The power was there-
fore wisely reserved to Congress to perpetu-
ate itself by all the means which are neces-
sary. Even in disorganized States Congress
may exercise the power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, KERB took the floor.
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. I desire to ask a
question of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence. ]
Mr. KERR. The gentleman may ask me
the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well. Suppose
the State law authorized a method of register-
ing voters for the election of State officers, and
the election of the State officers occurred at
the same time as that of members of Congress,
and suppose that the act of Congress in refer-
ence to registration before the election of
members of Congress conflicts with the State
law, which provides a system of registration for
the same election, what is to be done then ?
Mr. KERR. 1 hope now to be allowed to
go on without further interruption. My answer
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Faenswouth] is that the law of Congress
in the case which he puts would be wrong in
principle and policy, and would be unconsti-
tutional and void, and ought to be disregarded
and set aside by the courts of the country.
That is my answer, except as it will be more
fully made in the course of my remarks.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill for
two reasons: first, because, if the power to
enact it exist under the Constitution, it is not
expedient that it should be enacted. It is de-
manded by no existing conditions in our coun-
try. It is demanded by no neglect of the States
to legislate on the subject of elections, and by
no resistance to the laws for the regulation and
government of elections throughout our coun-
try. The assumption on the part of gentlemen
in this House that it is necessary to enact such
laws as this at all by reason of any omission of
duty on the part of the States isalike uncalled
for, unjust, and offensive. I say, therefore, to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
that when he says, pointing to us on this side
of the House, that we admit there is a neces-
sity for this kind of legislation, he asserts what
I do not admit and what no man on this side
of the House admits, so far as I know. On
the contrary, I say to him that the Democratic
party have faith in the people andin the States;
in their intelligence, virtue, and patriotism, and
in the capacity of their local Legislatures, fitly
and adequately to regulate and protect all these
important interests. We repel the offensive
theory of the majority that all sound political
reason and competence are to be found in
Congress or Congressmen. On the contrary,
we hold and believe that in all matters of
local and domestic concerns and regulation
the jurisdiction of the States ought never to
be invaded by Congress, but should be most
vigilantly protected as a sacred trust, and that
in all such matters the people and the States
are tenfold more competent to enact wise and
judicious laws, ami have very much greater
inducement, and would be much more likely
to execute them in good faith, to maintain the
rights and liberties of the people, and to pre-
serve the purity of elections than this body.
State constitutions and institutions and popu-
lar liberty are infinitely better observed and
protected by the State Legislatures than are
the like interests under the Federal Govern-
ment by Congress.
I therefore do not agree with the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynap.d,] when, by
a fling cast at this side of the House, he sug-
gests that we are always resisting efforts to
maintain the purity of the ballot-box. I say
to him that we resist no efforts of that kind
that are proper and legal, and that the record
of the Democratic party contradicts all such
assertions. The glory of that great party, as
the friend and protector of law, order, and the
Constitution, cannot be diminished by him,
for it is known of all men, and is a part of our
national history. And I want him-to remem-
ber, what he well knows, and what I know and
this country knows, that wherever Republican
policy has prevailed, wherever the Radical
reconstruction ideas of government have dom-
inated, as in his own State, (Tennessee,) and
in Arkansas and Louisiana and other States
of the South, where his party have enacted
laws for the government of elections, they have
not only been inferior in wisdom, intrinsic ex-
cellence, and honest regard for the welfare
of .the people, to those enacted by the Demo-
cratic party wherever it held- sway, but they
have been in their details and in their policy
simply infamous and outrageous violations of
common honestyand common decency. They
are often shamelessly partisan, defiantly neg-
lectful of the rights and liberties of the people,
made to elect Republicans and to defeat the
election of Democrats, and cruelly proscriptive
against all conservative men.
Mr. MAYNARD. Sir. Speaker, what I
said 
Mr. KERR. I do not yield: I have no time.
Hence it is that there are sitting on this floor
to-day so many members whom the people
never eleeted and never would elect, and in
whom their outraged constituents have no
confidence. They came here as the fruit of
despotic Republican election laws, executed
by lawless men. This fling at the Democratic
party comes, therefore, with bad taste from
any southern Radical, and would not be just
or true if uttered by any man on this floor.
But, Mr. Speaker, I say this bill is neither
demanded by the people nor required by any
existing conditions in our country. What does
the Constitution say ? It says—
"That the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives shall be
prescribed in eaoh State by the Legislature thereof."
Where, then, has the Constitution left this
great power? It is left with the Legislatures
of the States themselves, the safest guardians
of popular liberty. And it is only in certain
extreme enstergencies that Congress, under the
Constitution, has any power to question the
discharge of their duty. It is indicated in the
very words of the Constitution, which follow
what I have just read:
"But the Congress may at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations."
Why is this? Why are these two powers
put in such juxtaposition ? It is simply be-
cause it was the intention of the fathers that
this body should never exercise any of these
powers except in the emergency when some
of the States of the ITnion should have failed or
refused to perform their duties in reference to
the elections of members of this body, so as
to defeat their representation here.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I say what every intelli-
gent man knows, that no such emergency has
ever arisen. You may take all the States of
this Union, and I include tlie Commonwealth
of New York, and I exclude the reconstructed
Commonwealths of the South under Radical
control, and you cannot anywhere find a code
of laws that does not better protect the sacred-
ness of the ballot-box, that does not prescribe
better and fairer laws for the eonduct of elec-
tions and the determining of the will and the
choice of the people, than any that ever were,
or, in my judgment, ever will be enacted by
the Congress of the United States. All wis-
dom, virtue, and legislative ability, thank God,
do not abide here; and it ought not to be
assumed that they do. It is this pretentious
and self-righteous assumption out of which is
growing to-day nearly all of the dangers that
surround the liberties of the people of this
country. It is upon this kind of assumption
that are based nearly all the conduct, policy,
and laws enacted by the majority of this
House.
Bat what power is given to Congress, even in
those extreme cases to which I have referred?
I hope gentlemen will give me their atten-
tion in reference to this point. It is to make
or amend laws to regulate the times, places,
and manner of holding elections. Does this
bill, with its nineteen cumbrous, complicated,
offensive, and impertinent sections, have one
word of regulation of the times of holding
elections? Not one. Has it one syllable
about the places of holding elections? Not
one. Has it anything intended to regulate the
manner of holding elections? Not a word.
On this point I hope gentlemen will honor
me with their thoughtful attention, for it
touches the pith and marrow of this whole
matter. What is meant by the Constitution
when it confers the power to regulate the
manner of holding elections? What is the
vital import of that language? Does it confer
upon this body the power to. require every
elector in a State to vote by ballot, to vote
upon the written or printed ticket? Would not
such a regulation relate to the manner of vot-
ing, not to the manner of holding an election?
And if Congress may impose that condition,
may it not require that every citizen of this
country shall vote upon a silk ballot, that he
shall have his ticket printed upon gold-gilt
paper, or impose any other condition that the
wisdom, or folly, or fanaticism, or despotism
of Congress may dictate? Does it relate to
the manner of holding elections to declare
that every elector before he shall vote must
be registered? Why, no. That relates to the
determination of the question who are entitled
to vote, which belongs to the States, and not
to Congress. That is quite another question.
It has no reference to the manner of holding
the election. I say, therefore, that every pro-
vision of this bill that relates to these matters
about the manner of voting and the manner
of determining who mayor who may not vote,
are unconstitutional and void, are impertinent,
indecent, and wrong, and that they ought to
be rejected by this House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What does the
clause mean by the manner of holding elec-
tions?
Mr. KERB. It means, Mr. Speaker, merely
this: that if a State fails by its laws to provide
for holding elections for Representatives to
this body at all, or makes such laws as plainly
evince a willingness to defeat representation
here, then Congress may declare that elections
shall be held at certain times and at certain
places and in a certain manner; for example,
that ballot-boxes shall be opened at each vot-
ing precinct in the city of New York, and that
an election board shall be organized there
under Federal laws, and in the persons of one
inspector and two judges and one clerk, who
may be appointed under Federal authority,
and that these men, that tribunal so consti-
tuted, may go on and receive the votes of the
electors of the city of New York, who, under
the constitution and laws of New York, are
entitled to vote, and nobody else. That is
the limit, of it, and I say, therefore, that this
House may exercise and exhaust its constitu-
tional power in the premises without touching
