1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the qualifications of electors to vote anywhere.
You have nothing to do with the rights of
the people to vote, and bo the Constitution
expressly declares, and so it has always been
held by the fathers of the Republic. This
was never questioned until the unhappy days
of Republican ascendency in this country,
■within the last six years. I believe that the
first suggestion that this power existed here
that was ever made in the history of this Gov-
ernment came from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelt.by,] about six years ago,
about the time I first entered this body. But
the Constitution says, and this is the beginning
and end of this question, that " the electors
in each State shall have the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature." Who shall
determine who possesses those qualifications?
Can Congress do it?
Mr. Speaker, will it be said to us to-day that
the liberties of the people of this country, the
integrity of the States of this Union, the sacred-
nessof their powers can be maintained at all if
they surrender the right to determine who may
vote to this body or to the Federal Govern-
ment? It would be as dangerous for them to
suffer Congress, by any law of this kind, to affix
conditions to the exercise of the right of suf-
frage as it would be dangerous and fatal to suffer
this body to affix qualifications not prescribed
by the laws of the States. Neither is to be
tolerated for a moment. If Congress may im-
pose one condition, however unimportant and
immaterial it may be, as a prerequisite for the
enjoyment of the right to vote, whether it be
a qualification of the elector or a mere con-
dition-precedent to his right to deposit the
ballot, there is no tribunal this side of a popular
revolution that can limit their power.
It was never the purpose of our fathers to
leave this an opeu question. They intended that
the power of the States to prescribe all quali-
fications for electors, and all conditions, pre-
liminary requirements, or registrations upon
■which tbe people might vote, should be clear,
complete, and exclusive. Alexander Hamilton,
one of the earliest and greatest expounders of
our Federal Constitution, who may be ranked
as equal with our great statesman of the earlier
school, in No. 52 of the Federalist, uses this
language:
" To have reduced the different qualifications in
the different States to one uniform rule would prob-
ably have been as dissatisfactory to some of the
States as it would have been difficult to the Conven-
tion. The provision made by the Convention ap-
pears, tbcretore. to be the best that lay within their
option. It must be satisfactory to every State,
because it is conformable to the standard already
established orwhieh may be established by theState
itself. It will be sn fe to the United States, bocause,'
being fixed by the State constitutions, it is not alter-
able by the State governments; and it cannot be
feared that the people oi the States will alter this
part of their constitutions in such manner as to
abridge the rights secured to them by the Federal
Constitution."
And in this connection I beg leave to invite
the attention of the House to a fact, perhaps
forgotten by some, that this number of the
Federalist may be quoted with equal propriety
as expressing the deliberate opinion and judg-
ment of Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Madison; be-
cause in every listof the numbers ofthat world
ever furnished by Mr. Madison himself he
claimed that he, and not Mr. Hamilton, was
the author of No. 52; and Mr. Hamilton, in
some of his lists, claimed that he was its author,
and not Mr. Madison. But the claim that is
made by both of those distinguished statesmen
for the paternity of this number of the Feder-
alist is enough to establish the fact that each
of them approved, indorsed, and adopted as
his own the opinions expressed in it. I there-
fore quote it now as expressing the equally
deliberate jutSgment of Mr. Madison himself
upon this subject.
I could multiply these testimonies of the
authors of our frame of government to such
extent as to weary the attention of the House.
It is enough for me now to state that upon the
theory of this measure Congress may "prescribe
any conditions that its own arbitrary will and
discretion may dictate. And then the powers
and liberties of the States of this country will
soon fall into hopeless decay or be forever
overthrown.
Is it regulating the manner of holding
elections to provide, as this infamous bill
does, that these Federal officers, who are to
swarm all over the land in numbers that will
have no limit except, in the discretion of the
courts and the officers by which they are ap-
pointed, shall challenge the right of every cit-
izen under State laws to. register preliminary
to voting? Yet this bill prescribes that it
shall be the duty of these offices to challenge
every person who thus offers to be registered.
This is only a most unjust attempt to prescribe
a mode of determining who may vote; a func-
tion which I claim is sacred to the States.
Is it a regulation of the manner of holding
elections to require these officers of the Fed-
eral Government to challenge every voter who
offers to deposit his ballot? Why, sir, surely
no man would give to this language such lati-
tudinarian and reckless construction as that.
In reference to this interference with the
power of the States to control their elections,
it is said by Justice Story in his Commentaries
on the Constitution, by way of interrogatory—
"What would be said of a clause introduced into
the national Constitution to regulate State elections
of members of the State Legislature ? It would he
deemed a most unwarrantable assumption of power,
indicating a premeditated design todestroy theState
government. It would be deemed so flagrant a vio-
lation of principle as to require no comment."
Mr. Hamilton is an authority that gentlemen
on the other side of this House ought to respect;
for in his day and generation he was esteemed
a latitudinarian constructionist of the Consti-
tution. He pressed every Federal power to
the verge, to its uttermost limit. But now gen-
tlemen on the other side are utterly unwilling
to be controlled by his definition of Federal
powers. He says, in No. 59 of the Federalist:
"Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to regu-
late the elections for Representatives in States.
Would any man have hesitated to condemn it both
as an unwarrantable transposition of power and as a
premeditated engine for the destruction of the State
government?"
What are we to do, then, when these attempts
are made to override these fundamental and
reserved powers in the States of this Union?
My judgment is that the supreme and first duty
is to be performed here; and that gentlemen
upon this floor, who sit here under the solemn
obligation of their oaths and their duty to the
Constitution and to the country, and to the
principles of liberty and free institutions, should
resist the enactment of all laws of this kind ;
and here, in the Legislature of all the people,
protect the States against these constant and
constantly recurring invasions of their rights
and powers. If we do not soon Gome to the
rescue, my opinion is that the autonomy of
the States, tbe very idea of self-government
throughout this country, will soon have been
lost, and, it may be, lost forever.
If the Federal Government should be al-
lowed to proceed, and without let or hinderance
enact all these laws, one after another, make
one invasion after another, commit one aggres-
sion after another, where is the limit to be
found? The powers that are asserted by this
bill, and by the majority of this House, when
they are thoroughly and legally analyzed, sim-
ply amount to the assertion of the right for
Congress to define its own power. It amounts
to an assertion by the Republican party here,
that to them is committed the dangerous and
fatal right to define their own rights and priv-
ileges, powers, and prerogatives, because the
language of the Constitution utterly fails to
give them any specific grant of any of these
powers. And if power is to be derived from
real or supposed necessities in the condition
of the country, or out of the exigencies of
party, or from any source except the language
of the Constitution itself, fairly and reason-
ably construed, then it follows that the exist-
ence of any desired power must rest in the
discretion and will of Congress—I had almost
said in the fitful and varying imaginations of
this body. Such powers must at least abide in
uncertainty ; they are in nubibus, as the law-
yers sometimes say, in the clouds, until from
the profound depths of the consciousness of
the Republican law-makers they are evolved
and given form and expression. But such
theories are fatal to all just ideas of limited
government of delegated powers.
This bill, in its details and particular provis-
ions, is as obnoxious as it is in its general prin-
ciples. If, therefore, I turn to section five and
invite your attention to that section, which is
very long, and which I cannot take time to
read, you will find that it confers upon these
subordinate Federal officers such powers as will
enable them practically to determine, not alone
how the elections shall be conducted, but who
shall vote, who possess under State laws the
qualifications of electors and who do not pos-
sess them. In other words, it is an attempt
to confer on these Federal officers the power
if not the right to determine the qualifica-
tions of electors by a vicious system of par-
tisan tricks, manipulation, intimidation, and
fraud at the polls. It is an attempt to inter-
polate into the laws of the States provisions,
conditions, and restrictions which the laws
of the States themselves do not contain, and
which, therefore, are utterly intolerable and
unconstitutional. The States never can with
safety surrender the right by their own office^
to determine who of their own citizens are enti-
tled to vote. If the States prescribe one mode
for ascertaining who may and who may not
vote, they cannot submit to have it superseded
by any Federal regulation on the same subject.
If the States say their legal electors may vote
without previous registration Congress has no
right to say they shall not.
If Congress may thus set aside the laws and
constitutions of the States for the regulation of
elections and the determination of the rights
of their own people to vote and the manner
in which they shall vote, what may they not
do? If Congress may place State elections,
or congressional elections in the States, under
the control of Federal officers, with such powers
as I have mentioned, and place the At my at
the command of the most petty and worthless
fellow, who may for the day strut and chafe
in the high capacity of a Federal supervisor of
elections or a special deputy of the United
States marshal, it is difficult to answer what
it may not do.
Under this bill a vast force may be organ-
ized on the appointment of the supervisor of
elections, and of the United States court®, and
of the marshal, to beset the polls, infest the
highways leading to them, to get up a reign of
terror by the pretentious display of power, to
intimidate and control electors by the cunning
devices and base suggestions of unscrupulous
demagogues, and thus to promote the partisan
interests of their masters here and elsewhere.
This army of supple tools, both civil and mil-
itary, to whose numbers there is no limit fixed
in this bill, are to be liberally paid, most of
them five dollars per day, at the expense of
the people. Partisan officers and courts may
use their powers of appointmentunder this bill
for the basest purposes, may use it by turns
to overawe or bribe electors, to maintain or
break the peace, to beget strife for a pretext
to justify other wrongs. Under such a system
it is inevitable, sooner or later, that boundless
fraud and corruption will abound, that the judi-
ciary and the Army, thus diverted from their
appropriate spheres, will become demoralized,
and sacrifice the respect and confidence of
the people. It is uupardonable wickedness
to identify the highest courts in the land with
