1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Baltimore around to the western border of
Texas. I therefore hope that this small
amendment -will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Alabama.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. WARNER. I ask for a division. Be-
fore the vote is taken I wish to call attention
to the neglect ever since the war to properly
provide for the rivers and harbors of the south-
ern States south of the line of Baltimore. I
hold in my hand a list of appropriations made
for rivers and harbors since 1865. The aggre-
gate amount is $13,838,000. Of the whole of
that amount there has been appropriated to
the entire line of coast from Baltimore south
to the western border of Texas, and including
all the southern rivers, a little over a million
dollars—$1,252,000—while $12,500,000 have
been given to other parts of the country. I
submit that that is not a fair division. I repeat
again, this bill appropriates $4,000,000, and
of that only $500,000 is for the country south
of Baltimore to the western borders of Texas
• and all the rivers south of the Ohio.
Mr. STEWART. Has the Senator got a
list of the taxes paid in those States during
that time? I think that will bear a fair, pro-
portion to these appropriations.
Mr. CORBET!'. One reason for this dis-
proportion in appropriations is that there were
no surveys of southern ports and southern
rivers to enable us to make appropriations.
Then there were two years that we could not
afford to make the appropriations that were
asked for, and we placed at the discretion
of the Secretary of War about two or three
million dollars each year to be used in his
discretion, and during those years there were
no surveys made, and during the war of course
there were no surveys of southern rivers. Now,
we have provided for the survey of those rivers.
We commenced the surveys last year, and we
are now commencing to make appropriations
for improvements in the southern country, and
hereafter they will receive their proportion of
the appropriations in accordance with those
surveys and the recommendations of the
Department.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Alabama that, by a
rule of the Senate, but two speeches by one
Senator are allowed on any one subject.
Mr. WARNER. I only wish to make one
remark. There has been a survey of this har-
bor, and this amendment is according to the
survey and the report of the engineer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division has
been demanded on the amendment of the
Senator from Alabama, to increase the appro-
priation for Mobile harbor from $50,000 to
$100,000.
Mr. WARNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi-. CHANDLER. I hope, if there are any
Senators here who desire the passage of this
bill, that they will not load it down with these
amendments. If they do, they will hazard the
whole bill. If we commence putting on amend-
ments and riders, there is no telling where we
shall end. If there are any Senators who
would like to pass the bill, I hope they will
stand by the committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want this bill to pass.
Every Senator knows that if we commence
loading it down with these additional appro-
priations it will fail, and my friend from
Alabama will not only not get his $100,000,
but will lose his $50,000. If he carries this
amendment others of the same character, I
know, will be offered all around the Chamber.
I should be very glad to give him the sum he
requires ; I think it is a reasonable estimate ;
but it is utterly impossible to do it without
losing the bill. I shall vote against the amend-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Davis,
Fowler, Harris, Hill, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery,
Miller, Osborn, Pool, Bobertson, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stockton, Thurman. and Warner—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman. Buck-
ingham, Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howell, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Ross, Scott, Stearns,
Stewart, Tipton, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cragin, Fen ton, Ferry, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Bevels, Bice, Saulsbury,
Sehurz, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner. Thayer, Trum-
bull, Yickers, WUley, Williams, and Yates—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I offer an amendment,
as follows, to come in at the end of the third
section, the section authorizing surveys:
For surveying the mouths of Quantico and Chappa-
Wamasie bays, Virginia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. I offer an amendment
to come in after the thirty-fifth line of the first
section, on page 2 :
For the improvement of the Delaware river above
Bordentown and between Bordentown and Trenton,
New Jersey, $20,000.
I desire to say that at the last session a sur-
vey of this river was ordered, and Colonel
Kurtz, lieutenant colonel of engineers, has
written a very well prepared and carefully
considered report, which concludes in these
words:
" In conclusion, the improvement of the east chan-
nel at Periwig Island is recommended as most ad-
visable, at an estimated cost of $75,000, and of this
amount the sum of $20,000 is asked for the service
of the fiscal year ending June 30,1872."
I gave notice of this amendment, and sent
it to the Committee on Commerce; but by an
accident the amount was kept at $75,000, the
whole sum required to finish the work. It is
exceedingly probable that the committee did
not report it on that account. All we want
now is $20,000, as recommended by Colonel
Kurtz, for this year.
It is unnecessary for me to delay the Senate
by stating the importance of $20,000 to open
the Delaware river up to Trenton, It has
been needed for a long time. This is a survey
made by your authority, ordered by you to be
made ; and I have read the words of the con-
clusion of the report. I shall not take the
time of the Senate in reading the whole re-
port, for I am sure the Senate will feel that
the amount asked is so small and the good
to be done is so great that they will not hesi-
tate in adopting the amendment.
Permit me, Mr. President, to say one other
word. I desire to make no allusion to sums
granted to other States, for they may need
much larger sums than we need; but from the
foundation of the Government to the present
day 1 am informed that the whole sum that the
United States has ever spent for a river or a
harbor in New Jersey is $38,000, and we have,
as you are aware, one of the largest sea-coasts
for the area of our State of any State in this
Union, with some of the finest and most beau-
tiful rivers running into it. We are not in the
habit of coming to the General Government
asking aid of this kind until it becomes abso-
lutely necessary to keep the sea-ports of the
State open.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendment of the
Senator as presented to the committee called
for $75,000, but there were no facts before the
committee on which it could base a judgment
as to the propriety; of this appropriation. The
estimates of the engineers have not been ex-
amined by the committee as they usually have
been, and the committee are unable now to rec-
ommend the $20,000 as asked by the Senator
from New Jersey. I hope his amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will say in reply that
the report of llie officer of engineers who made
the survey did not reach me until yesterday.
This appropriation would have been moved in
the House of Representatives but for the fact
that the reports had not at that time been
handed to me or to my colleagues in the other
House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
J ersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend the bill
on page 13, in section three, with the concur-
rence of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, by inserting after the word ''sur-
vey" in line thirty-seven the words " at Atch-
afalaya bay and CJalcasie bay, Louisiana."
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. At the end of the same
section, on tho same page, I move to inagrt
"for examination and survey of Red riVer
from the mouth to a point above the raft, in
Louisiana," and also "for examination and
survey of the Tangipolota and Chifuncte rivers
in the State of Louisiana."
Mr. CHANDLER. No objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I offer an amendment
to come in after line two hundred and nine-
teen of section one, on page 10, " for improve-
ment of the Fifteen Mile falls in the Connec-
ticut river, $18,000." I will say that a survey
of this river was made during the last year
in pursuance of the authority contained in
the river and harbor bill of last session. The
engineer has recommended the removal of
obstacles which are now in the river and has
made his estimate, and I believe this covers
the amount of his estimate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know anything
about the Fifteen Mile falls on the Connec-
ticut river. I should like to inquire how far
above navigation the Fifteen Mile falls are.
Within how many hundred miles of the Fifteen
Mile falls do steamboats come?
Mr. PATTERSON. It depends on the kind
of craft. If you take the kind that run on the
St. Clair flats, they would go somewhere above
this. Boats have run above the falls for twenty
miles.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to ask my
friend from Connecticut how far the Fifteen
Mile falls are above Hartford or above naviga-
tion ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I cannot tell.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Con-
necticut does not understand the geography of
Fifteen Mile falls. I believe they expect to
improve the Fifteen Mile falls so that they can
run logs up them, I do not know exactly in
what way. I hope the amendment will not be
amended.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator that a boat is running on this river, and
with a little improvement it could run up nearly
to the lake by removing the obstacles in the
falls.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
The amendment was rejected.
_ Mr. COLE. I move to amend the bill in
line nine of the third section by inserting the
words "and at Santa Cruz." This is the sec-
tion in relation to a survey, barely for exam-
ination.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move the following
amendment for a survey;
Insert after line thirty-three of section three the
words:
a survey, beginning at or near Guntersville,
on the Tennessee river, to the head-waters of the
Warrior and Coosa rivers, in Alabama, with a view
ot determining the practicability of uniting the
waters or the Tennessee river with the waters of the
Warrior or Coosa for purposes of navigation.
The amendment was agreed to.
