452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. SUMNER. The letter relates to the
action of the House on the pending resolu-
tion, and also to a motion that will be made
next Monday in reference to the resolution,
to rescind it.
The VICJ2 PRESIDENT. That is clearly
within the rule laid down in Giw, and read
by the Chair from the Manual, as the Chair
thinks.
Mr. NYE. I presume the Senator from
Massachusetts does not care anything about it
now after having stated its contents. [Laugh-
ter.] But I want to know if there ever could
come up a question on the face of the earth that
he would not have a letter about? [Laughter.]
He is always ready with a letter from known,
or unknown regions, on every occasion when
a question arises iu the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. This is signed by eight
members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
beaded by N. P. Banks.
Mr. PATTERSON. While this colloquy is
going on. I should like leave to introduce a
couple of bills for reference. ["No!'' "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The question is on referring this con-
current resolutiou to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to multiplying committees; and it seems tome
that the proper course is to take all the bills
that are pending in the various committees,
either one of which is fully competent to lake
charge of the subject—the Post Office Com-
mittee, the Committee on Commerce, or the
Committee on Foreign Relations—and have
them all referred to one committee. I do not
see that there is any particular use in this
resolution. I therefore move to lay it on the
table.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority. The Senator from Vermont moves
that the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
011 a division—ayes 23, noes 2."i.
mousing business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the bill (S. No. 293) to
relieve members of Congress from importun-
ity, and to preserve the independence of the
different Departments of the Government, is
before the Sena.t.e as the unfinished business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator hav-
ing charge of that bill to let. us go through
the morning business. Fifteen minutes will
©xhftust it
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not interpose
any objection to the current morning business
being received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois having charge of the bill allows
it to pass over informally for current morning
business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if he
has any objection to our voting on this prop-
osition now?
  Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. ]f there is to lie no fur-
ther discussion, I hope the Senate will vote on
this concurrent resolution.
_ 'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon asks that the Senate proceed to
vote on this concurrent resolution. Is there
objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not object to that
unless it be with the understanding that the
discussion is to be concluded. I want to sav
a word about this resolution myself.
Mr. FOWLER. I objcct until the morning
business is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee objects. The Senator from
Illinois yields to allow current morning busi-
ness. The Chair hears no ohjeciion. The
presentation of petiuons and memorials is in
order.
petitions axd memorials.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of J.
E. Paul, of Nashville, Tennessee, praying an
increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THURMAN. I present a memorial of
some six hundred business men of Cincinnati,
Ohio, praying that such alterations and modi-
fications be made in the plans of the Newport
and Cincinnati bridge as will elevate the spans
forty feet above high-water mark. As this
memorial states facts that may be of import-
ance to the Committee on Commerce, I move
that it be printed and referred to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of citizens
of California remonstrating against the passage
of the bill to aid in the construction of a canal
in El Dorado and other counties in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented tbe petition of Jacob
Klein, prayingto be allowed to distill sour beer
011 band by paying the tax charged to distillers
of fruit, &e.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition of soldiers
and widows of soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed pensions; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying
the passage of the bill to authorize the corpor-
ate authorities of that city to subscribe to the
capital stock of the Washington and Ohio rail-
road ; which were referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Carl-
ton A. Uber, a second assistant engineer of
the Navy on the retired list, praying the pay
of a retired officer of that grade; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WJLLEY presented tlte petition of
James Milhnger, of Philadelphia, praying
compensation l'or supplies furnished United
States troops and for the use and occupation of
property by the Government during the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr, President, I have
received and present the remonstrance of Mrs.
General Sherman and one thousand other
women of the United States against female
suffrage, giving their views upon that subject
very briefly; and as the rules require me to
state the substance of the contents of a memo-
rial or petition presented by me, and as it can
in this ease be given as quickly and be better
stated by having the brief statement of the
memorialists themselves read, I ask that the
Secretary read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the remonstrance will be read.
'The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Congress of the United States, protesting against
a a extension, of woman svjf'rogc:
We, the undersigned, do hereby appeal to your
honorable body, and desire respectfully to enter our
pi oi eot against an extension 01' suffrage to women,
and in tlio firm belief that our petition represents
the sober convictions of the majority ol' the women I
of the country.
_ Although v/e shrink from the notoriety of tile pub-
lie eye, yet we are loo deeply and pain tally impressed
by the gravo perils which threaten our peace and
happiness in these propo&ed ehauges in our civil and.
political rights longer to remain silent,:
Because holy Scripturc ineuicatcs a different and
for us higher sphere apart from public life ;
Because, as women, we iind a fail measure of
duties, cares, and responsibilities devolving upon us,
and we are thereioie unwilling to bear other and
heavier burdens, and those unsuited to our physical
oisanization:
Because we hold that an extension of suffrage
would bo adverse to the interests ot the working-
women of the eorihtry, with whom we heartily sym-
pathize :
Because these ehanses must introduce a fruitful
clement of discord in the existing mai liaqe i elation, , i
which would feiHl to the infinite d'-tnmenl of ehii- 1
i dren and increase, the already alarming prevalence
oi divorce throughout the land :
Became no general law affecting the condition of
all women should be framed to meet exceptional
discontent.
For these and many inoie reasons do we be:.; of
your wisdom that no law extending suffrage to women
may be passed, as the passage ot such a law would
be fraught with danger so grave to the general order
of the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This petition is signed by
about one thousand ladies from various parts
of tbe country, many of whose names are
familiar to the public, not as the attenders
upon political conventions or operations of
that character, but as connected with works of
charity, humanity, and benevolence. 1 think
it safe t-o say that they represent a very large
element of opinion among American women,
and, as I know, from my knowledge of my own
State and from its official action in this respect,
they represent probably nine tenths of the
women of Vermont in their objections to suf-
frage. I move that the memorial be referred
to the Commiitee on the Judiciary.
Mr. P0ME110V. Before it passes from tbe
view of the Senate, I merely wish to say that
women who think that the extension of tbe
right of suffrage, of the ballot, to the working-
women of the country would not conduce to
their protection, would not conduce to the
elevation of their labor even, cannot be of
that class, so far as intelligence is concerned,
to whom the Senator alludes. If the ballot
is a protection to one person, it is to another.
If the ballot gives character and dignity to
the labor of a man because it enables him to
elect even the overseer that is over him, then
it would give character and dignity to the labor
of women. I am glad these persons have
remonstrated. It shows that they are awake
to the subject. 1 am only sorry that they give
such poor reasons.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
1'APERS "WITHDRAWN AXD RKI'EIi'iED.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That tbe petition of Sophia Holmes,
widow of Malaclii Holmes, a. colored soldier tvlio
died ot a wound received in battle, pravmg to be
allowed apension, be recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Jairuslt. Cole, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension.be taken from the files
ot the Senate and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
ilbrorts of committees.
Mr. TVILLEY. The bill (H. R. No. 1188)
for the payment of Richard M. Green for the
use of hi3 patetit by the Government was re-
ferred, I think inadvertently, to the Committee
on Patents. It came from the Committee 011
Naval Affairs in the other House, and it is the
opinion of the Committee on Patents of the
Senate that it is proper for the consideration
of the Naval Committee here. I therefore re-
port it back from the Committee 011 Patents,
that committee asking to bo discharged from
its further consideration, and move that it be
referred to the Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 500) to amend an act to author-
ize the establishment of ocean mail steamship
service between the United States and the
Hawaiian islands, and to extend the same to
Australia, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a hill (S. No. HOC) authorizing the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and Australia; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. Y> ILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1157) to equalize and fix the salaries of certain
bureau officers, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WARNER. The CommitteeonF-inance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (II.
R.No. ?>!■■>) lor the relief of Robert, Moir& Co.,
have direc!"d me to repott it back with a
recommendation thai it pass, and to submit
a very brie! report upon the subject, which I
desire to have_road; and 1 ask the Senate to
consider the joint resolutiou at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama asks unanimous eons.ent for the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (H, R, No.
