1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i mi
Mr. OSBORN. On page 12, lines twenty-
seven and twenty-eight of section three, there
seems to be a clerical error. The name of
the river mentioned there should be Choctaw-
hatehie.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
■will be made.
Mr. OSBORN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line two hundred and
twenty-seven of section one.
For the improvement of the bar at the mouth of
the St. John's river, Florida, $15,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce received the other day a letter from the
Secretary of War rather favoring this amend-
ment, but expected further information within
a few days, which, if my recollection is right,
has not yet arrived. I am rather inclined to
think that the amendment ought to be adopted.
I am sure the Secretary expected to send us
further information within a week from the
date of his letter, and his letter rather favored
the appropriation; and I am of opinion that
the amendment should be adopted.
Mr. CORBETT. As I remember the letter
of the Secretary of War, it was that it was an
experiment which was now in process of ex-
amination, and that if it proved successful he
would recommend an additional appropriation;
that if it was necessary to secure the appro-
priation, or if the appropriation was likely to
fail without a recommendation, he would rec-
ommend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Florida.
The amendment Was agreed to.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I offer the following
amendment, which I am authorized to do by
the Committee on Commerce, to come in after
line one hundred and fourteen, section one :
For improvement of Peconie river, below the
village of Riverhead, Long Island, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole,
except such as may be reserved or have been
reserved, will be regarded as concurred in.
Two amendments were reserved by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] and the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Howell.] Does
any Senator desire any other amendment to
be reserved? ["No!" "No!"] The other
amendments will be regarded as concurred in,
and the Secretary will report the first reserved
amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
reserved is in the first section of the bill, in
line eleven, to reduce the appropriation for
improvement of Superior City harbor, Wis-
consin, from $60,000 to $40,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in this reduction, made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOW E. I do not want to reargue that
question, but I will just remind the Senate
that this is a work which has been prosecuted
under appropriations made several successive
years. The chief of engineers asked for
$100,000 to complete the work, and asked the
appropriation of it this year. rIhe House, how-
ever, only appropriated $00,000. The amend-
ment proposed cuts it down to $40,000. ^ It
cannot make much difference to the United
States whether the $20,000 is appropriated
this year or next year, and it seems to me to
be absolute economy to give the engineers the
money about as they want to expend it. They
only have little more than half they asked for,
anyhow. I hope the Senate will not concur
in the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope they will. Let
us have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made fis in
Committee of the Whole.
The question being put, a division was
called for.
The amendment was non-concurred in—
ayes 20, noes 24.
The next reserved amendment was in line
one hundred and thirty-three, section one, to
reduce the appropriation for improvement
of the Des Moines rapids from $275,000 to
$200,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggest that a non-
concurrence with the- recommendation of the
committee in this vote is a non-concurrence
on the four works named. If the Senate pro-
poses to restore all of these works they will
of course vote not to concur with the commit-
tee in this. If they vote not to concur, of
course that will lead to reopening the whole
case and the restoration of all.
Mr. HARLAN. That is a parliamentary im-
possibility just now. The Senate has agreed to
the amendments in the other cases, so that they
cannot be put on as riders to this, and this is
exceptional. It is a different work from any
one of the others; a far more important work;
the advantage to the public will be far greater.
Mr. CHANDLER. If that be so, there is
the more reason why the Senate should stand
by the committee on this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon concurrence with the Committee of the
Whole in reducing the appropriation for Des
Moines rapids from $275,000 to $200,000.
Mr. HARLAN. Senators may be misled
by the name Des Moines rapids. It is the
rapids in the Mississippi river opposite the
mouth of the Des Moines river.
The amendment was concurred in, there
being, on a division—ayes twenty-six, noes not
counted.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3036) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the last general appropri-
ation bill, the sundry civil expenses bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill, with the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations, which will be
acted on as they are read in the text. The
Chair desires to have the attention of Senators
to this fact, that this bill is printed as it came
from the House of Representatives. As the
committee have only reported it back to-night,
the amendments of the Committee on Appro-
priations do not occur in the printed text.
Senators desiring to notice the amendments
will pay attention to the Secretary as he reports
the amendments from manuscript.
Mr. COLE. They are not very numerous
or very important, and of course it will not be
really necessary that the new print shall be
before the Senate.
OHIO JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
ask that without any debate at all we may have
a vote on the bill that has been read and is
now on its third reading, to organize a new
judicial district in the State of Ohio. My col-
league and I have appealed here over and over
again simply for a vote. The yeas and nays
may be called in five minutes and we may
have the matter off our hands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks consent that the Senate may vote on
the passage of the House bill reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, in regardto the
division of Ohio into three judicial districts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a highly import-
ant subject aud will lead to debate) and my
honorable friend the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee is not in the Chamber at this time
who ought to be here when that comes up. I
must therefore ask my friend from Ohio to
wait until he comes in and allow us to go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel it my duty then, in
order to settle the matter, to move to postpone
the pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Ohio that, perhaps
if an hour was fixed to-morrow for a vote, that
would suit the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing the
Senator from Vermont shall fix an hour him-
self.
Mr. COLE and Mr. POMEROY. Say twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. Is that under-
stood ?
Mr. COLE. Without debate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means. Iwill
not consent agai# this session to vote on any
bill without debate at anytime, until we know
what it is ; but I will state to my friend from
Ohio that I do not intend to debate it five min-
utes—not beyond three minutes—and I do not
think anybody else will.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I want is a, vote. We
do not intend to debate it on our side.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am willing to agree
that this bill shall be taken up for consider-
ation to-morrow morning at twelve o'clock,
and it is morally certain that it will not occupy
by debate on both sides twenty minutes. It is
only necessary in a full Senate to state just
what the question is and then let the Senators
decide what ought to be done. Of course this
is a matter that there is no feeling about.
Mr.- SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unani-
mous consent to that understanding, without
its being considered as displacing the appro-
priation bill? ["Yes."] The Chair hears no
objection. The appropriation bill will there-
fore be resumed to-morrow after the conclu-
sion of the vote on the passage of the bill
indicated by the Senator from Ohio.
ABSENCE OF MR. CARPENTER.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to make a statement
in justice to my colleague, [Mr. Carpenter.]
His name has been called repeatedly here,
and he has not responded. The reason is that
he is confined to his room and to his bed by
sickness, and has been for two or three days.
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the appropriation bill, and the
amendments of the Committee on Appropria-
tions as they occur in the text.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after line one hundred and
forty-nine, to insert "for this sum, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Attorney General
in the detection and prosecution of crimes
against the United States, $50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and sixty-one, to insert "for compen-
sation of clerks and additional compensation
to same in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, $22,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two hun-
dred and seventeen, to insert the following:
For necessary expenses in the erection, furnish-
lug machinery, and putting up the same, outbuild-
ings, inclosing grounds, and supermteadence ot the
branch mint at Carson City, $33,326.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
two hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and thirty, and two hundred and thirty-one, m
the following words:
In aid of the funds arising from fines, Pfnalbes,
aud forfeitures in the fiscal year ending Jane 30,
1872, and previous years.
The amendment was agreed to.
