1871.
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
375) for tbe relief of Robert Moir <fe Co., just !
reported by him. Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a relief bill, and
it will doubtless lead to discussion.
Mr. WARNER. The Senator will allow me
to state that this joint resolution has already
passed the House of Representatives, and there
is accompanying it a letter from the late Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Mr. Delano,
and also one to the same effect from Mr. Fes-
senden, stating that the facts are as alleged
■and that the resolution ought to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the measure, but the morning hour has passed.
The Senator can call it up at some other time.
It will evidently take time to consider it now,
for those letters and the report will liave to be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take the liberty of suggesting to the Senator
from Alabama that it would perhaps be belter
for him to withdraw the report at present and
submit it to morrow.
Mr. WARNER. Very well; I withdraw the
report until to-morrow morning.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1197) to allow criminals to testify
in their own behalf in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1198)
relating to the reform school of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAG IN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. it. No. 280) for the relief of Carlton
A. Uber; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 281) for the relief of the assist-
ant marshals employed in taking the census
of 1870; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
FRANKING l'RIVIIXCH.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Jittohed, That the Postmaster General bedireeted
to furnish the Senate with any information he may
have in i ega nl t u the amouut. of free mailable mailer
winch has pitted through the mails under the frank-
ing privilege.
DlitKCT TAX OK 1861.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
lla/ohe/l, That the Sect clary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Semite what Suites and Ter-
ritories have tuliv paid their respective proportions
of the direet tax levied hy'aet ot Congress approved
Amui- ! a, ]801; what Slates and Territories, if any,
have failed in such payment; win1' amounts aie still
due from said States; the reason - wiiysaid payments
have not been male, and what efforts, if anv. are .
now making to eonelude the collection of said direct j
tax; also, that the Secretary of the Trea-ury be i
direeted to inform the Senate whether the Recounts
ot the several boaids of direet tax commissioners, |
appoint ed in purMtauee of the act of Con^re^s of .J lute >
7. ISa-, have been adjusted and closed, ami what is l
the present condition of the property in the several
States lately in insurrection which under the opera - !
tien of the said at t of Con^re.-^ approved Jane 7,
1502, and acts amenda.toiy thereof, has come iulo !
ttie possession of the United States. i
LOUISVILL'-IOANAL AND I)K3 MOIN'HS 11ANHK. j
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the :
Senate the bill (II. R. No. 2fl]6) making an '
additional appropriation for the improvement
of the Louisville and Portland canal for the
fiscal year ending June tip. 1871, and for other
purposes; which was read a first time by its
title.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that that billbo put
on its passage at this time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. IIARLAN. I wish to say but a single
word in relation to it. ' The work on the Des
Moines rapids in the Mississippi river has been
progressing during the year very satisfactorily.
A large amount of earth, in the form of embank-
ment, has been placed in the river, partially in
the current of the stream; and when the waters
shall be a little higher than they now are, and
the spring freshets come, in all human prob-
ability, unless this embankment shall be rip-
rapped. as the engineers call it, before the
spring freshets arise, it will be swept out. But
a small appropriation comparatively is asked
for by the chief engineer to prosecute the work
during the present and coming months, before
the spring freshets shall occur. The work has
been appioved by Congress; I suppose every
member of the Senate and House intends to
complete it; and it would be better to make
this little appropriation now in order to save
what has already been done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the other part
of the bill?
Mr. HARLAN. 'The otiier part of the bill
refers to the Louisville canal. T cannot ex-
plain that so very well. I can only explain
that part which refers to ray own locality.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Michigan proposes the reference of the bill.
It will be read a second time in full, and then
the Senator from Michigan will be entitled to
the floor.
The bill was read a second time. It pro-
poses to appropriate the additional sum of
S200.009 for the improvement of the Louisville
and Portland canal during the current fiscal
year, to bo expended in accordance with ex-
isting laws, and Soil,000 for the completion
of the section-work at the Des Moines rapids.
Mr. CHANDLER. This whole matter is
before both the Committee on Commerce of
the House and the Committee on Commerce
of the Senate. It is a pari and parcel of the
river and harbor bill. Within a month t.he
whole subject will be before ibis body in a gen-
eral bill from the other House. At any rate,
I desire to have this bill investigated by the
Committee on Commerce before it is put on
its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Michigan will allow this bill to pass; and 1
think if he will read tho report that is lying on
the table now before me he will not object to
the passage of this bill. There can be no doubt
of the necessity of this appropriation. In my
judgment it ought to have been made at the
last session, and it was only defeated then by
the urgent appeal? of the Senator from Mich-
igan, who said we should be here this session
in ample time to enable this work to progress
during the winter, when a certain portion of
the work conid be best done. He said, with a
good deal of force, that before the money could
be expended Congress would be again in ses-
sion , and then its atl<mliou could be called to if;
and upon hi.-, opposition the ii".;ossary an|>>'0-
piialit.il for completing thi.-, work was defeated
at that time.
Since then the Committee on Appropriations
of the House, in pursuance of letters from the
Secretary of War, from General Humphreys,
the chief of engineer1', and Irorn Major Weiilzel,
engineer in charge, showing the necessity of
the appropriation now in order to enable them
to make a contract to complete this work while
tho river is low, while the materials can be
best srot together and used, have reported this
bill, and it has been passed by the House. If
this wotk is postponed until the ..'une freshets
in all probability a huge, portion of the expend-
iiure of the last season will be destroyed. I
speak now of the Louisville and Portland canal
and not. ot the improvement referred to by the
Senator from Iowa.
The passage of this bill will not in the
slightest degree weaken the force of the river
and harbor bill, a bill which in due time will
come up, after being considered in the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and passed. But this is
I the continuation of an improvement already
provided for by law and an appropriation that
came properly from the House Committee on
Appropriations, and this bill, if the Senator
from Michigan insists on a reference, should
go to the Committee on Appropriations here,
because the work is now going on; nothing is
required except an appropriation to carry into
effect the existing law;
I appeal to the Senator from Michigan to
allow this bill to pass. I assure him that it
will not endanger, delay, or affect in the least
the passage of the general bill which he has
in charge. He knows very well that I havei
always assisted in passing liberal appropria-
tions for rivers and harbors, and I think he
ought not to stand in the way of this.
Mr. MORTON. I have here a letter written
by General Weitzel, the engineer in charge
of the Louisville and Portland canal, dated
December 17, 1870 ; and a passage from that
letter will be the best argument that can be
made in favor of the immediate passage of this
bill, and I invite the attention of the Senate to
a very brief passage from this tetter. I will
premise, however, by calling the attention of
the Senator from Michigan to his statement
that this matter will come up in the course of
a month or two, to be acted upon, in the river
and harbor bill. General Weitzel writes to
a member of the committee of the House as
follows;
; "But in order that this $250,000 appropriated by
you should suffice to make the excavation, it was
necessary that the earth slopes should be made very
i steep. Tho result is that they are already caving, and
|j 1 have been compelled at some points to hotd theso
i -lottos hi) v-ith temporary expedients in anticipation
] of a,n immediate appropriation of the $200,000"—
j Which we failed to get last year, and which
j is embraced in this bill.
j - "Unless this amount is appropriated a.t once there
: will not be enough time to quarry the stone boioro
j tile next season, tor the new walls which must be
rebuilt to sustain tho sides of the canal, and these,
already caving, would assuredly fail in and then
i make a heavy additional expense to rsexcavate tho
! fallen earth. These stones must be quarried during
! tins winter and boated to the ground, so that the
j wall can be run up rapidly and finished in a few
j months.
! "If you delay making this immediate appropria-
j tion you wilt postpone tho conclusion of this work
j to an additional season, and thus necessitate the
I closing of the canal duiiugan additional season; and
] I have only to point to the experience of the past
; season to enable you to see what this means."
The reasons given here are conclusive in
, favor of immediate action upon this subject;
! but I need notgo into them, because this ques-
II tion has been before the Senate often, and it
! knows the general importance of this work.
: We urged the passage of this appropriation last
; year, but it was put off at the instance of my
i{ friend from Michigan for the reason stated by
jj the Senator from Uhio ; but now we have it
j1 from the engineer in charge that if we delay
1 making tins appiopriation, so that the stone
cannot be quarried this winter, the canal will
be lost for another season, and large additional
expenses will be incurred by reason of the loss
of the benefit of the work already done, the
sides now caving in, being merely of earth.
Mr. HOWELL. 1 live immediately upon
the lower rapids of tho Mississippi, and I went
over that work myself from one end to the
other just before coming on to Washington
to see its condition; and the statements made
here in regard to its present condition and in
regard to the liability of great damage and
destruction being caused by the spring rise
have not been overstated. The embankment
is fully made, so far as the earthwork is con-
cerned, and lor a mile or so the riprap is
completed and perfect; but for several^ miles
it is not completed, although for a portion of
that distance it is built up two thirds of the
way to the top. Ill the spring the river there
frequently rises, when the ice goes out, very
high; and if it should rise at the opening of
the present spring and carry out the ice it will
carry out a great poition ot this earthwork and
