1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
such rotten systems of partisan administration
and machiuery. If such laws must be passed,
I pray you let them be executed by officers
already identified with political affairs. Pro-
tect the judicial ermine from contamination
and the Army from threatened demoralization.
Do not compel all the people to pay armies of
Republican electioneered, challengers, super-
numeraries, runners, bummers, and shoulder-
bitters. Tammany never attempted so unjust
a.id dishonest political strategy.
It has been said by my friend from New York
(Mr. Churchill] that a bill of this kind is
made necessary by the fact that frauds some-
times transpire in the conduct of elections in
the States, and he instances an example from
New York. It may have been a very bad and
a very rotten case. But we can point him to
many worse and more disgusting cases, with
circumstances of infinitely greater lawlessness
and turpitude from the South, from Repub-
lican sections and districts, gotten up under
Radical laws and by Radicals, and under
Republican reconstruction systems, under
which ''carpet-baggers" and "scalawags"
have ruled so long, and their power has been
so great that the people have become used to
oppression and outrage, and almost fear to
expose or resist it. The cases of this kind
from that section so much surpass in all their
elements of vice and wickedness any case that
has ever arisen in New York that the latter
appearquite tame in comparison. It is in pur-
suance of laws of that sort enacted in other
sections of the country, and under the very eye
and power and manipulation of the Repub-
lican Congress, that so many outrages have
been perpetrated upon the rights of the people,
and in denial of fair and just and honorable
representation upon this floor.
Mr. Speaker, 1 might further remark, in the
same line of thought, that the gentleman does
not need to look into any State of the South,
or any Republican State of this country, to
find cases of this kind. If he will ransack the
records of this House itself he will find that
here and by his political friends, if not by
himself, have been committed as palpable,
scandalous, and unjustifiable outrages upon the
rights of the people and the purity of elections
as have disgraced any other legislative body or
any other tribunal in the country.
I remember, Mr. Speaker, that when I first
came into this House there was pending a
contest from the State of New Yoik. My
distinguished friend [Mr. Brooks] was a party
to that contest; was elected and entitled to a
seat here; and I recollect vety distinctly that
his opponent was by the judgment of the
House awarded the seatwithout right. I know,
too, that in another case, a case from my own
State, one of my colleagues [Mr. Voobhees]
was made the victim of a like wrong and out-
rage committed by this House. And only yes
terday we were supplied with another example
of the maimer in which congressional protec
tion is extended to the rights of the people
in connection with elections. Indeed, our
records here disclose the story of many a
gross and shameless wrong committed by the
majority of this House in election contests.
Mr. COX. In this connection I wish, with the
Consent of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
IiEaa,] to make a remark in response to my col-
league, [Mr. Churchill.] What lie cited from
a New York legislative report in regard to the
election of 188a has reference evidently to a
gang of men on the borders of my district, led
by a leader of the Republican party just out-
side of my district, a man who would sell him-
self to any party for any object, a man who is
at the head of nil the burglars and pimps of the
city, a man who fought mens he fought almost
every other decent man. This is the authority
quoted here to show that there are election
frauds in the city of New York, when the
truth, if properly understood, is that the sys-
tem which my colleague disapproves, as I do,
was begun by the Republican party, and though
it may have been sometimes followed by the
Democratic party, has never affected, so far as
1 know, any congressional election in my dis-
trict. On the contrary, in the last election,
all these commissioners of the United States
and inspectors certified to the correctness of
the election in that district, showing by the
election this year that the preceding elections
were all right in the interest of what I con-
ceive to be the Democratic party and true
patriotism.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will ask my col-
league from New York a question.
Mr. KERR. I will yield for a question.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I wish my colleague
to specify the case to which he refers, so that
we may see whether it is the one to which I
have referred.
Mr. COX. I suppose you refer to Theo.
Allen and his gang. He is known in New
York as a Republican. The gentleman ought
to know him as an earnest Republican, ready
to suffer for his party.
Mr. CHURCHILL. In looking over the
testimony of the case I do not recall any such
name.
Mr. COX. Perhaps my colleague will re-
member Georghegan as figuring in the con-
tested-election case against my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks.] There are always a lot of rowdies
employed by your party; and I do not wonder
that my colleague is ashamed of them.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I hope my colleague
will refer to the names of the parties to the
contest in which he supposes the fact3 are as
he states them.
Mr. KERR. That is not material.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I think the gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I ask the atten-
tion of the House for a moment to the remark-
able provisions of section seven of this bill.
I will not take time to read it, as it is very long,
but I will state in a word what it provides. It
is to organize a body of officers called super-
visors, one of whose duties is declared by this
section tQ be to attend the elections which
shall be held onder the provisions of this law,
and to note all irregularities which transpire
there, whether violations of the law, or tam-
pering with the ballot-box, or any other kind
of interference in the conduct of the election,
and as soon as an election is over it is made
the duty of these officers to proceed to make
an ex parte examination, to call before them
witnesses, to swear those witnesses, to take
down their testimony, and report that testi-
mony to this House. No notice is required to
be given to any party to any pending or pros-
pective contest. No one interested in any such
election is to be allowed to appear before any
of these officers to cross-examine witnesses or
to protect themselves and their good names
and the good name and honor of their com-
munities against any ex parte slanders or libels
thus to be manufactured against them.
What is the purpose of this kind of legisla-
tion? Who is to be beneficed or injured by
it? My judgment is that this is to enable men
who wish to cotne here with contests without
merit to send in advance of a regular contest
this sort of reckless partisan showing to pre-
possess the minds of political friends in this
House against truth and right. It is to enable
them, as has been so often here, to secure
seats against the rights of their own constit-
uencies. This report is to be made to no
State tribunal. Why should it be brought
here? Why authorize this exparte examin-
ation at all? It rotates every principle of
fair dealing, of justice and right between man
and man.
In this connection I may as well answer the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Chorchtll] that this bill in its provis
ions is not different from the one passed last
session, that this act involves no new exercise
of power on the part of Congress. I say to the
House that this bill is most materially different
from the one enacted at the last session of
Congress. It asserts powers on the part of-
Congress a long way in advance of anything
hitherto claimed on the part of the Federal
Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Pebbt.)
Twenty-five minutes remain of the gentleman's
hour.
Mr. KERR. I give the balance of my time
to my colleague, [Mr. Voorhees.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I yield to the gentleman
from California [Mr. Axtell] five minutes.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, in our Repub-
lic all citizens are soldiers in times of war, all
soldiers are citizens in times of peace. We
have a proud record of public men eminent
alike as citizens and soldiers. It is only when
soldiers are detaile3 to discharge the duties
of eitizens that they become odious to the
people.
The foundation-stone of the superstructure
of our Government rests entirely upon the will
of the people. Our Government is a Govern-
ment by the people and for the people. An abid-
ing faith in their ability to govern themselves
and to control their own local affairs is supreme
wisdom on the part of all public men. " The
Government of the United States" is simply
another form of expression for "the people of
the United States." And whenever we attempt
to interfere with them, whenever we attempt to
enforce the laws that we pass by any other
method than leaving it to the people to enforce
them, we commit a grave mistake.
History informs us that at one time during
the campaigns of Alexander the Great his vet-
erans, no longer willing to follow their emi-
nent leader further from Greece, mutinied
and endeavored to overpower their officers,
that they might return to their homes and
their families. Alexander, in place of order-
ing up the mercenaries or trampling down the
mutineers with his elephants, went and with
his own hands seized and drew out from the
ranks twenty-five cf the ringleaders and deliv-
ered them over to justice. The balance of
the veterans, admiring his courage and awed by
his power of command, begged to be allowed
to return to their duty. Such acts mark and
make heroes. Men that are capable of gov-
erning do not desire the military arm to aid
them. Neither in our great cities nor in our
small ones is it necessary to supplement the
civil arm by the military, and the great mis-
take of the party now in power, which has run
through all their legislation, is doubting the
wisdom and the integrity of the people of this
country.
In my own State of California, where the
Republican party were dominant and appa-
rently had the State during the lifetime of the
men who fought the late war, their military
commander, upon information thatcertain citi-
zens had rejoiced or given expression to senti-
ments of rejoicing at the tiraeof the assassina-
tion of the late President of the United States,
sent out into various counties of the State and
arrested without authority of law a number
of citizens, dragged them to San Francisco,
and imprisoned them upon the island of Aiea-
traz, placed upon their limbs irons, and set
them to work digging trenches around the
fortifications. And that unwarranted military
interference, let me say, more than any other
one cause, was the means of carrying that
State away from the Republican party and. giv-
ing it into the hands of the Democracy for all
.Mine. It was because the people dreaded the
party in power which did not dare to trust
thetn, but put its trust in the military am.
And here allow me to refer to a most unfor-
tunate state of facts, brought to light by a
resolution introduced by one of my colleagues:
that the Governor of California, elected by
Democratic votes, so far forgetting his faith
and the faith of his party in the people, was
imprudent enough to call, before he had con'
