1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
veiled his Legislature, before he had exhausted
the power of his State, upon the authorities
at Washington to send'troops to San Francisco
to preserve order.in an approaching election 1
His act was one which cannot be justified by
any Democrat in California or in the United
States. Arid that Governor can take warn-
ing, as all public men who doubt the people
can take warning, that the people will resume
the power which they delegated to him, and
will show that they are "unwilling that any of
their officers shall follow this vicious example
of calling Federal bayonets to the discharge
of. that duty which the citizens of the States
are abundantly able to discharge themselves—
the maintenance of peace and order at their
own elections.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that the limited time
" granted by the courtesy of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Yoorhebs] forbids my enlarging
upou this subject; and, thanking him for his
courtesy, 1 yield tbe floor.
Mr. VOORHEES then addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield for ten min-
utes to my colleague on the committee from
Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. The basis of our Government
is the will of the people. So far as this popu-
lar will is represented by men freely chosen to
express it in the national councils, and em-
bodied in written laws, our Government is a
free republican Government, a government of
the people by the people and for the people;
but in so far as the popular will fails to be fairly
expressed and fairly embodied in forms of law
our Government becomes the meanest, basest
despotism that ever cursed the earth. It is
true—and so notorious is the fact that it is
needless to discuss the evidences of it here—
that in some of the large cities of the United
States the popular will is not truly expressed
at the elections, but those elections are in a
great measure controlled by repeaters and
fraudulent votes. This is the fact, appalling
as that fact is. The result is that in so far-as
tbe elections are controlled by these fraudulent
votes the people are subjected to a despotism
more disgraceful than ever before existed on
the earth. The people of the United States,
so jealous of their rights, so boastful of their
liberties, governed and controlled by the will
or caprice of repeaters, ballot box stuffers, and
fraudulent voters of every sort! -Was ever a
despotism like that, so humiliating, so degrad-
ing; the more humiliating that it is not a des-
potism imposed by force, to which even brave
men may for a time honorably submit, but a
despotism imposed by chicanery and fraud,
stealing the livery of freedom to serve the uses
of the basest despotism ?
The questions that are presented to us are,
can this gross and flagrant outrage upon the
rights of the nation be prevented by any action
of the national Representatives; and if so, is
this bill an appropriate measure to guard the
purity of elections and secure a fair expres-
sion of the popular will ? The power of Con-
gress to prescribe the time, place, and manner
of holding elections for members of Congress
is expressly given in the Constitution. The
article of the Constitution reads as follows:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at anyx time by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
It-is said that the last clause of this section
giving the power to Congress has fallen into
abeyance, never having been used, and should
now be considered but as a dead letter. Sir,
the men who framed this Constitution foresaw
that the exigency might arise, as it has arisen,
requiring the exercise of this power by Con-
gress, and they provided for its exercise when
that exigency should arise. In the earlier
and purer days of the Republic it was not
necessary that this power should be exercised;
but the facts that exist to-day demonstrate
the wisdom of the men who incorporated that
section" in our fundamental law. And if these
frauds irt the elections grow to any extent out
of the manner of conducting the elections,
then clearly to that extent the remedy is within
our power, and we are called upon to apply
that remedy by every consideration that would
induce us to preserve our free Government
and preserve the liberties of our people.
What are the evils to be remedied, What
acts of fraud to be prevented, to secure fair
elections? One of the means most commonly
used to substitute the will of an unprincipled
minority for the will of the people is that which
is technically called repeating) one man voting
at as many polling-places as possible, and as
often at each polling-place as he can. This is
not done by any wretch, however loose he may
be, merely for his own amusement, but he is
induced to do so by far more solid considera-
tion. The repeater himself is but the pur-
chased tool of someequally unscrupulous man,
who furnishes the necessary means to secure
the vote. This bill proposes to punish- both
the man who falsely votes and the man who
fraudulently causes the fictitious name to be
registered under which the repeater can-vote,
both the villain who plans and the villain who
executes these schemes by which self-govern-
ment by the people becomes a by-word and a
reproach. The first sections of this bill are
framed for this purpose. What honest man,
what party whose motives will bear the- clear
light, will object to the punishment of these
repeaters and their allies ? I venture the
assertion that no man will object to any effect-
ive measure to that end who prefers the purity
of the elections and entire freedom and fairness
in the expression of the popular will to the
temporary success of some man or some
political party.
Another most usual and effective mode of
destroying the purity of elections is by making
false returns of the vote; and the' remedy
proposed by this bill is that officers of the
national Government shall examine the regis-
tration and see whether it is fairly made, and
shall attend these elections and see whether
they are fairly conducted. In relation to tbe first
of these duties, it is apparent that if this bill
becomes a law the false and fraudulent regis-
tration of names of voters would be made very
difficult and dangerous; but I affirm that there
is nothing in the bill which will make it more
difficult or dangerous for an honest voter to
have his name registered, and that is all that
need be said in relation to so much of the duty
of these officers. But it is said that these offi-
cers are required to count and canvass every
ballot cast for Representative in Congress.
Why not ? Why should the votes for Repre-
sentatives not be canvassed by officers appoint-
ed by and directly responsible to the national
authority in those election districts where it is
apparent that a fair and just return of votes
cast for such Representatives has not been
made? In what other manner can the purity
of elections be preserved ?
But it is said that in aid of these officers
power is given to the marshals to arrest cit-
izens without authority of law, and this is
declared to be wholly without precedent. So
far is this from being true that the authority
to arrest offenders for offenses committed
within their view, whether by judicial officers
or officers whose duties were merely execu-
tive, has been universally exercised. In your
State and mine the power to arrest men for
offenses committed within the view of sheriffs,
marshals, and even policemen, is given to these
officers. No man objects to the arrest of a
pickpocket on view of his offense by*a police-
man ; but when the thief designs only to steal
away the great right of self-government, and
to subject the American people to the dom-
ination of the basest men that infest our great
cities, it is an outrage to arrest him in the act 1
We should guard the purses of our citizens,
but should surrender their institutions, their
freedom, their laws to the control of out-
laws.
Mr. Speaker, there can be no valid reason
urged against the passage of this bill, unless it
can be shown that under a fair and reasonable
administration of this act, if it should become
a law, men who are justly entitled to vote would
be deprived of their right to do so. My col-
league on the committee says that there is no
occasion for the passage of this act; such laws
are not needed by any existing conditions
thereof. In other words, that it is not true in
fact that in some of the great cities of the
country the elections are tainted and corrupted
by fraud. I have no time now to enter into a
discussion of this question of fact, but the
evidence is before the country—evidence so
overwhelming that the committee of privi-
leges and elections in the Legislature of New
York, without dissent on the part of any
member of the committee, used the language
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Churchill] has had read here to-day. If
this language is true, if there is a reasonable
probability of its truth, there is, there can
be, no higher or more sacred duty devolving
upon this House than to protect the people of
this country from such gross outrage upon
their rights, their liberties, and the very funda-
mental theories of our Government. The
question, stripped of all gloss, is simply this:
shall this country be governed by a majority
of its citizens, or by the repeaters of the cities?
To return to the other branch, of this inquiry;
will this bill prevent any honest voter from
casting his vote? If not, I care not how
severely it may operate upon the rascals of
either political party who may resort to fraud
to determine the result of the elections. Has
the law to which this is an amendment, and
which has so greatly tended to secure purity
of elections in the city of New York, pre-
vented any honest voter from casting his vote
whose rights have been taken away, who has
been deprived of his privileges as a citizen ;
has it been shown, or can it be showd that
any man has lost the right of depositing his
ballot on account of the passage of that act?
This is the great question. No evidence has
been produced in this discussion that any man
has been hindered or prevented from exercising
his rights as an American citizen. And it has
not been pointed out in what manner this
amendment to that law would have this effect.
Who believes that it would? And if it would
not, I repeat there is no valid reason that can
be urged against the passage of this bill. But
it is said that military force may be used. Tins
bill provides that the marshal may call for the
aid of the military powers only in case he
shall be forcibly resisted in the execution of
the law.
It is said that this bill provides for the inter-
ference of the military to a dangerous ex-
tent. What are its provisions? The aid of the
military can only be invoked where the mar-
shal is forcibly resisted in the execution of the
duties imposed upon him by this act. The
only question is, shall the law be made fruit-
less by the forcible resistance of a mob, or
shall the law be executed as every other law
is required to be executed by the military
power of the country when its execution is te-
sisted by force? But it is said that the mar-
shal ought not to be permitted to invoke the
aid of the military. Sir, I remember when
the party now represented by the gentlemen
who have addressed us from the Other side of
the House desired to provide for the arrest of
a fugitive slave they enacted a law authorizing
the marshal, if forcibly resisted, to call upon
the entire power of the country for aid to
catch the fugitive. We heard no word of dis-
sent from gentlemen of that party to such use
of the power of the country. It was right and
proper for the marshal to call upon the mili-
tary to execute the fugitive slave law, but
wholly wrong for the same officer to call for
aid in guarding the ballot-box from the most
