1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
The Senator from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, of course will
oppose appropriations for tlrese improvements
hereafter if they seem to be in excess of what
the legitimate income of the Government will
allow. This Louisville and Portland canal is
a work affecting his section of the country, as
■well as many others. I submit that these appro-
priations should be examined, and they should
be made in accordance with the ability of the
Government and the amount of money that we
can afford to appropriate. We caunot appro-
piiate beyond the income of the Government,
and we must decide as to what amount we can
afford to appropriate for each of these various
works. Let this bill be referred, as similar
bills have been heretofore, to the Committee
on Commerce, and then this work will get its
proper and legitimate share of the appropria-
tion, as was the case last year. I think we
then appropriated $250,000 for it.
I certainly have no objection to this work. I
desire to aid it, and will do all that I can to
aid it; but I do not think it is proper to pass an
appropriation of five or six hundred thousand
dollars without a reference to the Committee
on Commerce, to which the subject has always
heretofore been referred, and to which it should
be referred now, in my opinion. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will refer this bill to the
Committee on Commerce, so that we may have
an opportunity of consulting with the engineer
department and ascertaining the least amount
of money that can be used to advantage in this
work at the present time.
Mr. SCHURZ. I regret to disagree with
my friend from Oregon, which I am obliged to
do in this case. I think he is right in saying
tlmt under ordinary circumstances all such bills
ought to be referred to a committee and ought
to be closely examined. But it will be admitted
that in this case there is danger in delay and
that there is economy in prompt action. It is
stated by the engineers that unless the work
be continued, which cannot be done unless the
appropriation be made now. a large portion of
the work may go to destruction, and that when
we make the appropriation, after having con-
sulted the committee, the appropriation will
probably have to be large to repair the damage
done in the mean time. So that I think it will
not be a waste of money, even if the appropri-
ation should at the present moment be larger
than it ought to be. But it will be economy to
make it now, in order to prevent the destruc-
tion which otherwise will most certainly and
most necessarily occur.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one fact which,
it seems to me, ought to induce the Committee
on Commerce themselves to favor this propo-
sition. This whole subject has been referred
to the Committee on Commerce; and they have,
upon the very estimates of the engineers sub-
mitted to them, reported in favor of this partic-
ular improvement.
Mr. CONKLING. Which one does the Sen-
ator refer to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I speak of the Louisville
and Portland canal. My remarks were ad-
dressed to that, because I have no local inform-
ation as to the other work. The committee
reported that $450,000 was necessary to com-
plete it according to the plan of the engineer;
but the Senator from Michigan said at the last
session, it being just before the short recess,
that we could not afford to appropriate more
than $250,060 then, but the other $200,000
would undoubtedly be appropriated at the next
session ; and the reports of our debates show
that. Those of us who represent this region
of country were so anxious for an immediate
appropriation that we appealed to the Senate
to make the whole appropriation of $400,000
at the last session, on the ground that the work
had to be done during this winter; and we car-
ried the Senate. The Senate by a very decided
vote appropriated $450,000. Then a contro-
versy arose, and the honorable Senator from
Michigan, putting us under considerable dis-
cipline, endeavored to load down the bill with
other amendments; and the friends of this prop-
osition, rather than go into a controversy of
that kind, finally yielded. I am now satisfied
that we did wrong.
General Weitzel, than whom there is no bet-
ter officer in the service, says that our delay at
the last session of Congress to make the whole
appropriation of $450,000 caused a very great
loss to the Government; and he gives the plain,
simple facts to show that our refusal to make
a sufficient appropriation to complete the work
has been the cause of considerable loss. He
says:
" To illustrate here tlie failure on the part of Con-
gress to appropriate the sums I ask for works a loss
to the Treasury the experience of last year will suf-
fice. If you had given me the $450,000 which I asked
tor I could have put thenew walls under contract at
the same time the excavation wasgoingon. Therock
which we excaya,te in enlarging this canal is the finest
kind of building material, and could havcthen been
Suarried and lifted into its place in the new walls.
lut with the appropriation you gave (as it is all-
important to get the enlarged opening first) we were
compelled to blast this rock, and thus break it all to
pieces. Now, when you give a new appropriation,
we will have to go twenty miles up the river, and
buy stone not as good as we have been compelled to
break up and waste."
It is manifest, therefore, that in yielding to
the temporary expedient of the Committee on
Commerce at the last session we probably lost
the Government some money. This money can
be expended to advantage now. I will say to
my friend from Michigan that I am as much in
favor of the Sault Ste. Marie canal as he is, and
1 will vote for an appropriation for it. AVhile
I desire a reasonable degree ofeconomy, I have
always voted for appropriations for river and
harbor and other improvements, in all sections
of the country, without regard to tlie locality
in which the money was to be expended ; and I
shall do so at the present session of Congress
no doubt.
Mr. COLE. I hardly think it right that
a measure of such great importance as this
should go through the Senate without a ref-
erence to a committee. It is possible, and
somewhat probable, that it should be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. It was
considered and reported by that committee
in the House of Representatives, and passed
there, and for that reason possibly it should
be referred to the corresponding committee of
this body. If what has been stated by one or
two Senators here be true, that great damage
will result to these works unless they are
speedily completed, there is no doubt that the
appropriation should be made without delay.
Whether that is the factor not will be determ-
ined, of course, by the investigation of what-
ever committee it may be referred to. For
myself, I know nothing about those facts fur-
ther than they have been stated by Senators.
The Committee on Appropriations, I will say,
are not anxious for the consideration of this
bill. They would gladly avoid the labor of
examining it. But if the bill is referred to the
committee at the head of which is the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan, it is very
likely that it will be reported back with an
amendment in favor of a third great national
work in which his State is interested ; and so,
probably, these three works may receive con-
sideration at this session of Congress and all
others fail. 1 will inform the Senator from
Michigan that there are more than three great
national works now pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me for a moment, I am in favor of defer-
ring action on all these works until the river
and harbor bill comes in, which will be within
a week or two, and then putting them all
together.
Mr. COLE. There are some other works
in other States upon which the expenditure of
money, in not perhaps so large an amount, is
equally necessary with the expenditures upon
the two or three that have been mentioned in
the Senate to-day. Some of them, perhaps,
have fairly commenced and some, perhaps, may
not have been commenced at all, that are of as
great importance to the country as the works
contemplated in this bill. But if it be true, as
has been stated, that these works, being now
in progress, will suffer damage if there is not
a continuation of the work upon them, and if
the money is not furnished speedily, that of
course is an argument in favor of the speedy
disposition of this bill, but not so speedily, in
my judgment, as to have it passed without a
reference to a committee. I will not on behalf
of the committee of which I am a member
insist on its reference to that committee ; but
I think it should go to some committee, and
inasmuch as it received the consideration of
that committee in the House of Representa-
tives, I suggest the propriety of its going to the
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. On further examination I
discover,- what I was not aware of until a mo-
ment since, that there are two appropriations
embraced in this bill. As this matter arose
suddenly' my attention had not been called to
that fact. I am not specially interested in the
matter of the appropriation for the Des Moines
rapids, but I am interested in the appropria-
tion iu behalf of the Louisville and Portland
canal.
Now, sir, there s one practical suggestion
that I desire to make, and it is this: in regard
to appropriations of this kind all that can be
desired by a reference to a committee is to
acquire information from the head of some
Department who has the matter in charge.
Now, I find two reports on my table, to which
my attention has been called in the last few
minutes, containing all the information that can
be desired in regard to this subject. These
appropriations are both recommended by the
head of the Department to which they properly
belong.
I suggest to my honorable friend from Mich-
igan that the Committee on Commerce is in
the habit, as are other committees, of calling
upon the heads of Departments for any in-
formation they may desire in support of a pro-
posed appropriation. I know that such is the
practice of the Committee on Commerce. We
go to the engineer corps for information in
regard to all these works of internal improve-
ment committed to their care. We usually call
upon the Secretary of War, and through the
Secretary of War, upon General Humphreys.
In a case like this General Humphreys refers
the matter to some engineer—General Weitzel
it appears in this case. It is true this com-
munication is addressed to a member of the
lower House; but still it is entitled to the
same consideration as though it came through
the more direct and usual channel, by a refer-
ence to the Secretary of War and a call through
General Humphreys upon General Weitzel.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inform my friend
that that communication is addressed to a
member of the- Committee on Apppropria-
tionsinthe House of Representatives, and may
be considered as an official document.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir; this is true. I
think that some months since a communication
containing substantially the same reasons was
addressed to our committee ; at all events, I
remember that this subject was before the
Senate at the last session, and there was con-
siderable discussion regarding it. The Sen-
ators from Ohio and Indiana insisted that
there should be affirmative action then. I am
satisfied that there should have been favor-
able action at that time. I recollect, however,
supporting the view taken by the chairman of
our committee at the time.
But, sir, we have in the communication
which is now before us information succinct,
clear, and to the point. It embraces all that
is necessary to justify the Senate, it seems to
me, in acting on this bill at once; and cer-
tainly it is admitted that there is a necessity
for so acting; that otherwise the work must
absolutely cease, and much ot the work that
has been performed will go to ruin, and that
commerce through this canal must also close.
