1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
March 2,
part of the country that is now being settled
up—and it is quite important that the people
should know where the boundary line is, in
order to settle the question of jurisdiction,
especially in criminal cases. I think that
clause had better remain in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the clause
from line five hundred and eighty-seven to
line five hundred and ninety, as follows :
For establishing and surveying the southern
boundary of Wyoming, estimated at three hundred
and sixty-six miles, at a rate not to exceed forty
dollars a mile, $21,960.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line six hundred and thirty-four t® line six
hundred and thirty-eight, as follows :
To compensate Joseph S.Wilson forthe collection
of the valuable scientific museum at the General
Land Office, $10,000: Provided, That any interest
■which he may have in this collection shall do made
ovef-to the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
six hundred arid forty-six the following :
To Mary B. Walker, -widow of Robert J. Walker,
for money expended by him "when territorial Gov-
ernorof Kansas, $13,003 75, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be paid on vouchers to be submitted
to the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" Department," in line six hundred and sev-
enty-four, to insert the words "and the total
cost of said work Bhall;" so as to make the
clause read:
To rebuild the -wooden bridge at or near the Little
Tails, $60,000. the same to be constructed under the
direction of the Engineer Bureau of the WarDepart-
ment, the material furnished and the work on said
* bridge tobe let to thelowest bidder, after due adver-
tisement in at least three newspapers, upon plans
and estimates to be prepared by said engineer de-
partment, and the total cost of said work shall not
exceed the sum of $00,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. Do I understand that the
wooden bridge at or near Little Falls stands in
the bill to be built and to be paid for by the
Government? What was the report of the
committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that there is no amendment pro-
posed there.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I move to strike out
from line six hundred and sixty-eight to line
six hundred and seventy-five. My reasons are
these: it is a bridge five or six miles out of
town; it accommodates nobody but two or
three milk farmers; the people of that place
can get into the city of Washington by the Long
Bridge, and there is no more reason for build-
ing it than there is for building a bridge up at
Havre de Grace: nor half so much.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
The"next amendment was to add after line
seven hundred and thirty-three the following:
For improvement of the circle at the intersection
of Massachusetts and Vermont avenues, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
seven hundred and forty-eight the following:
For widening embankments over conduit and mac-
adamizing roads, $10,000.
For completing gas-houses at distributing reser-
voir, $20,496.
For completing high-service reservoir, $4,000.
For ventilators over conduit, $2,800.
For fencing reservoirs. $3,600.
For building office at Bock creek bridge, $3,300.
For engineering, superintendence, and repairs for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1872, $20,000.
For completing earthwork and making the slope-
wall of division dam, $20,000.
For completing slope-wall of distributing reser-
voir, 820,000.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that $20,000 is a
pretty large amount for engineering. What is
the information?
Mr. COLE. All I can say on that subject,
not having been in committee when this part
of the bill was acted upon, is, that as the
House reported it, and as it was estimated for
by the Department, we presume it is necessary
in order to keep a supply of water for this city.
Mr. CORBETT, I understand this is not
m the House bill, but has been inserted in the
Senate.
Mr. COLE. I understand it comes from the
House. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations, to insert these items among
the appropriations for the Washington aque-
duct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines seven hundred
and seventy-four, seven hundred and seventy-
five, and seven hundred and seventy-six, to
strike out the words "being an unexpended
balance covered into the Treasury under the
act of July 12, 1870," and then to reduce the
appropriation from $500,000 to $300,000, so
a3 to make the clause read, "for completing
the bridge at Rock Island, $300,000."
Mr. THURMAN. That is a mere question
of fact, and I should like to know how the fact
is. If this is an unexpended balance, which
has been covered into the Treasury, one might
suppose it was a large sum; If it is a new
appropriation, I should be disposed to vote for
a smaller sum. I should like to know what
the facts are. The House has passed it with
the assertion that it is an unexpended balance
covered into the Treasury. The committee
move to strike out these words. What is the
fact?
Mr. SAWYER. I was not in the committee
at the time this was passed, but I know the
principle on which the committee have gone
in regard to all the unexpended balances. It
was to make a direct appropriation, instead of
reappropriating it in this form. By the law of
last year it will be remembered we made a rule
that all unexpended balances should be covered
at a certain time, and the committee, in every
case where they came across a thing of this
sort, have stricken it out on the general prin-
ciple and made the appropriation direct.
Mr. HARLAN. In this ease I think the
phraseology ought to remain, for under the old
law the gross appropriation for this purpose
was limited to a specific sum, and no more
was intended to be appropriated, and the
engineers in the prosecution of the work have
not expended the whole amount appropriated
within $500,000 at the end of the fiscal year;
so that that amount has been covered into the
Treasury. I think it would be better to leave
that phraseology as an explanation. It would
be in strict conformity with the original act,
which limits the whole amount to be appro-
priated for this work to a specific sum.
Mr. THURMAN. The object of the act
requiring unexpended balances to be covered
into the Treasury was that a new appropria-
tion of them should be necessary for their
expenditure, that they should not be expended
without a new appropriation after the end of
the fiscal year. It was no part of the object
of that act that Congress should not be informed
if there was an unexpended balance then cov-
ered into the Treasury. I see no danger what-
soever in allowing the words to remain. On
the contrary, I think it is well enough they
should remain, in order that it may be seen
why this expenditure is made of the amount
here provided.
Mr. COLE. There seems to be a little want
of harmony about the understanding on this
question. The House of Representatives ap-
propriated last year $500,000. Can the unex-
pended balance be the entire amount?
Mr. HARLAN. No ; the whole amount is
$1,000,000. Two hundred thousand dollars
was appropriated at one time and $500,000
at another and $300,000 at another, and of
the whole amount appropriated $500,000 was
expended at the end of the fiscal year, and
this merely makes that amount available. The
whole amount to be expended was limited to
$1,000,000.
Mr. COLE. How are we to k$ow_ at the
end of this fiscal year how much there is of an
unexpended balance ? How are we to know
that fact? We keep on the expenditure up
to the end of the year* and then we find an
appropriation of $500,000 more. It is a very
awkward way of making appropriations. 1
think we ought to return to the spirit of the
law of last year and let these unexpended bal-
ances be turned into the Treasury unless they
are kept out by contracts entered into._
Mr. HARLAN. There can be no difficulty
about that, for every dollar that goes in goes
in under what is called a cover-in draft, and
every dollar and cent is stated in the draft,
and goes on the books of the Treasury.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator what there
is to prevent drafts being drawn between now
and the 30th of June next? If there should
be drafts drawn in that time up to the whole
amount of the appropriation made prior to
this, would there not be a reappropriation, or
another appropriation here claimed under this
law, of $500,000 more?
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
has any doubt on that subject I will be willing
to have him add a proviso, providing that the
gross amount appropriated for this work shall
not exceed that stipulated in the original act.
I think there is no difficulty at all in the case,
however.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 38, after
line nine hundred and twelve to strike out the
following clause :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of disbursing officers for expenditures
already made in pursuance of law, which will not
involve any actual expenditure, but merely a trans-
fer on the books of the Treasury, $200,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am rather inclined to
think, unless Senators have got information
on the subject, that that clause ought to be
retained. Very often a disbursing officer pays
out money on one account that should be cred-
ited to another, and this is merely to allow a
transfer of funds.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 38, after
line nine hundred and seventeen to strike out
the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of disbursing officers for expenditures
already made in pursuance of law, which will not
involve any actual expenditure, but merely a transfer
ou the books of the Treasury, $75,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is likewise author-
izing a mere transfer.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert on page
38, after line nine hundred and twenty six, "for
continuing the surveys of northern and north-
western lakes, $175,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, after
line nine hundred and sixty-five, in the clause
making appropriation for continuing survey of
the Atlantic and Gulf coast, and Lake Cham-
plain, to strike out the words "together with
any unexpended balances of former appropria-
tions which would be otherwise covered into
the Treasury by existing laws."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 41, after
line nine hundred and ninety-one to strike out
the following clause:
For continuing the surveys of northern and north-
western lakes, $175,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
