1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
180$
Tlie next amendment was on page 42, line
ten hundred and seven, in the clause providing
for the navy-yard at Philadelphia, to strike out
the words " for building landing-wharves,
dredging and filling in, commencing jjuay-
walls, store-houses, carpenters' shop, joiners'
shop, smiths' shop, machine shop, offices,
steam-engines, scows, boats, derricks, and ma-
chinery and tools of all kinds at League Island,
$200,000."
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senate not to strike
out those words to-night, but retain them at
present until we get into the Senate. I give
as a reason for this request that my colleague
[Mr. Cameron] has been unable to remain, and
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Cattell,]
in consequence of indisposition, was also
unable to remain, and they are exceedingly
anxious to record their votes on this question.
I hope it will be retained for the present, at
all events until we get into the Senate.
Mr. COLE. It might be acted on now and
reserved and voted upon again in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, the course indicated by the
Senator from Pennsylvania will be taken, and
the amendment will be passed over for the
present.
The next amendment was on page 42, line
ten hundred and seventeen, in the clause pro-
viding for the navy-yard at Norfolk, Virginia,
to strike out the words " permanent improve-
ments, $60,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 42, line
ten hundred and twenty, in the appropriation
for the navy-yard at Pensacola, Florida, to
strike out the words "permanent improve-
ments, $25,000."
Mr. OSBORN. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. The appropriation for
the navy-yard at Pensacola is only $50,000
all told.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 43, after
line ten hundred and twenty-eight, to strike
out "for naval station at New London, Con-
necticut: care and protection of. public prop-
erty, $5,000."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to have
that amendment reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator desires this
amendment postponed for a vote hereafter.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over and no vote be taken upon it now.
The next amendment was on page 43, line
ten hundred and forty-two, to reduce the appro-
priation for "repairs of all kinds" at the naval
station at Key West, Florida, from $30,000 to
$20,000.
Mr. OSBORN. I hope that appropriation
will not be reduced. Thirty thousand dollars
is as small a sum as can possibly be got along
with.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 43, line
ten hundred and thirty-four, to reduce the ap-
propriation "for emergencies that may arise
at naval stations" from $100,000 to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 43, after
line ten hundred and forty-four, to insert " for
the purchase of twenty-five Gatling guns and
ammunition therefor, $50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YICKERS. That last amendments an
important measure, and I suggest that it lie
over for the present, as the Senate is very thin.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better not
reserve that.
The PRESIDING OFFICERS This amend-
ment can be reserved when the bill is reported
to the Senate, and another vote can then be
taken upon it.
The next amendment was on page 43, after
line ten hundred and thirty-six, to strike out
the following clause:
To enable the Clerk of the House to pay the labor-
ers on his roll and the doorkeepers the same rate of
compensation as that received by the pages of the
House for the present session, ¥1,500, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, sec-
tion two, making appropriations for various
Government buildings, to strike out the words
"and the appropriations so made shall be
continuous in character, and not to be covered,
into the Treasury under existing laws, unless
hereafter specifically ordered."
Mr. CORBETT. I do not think that ought
to be done. When this law about unexpended
balances was under consideration a year ago
I asked whether it applied to public buildings,
and I was distinctly told -that it did not, and
I understand that the Department have found
a great deal of trouble under the section. I
presume the House have prepared this section
with a view to meeting those difficulties. I
hope the amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. COLE. Here is an attempt to make
an exception to the general law which directs
that unexpended balances be turned into the
Treasury. I hope we shall make no excep-
tion on behalf of the Agricultural Department
or any other Department of the Government.
Mr. CORBETT. Is this for the Agricul-
tural Department or for all public buildings.
Mr. COLE. It should apply to all.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not tfcink it was the
intention originally to apply the law to public
buildings.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, striking out the words which
have been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, sec-
tion two, line twenty-five, in the appropriation
for the custom-house at St. Paul, Minnesota,
to strike out the words " together with any
unexpended balances which are, or would
otherwise be, covered into the Treasury under
existing laws."
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope those words will
not be stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They oughtto be stricken
out. It is just what we have done all through.
Mr. RAMSEY. You cannot possibly get
along without those unexpended balances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then increase your appro-
priations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, sec-
tion two, line thirty-four, to add to the clause
making appropriation for the custom-house
and post office at New York the following,
proviso:
Provided, That the plana, estimate, and expendi-
tures for this object shall be so made that in no
event shall the total cost of said building exceed
the sum herein named.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, section
two, line thirty-nine, in the clause making an
appropriation for post office and court-house at
Omaha, Nebraska,-to strike out the words
"together with any unexpended balance here-
tofore appropriated."
Mr. THAYER. I hope that amendment
will not be concurred in.
Mr. COLE. It would be better policy if
there are any unexpended balances to turn
them into the Treasury under the_ general law,
and then increase the appropriations. Under
the language of the clause as it now stands it
is impossible to know what the amount of the
appropriation is. It appropriates $50,000,
u together with any unexpended balance here*
tofore appropriated." We do not know whether
that is $1,000, or $100,000, or $500,000 ; no
one can tell. It is certainly a very improper
method of appropriating the money of the
Treasury. I hope we shall reform such abuses
as that, or such opportunities for abuse, and
not render ourselves liable to the criticisms of
our enemies.
Mr. THAYER. I hope this amendment'will
not prevail. The reason why there is an un-
expended balance is because the Legislature
did not at once cede the jurisdiction over the
lots which were given to the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, line
thirty-eight, to strike out the word "other"
before the word "respect."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, sec-
tion two, line forty-five, to insert the word
" total" before the words " ultimate cost."
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 46, sec-
tion two, after line fifty-three to insert " for
protection of Treasury building on Fifteenth
street, and repairs of sidewalk, $19,816 29."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 46, sec-
tion two, line sixty-eight, in the appropriation
for a site and building for a custom-house and
post office at Machias, Maine, to strike out the
words "the unexpended balance of" before
"$20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 46, sec-
tion two, after line seventy to strike out the
clause "to complete the construction of the
custom-house building in Portland, Maine,
$42,833 99."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 46, sec-
tion two, after line seventy-two to strike out
the clause "for the preparation and furniture
of an additional court-room in the court-house
at Williamsport, for the accommodation of the
United States courts, $3,000."
Mr. SCOTT. I will inquire upon what
ground that is proposed to be stricken out?
Mr. COLE. I might respond by asking upon
what ground it is put in. We can find no
authority for it and no reason for it. It is
not in the estimates. It must have been put
in at the suggestion of some individual, but
for what.reason I do not know, nor were the
committee able to ascertain.
Mr. SCOTT. I was informed by the Rep-
resentative from that district that the esti
mate was laid before the House committee. I
know the fact that the United States courts are
held in that court-house, and they need some .
improvements there for the purpose of accom-
modating the courts. The western district of
Pennsylvania is now so organized that court
is held in three places—Pittsburg, Williams-
port, and Erie. No appropriation has ever
yet been made for the United States court at
Williamsport, and it is, as I am informed,
necessary that this should be done.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will adhere
to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 46, sec-
tion two, after line seventy-five to strike out
the clause "for repairs of the Government
building for custom-house at Sandusky, Ohio,
$10,000."
Mr. COLE. That sum was put into the
deficiency bill to-day. It ought not to have
been put there, but it was urged with such
persistence that it was successful and it got
into that bill, and therefore it should, of course,
be stricken out here.
The amendment was agreed t .
The next amendment was on page 47, sec-
tion three, line two, to strike out the words
" not to be covered into the Treasury under
existing law, nox until hereafter specifically
ordered."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 47, sec-
tion three, line ten, in the appropriation for
Halfway Rock light-station, to strike out the
