1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
keeping as to consent that the ballot, the
highest privilege of the people and the high-
est security of the Republic, should not be
sheltered bv the sanction of wise and just
national legislation, and approved and up-
held by themselves. Mr. Speaker, I call for
a vote upon the amendment and upon the
substitute.
The SPEAKER. The first question isupon
the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. finkelnburg] to the substitute
for the bill under consideration.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is it in order for me to
offer an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the House
has ordered that the vote shall be now taken.
The amendment moved by Mr. finkelx-
bcrg was to strike out of the twelfth section
of the substitute the following:
And to require the commanding officer of the near-
est United States military or naval force to detail
a«d furnish forthwith a sufficient portion of such
military or naval lore© to enable the said marshal or
his deputies to discharge their duties under this act
and the act hereby amended. And it shall be the
d uty of such commanding officer, upon such requisi-
tion being made, to obeyit withoutdelay, and forth-
with to detail and employ the military or navalforce
of theUnited States under his command in the aid of
said marshal or his said deputies, and under the direc-
tion of the said marshal, or any or either of such of
his deputies as are herein empowered to make such
requisition, to such extent as maybe necessary to
enable said marshal or his deputies to perform all
the duties imposed on them by this act or the act
hereby amended.
So that the section, if so amended, will read
as follows:
Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, That the marshal,
or his genera! deputies, or such special deputies as
shall be thereto specially empowered by him, in
writing, and under his hand and seal, whenever he
or his said general deputies or his special deputies,
or either or any of them, shall be foieibly resisted
in executing tbeir duties under this act, or the act
hereby amended, or thall, by violence, threats, or
menaces, be prevented from executing such duties,
or from arresting any person or peisonswho shall
commit any offense for which said marshal or his
general or his special deputies are authorized to
make such arrest, are, and each of them is hereby,
empowered to summon and call to his or their aid
the bystanders or posse comitatue of his district.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to. I
The bill, as amended, was then otdered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. COX and Mr. ELDRIDGE called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then takeu; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 144, nays C4,
not voting 32j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Beatty. Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Bethune. Bingham, Blair, Boles,
George M. Brooks. Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. • Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Ciark, Sidney Clarke,
Arnasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cook, Cowles, Cullom, Darrall, Degener, Joseph
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, El a, Pcr-
riss, Ferry  Finkelnburg, fisher, Garfield, Gii-
fill&B, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hays, Hill,
Hoar, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchki.-=s, Jenekes, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey, Lafim, Lash, Law-
rence, Logan, Long, Loucrhridge. Lynch, Mavnard,
McCarthy. McCrary, MeG-rew. MeKec, McKerme,
Mercur, JSliakira H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morey, Morphia, Daniel Jk Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negb'y, Xew?ham,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Halbert K. Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Hoots, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Woithinston 0. j
Smith. Starkweather, Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Sypher.Tanner,Tay- j
lor, Tillinau. Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upton, ;
Yan Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Oadwala- ,
der C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, I
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, I
Williams, John T.Wilson, Witcber, and Wolf— 141,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Axtell. Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dickey, Dickinson, Duke, Eldridge, Fox.Uetz,
Gibson, Griswold, Haight, llaldeman, JEambicton,
Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Holman, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Marshall, May-
ham, McCormick, McNeely, Morgan, Morrissey,
Niblack, William W. Paine, Potter, Price, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, Rogers. Schumaker, Sherrod, Sho-
ber, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone. Stra-
der, Swann, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Youmg—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell,
Banks, Barnum, Benton, Bowen, Boyd, Burchard,
Cake, Cleveland, Corker, Dawes, Nathan F. Dixon,
Dox, Farnsworth, Fitch, Heflin, Hoge, Ingersoll,
Alexander H. Jones, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott,
Milnes, Mongen, Packer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Swee-
ney, Taffe, Winans, and Winchester—32.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GETZ said : The gentl email from Ala-
bama [Mr. Dox] is still confined to his room
by illness. If present he would vote "no."
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN TEUItlXOBIAL GOVERNMENT.
Mr. VAN HORN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Indian
Affairs and the Committee on Territories a
bill for the consolidation of the Indian tribes
and the establishment of a system of govern-
ment in the Indian territory, and that the
same be ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
No objection was made ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 3044) was received, read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. bab-
cock, one of his secretaries ; and also a mes-
sage announcing that he had approved and
signed bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles :
An act (H. R. No. 1829) granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of I
1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers ; j
An act (H. R. No. 2911) to provide for j
taking testimony to be used in the Depart- |
rnents; j
An act (H. R. No. 1274) for the relief of j
Mrs. Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet ,
Brigadier General John L. Gardner ; j
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 285) infavorof 1
Joshua Bishop, late lieutenant commander of j
the United States Navy ; and ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 209) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to credit and pay the
claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal citizen
of Tennessee.
repeal of test-oaxii.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States :
To the Sciuiis and House of Representatives :
I h&vo this day transmitted to the Senate the
announcement that Senate bill No. 218, an a';t
prescribing an oath of office to be taken by persons
ivho participated in the late rebellion, but who arc
not disqualified from holding olHec by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
Stares has become a law in the manner proscribed
by the Constitution, without the signature of the
President.
It this were a billforthe repeal of the " test-oath"'
required of persons "elected or appointed to offices
of honoror trust" it would meet my approval. The
effect of the law. however, is to relieve from takm?
a prescribed oath all those persons whom it was in-
tended to exclude Irom such offices and to require it
from all others. 33y this law thesoidier who iousht
and bled for his country is to swear to his loyalty
before assuming official functions, while the general
who commanded hosts for the overthrow of his Gov-
ernment is admitted to'place without it. I cannot
affix my name to a law which diserimiontes against
the upholder of his (xoverment. I believe, however,
that it is not wise policy to keep Ironi oliieo b\ an
oath those who aro not disqualified by the Constitu-
tion and who aro the choice of legal voters. Bu:
while relieving them from an oath which they can-
not take, X recommend the release also of those to
whom the oath has no application.
1J. S. GRANT.
I'A'KCrrlVE MiN'STON", Fehrvttry 15,-1871.
The message wag ordered to be printed, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
^Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (U. R. 2536) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872; and
Aix act (H. R. No. 2996) to authorize the
Worthington National Bank of Cooperstown,
New York, to change its name and location.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a joint resolution of the follow-
ing title ; when the Speaker signed the same :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) author
izingwater-ganges to be established and observ-
ations to be made upon the Mississippi river
and its principal tributaries, with a view to ,
obtaining information required for the protec-
tion of the alluvial lands against overflow, and
for the improvement of navigation.
WITHDRAWAL OF.PAPERS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH asked and obtained
unanimous consent to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the memorial and papers
in the case of Charles Willard, asking compen-
sation for inventing the dating and canceling
stamp.
Mr. PLATT asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have withdrawn from the files of the
House certain papers in the case of Emily C.
Bryant.
Mr. CESSNA asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the
files of the House the petition and papers of
Mrs. Christiana Armel, praying for a pension.
internal improvements,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the pro-
posed improvement of the Coosa and Washita
rivers, and the l: Hog's Back" in the Sac-
ramento river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed
av. r. adair.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting
papers relative to the claim of W. P. Adair, of
the Cherokee delegation ; which was referred
to- the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
osage INDIAN?, KANSAS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the Osage indiatts in Kansas; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
seat, laid before the House a communication
from I'ne Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the Osage Indian lands in Kansas; which
was reierred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. and ordered to be printed.
" r.LAOK bob"' INDIANS, KANSAS. ■
The SPCAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
!<> I ib condition of the "Black Bob" band of
Sh.iivnee Indians in Kansas: which was
ret erred to the Committee ou Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
bridge across ohio uivek.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
