1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
incompetent, and supernumerary clerks if we had no
connection vtith their appointment ? "
And then lie goes on subsequently to say :
" This bill, if passed, will have the effect to render
theDepartments independent. It will make the head
of every Department responsible for the appoint-
ments which he makes, and 110 Secretary will then
venture to have in his employ double the number of
clerks required. Congress wijl hold him responsible
when the responsibility is put upon him."
Here we have the broad statement made in
the Senate of the United States that there are
here in the Departments of this Government
more than twice as many clerks as are needed
to do the business. I regard that as a very
injurious statement. It is one that will excite
and alarm the country. It will lead the coun-
try to believe that everything is corrupt; that
everything is rotten in the administration of
this Government in this capital. And now I
ask the question, is it true? 1 submit that the
Senator is mistaken ; that it is not true. There
is not, in my opinion, five per cent, of it true;
the evidence cannot be found to establish its
truth. Sir, it is a direct imputation of corrup-
tion and of weakness upon every Secretary,
upon every head of bureau, upon everybody in
this Government that has the appointing power,
and it ought not to be sent forth to alarm and
to excite the country unless it can be substan-
tiated. If the Senator can produce the evi-
dence of this let the country have it, and let
those mem who are placed in charge of these
Departments be held responsible, and be con-
demned by Congress and by the people.
But, sir, it is a grave and serious charge, that
ought not to be made unless it can be substan-
tiated, and I give my opinion here that not five
per cent, of it is true, and perhaps not two per
cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from the article
of the ex-Secretary of the Interior, in which he
states the fact that a moiety of the clerks could
perform the duties. I gave my authority for
my statement, and I would also give the Sen-
ator another. It was stated by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] I think at the last
session when this subject was up—it will be
found in the Globe—I think his expression
was that there were twice, certainly- that there
were many more clerks, and everybody knew
it, than were required to perform the duties in
the Departments. And I may say, although
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlax] is in his
seat and can answer for himself, that I think
if the Senator from Indiana will inquire of the
Senator from Iowa, who presided over one of
the Departments, he will corroborate the state-
ment.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask the Senator from
Illinois a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Of course.
Mr. NYE. Is not the number of clerks in
the Departments prescribed by law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is; but the
Senator will understand that the pressure of
Congressmen makes it necessary to increase
the number beyond the necessary amount;
Congressman after Congressman asks for one
more, and in that way we provide for twice as
many as are necessary.
Mr. NYE. Would it not be better to strike
out from the law the requisition as to the num-
ber of clerks, and leave it discretionary with
the heads of Departments to employ as many
as were needed? Would not that be a better
remedy than to provide for putting us in prison ?
Mr. TRUMB ULL. I think the Senator from
Nevada will probably be able to keep out of
the penitentiary. He has been able to do so
thus far, and I think he is in no particular
danger now in that respect.
Mr. NYE. My apprehension was not for
myself, but for my distinguished friend from
Illinois. [Laughter.} I think if the files of
the Departments were consulted quite as many
of his recommendation would be found there
as of anybody else's.
Mr, MORTON. I do not know whether
the last remark made by the Senator from
Nevada is correct or not, that there are as
many clerks in the Departments recommended
by the Senator from Illinois as there are rec-
ommended by anybody else, but I will suggest
to him a better remedy for this evil that he
complains of, if it be an evil, than legislation ;
aud that is, to teach by example.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me say that I have
adopted the plan I propose for myself. I
think the Senator cannot find within a year or
two a recommendation of mine for a clerk in
any Department.
Mr. MORTON. "A year or two ! "
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not pretend to be
better than other people, I would have the
Senator from Indiana and the Senator from
Nevada both understand. If I made recom-
mendations while this system prevailed it
would be a mere personal matter; and it would
not change the force of the argument if I had
recommended a thousand.
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire to make it
a personal matter to the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But, in point of fact, I
have abstained from making any recommenda-
tions for many years.
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire, of course,
to make this a question personal to the Senator,
and it was only with reference to what was said
by the Senator from Nevada that I made the
remark which called the Senator from Illinois
to his feet. But I come back to the other ques-
tion of the charge made by the Senator from
Illinois, that there are more than twice the num-
ber of clerks employed in these Departments
than are necessary to do the business. The
Senator now says that he made that statement
on the authority of the late Secretary of the
Interior, Mr. Cox.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In part.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator adopts the
statement; he makes it himself two or three
times. The evidence of the Secretary may
have been sufficient to his mind, but he makes
the statement upon his own authority and sends
it forth to the country.
I have not read all the extracts from the arti-
cle of the late Secretary ot' the Interior, pub-
lished in the North American Review : but I
take it for granted that the Secretary made the
statement which the Senator says he did make.
1 know that the late Secretary ofthe Interiorhas
got considerable reputation lately upon the
subject of civil service reform. According to
the extracts read from his article in the North
American Review he has set up for himself a
very high standard of morality upon this sub-
ject. 1 wish now in this connection simply to
call attention to one statement that I obtained
from the Interior Department this morning.
Of course the late Secretary Cox, entertain-
ing the opinions that he did, would not allow
the request of a Senator or Representative
to induce h>m to put a clerk in the Interior
Department who was not needed. We must
infer that he—and that is what he claims—
attempted to inaugurate a reform, in which he
was encountered, as he says in his letter of
resignation, by the politicians. x\.nd we must
infer that while he remained there he acted up
to his convictions and would not allow a Sen-
ator or Representative to dictate to him the
appointment of clerks who were not needed.
Mr. SCHU11Z. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. May it not be just possible
that by the experience of the abuses going on
there he gradually formed his convictions?
Mr. MORTON. lie should reject the ap-
pointment of a clerk when he first went there
if he was informed and believed that clerk was
not needed. A statement furnished to me this
morning by the Interior Department, to prove
the difference between theory and practice,
shows that when Mr. Cox went in, in March,
18G9, there were six hundred and eighty-nine
clerks in that Department, and on the 1st of
November, 1870, shortly after he left, and
before his successor entered ujson his duties,
there were six hundred and eighty-eigh t. I
suppose the other mail had died; I have not
inquired as to that. And yet we are told that
there are in the Departments as many clerks
again as are required to do the business; and
in his Department there was just one less when
he left than when he went there, twenty, months
before!
Now, sir, I repeat my utter incredulity in
regard to this statement; and I submit that it
is grossly injurious to every Cabinet officer, to
every head of a bureau who is charged with
these appointments. 1 repeat my declaration,
that I do not believe there are five per cent.,
or even three per cent., more than are required
by the business in the Departments. But sup-
pose there are, I ask how this will remedy it?
The Cabinet officers now are not bound to
appoint a man because anybody recommends
him. It is a matter of their own choice. If
they do it, they do it not by coercion, but
because they choose to do it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator^ from
Indiana permit me to make a suggestion to
him on the question of the number of persons
who are employed?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a subject which
I have had occasion to examine hitherto in
other connections of public duty. I have mot
read the communication in the North Ameri-
can Review, which has been referred to, of
the gentleman who was lately Secretary of the
Interior ; but I take it that what he must mean,
if he is not beside himself, is not what my
friend from Indiana supposes or what my friend
from Illinois seems to have supposed, that
reducing the number of clerks one half, and
then putting them to work upon the same
principles that they now work, would accom-
plish the public business; because that is per-
fectly absurd. But what he must have meant,
if he understood what he was talking about—
which 1 do not attempt to assert or deny—was
this, which has some force in it, as I think,
judging from my own experience in making
investigations in some of the Departments: it
these Departments were conducted upon the
same business principles that a man's private
establishment is conducted, in employing a
clerk, or a cashier, or a porter, who has to
get up at daylight and sweep out the store,
and begin work, and go to his breakfast, and
go to his dinner, and come back and work
until evening, and work in the evening for his
own interest and that ot' the employer, as a
competent and skillful and well-paid person
does in private employment, then I think it is
true that if you would raise the salaries nearly
double, and employ the very best class of men
that could be got for those salaries, and have
them begin in the morning and work till even-
ing, and work at night, as they would in private
business, one half the number of persons, or
two thirds, possibly three fourths—certainly a
much less number—could do the work. But
no public Department has yet found in any
country that you could carry on public business
in that way ; though I do not know that it could
not be done. If he means that, it is quite a
different thing from what my friend from Indi-
ana supposes. If he means anything else it
is absurd.
Mr. MORTON. I have not seen that part
of the Secretary's article which makes this
statement. The Senator from Illinoisha3. But
the statement is made by the Senator from
Illinois that there are in number more than
double the force of clerks required to do the
business, because members of Congress dictate
the appointments. The proposition now pre-
sented by the Senator from Vermont is not
even referred to or broached by the Senator
from Illinois, not what might be accomplished
by a change of system requiring men to work
more hours; but it is simply the question of
number, taking the hours to be the same.
