1871.
THE COIsTGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
prisonerswho fell into the bands of the enemy,
as well as the confederate soldiers. As a mem-
ber of the Committee on Claims, 1 know that
there have been presented to that committee
the claims of probably thirty loyal ladies who
left their homes in the North, and, moved
by their sympathies, expended, in many in-
stances, their own private means in alleviating
the sufferings of our soldiers, and in every
instance the committee, as a matter of prin-
ciple, have deemed that it would be impolitic
to commit the Government to payment for
services voluntarily rendered, no matter how
meritorious they may be; and in those cases
the principle was not involved of paying for
property actually destroyed in conflict.
These are the two questions which are pre-
sented : first, shall we pay for property actu-
ally destroyed by the operations of the Army
in battle ; and, second, shall we set up the
principle of compensation to all people who
voluntarily furnished supplies and nursed our
soldiers during the rebellion. This case, how-
ever, is not even as strong a case as was the
case of the loyal nurses who went into the
Army and nursed our own soldiers, because it
is admitted in this statement of the case that
these people nursed indiscriminately both rebel
and Union soldiers. I do not wish to take
up time in discussing it, but thisJs the case.
Mr, SAWYER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has chosen to regard this as a claim.
It is not so at all. The ladies in whose be-
half tliis amendment is proposed do not put
it at all upon the ground of claim. It is simply
a recognition by the Congress of the United
States of the services of these ladies to our
wounded and sick prisoners at the time when
their own building, their orphan asylum, was
being battered down by our guns. It is not
claimed that a single bouse which was battered
down in the city of Charleston is liable to be
paid for by the United States. I do not sup-
pose that anybody on this floor claims any
such thing. They were the accidents of war.
But here are a body of ladies whose business
it is to take care of orpljans, whose orphans
were turned out of the house which they in-
habited by the fact that we were bombard-
ing the town of Charleston, and their house
was thereby rendered uninhabitable, and these
ladies at the same time were devoting them-
selves to kind offices for our prisoners. This
is simply an act of grace, but it is also a grace-
ful act; and it is a very ungraceful and ungra-
cious act, it seems to me, to make any oppo-
sition to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idonotknow
but that this amendment commends itself to
the charitable feelings of the Senate; but it is
an old acquaintance. When I was a member
of the Committee on Claims, I believe I made
a report myself against it as a claim. The
papers as they were first presented here were
in the form of a recommendation of these Sis-
ters of Mercy to the charitable people of the
North for contributions. When they arrived
here they concluded to present a claim, which
was sent to the Committee on Claims, and from
that committee it was reported back adversely.
My own impression is that it is a strong claim
for charity; but if it is presented in any other
form I do not know upon what basis it can
Mr. ABBOTT. The simple fact about this
proposition to pay this sum to these Sisters of
Mercy is this: they lost their building, which
was a public charity, in consequence of the
bombardment of Charleston.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or the rebellion, one or
the other.
Mr. ABBOTT. I was in the vicinity at the
time and in sight of the whole operation. To
ray certain knowledge these sisters, while their
buildings were being battered down by our
shots, were relieving our own soldiers, many
of them from New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
and other States. I have always regretted that
Congress was tardy in paying, not this claim,
if you do not choose to call it a claim, but in
reimbursing them for their losses under the
circumstances. I do not believe there, is a
soldier who knew anything of the circum-
stances at the time but would cordially indorse
this appropriation, and I think any inan of
sense, when he comes to think of it, will do
the same thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that for the re-
mainder of the session the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to enforce the rules as to admission
into this Chamber, and to regard the marble
room as a part of the Chamber. We have found
at the end of every session, having a lax con-
struction of the rules, that it is a great annoy-
ance to every Senator. I think in the pressure
of the last hours of the session we ought to be
let alone, as the saying is. I therefore make
that motion.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Is a motion
necessary ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps it is as to the
marble room, into which people are admitted
on anybody's invitation,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves that for the remain-
der of this session the marble room bo con-
sidered a part of this Chamber, and persons
not entitled to the floor be excluded therefrom
during the remainder of the session.
Mr. TIPTON. Will that save the marble
room from being a smoking-room, as it is now
made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For all ex-
cept Senators. [Laughter.]
Mr. TIPTON. I find that the smoke is
offensive t,o ladies.
Mr. WILSON. It will save us from lobby-
ing; that is the main thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will enforce the order. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina [Mb. Sawsteb] to the
appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that I
have come to the conclusion, after reading the
testimony in the case, that this appropriation
ought to pass. I do not wish to take up time
here to-night by advocating it; but it is recom-
mended by some of the bravest and best men
in the service of the country, and I believe
that it ought to pass, and I shall vote for it
most heartily and cheerfully.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am quite sure that
if the Senators understood this measure as I
think I understand it there would not be a
dissenting voice to this amendment. These
Sisters of Mercy ask an appropriation for the
purpose of restoring their building, which our
shells battered down. These Sisters of Mercy,
as has been well said, while our shells were
battering down their building and putting them
out of doors, were ministering to Union sol-
diers. Sir, if they saved the life of a single
Union soldier it is an ample price for the
appropriation asked for by this amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to say that
I believe this ought to pass. I shall vote for i t,
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better take
the sense of the Senate whether we shall go on
with these amendments. The bill has been
read through and the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations passed upon. I think
now we had better have the sense of the Sen-
ate whether we will adjourn or whether we will
continue to put on these amendments. I have
several, and I know other Senators have; and
for the sake of taking the sense of the Senate
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask to present an
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. If any amendments are
to be presented let them be received and be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present an amend-
ment to this bill to be printed and referred to
the Committee on Appropriation?. • ;
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to present an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It wjll b$
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and printed. .1 ...
Mr. COLE. I hope we may not adjourn
until we get this bill reported to the Senate.
I hope we shall do that much at least.
Mr. POMEROY. It cannot be reported
to-night. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. NYE. I have two or three amendments
to present. Is it necessary to present them
now? ["It is."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 24. ,
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The tac-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to strike, out in
the sixth line after "dollars" the wordg "to
be expended under the direction of Sister M.
Xavier in rebuilding their orphan asylum in
said city." I want to strike oat the clause in
regard to rebuilding. Let them have the money
without this direction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The gaes-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendme jt was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. EDMONDS. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That in consideration of the services rendered by
the Sisters of Our Lady ot Mercy, of Gharlffiton,
South Carolina., to the sick and wounded Union offi-
cers and soldiers while said eity was under bombard-
ment daring the war, there be paid to them oat of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated the sum of $20,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly am surprised
at the pertinacity with which the Senator from
South Carolina presses this amendment oa this
bill. . He cannot fail to know that this is a.
private claim, that has been presented inthis
body as a private claim, that has been, referred
to the Committee on Claims asaprivatealaSm,
that has been reported upon adversely as a
private claim, and which, on its innate 'merits,
aside from the impropriety of undertaking to
decide it on this bill to carry on the Govern-
ment., is a claim of doubtful propriety. Not
that I mean to make any complaint of the con-
duct of these people during the war; but. on
their own statement, they did the same thi g,
and nothing more, that the women of Ver-
mont did, that the ladies of New York did, that
the ladies of Illinois, or wherever mercy and
charity have a placein theheartof women,.and
that is everywhere, did. They happen to.have
been the proprietors of a hospital of. mercy,
and as the ministers of mercy they took into
that hospital rebels and Union men alike, ac-
knowledging a common humanity; and where
is the hospital in the country that has notdone
the same thing ? It is then the simple ease of
people who had property in the southern States
that in a great warfere suffered by the bombard-
ment of a great oity which was resisting the
execution of law. That is all there is to it.
All the rest-is extraneous and fictitious, in the
sense of its being a special claim upon the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I qnite
agree with the Senator from Vermont that
these worthy women have done no more than
other charitable women have done in Vermont,
in New York, in Ohio, in Illinois, and else-
where; but has the house of those other chari-
table women been destroyed by war? Before
yon get a parallel, find the house of a woman
in Vermont that was- -devoted to charitable
purposes, that received the soldier of either
army, only looking to the fact that he was a
hitman being suffering. What house of any
