1286
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
bridges across the Ohio river; which was
refenred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, relative to
an appropriation for the benefit of the Potta-
watomie Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and' ordered to
be printed.
MAIL SERVICE TO BRAZIL.
Mr. COX. 1 ask unanimous consent that
the bill introduced by me yesterday to provide
additional mail service to Brazil, in consider-
ation of increased income from duties, be
ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
TRANSATLANTIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, ihtro-
duced a bill (fi. R. No. 3043) to incorporate
the European and American Telegraph Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. SHOBER and Mr. ROOTS obtained
leave of absence for this evening's session.
GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. COOK presented the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (S. No. 594)
to provide a government for the District of
Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] desire action on this
report now?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Oh, no; let
us adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
ten days since the House ordered that there
should be a session this evening at half past
seven o'clock, to be devoted to the consider-
ation of reports from the Committee on the
Judiciary. If the House should now take its
recess this conference report will not come
up this evening. It would come up to-mor-
row morning immediately after the reading
of the Journal but for the fact that the reso-
lutions relative to the disturbances at West
Point will take precedence.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, is there any
time at which an appropriation bill can be
considered by this House? [Laughter.]
Mr. COOK. I ask unauimous consent that
this conference report may be considered to-
morrow immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. This report is now before
the House; it is highly privileged and will come
up immediately after the disposition of the
West Point matter, which is now under the
operation of the previous question and must
be acted on before any other business.
Mr. ROOTS. Will not the Committee for
the District of Columbia have the floor for
nearly the whole day next Friday ?
The SPEAKER. This ianot a report from
the Committee for the District of Columbia;
it is a conference report.
Mr. COOK. I ask that the report be ordered
to be .printed in the Globe.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
the printing of the report in the Globe. Let
it be printed in bill form.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the report will be ordered to be printed in the
ordinary form.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNS-
WORTII, (at four o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.,) the House took a recess till half past
seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., Mr. Scofield in the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The hour
of half past seven having arrived, the House-
resumes its session. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
TONNAGE ADMEASUREMENT.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicatc to this House at his earliest
convenience:
1. What, if any, equality of tonnage admeasure-
ment exists between American vessels and those of
other maritime nations.
2. What, if any, inequality of tonnage dues, port
charges, or other like exactions in American or for-
eign ports exists between American and foreign
shipping, arising from any difference in the mode of
calculating tonnage admeasurement.
3. What, if any, legislation is necessary to relieve
American shipping^from the burden of such in-
equality and expense.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3045) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof;" which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM LEAHY.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back the petition
of citizens of Pittsylvania county, Virginia,
praying for investigation into the coifduct of
Major General E. R. S. Canby, in regard to
the appointment of William Leahy as sheriff
of Pittsylvania county, Virginia, and for relief
for the amount of said Leahy's defalcation as
sheriff of said county ; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
PAY OF ELECTION OFFICERS.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also, from the same
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. i
2603) to provide for the pay of the election ;
officers appointed by the judges of the circuit !
courts of the United States in cities having
upward of twenty thousand inhabitants, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
election officers appointed heretofore, and to
be appointed by the judges of the circuit
courts of the United States, to serve in cities
having upward of twenty thousand inhabit-
ants, shall be paid at the rate of five dollars a
day for each day's service at the polls in the
discharge of the duties prescribed in section
five of an act to amend the naturalization laws,
and to punish crimes against the same, and
for other purposes. And it shall be the duty
of the judge making the appointment to allow
the same at the next term of the court held
after the election in that circuit.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. These officers were
appointed in pursuauce of law, but no provis-
ion was made for their pay, and as they have
performed this duty uuder the law they are
entitled to pay, and that is all which this bill
does. It provides only for those who have
heretofore served, those who may hereafter
serve being provided for in another place.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have just come in, and
I should like to know who these officers are
for whom this pay is provided.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. It provides for the
pay of election officers, one from each party,
appointed by the judges of the circuit courts
of the United States to serve in cities having
upward of twenty thousand inhabitants.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Loughridge,] my colleague on the
committee, will remember that it was under-
stood by the House at the time of the passage
of this law that these officers were not to cost
the Government anything. There was no pro-
vision in the bill for their pay. They rendered
no sort of service to the Government. They
were a nuisance, botfi to the country and to
the party they were appointed from ; and they
were not appointed from both political parties,
and the gentleman from Iowa well knows that
fact. They are entitled to no pay, and it will
be a disgrace to thi3 Government to pay them
one single cent.
Mr. McNEELY. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether this bill does not pro-
vide for the payment of those who may be
appointed hereafter.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I desire to say in
reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] that I know of no such understand-
ing as that he refers to. It would be indeed a
singular understanding in appointing gentle-
men to do certain duties that we should pay
them nothing for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was said that the bill
would involve no expense. The gentleman
must remember that.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I remember nothing
of the kind.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And he must know an-
other fact, that these men, who were the polit-
ical hacks and agents of a party, might be
expected to serve the party without pay just
as any politician gets his reward in the success
of his party. And these men devoted them-
selves with the same assiduity and the sasna
hopes and expectations as those with which
the gentleman from Iowa devoted himself to
the service of his party during past elections.
They got their reward in the success of their
party, and they are no more deserving of pay
than the gentleman himself is deserving of pay
for electioneering in his own district or hi&
own State.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I will do so after
saying that I know these men were appointed
under our authority. They served by direc-
tion of act of Congress, and they have a right
to their pay. I now yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Indiana. [Mr. Cobcux.]
Mr. COB URN. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] in his
statement of facts. It is a fact within my
own knowledge that the officers appointed by
the judges of the United States conns v,ero
of opposite political parties, and that they
were selected by the opposite political parties.
In my own State the central committees of
each party met together and selected their
men and sent their names to the judges of the
United States courts, who made the appoint-
ments. I desire also to correct the gentleman
in another respect. It was not said or under-
stood at the time the law passed that these
men should serve for nothing, or that the law
had for its object the appointment of men who
should act in a purely voluntary capacity.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me say to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. CoBUtxJ that 1ns
understanding may have been what he has
stated, but the understanding which I had,
and which those gentlemen on this side of the
House with whom I have consulted had, was
that this bill was to involve no expense to the
Government; that these weie supervisors to
take charge of the polls without any cost or
expense to the Government. And let me say
further, as regards the character of the men
appointed, that I would refer him to what was
said by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] in regard to the selection of the super-
visors in that city.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I rose when the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Coburx] got the floor to
reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge.] The same course was adopted in
Philadelphia as ha3 been stated by the gentle-
