1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
man with reference to Indiana. These officers
were appointed by the joint action of both
political parties. And I know it to be a fact
that in that city most of the men who were
appointed were not cognizant of their appoint-
ment until they were notified of the fact. They
were not party hacks, nor were they such men
as any gentleman on this floor need hesitate
a moment to associate with. They sat side by
side with the regular election officers who
were authorized to be appointed under the
laws of the State of Pennsylvania, and who
received compensation for their services.
Throughout that city, in two thirds, I think,
of its three hundred election districts, these
officers were appointed by the agreement of
the two parties to superintend the voting in
each of those election districts.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to ask my
colleague from Philadelphia by whom these
supervisors of election were appointed ?
Mr. O'NEILL. They were appointed by
the circuit judge of the United States, after a
conference had been held by the committees of
both political parties and an agreement bad
been made as to the men who should have the
appointments and should be present at the
polls in the districts for which they were
appointed. That was the history of it there.
It was done with perfect fairness, and I never
heard a complaint from either party as to the
manner in which these officers discharged their
duties.
Mr. WOODWARD. Were they appointed
by Judge Cadwalader?
Mr. O'NEILL. No; by the circuit judge.
Mr. WOODWARD. Was it Judge Strong?
Mr. O'NEILL. No ; they were appointed
by Judge McKennan of the circuit court. The
names were presented to the judge by the com-
mittees of the two parties.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I now move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment more?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I think the gentle-
man has talked as long as any of us.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, then, if the gen-
tleman will not yield I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. It makes no differ-
ence to me. I ask the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 hope it will not be
seconded. We have passed a bill to' day which,
if it passes the Senate and becomes a law, will
cost this Government more than five million
dollars to pay these same political agents, and,
as I style them, "political-hacks."
Mr. "ilcCOli.MICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman from Iowa a question.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I will yield for a
question.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does this
bill provide only for payment for services
already rendered or does it provide for ser-
vices hereafter to be rendered?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. For services already
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. It is not
prospective at all?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. It simply provides
for the payment of men who have done the
work and have a right for their pay. I insist
on the demand for the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes 65, noes
26 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldbidge
'and Lovghiudgb were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 96, noes 26.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr, N1 BLACK. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Then I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Indiana insist on his demand for
the reading of the engrossed bill ?
Mr. NlfiLACK. I do, most rigidly and
severely. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on Mr. Holman's
motion; and there were—ayes 28, noes 70;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Loughrtdge were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 19, noes 103.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I now withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 123, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Beek, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Conner,
Cos, Crebs, Dickinson, Duke, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Gnswold, Haight, Ilaldeman, Hamiil.HoImao, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Mar-
shall, Mayham, MeCormick, McNeely, Niblack,
Randall, Reeves, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith. Stiles,
Strader, Swann, Trimble, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wells. Eugene M.Wilson, Woodward, and Young—47.
NAYiS— Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Butiinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Arnasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cook, Cowlcs, Cullom, Degener, Donley, Duval,
Forriss, Ferry, Finkclnburg, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins. Ilawley. Hay, Hays,
Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham. Laflin,
Lawrence, Logan, Long, Loughridje, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCrary, Mc&rew, McKee, McKeimc,
Meronr, EliakimH. Moore. Jesse H.Moore, William
Moore, Morpbis, Daniel J. Morreli, Myers, 0 Neill,
Orth, Packard, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Peters. Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scoficld, Shanks, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Sypher, Tanner, Tillman,
Townsend. Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van H yck,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker. Wheeler,
Whitmore, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Witcher, and Wolf—123.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Barnnm,
Benton. Bethuue, Bowen, Roderick R.Butler, Cake,
Cleveland, Corker, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Joseph
Dixon, Nsthan F. Dixon, Doekery, Dox, Dyer, lila,
Farnsworth, Fitcb, Garfield. Gibson, Hambleton,
Heflin, Hill Iioge, Holmes, Ingersoll, Julian. Kel-
ley, Knapp, Knott, Lash, Lynch, Milnes, Morey,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill. Mornssey, Mumu'n,
Negley, Newsham, Packer, William W. Paine, Pot-
ter, Price, Rainey., Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Lionel
A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, Shober, Sloeum, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stone, Sweeney, TafFe, Taylor,
Van Auken. Van Horn, Wallace, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Whitcley, Wilkinson, Winans, Win-
chester, and Wood—70.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A- message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed without amendment a
bill of the House of the following title :
A bill {H. R. No. "2792) to change the times
for holding the district and circuit courts of
the United States at Erie, Pennsylvania.
The message farther announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon a bill entitled as follows:
A bill (S. No. 594) to provide a government
for the District of Columbia.
fees of district attorneys. '*
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I have been instruct-
ed by tiie Committee on the Judiciary to report
back, with a substitute, House bill No. 2847,
to regulate the fees of attorneys and solicitors
in the circuit and district courts of the United
States, with a recommendation that the same
do pass.
The substitute, which was read, was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That there shallbe allowed to the district attorneys
of the United States two per cent, upon all sums of
money colleetcd by them upon judgments in favor of
the United States and paid into the Treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
unlawful for any clerk of any district or eireuitcourt
of the United States to practice as attorney or be of
counsel or take any fee or compensation as attorney
or counsel in any case pending before the court of
which he is such clerk.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. JUDD. What are the present fees of
district attorneys, and what change does this
bill make?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The only change is
to give district attorneys a compensation of
two per cent, upon all judgments collected by
them and paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. JLTDD. What do they get now ?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. They get nothing now.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Theyget their
trial fees for their time.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE.- In some districts of
this country, especially in California and in
some other districts, the district attorneys do
not get enough compensation to live upon ;
there is no doubt about that. Another consid-
eration is that if we give the district attorneys
two per cent, upon all judgments collected, it
will hold out an inducement to them to collect
those judgments.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. Are not these offices of dis-
trict attorney the best paid offices in the gift
of the Federal Government, so far as the expe-
rience of the gentleman goes?
Mr. LOLfGHRIDGE. Most certainly they
are not.
Mr. HALE. So far as my experience goes
they certainly are.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I do not know how
it may be in the experience of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr, Hale.] but I do know that
in a majority of the districts of this country
the fees are entirely inadequate. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have examined this
subject thoroughly, and they unanimously rec-
ommend the passage of this bill.
Mr. HALE. One other question, if-the
gentleman will allow it.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Very well.
Mr. HALE. What would probably be the
amount of the fees coming to the district at-
torney for the southern district of the State of
New York from this percentage; or in any
other district which includes a large city ?
Would it not be immense?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I have no means of
answering that question at present. But there
is no doubt that the Governmentof the United
States would make money by giving two per
cent, of the judgments to these officers, for
more money would go into the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I ask the
n-entleman to yield to me to say a few words.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Well, for a brief
statement.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I cannot
really see the necessity of this bill. It is noth-
ing but an increase of salary. I believe with
