462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
agreement is that on Wednesday next this bill
shall be taken up for consideration. _
Mr. TRUMBULL. And pi-oceeded with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And pro-
ceeded with.
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I renew my motion, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
After an hour and three quarters spent in
executive session the doors were reopened ;
and (at five o'clock and four minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 12, 1871.
TheHouse met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleii, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ocean telegraphs.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to present a reso-
lution which I think affects the privileges of
the House. I ask general consent that it may
be received.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That a messago be sent to the Senate
requesting the return of tlie concurrent resolution
for the appointment of a joint committee upon all
ocean cable legislation.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object, and call
for the regular order.
Mr. BANKS. If I may be permitted to say
a word or two I think the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague will excuse me,
but I must call for the regular order. Accord-
ing to the announcement of the Speaker made
the other day, the only way we can secure
action on the appropriation bills is by insisting
on the regular order, so that the business of
the morning hour may not be delayed.
Mr. BANKS. I will withdraw the resolu-
tion if it should consume any time.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not want
this question acted on without a full heaving.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts cannot be submit-
ted at this time without unanimous consent.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object.
message fk03i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmpsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the joint resolution (S. No. 2G2) authorizing
the appointment of commissioners in relation
to the republic of Dominica.
transportation of cattle.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called, the morning hour now begins, at fifteen
minutes past twelve o'clock. The pending bill
is one reported by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Wilson] from the Committee on Agri-
culture, a bill (H. R. No. 2018) to prevent
cruelty to animals while in transit by railroad
or other means of transportation within the
United States. The yeas and nays have been
ordered on ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to suggest an
amendment, to which I think the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Wilsos] will not object.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I will hear the
amendment.
Mr. POLAND. It is to strike out in sec-
tion two the words "or the person or corpora-
tion resides or carries on its business:" so that
the section will read as follows:
That the penalty created by the firstsection of this
act shall be recovered by indictment in the circuit
or district court of the United States holden within '
the district wheie the offence may have been com-
mitted; and it shall be the duty of all United States
marshals, their deputies and subordinates, to prose-
cute all violations of this act which shall come to
their notice or knowledge,
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I have no objection
to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection.
The yeas and nays were taken on ordering
the bill to be engrossed for a third reading;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
101, nays 45, not voting 87 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Banlts, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham. Bovven, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufiinton, Burehard,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb,Clinton L.
Cobb, Cook, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Degener,
Dickey, Donley, Ela. Ferriss, Finkelnburg, lisher,
Hamilton, Harris. Hawley, Heflin, Hoar, Ilo&e,
Holman, Hooper, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,Ketcham,
Knapp, Loughridge, Mavnard, McCrary, McU-rew,
MeKee. Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard,Packer, Paine, Palmer,Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Itainey, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofleld,Shanks,Lionel A.Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes. Stronsr, Tillman, Town-
send, Tyner, Upson. Van Horn. Wallace, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, William 13. Washburn, Wolkor,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Williams, John T.
Wilson. Winans. and Wolf—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Beck, Biggs,
Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Conger,
Cox, Dox, Duke. Eldridge, Getz, Gibson, Griswold,
llaight. Hale, Hambleton, Hamili, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott. Lewis, Manning, MclCenzie, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Niblack, Peek,Rice, Rogers, Slier-
rod, Stiies, Stone, Stonghfon, Swann, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Winchester, and
Wood—15.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Ayer,
Barry,Beaman, Benton. Blair, Boles. Boyd, Bnrdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Conner,
Darrali,Dickinson, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon,
Doekery, Duval. Dyer, Farnsworth. Ferry, Fitch,
Fox, Garfield. Gillillan, Ilaldeman, Hawkins, Hay,
Hays, Hill. Holmes, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kelley,
Laiim, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Marshall,
Mayliam, McCaithy, McCormick, MeNeely, Milnes,
Hhakim II. Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Morrill, Neg-
ley, Newsham, Phelps, Potter, Prosser, Randall,
Reeves, S.intord, Schuinaker, Shober, Slocuin, Wil-
liam J. Smith, Worthmgton 0. Smith, Stevens,
Str.uler, Strickland, Svpher, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor,
Twichell, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Ward, Wells,
Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—87.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I now take the
floor, and yield for three minutes to the gentle-
man from Maryland.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin demands the reading of the engrossed
bill.
Mr. DAWES. How does the gentleman
from Ohio get the floor for an hour?
The SPEAKER. He is entitled to an hour
in which to close the debate.
Mr. DAWES. Has the previous question
been called?
The SPEAKER. It has been ordered.
Mr. DAWES. But not oil this motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
calls for the previous question on the passage
of the bill, and it is not out of-order forthe gen-
tleman to take the floor at this time to close the
debate. In the mean time the gentleman from
Wisconsin has the right to have the engrossed
bill read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I waive itfor the present.
Mr. NIBLACK. I renew the demand for
the reading of the engrossed bill. If the bill
be not engrossed, does it not go upon the table
under the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It does, unless the en-
grossed bill is .here to read.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is it there?
The SPEAKER. The engrossed bill is in
the hands of the Clerk.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, so
far as I am myself concerned, I greatly prefer
the bill should be voted on at once, butl have
promised some gentlemen on the other side, if
1 had the privilege, to allow them a few min-
utes each for the discussion of this bill. My
choice would be to have the vote on the ques-
tion at once, but if I have the right I will
yield to the gentleman from Maryland for five
minutes.
The engrossed bill was read the third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question, and yield for five minutes to
the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. SWANN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not confine me to any fixed time.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. How much time
do you want?
Mr. SWANN. Ten minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
more than five minutes, as I have promised to
yield to other gentlemen.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I regret ex-
tremely that I shall not bo able to vote with
the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wil-
son] on the bill which he has presented. I
desire to say, sir, that so far as that bill relates
to what he terms cruelty to animals I am pre-
pared to go to the very utmost extent in any
legislation which may be constitutional and
proper on the part of this House. But I do
not believe that principle is involved in this
bill. It is a question of tariff, it is a question
of transportation, it is a question of how far
the General Government mean to take control
of the local regulations of these internal im-
provements in the several States. The gentle-
man may not be aware of the fact that when a
train of cars is stopped in transitu it involves
expense to a railroad corporation. If it be
only one minute, if it be ten minutes, if it be
half an hour, it is a matter which has been
calculated almost to a fraction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the section of country
from which the gentleman comes, as well as the
great West, the Northwest, a large portion cf
the South, the whole agricultural community
of that vast section of the country engaged in
the raising of cattle, is deeply interested in
the passage of this bill, and will be seriously
affected by it. As a question of transporta-
tion, I know from experience that the rates for
the transportation of cattle have been reduced
to the lowest rate practicable by these railroad
corporations for this class of transportation.
If you put upon these companies or if you
put upon the transportation any greater ex-
pense than has heretofore been recognized I
think it will strike down the transportation of
cattle altogether, or greatly embarrass it, and
the section of country from which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Wilsox] comes will be
seriously affected by such a measure.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I understand the pro-
visions of this bill, it proposes that our rail-
road companies shall give sufficient time for
the refreshment and recreation of cattle in
transitu over their roads; that they shall give
whatever time shall be necessary for that pur-
pose. It requires that a train of cars shall be
brought to a stand-still, and that ample time
shall be given.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The time allowed
for unloading, for rest, water, and feed is five
consecutive hours.
Mr. SWANN. It does not matter how short
the time is, as regards the question of expense
and the heavy onus which this would entail
either upon the transporter or upon the rail-
road company. I know it is a fact that in the
transportation of cattle the losses and contin-
gencies incident to it have been so great that
it became necessary to make special arrange-
ments with the transporter, in order that the
onus might fall upon him and not upon the
company. There is another fact, also, which
this House ought not to lose sight of, and that
is that the transporter is more interested in the
humane treatment that should be observed in
this transportation than the railroad compa-
nies. Generally speaking he is the loser, and
I believe if such a law as this were adopted
that it would have a most serious effect in
striking down that valuable transportation in
which the whole region of country represented
by the honorable gentleman is so largely inter-
ested.
