1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
would be to apply to the United States court
for an injunction.
Mr. LOGAN. Would not this bill apply to
other States besides Kentucky?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
apply tS all States; let there be no mistake
about that.
Mr. LOGAN. Would the bill prohibit a
State from passing a law applying certain
regulations and restrictions to insurance com-
panies?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It only
prohibits a State from passing a law apply-
ing to only one class of insurance companies
and not applying to all.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Each State now has
the power to determine by law what foreign
corporations shall transact business within its
limits and upon what terms. Where does
Congress get the constitutional authority to
interfere with that power which the State now
has?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the question of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] in this way: Congress
lias, tinder the Constitution, the power to
regulate commerce between the States; one
species of commerce is the business of insur-
ance; and corporations are, by the decisions
of the courts, citizens of the States creating
them.
I now yield to my colleague, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. I will occupy the attention
of the House fora few minutes only. Itstrikes
me, from the luminous discussion of this bill,
that it is a very proper one. I will state what
I understand t,o be its object. A" citizen of
Massachusetts, for instance, who is interested
in the transactions of a life insurance company
in any other State has, under the Constitution,
the right to sue that corporation in the courts
of the United States. Now, if any State shall
declare by its legislation that a life insurance
company when brought into the courts of the
United States shall for that reason forfeit its
charter, certainly the Government of the Uni-
ted States ought to intervene and declare that
such legislation is not constitutional. That is
all that this bill proposes to do.
One word more: it is unnecessary that the
bill should prescribe any specific remedy, as
remedies are defined in cases of criminal pros-
ecutions. It is sufficient that Congress shall
declare by law that it is illegal for any State
to undertake to enact that when any corpora-
tion within its limits shall be brought into the
courts of the United States the charter of the
corporation shall for that reason be forfeited.
The second provision of the bill is perfectly
clear and entirely just. Its effect is simply to
declare that a State shall not impose upon any
life insurance company doing business in the
State a different tax or penalty from that which
it imposes upon every other such company.
These two provisions constitute the whole
bill.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BANKS. I will.
Mr. JUDD. The Constitution of the United
States prohibits the States from doing certain
acts. Now I desire to ask the gentleman as
a constitutional lawyer whether in his opinion
Congress can by a legislative act reach the
State as a corporate body and prohibit it from
doing specifiaacts?
Mr. BANKS. Undoubtedly, Mr. Speaker,
Congress can pass this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I resume the floor, and
demand the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion of Mr. Cox was not agreed to;
there being—ayes 70, noes 79.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Dickey, that the bill be laid on the table, it
was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will not the gentleman
hear me before he urges that motion ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist on the motion.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I hope the House will
not adjourn. There is business of importance
that ought to be transacted this evening.
On agreeing to the motion there were—
ayes 100, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at nine o'clock and twenty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOLES: A petition for relief of
John F. Wheeler and others, of Arkansas,
from political disabilities.
By Mr. COX: The petition of C. F. Rus-
sell, owner of the brig Industry, to change its
name to William M. Tweed.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The petition of
1,900 citizens of Missouri, praying for an amend-
ment to the Constitution giving the right of
suffrage to women.
Also, the petition of 17 citizens of Missouri,
asking the Government to audit, adjust, and
pay the Alabama claims.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
petition and affidavit of Francis B. Stewart,
postmaster at Altoona, Pennsylvania, praying
to be allowed a credit of $1,220 in settlement
of his accounts by the Post Office Department,
being the amount of postage stamps stolen
from his office on the night of the 17t'n of Octo-
ber, 1870, and certificate of the leading citizens
of Altoona, that the statement of the said
Francis B. Stewart is correct and true.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 10, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. E. W. Jackson, of South
Carolina.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
enrolled bills signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions, which
were yesterday signed by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) authoriz-
ing water-gauges to be established and observ-
ations to be made upon the Mississippi river
and its principal tributaries, with a view to
obtaining information required for the pro-
tection of the alluvial lands against overflow,
and for the improvement of navigation ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 601) for the
relief of George F. Robinson, eighth regiment
Maine volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 253G) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 80, 1872; and
A bill (H. R. No. 299G) to authorize the
Worthington National Bank of Cooperstown,
New York, to change its name and location.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2634) to amend an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this Union,
and for other purposes," was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
report of commissioned of agriculture.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of Agriculture
of the operations of his Departmentfor the year
1870, with a schedule of the division reports
of the Department; which, on motion of Mr.
Cameron, was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
A motion of Mr. Cameron to print the usual
number of extra copies was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
personal explanation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a matter of
personal explanation, and as a matter of jus-
tice to my old friend, ex-Senator Hendricks.
In a debate two or three days ago, when the
subject of the power of the President to grant
general pardons was under consideration, I
stated that the report of the Judiciary Com-
mittee upon that subject adverse to such power
was unanimous, and that Mr. Hendricks was
then a member of the committee and united
in the report. I have since been informed,
and believe it to be true, that Mr. Hendricks
did not assent to our conclusion; and. as a
matter of justice to him, I think it right to
correct the statement that I made.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Missouri, in favor
of the passage of a law reapportioning the
congressional representation on the basis of
the census of 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Albert W. McNeel, of Autauga county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
P. E. Lewis and others, of West Bridgewater
and vicinity, in the counties of Windsor and
Rutland, Vermont, praying the passage of the
bill to secure cheap transportation of bread-
stuffs and provisions from the West to the sea-
board at uniform rates throughout the year;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of J.
D. N. Thompson, late captain first Nebraska
infantry, praying to be allowed a pension, to
date back from January 2, 1862; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of D.
J. Clark, J. W. Russ, W. A. Savage, D. Pat-
terson, Neill Graham, Duncan Kelly, L. J.
Hall, J. 1'. Melvin, James M. Jessup, William
S. Melvin, and B. L. Craven, of Bladen county,
North Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented five petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying the estab-
lishment of a chair of homeopathy in the
proposed national university at Washington;
which were referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
He also presented a petition of John F.
Cook and others, colored citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, respectfully petitioning Con-
gress " that the petitions of the Home Indus-
trial School and of the Women's Christian
Association," for §10,000 each, be refused,
unless, in the Industrial School and Christian
Association, children and women are admitted
irrespective of coior; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POOL. 1 have a petition from citizens
of New Hanover county, North Carolina, and
various other counties iti that locality, all
being in the fourth congressional district of
North Carolina, asking that, the political dis-
abilities of the member-elect from that dis-
trict, Mr. Waddell, shall not be removed. This
petition is accompanied by various affidavits
of parties with regard to the petition on the
same subject which I presented some time
ago, and which is now on the table. The affi-
davits state in substance that the signatures to
that petition about which question was made
were sigued in one or more public meetings,
