1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. NYE. Oh, do not object.
Mr. WILSON. I shall not vote for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts withdraw his objection, or
insist upon it?
Mr. WILSON. The resolution had better
go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
insists on his objection, as the. Chair under-
stands, and the joint resolution will be placed
on the Calendar.
REPORTS OE COMMITTEES.
Mr. TIPTON. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1164) in regard to entries by preemptors under
the act of Congress entitled "An act to appro-
priate the'proceeds of the sales of the public
lands and to grant preemption rights," ap-
proved September 4, 1841, and to amend the
said act, have directed me to report it back
and recommend its passage. I will say that
this report is by a majority of the commit-
tee.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1145) to enable the Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage its
road, and for other purposes, have had the
same under consideration, and directed me
to report it back with a recommendation that
it'pass; and I ask that it may be put on its
passage now. It is a bill which ought to
pass.
Mr. COLE. I object to its present consid-
eration.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOWE. I trust the Senator from Cali-
fornia will let us dispose of the morning hour
upon amicable principles. At one o'clock we
understand we are to go on with the appro-
priation bill, but let us have up to that
time on the footing of " the most favored
nations."
. Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, to whom was referred
the bill (H. It. No. 2018) to prevent cruelty to
animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States, to report it back without amendment.
I will state that this bill has received the sanc-
tion of the committee, of the railroad com'
panies, of Dr. Bergh, and all the others inter-
ested in the question. I hope it will be taken
up and passed immediately.
Mr. COLE. 1 object to the present consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
places the bill on the Calendar. The Chair
lecognizes the Senator from New Hampshire,
who rises to make reports.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 817) to authorize the restora-
tion of George Plunkett to his original lank as
paymaster of the United States Navy, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2999) to pro-
vide for the enlistment of three hundred addi-
tional seamen in the United States Navy,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
31-3) authorizing the nomination and appoint-
ment to the retired list of the Navy of certain
volunteer officers on the active list of the Navy
who are disabled in consequence of wounds
received during the late war, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
490) for the relief of Paymaster George F.
Cutter, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
265) for the relief of Chief Engineer James
W. King, United States Navy, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
462) for the relief of Mrs. Harriet H. Pendle-,
ton, widow of George H. Pendleton, late of
the Un'ted States Navy, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
491) for the restoration of Commander George
A. Stevens, United States Navy, to the active
from the retired list, reported it withoutamend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2906) for the
recovery of damages for the loss of the sloop-
of-war Oneida, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
311) extending the provisions of the act of
July 16, 1862, granting ten years' additional
service on the active list to certain officers,
to Lieutenant Commander W. B. Cushing,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. POOL. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2992) for the relief of the estate
of Joseph Wheaton, deceased, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment and
to recommend its passage. I will state that
this bill has passed both Houses of Congress
at various times, but has never succeeded in
getting through both Houses at the same Con-
gress. It has been thoroughly investigated
by committees over and over again, and is a
claim having great merit. The bill has passed
the House of Representatives at this session,
and is now before the Senate. The com-
mittee were constrained to propose a small
amendment, the effect of which must be to
send the bill back to the House of Represent-
atives. It is an immaterial amendment, but
we were obliged to make it. I ask, there-
fore, that the bill be put on its passage at this
time.
Mr. COLE. I must object; and I had bet-
ter state now to the Senate the reason why I
object. I would rather that this business,
which is not legitimately brought into the
morning hour, should be behind some of the
appropriation bills, and I hope they will aid
somewhat in raising up the appropriation bills
and facilitating their passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is right.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of P. H.
Elvers, which is addressed "to the honorable
member for Congressof Ohio," have directed
me to report it back to the Senate. It is such
a mixture of German and English that I can
hardly tell what the object of it is. It is ac-
companied by a drawing of a corn-planter,
and, from the best information the committee
could derive from it, the party desires to obtain
a patent. There has been no application before
the Patent Office, and it Is sent to Congress.
It is a remarkable literary document, and asks
for a patent for a remarkable invention, for
among other things it proposes so to plant corn
that it cannot possibly be frost-bitten. [Laugh-
ter.] The committee have instructed me to
report it back and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration ; and, with a view that
the application may be made where the party
can obtain his object, we ask that h'e have
leave to withdraw his petition from the files of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitioner
will have leave to withdraw his petition, and
the committee will be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
George F. Brott and Isaac Davis, praying
payment_ for the "model barge Brott and
Davis," impressed by the military authorities
of the United States and lost during the late
war, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 13471 for the relief of George P.
Brott and Isaac Davis.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the letter
of the Secretary of War, communicating in-
formation relative to the claims of Jordan
and McPike and others, arising out of the
expedition against the Pi-Ute Indians in 1860,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs: which was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial of the heirs of William Hum-
phrey, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1348) for the relief of the heirs
of William Humphrey, a soldier of the Revo-
lution.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting
the Chicago and Illinois Railroad Company
the right to build a bridge across the Wabash
river, and declaring the same a post road,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2095) for the relief of John
W. Massey, Reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, fromtheCommitteeonClaims,
to whom was referred the memorial of T. T.
Garrard and others, claiming compensation
for the destruction of their salt, salt-wells, &c.,
in Clay county, Kentucky, by United States
troops, in the year 1862, submitted a report,
accompanied by a joint resolution (S. R. No.
321) for the relief of those suffering from the
destruction of the salt-works near Manchester,
Kentucky, pursuant to the orders of Major
General D. Carlos Buell.
The joint resolution was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT also, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 208) relative to the claims of certain
northern creditors, reported it with amend-
ments, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1349) to encourage the laying of ocean tele-
graph cables and to secure the same for the
use of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Po«t
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3. No.
1350) to establish a certain post road in Indi-
ana ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1351) lor the extension of a patent for an
improvement in power-looms for the manu-
facture of carpets; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Patents,
and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of December I t,
1870, certain statements relative to the collec-
tion and distribution of fines and forfeitures
