1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
single year for printing documents, many of
which never see the light, and serve no prac-
tical use whatever except as an occasion for
spending money? '
I ask him also whether, in considering the
estimates for printing, he has taken into ac-
count the abolition of the franking privilege
and the promised redaction in the cost of pub-
lic printing, which that so-called "reform"
was to bring in its train ? In all that has been
written or said upon the subject of the frank-
ing privilege, not another substantial argument
in support of its abolition has been cited, so
far as I have seen, except this secondary re-
sult, which it was assumed must follow, that it
would lead to a great reduction in the cost of
printing, because, if documents could not be
sent under frank there would be no induce-
ment for Congress to order them printed. Mr.
Chairman, I have at no time hesitated to take
ground against the abolition of the franking
privilege, but I confess that I did not expect
to find my incredulity as to the saving which
it was going to effect vindicated so soon and
so completely. Instead of a reduction of
expenditures for printing, we have, the very
year tliis "great reform" is to commence,
an increase of half a million! What, then,
becomes of the anticipated retrenchment, the
assured economy, on which that so-called
reform mainly rested for its justification ? Are
they not seen to be as visionary as the geti-
ileman's promise, made to the people of New
Hampshire, that the administration of Gen-
eral Grant would economize ill eveiy possible
way ?
Sir. Chairman, I am not to be understood
as objecting to the proposed erection of a new*
building and providing it with the best appli-
ances of the printing art for the use of the
Public Printer. So iong as the present im-
mense amount of indispensable printed matter,
blanks and forms, as well as reports and other
documents, continues to be called for by the
necessities of the public service, so long will
the need of such an establishment be felt; and
in that sense the obvious requirement of true
economy would be that the very best attain-
able printing-machinery and office facilities be
provided. Nor am I disposed to return to the
old mode of letting out the public printing on
contracts with private parlies, believing that
economy and efficiency have been and will be
subserved by the present arrangement. But
all this has nothing to do with the question
whether or not so vast a sum as $2,000,000
is needed in one year to furnish such printed
matter as is really required by the exigencies
of the Government.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not recol-
lect that the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr.
Reeves] or any gentleman of his political
party on the other side of the House helped
me yesterday in my effort to reduce the ex-
penses of the public printing. It seems to me
that 1 was pretty nearly alone in that effort.
My idea of curtailing the expenses of public
printing is to curtail the orders of Congress,
and not to require any more printing to be
done than is absolutely necessary. If we do
that, then we will not have to approptiate any
more than is necessary. Ordering all of these
documents to be punted by the Public Printer,
and then coming here to complain that it costs
so much, seems to be the gentleman's idea
of economy. If the gentleman recollects of
voting against the ordering of public printing,
if he will let us know when he voted to curtail
the heavy expenses of the public printing, if
he will put his finger upon such a vote of his,
then I will answer him. Why should he talk
about Connecticut, New Hampshire, and other
irrelevant matters?
Mr. Chairman, I repeat what I said yester-
day, that unless the House is willing to stop
the ordering of public printing for any one,
except what the needs of the Departments of
the Government and the two Houses of Con-
gress require they must be content to appro-
I priate millions of dollars for current expenses,
i and from fifty to one hundred and twenty-five
I thousand dollars, as estimated by the architect,
[ for a new building for the Printing Office'. This
i is inevitable unless we curtail the expense of
| the public printing.
; I tried yesterday, and I have no doubt I suc-
| ceeded in giving this committee and the House
at least one of the reasons why we have had to
add more than half a million dollars to the ap-
propriation of this year. This has been because
this House is not willing to do what we asked
i it to do yesterday ; and that is to limit the print-
i ing at the Public Printing Office to what is
absolutely demanded by the necessities of the
[ Government, instead of printing everything
which may be desired forgratuitous distribution
among our constituents. Because we do not
confine the Public Printing Office to its legit-
imate use is the reason why we have these
increased expenses.
I do not recollect that I ever heard the
voice of my distinguished friend from- New
| York raised against the ordering of these doc-
! uments. We find him and others coming here,
asking for the printing of two hundred thou-
sand and three hundred thousand copies of the
agricultural report, to the printing of which
there is a press in the Public Printing Office
(which cost $25,000) devoted exclusively.
The only work that it does is to print thirty-
eight thousand pages every hour of agricul-
tural reports for gratuitous distribution among
the people of the country. It is devoted ex-
clusively to the printing of the agricultural
report. When we have ordered these docu-
ments, do not, then, let us complain of the
amount that it. costs. Let us be willing to pay
the laborer his hire, beeausc these expenses
must be paid, if we order this printing beyond
what is demanded by the necessities and re-
quirements of the country.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-one
laborers employed m the public grounds, £t',l,29b.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike ont the
words "a foreman and twenty-one."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department of State:
For compensation of the Secretary of State, two
Assistant Secretaries of State; for chief clerk, at
1*2,200; eisht clerks of class four, additional to ono
clerk of class four as disbursing clerk, eight cierks
of class three, three clerks of class two, eight clerks
of class one, one messenger, one assist ant messenger,
nine laboie^, and four watchmen; in all §60,320.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert the follow-
ing:
For additional index and file clerks of class one,
Siooo.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph appropriating this §50.000.
It is, in my judgment, a useless expenditure
of money. 'The debate upon this floor yester-
day confirms more fully the opinion that I
have long entertained, that the publication of
the laws in little newspapers throughout the
country is utterly useless for any practical pur-
pose whatever. The publication is generally
awarded to some newspaper for the purpose
of enabling it maintain or to eke out a sort
of sickly existence for partisan purposes. In
many instances the publication of the laws
runs through an entire year.
Mr, DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Missouri has jumped before he reached the
stile. [Laughter.] What paragraph is he
speaking about?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The paragraph beginning
with line three hundred and thirty-four.
Mr. DAWES. We have not got to that yet.
The Clerk read as follows :
Forpublishing the laws in pamphlet form, and in
newspapers of the States and Territories and in the
city of Washington, $50,000: Provided, That here-
after no laws or treaties shall be published in news-
papers except those which are of a general nature,
which laws shall be selected by the Secretary of
State; and the same shall in all cases be published
without delay.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph by inserting in line three hundred and
thirty-eight, after the word " laws, " the words
"or parts of laws:" so that it will read:
Provided, That hereafter no laws or parts of laws
or treaties shall be published, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that the
paragraph should also be amended so as to
provide, with regatd to treaties as well as laws,
that those only shall be published in news-
papers which are of a general nature, and which
are selected by the Secretary of State.
Mr. LAFL1N. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word -'newspaper," in line three
hundred and tkiriy-seven, the words "not ex-
ceeding two in each State and Territory."
That complies with the present provision of
the law.
The question was put on Mr. Laflin's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now renew my motion
to strike out the paragraph. I was saying,
Mr. Chairman, that this is an expenditure that
is entirely useless for any particular purpose.
It does no good. The newspapers for the pub-
lication of the laws are selected by the Clerk
of this House. Frequently they are papers
published in some obscure part of some gen-
tleman's district, and are selected for the pur-
pose of enabling them to live.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman accom-
pany his amendment wilh a provision to repeal
the law which requires this publication?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I presumed that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts would meet me
with a point of order there.
Mr. DAWES. No; I will meet the gentle-
man with my support. There will be no use
in cutting out this appropriation and at the
same time leaving the law, because if we do
that we will have to pay these papers next
year; that is all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will very cheerfully
make the motion to repeal the law.
Mr. DAWES. And I will vote for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But I supposed some gen-
tleman, if the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] did not, would raise the point
of order, and the amendment would be ruled
out. I trust, however, that the House will, so
far as its action is concerned, repeal the law,
for the S50,000 might as well be sunk in the
Potomac river, for any good which it does
to anybody, as to be doled out to those little
countiy newspapers that are selected.
It often happens that a single chapter of oui
laws runs through half a dozen numbers of a
newspaper. Apart is published this week,
u part is published next week, a part is
published the next week, and so on ; and the
publication is often on the outside of the paper,
the impression being made from old, worn-out
type, and so confused and irregular that no
person can read it or understand it. And if
h could be read no one attempts to preserve
it as a portion of the laws of this country or a
part of its history.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems tome that this
is a time when we should cut down the ex-
penses of the Government to the lowest point
possible, and reserve the money for purposes
which will promote the general information of
the people. This expenditure, as I have stated,
is not necessary for such purposes. We pub-
lish the laws in another manner, and in a very
much better form for general use than when
they are published in the newspapers. And !
am glad that the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations has indicated his willing-
ness to go with me in the repeal of this law,
W'e may save this item of expenditure at least.
I include in my motion the repeal of the law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise a point of order
on that.
