1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
thDse bills from the Judiciary Committee. I
hope there will be no objection to that.
The VICE P RESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin asks unanimous consent that Fri-
day of next week be assigned for the consid-
eration of reports of the Committee on the
Judiciary. Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. I cannot consent, for one, until
we make some progress in the consideration
of the appropriation bills. If we get along
well with them toward the middle of next
week, of course that will be a better time to
make the motion, inasmuch as the Senator
only asks for a day a week from this, and I
may not then object to it.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator, I sup-
pose, will have no objection to its being under-
stood that 1 may have some day in the next
session? [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. Not the slightest. [Laughter.]
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2524J making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of tbe
Government for the year ending June30, 18/2,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Boreman to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from West Virginia is to strike
out a part of the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. NYE. What is it that it is proposed
to strike out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
to strike out from the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that clause which
provides for the salaries of the district judges
at $5,000 a year.
Mr. NYE. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. BAYARD. I confess that I regret that
there has not been a graduation of these sala-
ries proposed by the committee; but, never-
theless, the country is aware that the salaries
paid to the gentlemen who exercise these high
judicial functions are very far from being com-
mensurate with the services rendered. The
highest salary now paid to any district judge
of the United States is that paid to the judge
in California, which is $5,000 per annum. The
next highest is paid to the district judge of
Louisiana, who receives $4,500. The district
judges in Massachusetts, New York, Maryland,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and, I believe, in
one or two other districts, receive $4,000, and
in the other districts the salary is $3,500.
The people of this country to-day are suffer-
ing, and will suffer, unless your judicial salaries
shall be such as to command the better class
of talent of the profession from which these
officers must be recruited; and while I do not
think that this amendment is as well matured
as I would wish tp see it, I shall vote for it. I
am satisfied that it is preposterous to suppose
that such services as are this day demanded
from your judges in Pennsylvania, the eastern
district especially, and the judge in the south-
ern district of New York, and the judge in
Massachusetts, are properly compensated by
a salary of $5,000. That is by no means an
adequate compensation. They should have,
moderately speaking, $8,000 a year. Still, as
this amendment goes so far in the right direc-
tion, to increase the salary of every district
judge except one, and that is the judge in
California, though there may be some judges
who may not individually deserve to have their
salaries increased, though there may be some
judges in districts where the business does not
really justify an advance, yet they are but very
few; and rather than risk the loss of what I
esteem a movement beneficial in its nature
and just in its general tendency, I shall vote
for the present amendment and trust that it
may be sustained, homing that hereafter there
will be greater discrimination, and that many
men who are now spinning out their brains in
the service of the Government at half pay may
receive in some degree an adequate compen-
sation.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the motion of
the honorable Senator from West Virginia will
not prevail. The judge of the district of South
Carolina has his court open from the 1st of
January to the 31st of December almost con-
secutively. He is compelled to,hold his court
at three different places in South Carolina: at
Charleston, at Columbia, and at Greenville,
the latter at a distance of two hundred and
seventy-five miles from his home. He has
held every district courtand every circuit court,
I think, in that State since his appointment.
He does more business than the district judges
of North Carolina, Georgia, and upper Florida
put together, and I might say that he does more
business in bankruptcy alone than really some
of the district judges of the United States do
altogether, and his salary is but $3,500 a year.
I send to the Secretary, and ask him to read,
a letter I received a few days ago from some
of the most distinguished lawyers of Charles-
ton on the subject.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Charleston, South Carolina,
February 3,1871.
Bear Sir: Webegspeeially to bring to your atten-
tion the propriety of the increase of the salary of
Hon. George S. Bryan, district judge of the United
States for the district of South Carolina.
The duties incumbent on the position are very
great, and can only be properly appreciated by those
who are familiar with them.
The judge is compelled by law to hold four terms
of the district court during each year, and three
terms of the circuit court: the first at Charleston, in
April, the second at Greenville, in August, and the
third at Columbia, in November.
The amount of business in these courts, always
large, lias of course been much increased by the
bankrupt act.
In addition to this, it is necessary that the judge
should reside in the city of Charleston, where thecost
of living is known to be great, because the amount
of admiralty business which is to be transacted here
requires his attention almost constantly while he is
not engaged in holding the regular session of the
circuit and district courts.
3?or the reasons given in the above short form, wo
would be greatly pleased if you would use your efforts
to have the salary increased to what we think it
should be, $5,000 per annum.
We need only say, in addition, that the bar of the
State have the highest admiration for the learn-
ing and courtesy of Judge Bryan, and would, we
are satisfied, be gratified if the effort which wo now
make, without any knowledge or solicitation by him,
is successful.
We remain, with high respect, yours,
JOHN tHILLIPS.
A. G. MAG RATH,
HENRY 1JU1ST.
CHARLES H. SIMONTON,
THOMAS Y. SIMONS,
S. LOUD. Jr..
M. A. O'CONNOR,
D. T. CORBIN,
United States Attorney,
I. N. NATHANS,
B. F. PERRY,
 . II. CHAMBERLAIN.
Hon. Thomas J. Robertson, TJniicd States Senator
from South Carolina, Washington, D. G.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from
South Carolina to, tell me what they pay the
justices of their superior or highest court in
the State of South Carolina now.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think $5,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is the Senator sure that is
the compensation paid?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am pretty sure of it.
That is my very decided impression.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I hope
this amendment will not be made, but that the
amendment presented by the committee will
be adopted. The committee recommend that
the salaries of the various district judges be
equalized, and that each one shall receive
$5,000 per annum. At present they do not
average that amount. The general average
of the salaries allowed to district judges is
probably about thirty-five hundred dollars per
year. Some are higher.
Mr. TRUMBULL. None lower.
Mr. HOWARD. If Senators will reflect a
moment they cannot avoid seeing the neces-
sity of making liberal provision for the district
judges.' In the district courts are tried all
cases arising under our bankrupt act. The
business arising under that act is very large
in many districts, and it is often very diffi-
cult and perplexing, because frequently ques-
tions arise under the bankrupt law which are
extremely difficult of solution. That is a new
jurisdiction conferred upon" the district courts
by the bankrupt act which was passed only a
few years ago. It is a new branch of juris-
prudence, and increases the burdens and labors
of the district judges very much indeed.
In addition to that, in the district courts are
tried almost all the criminal cases in which
the United States are a party. They have a
general criminal jurisdiction ; and from my
own professional experience in a practice of
many years I know that in the district where
I reside the judge has been employed almost
every day of the year. The labor is incessant;
there is no end of it; there is very little oppor-
tunity for relaxation, even during the hot
months of the summer. It is labor, labor,
labor, and that continuously; and we all know
very well what professional labor of that
description is.
I do not believe m a policy of appointing
judges of the United States and maintaining
them upon starving salaries. A judge has the
right to expect that he will bo decently and
liberally provided for by the Government
which he is serving. If he has a family he
wishes to educate that family, and he ought
at all events to be allowed salary enough to
provide himself with the ordinary library and
professional publications which are necessary
in the dischai'ge of his duties.
I do not wish to spend the time of the Senate
on this subject, but I think the $5,000 sug-'
gested by the committee is by no means too
high a compensation for the district judges.
If I were to make any suggestion with regard
to it it would be to increase that compensa-
tion rather than diminish it. It is very true
that there is an inequality in the amount of
service to be rendered in the various districts
of the United States; in some districts the
burden upon the judge is lighter far than in
others ; but yesterday we adopted a provision
by way of amendment which will relieve from
this inequality in a very great degree, by allow-
ing the circuit judge to detail, so to speak,
district judges to go into neighboring districts
and hold court.
I hope, Mr. President, that this amendment,
which is to strike out $5,000 for the district
judges, will not be adopted. I shall therefore
vote in the negative.
Mr. STEWART. It was stated here yester-
day that the circuits were so arranged that
there was not in any circuit a district that was
overloaded, so that the process of equaliza-
tion proposed by the amendment adopted on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois would
be a nullity, because there were large circuits
where none of the district judges had a sur-
plus of business. When you come to look
at the way the circuits are arranged you will
find that that is not the case, but that in each
circuit there is at least one point where there
is a surplus of business and where judges can
well be taken from the other districts to attend
to it.
The act of 1869 leaves the first circuit as it
was before, including all the New England
districts except Vermont and Connecticut.
Then New York, Connecticut, and Vermont
are the second circuit. There is plenty of
business in New Y'ork; the courts there are
overloaded. The next circuit is Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and Delaware. The Pennsylva-.
nia districts, especially that whose court is
located at Philadelphia, have a large amount
of business; and New Jersey also has consid-
erable business. The districts of Maryland,
West Virginia, Virginia, North Carolina, and
South Carolina constitute the fourth circuit.
There is in that circuit Baltimore, a large com-
mercial city; there is also Charleston, another
large commercial city. Then Georgia, Ala-
