1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
bama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Texas are one circuit. In that circuit is New
Orleans. The next circuit is Ohio, Michigan,
Kentucky, and Tennessee; and there are sev-
eral points in that circuit where there are more
duties than one judge can perform, particularly
at Cincinnati. The next circuit consists of
Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin. Illinois has
one city, Chicago, where the judge cannot
begin to keep up with the business. The next
circuit consists of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri,
Kansas, Nebraska, and Arkansas. There is
St. Louis in that circuit. The remaining cir-
cuit is the Pacific coast circuit, with San Fran-
cisco in it, where the judge is constantly in
need of aid from other districts.
Thus looking over the circuits it appears that
t'iere is no difficulty in equalizing the labor in
the various districts. Take any one of the cir-
cuits and you will find that there are districts
in each where the judge is overloaded, and it
will be practicable to pretty nearly equalize
the labor. The New England circuit would
be the only circuit where there would be any
difficulty in this matter.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a proposition
which I cannot think the Senate would assent
to if it could gain the attention of the Senate
generally. • The salaries of district judges are
now graduated. They exist with a graduation
having reference to the supposed labors of
each, and also the cost of living to which each
is subjected. The amendment of the commit-
tee which it is proposed now to strike out is
designed to do away with a graduated scale of
compensation as it now exists, and pay to all
district judges alike a salary of $-5,000. What
is the argument for this? That certain men
are now inadequately paid, and the remedy is
to distribute $tU,500 in compensating all men
alike, regardless of the cost of living where they
reside and regardless of the labors imposed
upon them.
Mr. President, I took (Jccasion last evening,
when but a small portion of the Senate was
here, to comment briefly upon this. I intend
now to say but a few words about it: and I
apologize even for these few words by saying
that when I asked the attention of the Senate
to the subject before so many of the Senators
were absent.
The present graduation of salaries was made
but about three years ago. It was made after
*a careful hearing of complaints proceeding
from the judges themselves, and was intended
as a ju§t and full and well-adjusted measure
of compensation tor them all. Let me remind
Senators that these salaries, as they now stand,
were fixed, not like those of the justices of the
Supreme Court, at a period long ago, but they
were fixed when values were greater and the
purchasing power of money was less than it is
now.
It is said, Mr. President, that some of these
judges are paid too little. Admit it in one,
two, three, four, or six cases, if yon please.
How can it be argued from that fact that the
true remedy is to devote $64,500 as well to
those who are sufficiently paid as to those who
are not? If I were going to argue this ques-
tion in detail I would stop to remind the
Senator from California that the judge of his
district, who receives now the highest rate of
compensation, presents one of the strongest
cases of inadequate compensation, and he is
not to be relieved at all, but the judge in the
district of my friend beside me, [Mr. Hamlix,]
who receives now $3,500, without any griev-
ance being alleged, without any inadequacy
of compensation appearing, is to have $1,500
more given to him. Upon what argument?
The honorable Senator from Maine reminds
me that that judge receives now $1,000 salary
per annum more than is paid by the State of
Maine to her highest judicial officers.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator from
New York permit me to make a suggestion ?
What be states may be true as to Maine; but
take my State of Nevada. She is a State of
small population, and yet I can safely say that
one half of her property is owned by foreign
corporations, and the consequence is of neces-
sity to drive a large portion of the litigation,
and that portion of it arising from the most
valuable part of our property, into the United
States courts.
Mr. CONKLING. How much does the
judge there receive?
Mr. NYE. Thirty-five hundred dollars;
while our State judges have $7,000 in gold.
He should have more.
Mr. CONKLING. _ The honorable Senator
says the judge in his district should receive
more. Therefore he comes to my aid, if I
understand him, logically, in the argument
that I am making. There is a case of merit,
he says. This proposition ignores all the merits;
this proposition provides as well for those who
need no provision as for those who do need
some ; and I am combating it.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
make another suggestion ?
* Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from New York that the qualifications for
these judges must be substantially the same of
course. Whatever the character of the busi-
ness they may have, they are subject at all times
to have every variety of business that arises,
except at heavy marine districts, and therefore
the qualifications must be the same.
Now, another idea. W'het'her they have ten
cases or a hundred in a year, it takes all their
time; and men. of equal qualifications dis-
charge these duties everywhere, though they
may be located in a country where there is
very little to do. I submit to the honorable
Senator from New York whether the same
talents, the same acquirements should not re-
ceive the same compensation. They cannot
go into other kinds of business, and therefore
they must devote their whole time with all
their qualifications to the discharge of these
duties. This is no singular case I suggest to
my honorable friend, where men receive like
salaries that are more or less burdened but
yet have the same qualifications. Therefore I
cannot see the force of the honorable Sen-
ator's suggestion.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad of course
to stop to hear the Senator answer my argu-
ment ; and the answer, I admit, is as good a
one as can be made, but it does not satisfy my
mind, and I think upon reflection it would not
satisfy the mind of the honorable Senator.
Surely he cannot mean that a judge who holds
court (and I take now a supposed case, which
another member of this body knows is not
merely supposed) less than one month in
three years should be paid as much money as
a man who holds court nearly the year around
and is incumbered by labor all the time. If
the Senator does think so, and if the Sen-
ate should agree with him, I admit that is
the end of the controversy; you have at once
then discarded all idea of graduating compen-
sation by labor performed ; and of course I
admit that would be the end of the argument.
But, Mr. President, I was about suggesting
that this is a grossly unequal mode of adjusting
this matter, one which heretofore every effort
has been made to avoid; and accordingly we
find that while one judge now receives $5,000,
another receives.but $3,600, and intermediate
rates are given to the judges in reference to
the localities where they reside and the duties
which they are to perform. This proposition,
I insist, ignores all discrimination and all
merits in respect to the labors and the respons-
ibilities resting upon these men.
Now, it is thought, the honorable Senator
from Michigan suggested, that an amendment
already adopted by the Senate qualifies this
somewhat. What is that amendment? One
permitting the circuit judge, as I understand,
to call upon one district judge in the circuit to
aid another district judge in the circuit. I
insist that that is the law now and has been for
many years ; and having before me the act of
I860, I find an unqualified provision in that
respect as to all circuit courts, that without
any reason or disability whatever the circuit
judge may send district judges from one dis-
trict to another in the same circuit to hold the
circuit courts. By the act of 1850 the same
thing in substance, not in words I admit, is
true touching the district courts.
Now, the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] comes in this morning and corrects the
impression which he thinks pervailed yester-
day, that these men cannot be so moved around
as to counteract and antidote the horizontal
scale of salaries regardless of merits, which he
is in favor of establishing. He very well says
that New England, for example, is a hard cir-
cuit for him to dispose of in the course of his
argument. Look at it for one moment. In
New England there are six districts. Four
of them constitute one circuit. Vermont and
Connecticut are with New York in one circuit.
Now does any Senator believe that the four
district judges in the New England circuit,
whether they remain at home or whether they
exchange with each other, are to perform
duties commensurate with those performed
by Judge Blatchford in the southern district
of New York? Does anybody suppose they
reside where the expenses of living are like
those paid by Judge Blatchford?
Why, Mr. President, in distinguishing be-
tween these cases I might almost refer to the
satire of Sydney Smith in pointing out the
distinctions between liviug; from the price
of a pew in a church to the coffin in which men
are buried the widest distinctions of cost pre-
S vail in the necessities of life. Judge Blatck-
j ford lives in a place where, upon any princi-
|; pie of economy, it costs kira a large sum of
i! money to maintain his family. He also lives
in a place where great labors are imposed
upon him, where enormous responsibilities
rest upon him, where immense sums of money
change bands in the litigation which ho
decides. Now, is it to be said that upon any
principle of equivalents known to common
sense his services are worth no more and his
necessities are no greater than those of a man
occupied during but a little portion of the year
with much simpler duties, and subjected to far
fewer expenses in life? That cannot be so;
and when all the transpositions have taken
place in the New England circuit which the
amendment admits, admitting, as I conceive,
| no more than the present law does, still this
inequality will be equally great.
Mr. President, we are going very far and
very fast on this subject of salaries ; and, as a
most pertinent suggestion, I wish to cali the
attention of the Senate to recent legislation on
this subject. A little more than a year ago, in
creatingnine circuit judges, we determined that
$5,000 was the proper salary for them. The
time has come now when $7,500 is only an
adequate salary, according to the proposition
before us ; but in that bill it was provided—
"That anyjud^e of any court of the United States
who, having' held his commission as such at least
ten years, shall, after having attained to the age of
seventy year?, resign his office, shall thereafter,dur-
ing the residue of his natural life, receive the same
salary which was by law payable to him at the tinio
of his resignation."
That act came in in aid of the act of 1S67,
fixing the salaries of the district judges, after
mature deliberation, as they are now, and pro-
vided for the "rainy day," the "sere and yel-
low leaf" in which these judges might ulti-
mately be found. Now we have gone further,
and comin'* from the Judiciary Committee,
upon the report of my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpbxter,] is a bill already adopted by
the House. We propose an amendment to it
to which I will call attention, which bill dis-
penses altogether with the necessity of having
served for ten years, dispenses altogether with
the seventy year limit, and provides—I ask
the Senate to hear what—
. That the President is hereby authorized and era-
