1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I90t
Worthmgton C. Smith, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Sypher, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman. Twichell,
Van Horn. Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Whiteley, Wbitmore. and Eugene M. Wilson—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Beatty,
Benton, Biggs, Bingham. Bird, Bufiinton, Burchard,
Benjamin P. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Sidney Clarke,
Cleveland, Clinton I/. Cobb, Cowles, Cox, Crebs,
Joseph Dixon, Ela, Einltelnburtr, Uetz, Griswold,
Haight, Ilaldeman, Ilambleton, Hay, Ilolman, Alex-
ander H. Jones. Thomas L. Jones. Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Lawrence. Lewis, Manning,
Marshall, McCormick. McGrew, McNeely, Mercur,
Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Orth, Packard, Packer, Potter, Price, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Sargent. Sehumaker, Shanks,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Strong,
Swann, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken. Van Trump,
Van Wyck, William 13. Washburn, Welker, Willard,
Williams. JohnT. Wilson, Winchester, Wolf, Wood
and Young—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Boyd, James
Brooks, Burr, Cake, Coburn, Conner, Corker, Cul-
lom. Dickey, Dickinson, Duke, Duval. Dyer, Eerry,
Eitch.Fox, Garfield,Gibson, Gilfillan, Ilamill. Haw-
ley, Hill, Johnson. Keteham, Knapp, Knott, Lough-
ridge, Ma,yham, Milnes, Mungen, Newsham, Nib-
lack. William W. Paine, Perce, Phelps, Rogers,
Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stone. Strader, Sweeney, Taffe, Townsend, Trim-
ble, Voorhees, Ward, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
Winans, Witcher, and Woodward—60.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion of Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin,
was not agreed to.
steamboats.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, by unanimous
consent, joint resolution (S. R. No. 292) to
amend a joint resolution relating to steam-
boats and other vessels owned in the loyal
States, approved December 23, 1809, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the joint
resolution relating to steamboats and other
vessels owned in the loyal States, approved
December 23, 1869, be amended by adding at
the end the words " or in conformity with the
Uws of the United States."
Its joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
coast survey reports.
Mr. PROSSER, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved by the House, (the Senate concurring,) That
there be printed thirty-live hundred extra copies
of the report of the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey for 1870, of which fifteen hun-
dred copies shall be for the use of the House, one
thousand for the use of the Senate, and one thou-
sand for the use of the Superintendent.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR 1870.
Mr. PROSSER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to move that the House
concur in the amendments of the Senate to
the concurrent resolution of the House in
ielation to the printing of the report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture.
The amendments were read as follows:
Slrike out "forty-five" and insert "twenty-five ; "
strike out " two hundred " and insert " one hundred
and fifty ; " strike out "twenty" and insert " fitty
so that the resolution will read as follows:
JUsoluedby file Home of liepreseutatives, (theSenate
concurring,) That there be printed of the annual
report ot the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1870,
two hundred and twenty-five thousand extra copies ;
one hundred and fifty thousand of which shall be lor
the use of the House, fifty thousand for the use of
the Senate, and twenty-five thousand for distribu-
- u'jn tr the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr, MAYNA.RD. What is the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Printing
with reference to this matter?
Mr. PROSSER. We recommend that the
House concur in the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the amendments
will not be concurred in. I hope we shall not
cut down by twenty-five per cent, the number
of these documents which the House has here-
tofore provided for.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say
one word on this subject. It is very true that
the resolution, as passed by the House, author-
izes the printing of two hundred thousand
copies for our own use. The Senate has seen
proper to cut down the number to one hun-
dred and fifty thousand.
Mr. MAYNARD. In other words, they
have cut off one fourth.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Yes, sir. But now
in my judgment we have our choice, so far as
this Congress is concerned, to take one hun-
dred and fifty thousand or none. In the next
Congress a supplementary resolution can be
adopted, providing for fifty thousand addi-
tional copies. One reason why I favor con-
currence in the amendments of the Senate is
that two years ago Congress adjourned without
authorizing the printing of this report at all;
and it gave us an immense deal of trouble,
which I do not want to see repeated.
Mr. MAYNARD. What objection is there
to non-concurring and asking a conference?
Mr. PROSSER. Want of time is the only
objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. A supplemental
resolution can be introduced in the next Con-
gress.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the chairman of the
Committee on Agriculture assents to these
amendments, I will not further resist them.
The amendments were concurred in.
congressional globe.
Mr. PROSSER. I am also directed by the
Committee on Printing to report a joint reso-
lution to provide for the purchase of complete
sets of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
for those members of the Forty-First Con-
gress who have not received the same. I yield
five minutes to the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Laflin.J
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, it is a most
ungracious task at this hour of the session to
rise here to oppose a proposition affecting
what may be termed the personal rights and
privileges of any member of this House; but
I wish to give a history of this matter, so that
the House may vote intelligently upon it.
The rule with reference to furnishing to Sen-
ators and members of the House sets of the
Globe was established in 1JS33-35, during the
Twenty-Third Congress; and up to the Thirty-
Fourth Congress each member and Senator
received a full set of the Globe. During the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, when the salaries of
members was increased to $3,000 a year, they
abrogated the right whereby each member was
entitled to a set of the Globe. During the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, owing to the fact that
the material for printing was so much in excess
of what it was before the war, an arrangement
was made with the proprietors of the Globe
whereby it was provided that each Senator,
Representative, and Delegate should have one
complete set of the Globe, reserving, how-
ever, the right to Congress to ajbrogate that
contract on two years' notice. Immediately
after the close of the war Congress gave that
notice, and we are now acting on the applica-
tion of that notice. So, then, the present Con-
gress does not get sets of Globes.
I wish to state one other fact. If this Con-
gress votes to new members who have not
received them a set of the Globe, we will estab-
lish the precedent which will continue during
the lifetime of the publication of the Globe.
Mr. CONGER. How much does it cost for
a set? *
Mr. LAFLIN. Four hundred and thirty
dollars for every single member and about
fifty-four thousand dollars in all.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask another ques-
tion.
Mr. LAFLIN. Not now. I wish to state
another fact. I want the House to understand
what this Globe costs. The Globe began ia
the Twenty-Third Congress, 1833-35, with one
volume, and continued at two volumes to the
Twenty-Seventh Congress, in 1841-43. Dur-
ing this Congress we have had eleven volumes,
eleven times the number of the Twenty-Third
Congress.
And I will add another fact. During the
first session of the present Congress, consist-
ing of twenty-six days, when the House did
not enter upon the general business of the
country, this Globe cost us $1,923 per day,
nearly $2,000, and sir, upon that basis the
probable cost for the Forty-First Congress will
be $469,701 73, or an average of about fifteen
hundred dollars per each member of Congress.
Now, sir, if during the Thirty Fourth Con-
gress, when the salaries of members of Con-
gress were increased to $3,000, the members
of Congress felt it incumbent upon them to
abrogate this privilege, I wish to know how the
Forty-First Congress can justify itself, when
our salaries have been increased to $5,000, in
renewing this expenditure on the part of the
Government. I hope the resolution will not
be adopted.
Air. PROSSER. I desire to say that the
members of the Thirty-Eighth, Thirty-Ninth,
and Fortieth Congresses were furnished with
these Globes just as this resolution proposes to
furnish sets of the Globes to members of the
Forty-First Congress who have not .received
them. I demand the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWOllTH. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The House divided ; and there were-
43, noes 93.
Mr. McNEELY. Have not these gentlemen
who object received their Globes?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thegentleman may
have mine, rather than I should vote for this
u steal."
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. And mine, too.
tift vs. whiteley.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House papers in the contested-elec-
tion case from Georgia of Tift against Whiteley;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
disabled soldiers and sailoes.
Mr. HAY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking from the Speaker's
table and passing Senate bill No. 1156, in-
creasing the pension of disabled soldiers and
sailors, and the widows of deceased soldiers
and sailors.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
invalid pensions ofall officers, soldiers, marines,
and sailors, of the land and naval forces, and
of the widows, children, and dependent rela-
tives of any of the same, granted or hereafter
to be granted under the provisions of general
law, and also the same pensions granted by
special law not in excess of the rate provided
by general law for similar cases, be, and the
same are hereby, increased by the sum of
twenty per cent, thereof, to commence on the *
1st day of March, 1871; provided that said
increase shall cease and terminate at the
expiration of five years from said last-men-
tioned date.
Mr. SARGENT. This would add $7,000,000
to the burdens of the people.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. As a member of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, I ask the
courtesy of the House to be heard four or five
minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to the gen-
tleman being heard. It would increase the
cost of the Globe. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. If this bill is passed
there will be one hundred thousand applicants
under it.
Mr. DAWES. It will take $7,000,000 out
of the Treasury.
Mr. VAN WYCK. If it is a just meas-
ure, let us pass it, though it should take
$70,000,000.
The question being taken on suspending tliQ
