470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
is not done to the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury by that distinction?
Mr. DAWES. I will tell the gentleman 
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman will have
plenty of opportunity afterward. The distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations tells us, when we ask that justice shall
be done to these officers known as chiefs of
divisions, to wait until the Treasury Depart-
ment is reorganized. The gentleman knows
that if I wait until that time it will be long
after I have left these Halls. I will say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that I do not
know a single person that will be affected by
the amendment, I have submitted. I have no
friends in that bureau ; but I know the char-
acter of its business, and the character of the
work done by the chiefs of divisions, and I
know that they ought to have increased com-
pensation.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations says that a proper compensation can
be given to the chiefs-of divisions under the
general bill, by which the Secretary of the
Treasury may disburse money to the Treasury
officers in the way he deems best. I have
before me an account of the disbursements in
18C9 under that act. I believe some ninety
clerks received additional compensation, but
these chiefs of divisions, who handle millions
of dollars annually, receive no additional com-
pensation. I submit that they are entitled
to an additional compensation, whether they
receive it in this form as chiefs of divisions
or in the manner proposed by the chairman
of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I will tell the gentleman
how it happens that in line three hundred and
eighty-seven there is a salary of $5,000 to the
First Comptroller, and in line three hundred
and ninety-lour a salary of $3,000 to the Second
Comptroller. It was just because the First
Comptroller had a friend here in the House
industrious and anxious to serve him, and that
fiiend rose in his place, not more than five
feet, from where the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] now stands, and moved just
Mich an amendment a3 this, and persuaded the
House to agree to it, against my opposition
and against my prophecy that, the effect of it
would be to induce every Comptroller and
every Auditor, through some friend in the
House, to move for an increased compensa-
tion. And he urged upon the House that it
was an exceptional case, and a thing that ought,
to be done, while others ought not to be done.
He persuaded the House to adopt his motion
in spite of all my appeals to the House to keep
uniformity, and to put the responsibility of
fixing the salaries of these officials where it
belongs, in the Treasury Department itself.
Thegentleman, now minister to England, asked
that the salary of the First Comptroller, be-
cause of his special services and great respons-
ibility, should be put at $5,000 a year, and the
House yielded to him, and since then there has
been no peace anywhere. [Laughter.] From
that day to this there has been no man oil the
Committee on Appropriations that is permitted
to sleep at nights because of this thing, and
no man has spent ten minutes in pressing upon
any memberof the committee the importance
of raising his salary without alluding to this
very case, the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury. The argument of each man has been that
since the gentleman now minister to England
got through the increase of salary for the First
Comptroller he might get somebody to do the
same thing for them.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he thinks $5,000 is excessive com-
pensation for the First Comptroller? Is it too
much?
Mr. DAWES. I think it is.
Mr. ALLISON. Then why do not the Com-
mittee on Appropriations propose to reduce it?
Mr. DA WJES. Because it happens to be fixed
by law.
Mr.CQNGER. Mr. Chairman, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations requests
the House to do as he requested the House a
year ago to do, to wait with Christian patience
iill the Secretary of the Treasury shall reorgan-
ize his Department. He requests the House, as
he requested it a year ago, to be calm and quiet
and pursue no investigation in regard to this
matter, just as he did a year ago, when it was
attempted to raise the salary of the Second
Comptroller, when it was attempted to make
the officers in the two Comptroller's bureaus
correspond to the officers in other portions of
the Treasury Department.
Now, I cannot tell why it is that my friend is
so perfectly satisfied with the present arrange-
ment, except that he sees this bill authorizes
the payment of an appropriation into the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury of some ten
or fifteen thousand dollars, to enable him to
give extra compensation to such officers as ha
thinks need it. I understand that to be the
proposition. I wish to say to the House that
we have heretofore appropriated $10,000, at
the request of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, to be expended by the Secretary of the
Treasury in paying extra compensation to those
chief clerks, the chiefs of division, who are
most deserving. I have here a list of those
men; there are twenty of them. The smallest
salary they receive is $2,300, and the largest
amount either of them receives is 82,800, and
their pay varies, some receiving $2,300, some
$2,500, and some $2,800. They are the chiefs
of division in the Treasury Department and
the chief clerks in that Department.
MESSAGE FROM TOE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox, one of its
clerks, informed the House that the Senate
bad passed, without amendment, the bill of
the House (H. II. No. 2616) making additional
appropriation for the improvement of the
Louisville and Portland canal for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S.
No. 1117) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be investigated claims
arising from depredations committed by or
on Indians in Kansas or Nebraska, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC , Al'PKOPlUATIO^ BX.LL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, itia in that
way that the feeling and wish and desire of
many members of this House to see that jus-
tice is done in the organization of the Treasury
to the most efficient among the subordinates of
the Treasury Department has been defeated
from year to year.
Now, I assert here in my place to-day, and I
have the means of proving it, that the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury has in his admin-
istrative and judicial capacity to decide upon
more claims, to examine more accounts, to
pass judicially upon those claims and see that
they are correct than the First Comptroller
has, by two to one. The Second Comptrol-
ler's office passed upon accounts during the
last year, independent entirely of the First
Comptroller's office, to the amount of §542,-
699,561. Over five hundred million dollars of
accounts pass through the Second Comptrol-
ler's office annually. The Second Comptroller
with his chief of division stands as a guard over
the Treasury in regard to the expenditure and
allowance of more money than any other subor-
dinate officer of the United States, at a cost to
the Government of only $3,000 a year, a triiie
above the amount paid to some of the clerks,
and considerably less than the amount paid to
another similar officer of the Government.
The proposition of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] is, as a whole, a proposition to
raise the salary of the Second Comptroller to
$5,000 a year; none too much, in my opinion,
for an officer who decides on accounts amount-
ing to over five hundred and forty million dol-
lars a year, upon whose action alone the
Treasury yields up is hundred and hundreds
of millions of dollars every year. Sir, there
is scarcely a cashier of a bank throughout
this whole land who receives a smaller sum
than we pay to the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury.
Again, there are chiefs of division in that
bureau who pass upon all tho Army claims,
who pass upon all the Navy claims, who
pass upon all appropriations, and all that
goes to make np this five hundred and forty-
odd million dollars, and who receive but
$1,800 a year each. Yet in the Department
proper of the Secretary of the Treasury there
are twenty clerks receiving $2,300, $2,500,
and $2,800 each, and receiving their com-
pensation from this very questionable special
appropriation which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr, Dawes] himself says is,put
into this bill.
Mr. DAWES. How many millions of dol-
lars of accounts pass through the office of the
Second Comptroller?
Mr. CONGER. During the fiscal year end-
ing December 31, 1870, the number of accounts
passing through that office 41,152.
Mr. DAWES. 1 want the numberof dollars.
Mr. CONGER,. 1 will come to that. The
number of vouchers examined in connection
with those accounts was 1,596,992. Over a
million and a half of vouchers passed through
the Second Comptroller's office in a single
year. And the amount of the accounts pre-
sented and passed upon in that office was
$542,699,561.
Mr. DAWES. That was more than all the
appropriations for the year.
Mr. CONGER. These are theaecounts that
pass through the Second Comptroller's office,
double the amount that passes through the
First Comptroller's office. The statement to
which I have referred is as follows :
List of divisions of clerks iii the office of the iSecuw!
Comptroller of the Treasury, xcxth the number oj
account8 revised and certified hy each division dur ■
iny the year ending -December 31, 1870, together icith
the. number of smglevouehers and the amount of m-oneu
involved.
n. . . jVo. of No. of Money
Divisions, accounts, vouches. involved.
Quartermasters' ac-
counts  2,05i5 203,503 8267.071, i2 >
Soldiers' claims and
Indian accounts.... 29,20-3 110,81)4 IS.532,073
Subsistence, oid-
nance, engineer
accounts  2,273 121,-344 25,20u,99G
Army paymasters'
accounts  1,273 145,810 166,525,53 J
Pension agents' ac-
counts  125 431,499 29,227,541
2s aval accounts  6,210 283,703 35,148,092
41,152 1,596,992 $542,699,561
"dumber of clerks employed, including copyists
and book-keepers, 92, who revise and certily the
accounts audited by 570clerks employed in the Sec-
ond, Third, and Fourth Auditors' olSces, giving a
little less than one clerk in this offico to each six in
the Auditors' ofiices.''
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BECK. I hope the amendment now
offered will not be adopted, and for this rea-
son: the Register of the Treasury, several of
the Auditors, and quite a large number of the
important officers of the Treasury Department,
have had their eases laid before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, each one by himself or
friends, urging that we should make his salary
equal to the salary of somebody else mentioned
in the appropriation bill, generally equal to
the salary of the First Comptroller. Many ot
them present cases that are extremely merit-
orious, and show that the heads of the several
bureaus have not received any increase of sal-
ary, or at the most very little increase, from
the foundation of the Government or the crea-
tion of the office, though their duties and the
cost of living have gradually increased, while
many other officers have had their salaries
