1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1297
Mf. CARPENTER. Formerly you had
relatively higher salaries than now ; and, in
addition to that, take the judges right through
on the bench who have been there for years,
and a majority of them were wealthy men.
They could not otherwise have been there.
There was one instance where that was not
the fact. There was Judge Curtis, who was
on the bench at $6,000 a year. He could go
to the bar and make $15,000 a year, and he
did it. Judge Taney presided for twenty-nine
years as Chief Justice of the United States, a
man whose ability and capacity, had he ex-
erted th'eni at the bar, would have yielded him
a handsome return and enabled him to leave
his children a handsome competence. He
labored there like a slave for twenty-nine
years, and died poor, and his children to-day
are begging bread.
Mr. CONKLING. Died, if my friend will
allow me, in circumstances like J ames Mon-
roe, who, after he had been President of the
United States, became a justice of the peace
to earn his daily bread; and not so poor as
many another man whom I can mention who
served more than twenty-nine years.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, there are some
men who are insane on the subject of patriot-
ism. There are some men who will sacrifice
their material interests, who will sacrifice their
children, who will deprive themselves of the
means of living handsomely and the means of
educating their children and planting them in
life, for the sake of holding office. There are
such men, and some of them are able men.
There is no doubt about that. But the ques-
tion is whether, in the ordinary run of things,
you will secure such judges by low salaries,
or if the tendency of the thing be not in this
country and in our day the other way 1 And
here I should say that that condition of affairs
belongs to a state of society that has passed
away. When Chief Justice Taney came to
the bench, when Chief Justice Marshall came
to the bench, when Mr. Madison was Pres-
ident, money was not the power it is now in
this country; money did not buy a man's entree
into any social position where he would not
otherwise be admitted ; money did not make
him a kingto-day it does.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope I shall be
allowed to get through, as I have already
answered so many questions.
Mr. GONKLING. But if the Senator will
allow me I should like to ask a question bear-
ing on his last remark.
Mr. CARPENTER. As I cannot help it I
will.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know,
for information, whether he approves of this
progress we are making, and whether he thinks
it is desirable to legislate so that money shall
still more be king and shall stalk yet more
high-headed in American society than it does?
Mr. CARPENTER. Ah! Let us see how
that stands. Go to England. Take the Eng-
lish Government. To-day, in one branch of
it, they mean that wealth shall rule. Their
theory is that the laws ought to be made by
the wealth of the country; and how do they
secure that result ? They refuse to pay a mem-
■ ber of Parliament a dollar for his services.
What is the consequence? The House of
Commons to-day is the richest body of men
in England. None but wealthy men can fill
. offices there; none but wealthy men can sit
in Parliament. They talk about extending
the right of suffrage to vote for members of
the House of Commons to the poor. What
benefit will that be to the poor man? He
cannot be elected to Parliament. He has
therefore no interest in it, because he could
not support himself if he were allowed to go
there.- They have by establishing _tliis_prin-
ciple kept the poor from participation in the
Government, and given its political depart-
ment over to the rich.
41sx Cong. 3d Sess—-No. 82.
Now let us see how it is with the judicial
branch of the English Government. 1 am no
admirer of that Government, but I undertake
to say that its judicial department has been
administered with a distinction not excelled
by any other nation on earth, either in the
ability of its judges or the impartiality of their
judgments, l'or centuries. And how? By pay-
ing their judges low salaries 1 No, sir. But
by throwing that door open to the poor as well
as the rich. The poor boy who comes down
from Scotland can never rise in the political
department of the Government; in another he
may bo the chancellor of England, through the
profession, on to the bench, from the bench
to the woolsack; and in that way the highest
political position that a subject in England can
reach. How has that been done ? How have
the poor been introduced into that depart-
ment? By paying a salary that makes every
judge able to take his place among the aris-
tocracy of the realm. They pay each of their
judges to-day more than we pay a President.
And so a poor man may be a judge in Eng-
land, and in that way they have opened the
way and made the English bench, not the rep-
resentative of the wealth of England, but the
representative of the brains, the virtue, the
people of England.
Mr. NYE. And there they never allow
them to go back to the bar.
Mr. SHERMAN. If 1 do not interrupt my
friend from Wisconsin, I will say I think I
can show him by reference to the English
authorities, and also by the common judgment
of mankind, that as a rule the American bench
has been superior in point of ability and capa-
city to the English bench for fifty years; and
especially the Supreme Court of the United
States. From its earliest organization to this
hour it has stood as high as any court in Eng-
land, although the salaries of our judges have
not been more than about one fifth or one
sixth of the salaries of judges in England.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I do
not propose to express any disparagement of
the American bench. I only alluded to what
had been said by another Senator, without
even indorsing the statement or professing to
have any knowledge of its correctness. But
I have spoken of certain natural tendencies,
and, for illustration, I referred to the English
bench, not to compare our judges unfavorably
with theirs, but to mark the distinction which
in the English system exists between the Par-
liament and the judicial courts in regard to
salaries and the resulting consequence. It is
well known that the most eminent judges on
the English bench rose to that position from
absolute poverty. The salaries raised them
above the limitations of poverty and enabled
them to occupy seats on the bench. They
cannot hold political position; poverty forbids
it. So, I say, you secure the best men in the
country by paying competent salaries, and
render your courts accessible to the poor as
well as the rich, and you exclude the poor
unless you give a proper compensation.
An act of Congress which should provide
that no man should be a judge unless he had
a certain income would raise a mutiny in this
country; and yet what is the practical differ-
ence between such a law and one fixing the
salary so low that a man cannot take the office
unless he has that income? You produce the
same result. You debar poor men from the
bench and give it over to the rich by that pro-
vision, and you do it as much in practical
result by the one system as by the other.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] objects to a provision which shall pay all
district judges alike, and declares ills prefer-
ence for what is called the graduated-system. of
salaries. I totally dissent from his iiews upon
this subject. Such a system creates Invidious
distinctions between the judges. It says to
one: "you are an excellent judge; great
responsibilities devolve upon you ; you shall
receive $6,000." To- another it says: "you
have not quite as much ability as your brother ;
$5,000 will do for you." And to another:
11 four thousand or thirty-five hundred dollars
is'enough for you." Why do we not adopt
such a system in the Senate? Here is the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conkxiko,] bearing
a name distinguished in the judicial annals of
the country, who has served tnany years in.the
other House, who sustains high responsibility
in our proceedings here, a close reasoner, an
eloquent advocate, and an eminent statesman,
who, if capacity, experience, and influence are
to be compensated upon a graduated scale of
salaries, ought to receive at least five times as
much as myself; and yet you pay me the same
salary you pay him, because you will not insti-
tute invidious distinctions in the Senate, and
because you hope that Wisconsin will some
time mend her ways and send a Senator in
my place who may equal my friend, the distin-
guished Senator from New York.
What better principle can regulate your con-
duct in regard to your judges? If a man is
not fit to take his seat upon the bench in New
York, and decide any and all causes that may
come before him, he is not fit to administer
justice in Nevada or New*Hampshire. You
desire to secure upon the bench in every State
men of character and capacity. Justice is the
same everywhere, and its administration re-
quires the same intelligence and learning and
moral worth on the Rocky mountains as on
the Atlantic coast. And the question is what
system will, in all places and under all cir-
cumstances, command the necessary qualifica-
tions?
Mr. President, if you had an important law-
suit to be tried in New York, involving your
life, your liberty, or, what is more precious
still, your sacred honor, you would not go to
that city and inquire what lawyer would try
your case for $500, nor advertise an offer to
commit your case to the management of the
lowest bidder. But you would inquire for
suitable counsel, and you would expect to pay
him, like a gentleman, the current rate of
compensation for counsel of his class. So, if
you were suffering physical ailment, and con-
templated the amputation of a limb, you would
seek some competent surgeon, and would not
think of submitting your case to the surgeon
who might offer his services at the lowest price.
If you want a good judge how are you to
secure one except by the same process? You
want a Federal judge in New York city. The
question is not who will take the place for
$4,000, but who. is the proper man for the
place, and then what rate of compensation will
induce him to leave his practice at the bar and
go upon the bench; and this compensation
must bear some relation to the value of his
services at the bar. And how can you expect
that a first-class lawyer, who can earn $25,000
a year at the bar, will forego that advantage
and perform five times the amount of labor on
the bench for one fifth of that sum? If he is
rich he may accept the position ; if he is poor
he cannot. So it comes to this, that among
the men who are fit to hold the position only
the rich can accept it, unless you attach to the
office a salary that amounts in fair degree to
compensation.
The Senator from New York says that the
business of the Federal courts is decreasing.
I think he is in error. Undoubtedly the little
shower of business resulting from the internal
revenue law, transient in its nature, may be
diminishing, and in a short time may entirely
disappear. I hope it may. But does the Sen-
ator really believe that while our national lim-
its are constantly extending, the business,
wealth, and commerce of our country con-
stantly increasing, and the nation steadily ad-
vancing in all the paths of greatness, power,
and glory, the duties of the judicial depart-
ment of the Government will be decreasing?
There are two methods of government. One
is by law administered by the courts, and the
other by military power. Every d y brings
