1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
Mr. BANKS. I mov&that the amendments
be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1uver and harbor bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
3036, making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain pub-
lic works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, to have the amendments non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
asked on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Sawyer, Mr.
Potter, and Mr. Ingersoll as the conferees
on the part of the House.
benjamin vanniman.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to make a unanimous report from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, in favor of House bill No.
2791, for the relief of Benjamin Yanniman, of
Greene county, Ohio.
The bill, which was read, requires the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue to Benjamin
Vanniman, of Greene county, Ohio, two ten-
forty bonds, for $500 each, with interest cou-
pons faliingdue after September 1, 18C4, under
act of March 3, 1864, in lieu of two ten-forty
bonds of like amounts, with coupons, &c.,
numbered 4322 and 4323, issued under said
act, and which, as the property of said Benja-
min Vanniman, were, between the 1st and 15th
of September, 1864, destroyed by rats.
Mr. KELLOGG. I propose to move to
amend the bill by adding to it the following:
Provided, That before issuing such new bonds the
Secretary of the Treasury shall require a sufficient
bond of indemnity, securing the Government against
the presentation of the bonds alleged to have been
destroyed.
No objection was made, and the bill was
received and amended ; and, as amended, it
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved" that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge at clinton, iowa.
Mr. WOLF. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, so as to pass Senate bill No. 1301, in
relation to the bridge across the Mississippi at
Clinton, Iowa.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
bridge across the Mississippi river at Clinton,
Iowa, and more particularly described in an
act entitled ''An act declaring CliDton bridge
across the Mississippi river at Clinton, in the
State of Iowa, a post route," approved Febru-
ary 27, 1867, shall be open to the trains of all
roads desiring to cross on said bridge, to the
extent of the capacity thereof, and the person
or persons, company or corporation, owning
or controlling the use of said bridge shall per-
mit such trains to cross on payment of a rea-
sonable compensation, as provided in relation
to other bridges across said river by an act
entitled "An act to authorize the construction
of certain bridges and establish them post
roads," approved July 25, 1866. And in case
the parties interested cannot agree, the party
or parties seeking to cross said bridge may
file a petition in any court having general
j tirisdiction of civil actions between the propri-
etors of said bridge and the party so seeking
the privilege of crossing the same, giving a
general description of said bridge, and stating,
as near as may be, the extent to which such
petitioner or petitioners wish to use said bridge,
and also the fact of his or their inability to
procure an agreement for the use of the same.
Upon the filing of such petition, the parties
owning and using said bridge shall be served
with the notice required by the practice of said
court in civil actions, and upon afulland final
hearing of all the parties the court shall de-
termine the extent and manner of the use of
the same by the parties interested, and the
compensation to be paid for such use, with the
approaches thereto, and the time and manner
of the payment of such compensation, and
such court shall have full power to make any
order necessary for enforcing the provisions
of this act, subject to the right of appeal to
either party.
Mr. WOLF. I propose to offer the follow-
ing amendment to the bill, for the purpose of
making the terms agreeable to all parties.
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed so as to prevent the present owners of said
bridge, their assigns and lessees, from having the
unrestricted use of the same so far as it may bo
necessary for the transaction of their own business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That bill
ought to pass.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope not; itisaprop-
osition to take without compensation the prop-
erty of one company and give it to another.
Mr. WOLF. No, sir; not without compen-
sation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The question was then taken on suspending
the rules ; and there were, upon a division—
ayes 28, noes 53; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lougiiridge
and Mr. Fox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-eight,
noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
reissue of patents.
Mr. MYERS. I move that the rnles be so
suspended as to take from the Speaker's table
and pass Senate bill No. 1356, to amend an
act to revise, consolidate and amend the stat-
utes relating to patents and copyrights. It is
in favor of inventors, and rendered necessary,
by the practical working of the present law.
The bill, which was read, provides that
that part of section thirty-three of an act
entitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights," approved July 8, 1870, which re-
quires that, in case of application by assignee
or assignees for reissue of letters-patent, the
application shall be made aud the specifica-
tion sworn to by the inventor or dibcoverer,
if living, shall not be construed to apply to
patents issued and assigned prior to July 8,
1870.
Mr. MYERS. This bill is simply designed
to prevent the former act from being construed
as retroactive.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
ventilation of the hall.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented from the select Committee on Ventila-
tion of the Hall, two reports in writing; which
were ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
message from the senate.
A message from th&Senate, by Mr. Stmpsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. K. No. 2334) granting a pension
to Adam Correll;
An act (H. 11. No. 2326) granting a pension
to Henry Barton;
An act (H. It. No. 2331) granting a pension
to Rachel W. Huston ;
An act (H. R. No. 2303) granting a pension
to Chauncey H. Goodale;
An act (H. R. No. 2231) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Wells; and
An act (II. R. No. 3003) granting a pension
to John Preveaux, a citizen of Amesbury,
Massachusetts.
william and maky college.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented from the Committee on Education and
Labor, a report relative to the claim for dam-
ages to the College of William aud Mary, Vir-
ginia ; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
clerk of reconstruction committee.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Accounts the
following resolution :
Mesolved by the House of liepreseiitatives. That tho
Clerk of the llouse be authorized to pay, from the
contingcntfund. for clerk-hire expenses oftheCom-
mittee on Reconstruction during the late recess of
this Congress, a sum not exceeding $000.
Objection was made.
new judicial district in new york.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with
an amendment in the form of a substitute, a
bill (H. R. No. 468) establishing an additional
judicial district in the northern district of the
State of New York. If the House will allow
me three minutes to state this case I shall be
perfectly willing to submit the question to its
judgment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object if an oppor-
tunity is to be given to discuss the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, I have no otyec-
tion to giving the gentleman such opportunity.
I desire to state some of the reasons operating
upon the mind of the Judiciary Committee in
making this report.
The northern district of New York was estab-
lished in 1813. It then embraced a population
of but seven hundred thousand. To-day, by
the census returns, there are within the limits
of that district two million three hundred
thousand people. At the time when this dis-
trict was established the commerce of the lakes,
having its eastern terminus in that district,
was estimated annually at but $1,000,000; To-
day that commerce is estimated annually at
$1,000,000,000. This district embraces four
fifths of the area of the State of New York.
It has a frontier boundary upon Canada of five
hundred miles; and all the revenue cases
arising upon this long line of boundary, includ-
ing smuggling cases, and also all the admi-
ralty cases arising within the territorial limits
of this district upon this vast annual amount
of commerce, fall within the jurisdiction of the
courts of that district and must be tried there.
What is the result? While the average an-
nual expenses of the district courts of the
United States for fees of jurors, witnesses, and
marshals are but 323,000, the annual expend-
iture for this purpose in the northern, dis-
trict of New York is $81,000. The number
of cases pending in that district to which the
United States was a party was on the first day
of this year four hundred and one, while^the
entire number of cases to which the United
States was a party in the four districts em-
braced within the great States of Ohio and
Michigan was but three hundred and eleven,
showing a difference of nearly one hundred
cases, and being one hundred more cases than
there are working days in the year. It is
utterly impossible to administer justice within
this northern district unless the division now
proposed be made.
I beg leave to say further, that after this
division there will remain more than a million
of population in the northern district, with its
mighty commerce, with its foreign boundary
line of some five hundred miles, with its in-
numerable admiralty cases. In addition to
that, I venture to say, though I have not the
figures before me, that the number of cases
