1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
pending at this day in that court between pri-
vate individuals greatly outnumbers the cases
between like parties in the four districts within
the States of Ohio and Michigan.
I desire to say further, Mr. Speaker, that
owing to the great distance which jurors and
witnesses have to come, and the pressure on
the court by reason of the great number of
cases pending, the costs swell up annually to
over eighty thousand dollars. I venture to say,
and desire to put it upon record, if the rec-
ommendation of the committee be adopted, it
will result in an annual saving to the Treasury
of the United States of not less than $20,000,
after deducting the additional expense of the
new judge, the new marshal, and the new
clerk. Beyond that, sir, it saves an indefinite
amount to the people of that great State, who,
from year to year, are suitors in this northern
district.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Wo have
one judicial district on Long Island which is
utterly unnecessary. It is as worthless as the
fifth wheel to a coach. If that be transferred
to the northern part of New York I have no
objection ; but I do object to increasing the
judicial districts.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman's propo-
sition is against nature, as it is quite impossi-
ble to transfer Long Island to northern New
York. [Laughter.] I ask for a vote.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
78, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Bingham and Mr.
Wood.
The Ilouse again divided; a*nd the tellers
reported—ayes 111, noes 1G.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was
passed.
qeouge wright.
Mr. STILES moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of discharging the Committee of
Claims from the further consideration of and
passing Senate bill No. 493, for the relief of
George Wright.
The bill, which was read, provides that out of
any money in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated the Secretary of
the Treasury pay to George Wright the sum of
$1,500, in full consideration for the entire past
and future use by the Government of the Uni-
ted States of the patent lineh-pinof said George
Wright; provided that said George Wright
shall first execute-and deposit with the War
Department, a full, sufficient, and legal trans-
fer and license to the Government to use said
linch-pin for Government purposes, free of all
charges or royalty.
So (two thirds having voted iu the affirma-
tive) the Committee of Claims was discharged
lrom the further consideration of the bill, and
it was passed.
jTsuemiah smitii.
Mr. SJTLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
_ Tie it remlveJ, That tin? Clerk of tho Ilouse bo
directed to pay from the contingent fund to Jere-
miah bmith.an assistant in tho west cloak-room,
compensation as laborer for tho time during which
no has served.
tennessee judicial districts.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iask unan-
imous consent to introduce and pass a bill to
divide lennessee into two judicial districts. I
simply desire to say that this does not legis-
late the present judge out of office.
Mr. HOL.MAN. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
The bill was read as follows:
That the State of Tennessee bo divided by a line
extending from the boundary line of the State of
Kentucky between the counties ot Macon, Smith,
Do Ivilb, Ciurioji, an-i I-'r-inklin on riic oast,
jin i ibo couiint's of Sumner, Wi^un, Ilutherioid,
Jjcdi.ml. Lincoln on the west, to tho boundary
ime ot the- Stale qi' Aia^amu, two judicial dis-
tricts, to be known as the eastern and western dis-
tricts of Tennessee 5 and there shall be appointed for
the eastern district by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a district j udge, a
district attorney, and a marshal, who shall severally
hold their offices and leceive compensation as now
provided by law for such officer.®: Provided, That
this act shall not affect the tenure of office of the
present judge of the district court: but he isassigned
to the western district only.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That in and forthe
eastern district of Tennessee there shall be held at
Knoxville, at Chattanooga, andatMcMinnville, each
year two terms of the district court a.nd two terms of
the circuit court as iollows: at McMinnville thedis-
tnct court and the circuit court shall be held on the
first Mondays of April and October; at Chattanooga,
the district court and the circuit court shall be held
on the second Mondays of April and October; and at
Knoxville, the district court and the circuit court
shall be held on the second Mondays of May and
November. In and for the western district of Ten-
nessee there shall be held at Huntingdon, at Mem-
phis, and at Nashville, each year two terms ot the
district court and two terms of the circuit court, as
follows: at Huntingdon, the district court and the
circuit court shall beheld on the first Mondays of
April and October; at Nashville, the district court
and the circuit court shall be held on the second
Mondays of April and October; and at Memphis, the
district court and the circuit court shall be held on
the second Mondays of May and November; and all
process issued by either of said courts in each of the
said districts shall have effect and be valid andelfect-
ive throughout the entire district when issued for
each of said courts. A clerk shall be appointed by
the judge for each court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all suits now
pending, and all proceedings, civil or criminal, begun
in either of the courts at Knoxville, Nashville, or
Memphis, shall not, by reason of anything in this
act, abate, but the same shall continue in the courts
at these places, respectively, in the same plight and
condition as at the passage of this act, and all the
records of the said courts, respectively, slinll remain
and be preserved as the records of the courts held
at the same places, to the efid that all judgments
may be executed arid all process returned. All
recognizances, appearance bail, and process of any
kind heretofore entered into or issued before or
from either of the said courts shall be returnable
to the first term of tne court to be held at the same
places, respectively, under the provisions of this act.
And thej udges, respectively, may make all necessary
rules and orders for the trial and final disposition of
all such causes that the endsot justice shall require.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the present
district attorneys and marshals shall, notwithstand-
ing anything in this act contained,continue to hold
their olliees during the remainder of their unexpired
terms, uud shall otlieiate as lollows: the district
attorney and marshal of East Tennessee at Knox-
ville and Chattanooga; tho distnet attorney and
rnar-h :1 of Middle Tennessee at McMinnville and
jNabhville ; the district attorney and marshal of W est
Tennessee at Huntingdon and Memphis. But when
any ot s,ud olliees shall bceomc vacant by death,
resignation, removal, or by the expiration of the
term, or otherwise, no appointment shall be made
except m conformity with the provisions of the iir&t
•section of this act.
Seu. 5. And be it further enacted, That the first,
secondhand third sections of an act approved Janu-
ary 01,17U7, entitled "An act giving effect to the laws
ot the United States within the State of Tennessee,
and the act amendatory thereof, approved February
19,1791); and thesixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth,
nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first sections of
an act approved April 29,1802, entitled "An act to
amend the judicial system of the United States;"
and the act approved June 18,1838, entitled "An act
to require the judge of the district court of East and
\v est Tennessee to hold a court at J ackson, in said
State," and all other acts and parts oi acts establish-
ing distnet and circuit courts in said State or regu-
lating the terms thereof, are hereby repealed.
conference committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fr om Illi-
nois [Mr. Inueksoll] who was appointed one
of the conferees on the part of the House on
the river and harbor appropriation bill, being
absent from the Ilouse, or not having been
found, the Chair will take the liberty of nom-
inating in his stead Mr. Congee of Michigan.
message i'kom tiie president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his sec-
retaries, informed the House that the President
had approved and signed bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles :
A joint resolution (Iir B. No. 519) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal;
An act (ti. R. No. 2709) for the relief of
Joseph Anderson, a citizen ot Davidson county,
State ot Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 2933) ceding certain lands
in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan, to I£. A.
Franks;
An act (H. R. No. 996) to provide for the
collection of debts due from southern railroad
corporations, and for other purposes ;
An act(H. II. No. 2925) to amend an act
entitled "An act to require the holding of addi-
tional district and circuit courts in the district
of Indiana, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No.-3033) to authorize the
construction of abridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State;
An act (II. R. No. 1582) authorizing the
terms of the United States district court to be
held at Helena, Arkansas, and for other pur-
poses;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 469) granting
the Chicago and Illinois Southern Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Wabash river, and declaring the same a post
road; and
An act (H. R. No. 1478) to provide for
celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence by holding an inter-
national exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 187(3.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsov,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate insisted on its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 303U)
making appropriations for the repair, preserv-
ation, and completion of certain public works .
on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes,
agreed to the conference asked for by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed Mr. Chaxdler, Mr. Buck-
ingham, and Mr. Johnston conferees on the
part of the Senate.
At this point Mr. Ferry took the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
tennessee judicial districts.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill to divide the Stale of
Tennessee into two judicial districts.
The question being taken, there were—yeas
95, noes 26.
Mr. H0LMAN. I must ask for the yeas
and nays on this bill.
The question being put on ordering tho yeas
and nays, there were—ayes 20, noes 73.
So (one fifth having voted in fivor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—
yeas 111, nays 70, not voting 59 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Barry, Beaman, Bennett. Benton,
Bethune, Bingham, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buttinton.Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin 1'.
Butler, Roderick 11. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Sid-
ney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cougcr,
Cowles, Cullom, parrall, Degencr, Joseph Dixon,
Dockery, Donley, Ela, Periy, Fisher, 1m leh, Ctilfillan,
Hamilton, ll.'iv-. Ilcfiin, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes,
Hooper, llotchkii-s, lngersoil, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Julian.Kelley, Ivellogg, Kelsey, Ketchain,
Latiin, Lash, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCrary, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur,
Milnes, Jesse 11. Moore, Morey, Morpliis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, llalbert II. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Sawyer, Scoheld, Lionel A.Sheldon, John A.Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Strickland, Sypher.Taffe, Tanner, To tvnsend,'t'wich-
ell, Tyroer, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welkcr, Whiteley, Whitmore,
and Williams—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Amblor, Archer, Beatty,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Booker, James Brooks, Cleve-
land, Coburn, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dox, Duke, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkelnbursr. Fox, Gar-
field, (Iriswold, llaight, Ilaldemnn, llamlileton,
Ilaimll, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Holman, Tnouuu"
r ,?"??• J,11"11. Kerr Lewis, Logan, Manning,Mar-
shall, Mayham, McCormick, McNcely, Alorrissey,
Mungen, .Niblack, Orth, Porter, Potter, Price,
Willaru Winchester, Wood, and Young—7U.
\0XING—Messis. Allison, Asctell, Bailey,
Banks, Barnutn, Beck, Benjamin. Bo wen, Boyd,
Lurr, Oajse, CalUm, William T. Clark, Cook, Corker.
