1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>1299
court at a single point. I think it would be
absolutely unjust to diminish this pay; it
would be unreasonable to diminish it.
I am not going to add anything to the ques-
tion which has been so elaborately discussed
as to the character of the services performed
by these gentlemen, the character of men you
must have to perform them, and the fact,
which I think isa simple truism, that if you do
not pay men of ability sufficient to give them
n respectable support, fit for their station,
which is the highest in our community—the
administration of justice between man and
man—you will degrade your public service,
and you will degrade it in the manner most
costly to your people in every sense of the
word. Jt is poor economy to put your judges,
men from whom you expect the very highest
faculties with which men are gifted, to be
exercised in behalf of the whole community,
upon meager, insufficient salaries. If you do
it. you will, beyond any manner of doubt, con-
fine your selections for the judicial service of
this country to two classes: first, those men
who by accident are rich, and therefore can
live independent of their salary; and second,
those who are poor, and poor because they
iiave not the brains or the sense to earn a
decent remuneration in their pursuit.
If any man thinks that it is a service to the
American people that you are to have men
pat into judicial offices because they are so
incompetent and have so little ability that they
cannot earn the equivalent of their salary in
t he pursuit of their profession privately, I for
one am unable to see it. Then, if you shall
put your salaries so low as that you must give
the office to men who have means extraneous
to their profession to live upon, that again will
circumscribe your choice. There is one thing
plain, that every lawyer must know, that no
man practices law who can help it. I never
knew a man who practiced law successfully
for the mere love or it. Nothing but a neces-
sity can compel a man to undergo the wear
and tear of mind and brain that will make him
a good lawyer.
Then you will find that your best lawyers
have been at one time of their lives poor
men. If they are poor men, how can you ask
them to take an office the salary of which will
fail to sustain them in their ordinary mode of
life? Remember that this profession is a lib-
eral one ; it ought to be so; and a man whose
mind is to be exercised usefully must not be
h,mijH.*r?fi at every moment by the thought
of a baiiilf looking over his shoulder. A man
who pursues the profession of the law sim-
ply with an idea of dollars and cents will
amount to very little in it. At the same time
he is but a man; he must live, and he cannot
in justice to himself or those who are depend-
ent on him take an office which entirely ex-
cludes him from any other means of liveli-
hood a::d yet will not give him a fair and
liberal support for himself and his family.
I do not wish to reflect in the least degree
upon the gentlemen who fill the judicial offices
of this country, bat I will simply pat it to the
experience of every man who hears me, and
who may not wish to agree with me on this
point, whether he does not know that when
judicial offices have become vacant they have
constantly gone the rouuds among the leading
men of the profession, and have been rejected
because the pay was not sufficient. That is a
fact, and the result has been that instead of
being enabled to receive the benefit of the
highest class of services which would inure
if they got the best men, they have been com-
pelled to take, others.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator whether that was not the very case
iu hand?
Mr. BAYAllD. What case does the Sen-
ator refer to ?
Mr. CONKLING. These offices were created
a little more than ft year ago; and did it come
to the Senator's knowledge that there was a
dearth, among members of the first rank of
their profession, of those who would aecept
the office?
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not
mean to reflect—it is ungracious, perhaps, to
reflect—upon the character of the appointees.
Suffice it to say that the Senate voted to confirm,
them, and I do not mean in this broad way to
cast anything like an imputation upon their
ability or professional character; but I do
mean to say that a man like my friend from
New York could not have accepted the office,
for he could not live on the pay.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to my hon-
orable friend that in the case of New York so
many were the men of distinguished eminence
in their profession, and of the highest charac-
ter, who would not only accept, but did not
conceal their wish to receive this office, that
the question was a very embarrassing and a
very awkward one. That is the truth about it.
Mr. BAYARD. Now, I will ask my hon-
orable friend one question. Did not those
gentlemen accept that office under the belief,
was it not a confident belief iu the country,
that their salaries would be amended?
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, as was
said here and elsewhere, these salaries were
fixed, not as a formality, but as something
more than that, and when the bill was dis-
cussed and the total of expense involved in it
was stated, the records will show that such
consideration was given to the subject as filed
a caveat, gave notice to every man for the
near and the far future that he must not take
the office with any such understanding.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not prepared to admit
the fact that there was any such caveat filed,
whether written or unwritten, in this case, that
these gentlemen were not to be advanced in
their salaries. On the contrary, I do know
that the complete inadequacy of our judicial
salaries for the services performed was an ad-
mitted fact among menbers of Congress and
throughout the country long before any meas-
ure of amelioration was brought forward. I
believe there is throughout the country a sense
of the fact that these salaries were fixed long
ago, at a day when twenty-five cents were worth
a hundred nowadays, and that the labors
of these men have been vastly increased, and
that their salaries have become more and
more inadequate as the scale of living has
advanced.
In regard to this question, so far as it affects
the circuit judges, i speak entirely in an ab-
stract view. I speak of it without the personal
knowledge of any single gentleman who is a
circuit judge; nay, more than that, there are
some of them whose ability I might question;
others whom I have heard very high accounts
of, and of whom I might approve: bat I am
speaking of the general principle that should
attach to fixing remuneration for judicial ser-
vices. I am satisfied that for the safety of the
people, for the safety of the humbler men of
society, you must have a judge, first, of ability
and next of independence. If you wish to
give to the poor man of this country his great
safeguard against oppression, give him judi-
cial purity : and that you will best get by con-
sidering of what stuff men are made, and rec-
ognizing that they must be sustained in that
station by independence, certainly pecuniary
independence, to begin with.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I hava ob-
served during my career in legislative bodies
that whenever it was proposed to raise salaries,
or whenever it was desired by persons holding
office to have high salaries, there was an argu-
ment always at hand; and that was, that in
order to secure the best ability we must pay
very high salaries. But, sir, the argument is
not a sound one. It is not necessary that the
salary of an officer should be out of propor-
tion to the wages and earnings in other depart-
ments of life. We have heard no complaint
in any section of the country that persons of
the highest eminence, of the greatest legal
attainments, of the longest experience, and o£
the most extended practice refused to receive
these offices at the salaries which they have
been enjoying.
Mr. President, I rise upon the present occa-
sion to remind the Senate that we have aa
enormous national debt; and to pay the inter-
est upon this debt requires us to tax the whole
resources of this country, and we want our
people to take this immense load upon their
shoulders, and cheerfully, willingly to come
up and pay the amount necessary to support
the Government. But, sir, in order to do that,
we must, as legislators, show that we intejid to
administer the Government economically in
all its departments in our provision for every
branch of the public service, in oar own salaries
and compensation, in the salaries of our judges
and other public officers ; and then the people
with one accord willingly, with unanimity, will
come forward and sustain us and cheerfully
pay off the burden under which this nation is
resting.
At least for the present, until the effects of
the war are over, until these burdens do not
bear so heavily upon the petfple, for the present,
economy should be our motto, and should
be emblazoned upon all our standards. Then
this people will come forward and pay the
public debt, and they will do so cheerfully;
but now from Maine to Georgia there is a
clamor that taxes are onerous; the poor are
suffering; the property of the country is suf-
fering; there are obstructions to trade and
commerce, caused by the heavy taxes which
the people have to pay. I conclude, sir, by
saying that if you want the people to pay the
debt cheerfully you must have economy in
the appropriations for salaries for your public
officers.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, this debate
has already been so much procrastinated that
I mingle with much hesitation in it. I know
how anxious is the Senator who has charge
of the bill to dispose of it. But looking from
the stand-point which I occupy at the question
in relation to these salaries as of very much
importance in all its bearings, I am inclined
to £.ay a very few words in relation to the
amendment now pending.
I did not vote to retain the salaries of the
district judges as was proposed by the com-
mittee who reported the bill. I did not believe
in any Procrustean rule that would add capa-
city to the brains of men who did not receive
so many dollars in compensation as others in
different localities. And I fail now to see the
force of any argument which will scale the
compensation without regard to the service
which is to be performed.
But the question now is on striking out that
clause which gives to thecircuit judges a salary
of $7,000. the Senate, wrongfully, I think,
and against my vote, has decided to retain that
elanse which gives to all the district judges
$5,000. It does occur to me that the circuit
judges, from the character of their duties, are
entitled to a compensation beyond that which
we pay to the district judges.
When the bill was reported to this body
creating the circuitcourts it is true, as has been
stated by the Senator from New York, that the
question of salary was fully and amply dis-
cussed, and after the law had been passed I
wish to add my experience to his in saying that
iu the circuit where I reside the best minds
there sought tho position ; and the man who
holds the position to-day was the man who stood
at tho head of tha bar in my State, without his
peer.
Now it is proposed, if I understand the
argument, to give us a more efficient judiciary
by increasing the salaries. Who of all the
judges that were appointed under that law is
to be removed, and a better and a superior man
to take his place in consequence of increasing
the salary, I should like to know. And who of
ail the men appointed to the circuit court
to-day is not amply possessed of' all the quali-
