1912
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ELECTION COSIEST BEARD VS. CORKER.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
privilege, and submit a report, with t^n accom-
panying resolution, from the Committee of
Elections in the contested-election case of
Thomas P. Beard vs. Stephen A. Corker, from
the fifth congressional district of the State of
Georgia.
The report was read, stating the facts in tlie
case, and that owing to the late period of the
sess.on it was not practicable to fully invest-
igate the case, and asking that the Committee
of Elections be discharged f'rom*its further con-
sideration, and that the following resolution
be adopted by the House:
Resolved, That Thomas P. Beard, havingcontested
the seat of Hon. Stephen A. Coiker as a Represent-
ative in this House from the fifth congressional dis-
trict of Georgia m Rood faith, there shall be paid to
him out of the contingent fund of tho House of Rep-
1 usentatives thesum of $1,000, in full for his expenses
in such contest.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution w 3 agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
MARY 51. CLAltK.
Oil motion of Mr. McGllEW, by unanimous
consent, a bill (8. No. 1218) for the relief of
Mary M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark,
deceased, was taken from the Speaker's table
and read a first and second time.
The bill proposes to appropriate to Mary M.
Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased,
$1,202, in full for services rendered by Clark
as a scout in the employ of General J. J. Rey-
nolds and for the period of his captivity in
rebel prisons, from July 30, 18G1, until his
exchange, March 18, 1803.
Tho bill was ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. McGREW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
juiious in uni'fhd states courts.
Mr. MEItCUR. I move to suspend the
rules, so that the Committee on the Judiciary
may report, and the House pass, with the
amendments reported by the committee, a bill
(II. H. No. 3007) to regulate the drawing and
summoning of jurors in the district and circuit
courts of the United States.
Tho bill, as proposed to be amended, pro-
vides iu the first section that the judges of
the circuit and district courts in each judicial
district in the United States, together with
the marshal of the proper district, shall con-
stitute a jury board, a majority of whom shall
form a quorum, and whose duty it shall be to
convene in one of the autumn months in each
year, to determine, as nearly as may be, the
number of jurors who are likely to be required
to serve as grand and petit jurors of each
court of the district for the ensuing year; and
thereupon they shall proceed to select from
the taxable citizens of the several counties in
said district, who shall be sober, judicious, and
intelligent men, not disqualified under exist-
ing laws, a number of names equal to five
times the number of jurors agreed upon and
fixed for the year, and they shall cause the
names to be plainly written, with the residence
of each juror, upon separate slips of paper,
and place the same in the wheel hereinafter
described, as the body of citizens from whom
all jurors for both circuit and district courts
sitting in that district for the ensuing year
shall be drawn. The second section provides
that the marshal of each district, upon re-
ceiving from the circuit or district court a
writ of venire facias, or other legal authoiity
to summon jurors, shall, in the presence of
one of the judges of the courts and of the
clerk of the district court, open the wheel,
after at least two revolutions of the wheel
upon its axis, and draw therefrom in succession
as many names as he shall be authorized to
summon, a list of which names shall be taken
by the clerk of the district court and by him
be posted in some conspicuous place of his
office, and he shall furnish a copy of said list
to the clerk of the circuit court, to be iri
like manner posted iu his office. When the
marshal shall have completed the drawing of
the requisite number of jurors, he shall care-
fully lock the lid of the wheel, and, keeping
the key in his own possession, shall leave
the wheel in the possession of the clerk of
the district court and shall proceed to sum-
mon the jurors whose names have been drawn,
by written notices served personally, or by a
copy left at the residence of each juror, at
least twenty days before the return-day of his
writ, and any of the jurors who, having been
duly served with said notice, shall neglect to
appear, and unless excused by the court to
serve as a juror, shall be liable to a fine as for
contempt of court. In case the panel of jurors
in attendance shall be exhausted by reason of
challenges, so that the court is obliged to
order talesmen to be summoned, the marshal,
instead of summoning bystanders, shall cause
the wheel to be brought into court, and in open
court shall draw therefrom not less than five
names for each talesman that is wanted, of
which names the clerk shall preserve a list, and
the marshal may bring in any one of the men
most convenient so drawn to serve as the tales-
man. And the name of no juryman who has
been summoned and who has served at one term
of court shall be replaced in the wheel for a
period of two years, and no juryman shall be
summoned or permitted to serve whose name
has not been duly drawn from tho wheel; but
the names of all jurors who have been drawn
and have not attended may be replaced in the
wheel. The third section provides that the
jury-wheel shall be a hollow wheel, made of
tin or copper, with an apeiture in the periphery
large enough to admit a man's hand to draw
out slips one at a time, and the aperture shall
be covered by a closely fitting lid, with hinges
at one end thereof and a look at the other.
The wheel shall be supported by axis pins
resting on two upright posts, in such manner
as to admit of easy revolutions of the wheel,
in order that the slips of paper containing the
names of jurors may be the more effectually
mixed. The wheels shall be furnished by the
Department of Justice, at the expense of the
United States, and shall be kept at all times,
except when produced in court or before the
jury board as aforesaid, in custody of the clerks
of the district courts, but the keys of the locks
of the wheels shall at all times be in the ex-
clusive custody of the marshals of the several
districts. The fourth section provides that any
person who shall insert names into any such
wheel or abstract them therefrom, except as
hereinbefore provided, or who shall break or
injure any such wheel, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
before either the circuit or district court in the
district in which such offense shall be com-
mitted, shall be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing $2,000, and by imprisonment not exceed-
ing two years, either or both, at the discretion
of the court in which the conviction shall take
place.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; and the bill, with the amendments, was
passed, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
public building at albany.
Mr. MAYIIAM. I move to suspend the
rules, so as to discharge the Committee on
Appropriations from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 708, and pass the bill at
the present time. It is a bill to provide for a
building for the use of the post office, custom-
house, United States circuit and district courts,
j ami internal revenue offices at Albany, New
I York.
' The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize and direct the Secretary of the Tfe&sury
to cause to be constructed a suitable building,
fire-firoof, at Albany, New York, for the ac-
commodation of the pustom-house, post office,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices; and for this purpose
there is appropriated $300,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure
shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of said building and payment for the
site thereof beyond the amount herein appro-
priated. None of the money appropriated is
to be used or applied for the purposes men-
tioned until a valid title to the land for the
site of such building shall be vested in the
United States, nor until the State Bhall also
duly release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax or in any way assess the site
or the property of the United States that may
be thereon during the time thp.t the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Mayham] to
consent to amend the bill by striking out
"valid title," and inserting iu lieu thereof
" title in fee."
Mr. MAYHAM. I have no objection to that.
On agreeing to the motion to suspend the
rules, upon a division, there were—ayes 03,
noes 51 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerb and
Mr. McCrary were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayea 71, noes 55.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the rules were not suspended for
the purpose indicated.
alabama land grants.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move to suspend the
rules to take from the Speaker's table and
pass, with the following amendment, Senate
bill No. 1-10, to renew certain grants of land
to the State of Alabama:
Provided, That the lands granted by the act here-
by revived, except mineral lands, shall be sold to
actual settlers only, in quantities not greater than
one quarter section to any one purchaser, and tor
a nrice not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House take
a recess until eight o'clock.
The House divided; and there were—aye3
74, noes 38.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HAMILTON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Pending the announcement of the result,
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found duly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 307) for the relief of
Logan II. Roots, late collector of internal
revenue for the first district of Arkansas :
Ah act (H. R. No. 1718) for the relief of
A. A. Vance, postmaster atMorristown, New
Jersey;
An act (H. R. No. 1999) granting a pension
to Maria Pratt;
An act (H. R. No. 2095) for the relief of
John W. Massey;
An act (H. R. No. 2331) granting a pension
to Rachel W. Huston ;
An act (Ii. R. No. 2331) granting a pension
to Adam Correll;
An act (H. E. No. 239G) for tho relief of
James J. Ililes, late a private in tho third
Missouri cavalry;
_An act (H. R. No. 2G15) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of ,the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes;
