1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
ing Jujie 30, 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AXI) MEMORIALS;.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, in favor of an appropria-
tion enabling Messrs. Daggett, Clevenger, and
Percy to extend the Sioux C'ty and Missouri
telegraph line to Fort .Randall, Dakota Ter-
litoiy; which was referred to the Commutes
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
ilr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of
Nickerson & Co. and others, ship builders and
ship-owners, of Boston, Massachusetts, praying
for the passage of a bill to encourage ship-own-
ing and shipbuilding in the United Stales;
which was referred to the Committee oil Com
merce.
Mr. SCOTT. I am requested to present a
joint memorial of the mayor and committees
of the select and common councils of the city
of Philadelphia, and of the Franklin Institute,
of Pennsylvania, and of'the senate and house
of representatives of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania, for the appropriate celebration of
the centennial anniversary of American inde-
pendence in Philadelphia, July 4, 1876, and
praying that the President of the United States
in ay be authorized to invite the participation
of other Governments. I move the reference
of the memorial to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL presented the petition of
Emily J. Filor and William Pinkney, admin-
istrators of James Filor, deceased, praying
payment of a judgment for rent of ceitain
buildings and whaives at Key West, Florida,
under a lease made between themselves and
the United States, acting by its quartermaster
nt that post tinder the direction and order of
the commandant thereof, the "said lease being
lor the rent of said buildings, wharves, &o\,
fiom January 1, 1862, so long as the United
Slates might hold them, at the yearly rent of
SC.000 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. FLANAGAN. T present the petition
of Leander Brown, mayor of the city of Aus-
tin, Texas, and of the city councils of that city,
praying for the erection of a building there
for the accommodation of the post office and
Federal court-rooms. I move its reference
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions for
new Government buildings have generally
been referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Sir. FLANAGAN. Very well, sir; then I
move the reference of this petition to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN also presented the peti-
tion of D. U. Barziza, of Houston, Texas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities:
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the secretary of the Rhode Island Society for
the Encouragement of Domestic Industry, set-
ting forth that there are a large nufhber of soci-
eties in the United States devoted to agricul-
ture, arts, and sciences, who publish reports of
their transactions at stated times, for the most
part annual, which societies, under the exist-
ing law, are compelled to prepay the postage
on their periodical issue. The petition con-
cludes with a prayer to Congress so to amend
the postal laws that annual and other period-
ical publications of societies devoted to agri-
culture, arts, and sciences may be mailed from
the offices of publication without prepayment
of postage. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of E. Jack,
of Brandon, Mississippi, praying the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Thomas
M. Moore, of Randolph county, North Caro-
lina, and Z. B. Vance, of Charlotte county,
North Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Robert Bush, John S. Brown, Thomas F. Tay-
lor, James EL Dudley, and Jabez Showalton,
all of Franklin county, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee -'n the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented a memorial of
James Cummings, of Washington, District
of Columbia, pmying payment for lumber
and cord-wood taken and used by the United
States Army in West Virginia in 1862 ; which
wa.s referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POME ROY. I present the petition of
George A. Henderson, who states that he was
a clerk in the Treasury Department, and was
suspended, but was afterward exonerated from
all the charges made against him. and restored
to his position, but that during that suspension
he did not receive any salary. He now prays
for the payment of his salary during the time
he was suspended. I move the reference of
the petition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial of
the board of supervisors of Siskiyou county,
California, signed also by the county officers
and by the district judge of that district, and
by several of the deputy postmasters in that
vicinity, asking for additional mail loutes in
that county, upon the ground of a very large
and important agricultural development which
has taken place there, and which has changed
to a gieat degree the post office necessities of
that county. As the question is one of con-
siderable importance to a very growing inter-
est ®f California, I move that the memorial be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY also presented the memo-
rial of E. Steele, of California, praying for the
establishment of an additional mail route in
the county of Sit-kiyou, California ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of the
common council of the city of Placerville,
California, praying the aid of the Government
in the construction of a canal for the purpose
of supplying a large portion of the country
around that city with water for mining and
irrigation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
DEPORTS 01' COMMITTERS.
Sir. WARNER. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of a
committee appointed by a convention of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying a grant of certain
lands to the Tennessee and Coosa railroad,
the same as originally granted by act of Con-
gress approved June 3, 1856, have instructed
me to report it back, and, the Senate having
acted on the subject, ask to be discharged from
its further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
VIRGINIA MILITARY DISTRICT IN OiltO.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H, R.
No. 175) to cede to the State of Ohio the
unsold lands in the Virginia military district
in said State, have directed me to report it
back without amendment, and to recommend
its passage.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate that that bill be put on
its passage now. I think there is no objection
to it whatsoever. 1 am personally acquainted
with the facts in the ease. These are wild
lands, the remnant of what is called the Vir-
ginia military district in Ohio, lands which
Virginia had retained for the satisfaction of
warrants granted to her soldiers in the Revo-
lution. The laws authorizing the entry and
survey of those lands for the satisfaction of
those bounties have all ceased for many years-,
and the lands must lie there unsurveyed, of
no use to anybody in the world, unappropri-
ated, vacant lands, unless some such measure
as this shall pass. I believe it passed unani-
mously in the House of Representatives, and
it has been referred to a committee of the
Senate and is now reported back. I hope, if
there be no objection, that it will be put on
its passage at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported for information, after which the Chair
will ask for objections, if there be any.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to cede to the State of Ohio the lands
remaining unsurveyed and unsold in the Vir-
ginia military district in that State, upon the
condition that any person who at the time of
the passage of the act is a bona fide, settler on
any portion of the land may hold not exceed-
ing one hundred and sixty acres so by him
occupied by his preempting the same, in such
manner as the Legislature of the State of Ohio
may direct.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before that bill is taken
up for action, I should like to inquire what is
the particular haste about it which makes it
necessary to do the extraordinary thing of con-
sidering it now.
Mr. THURMAN. As I am so vffry familiar
with that subject, having lived in that district
a gieat part of my life, i can answer the ques-
tion of the Senator from Vermont. There is
no haste about this at all. Virginia, by her
deed of cession of the northwestern territory,
reserved the lands between the Scioto and Lit-
tle Miami rivers, in the State of Ohio, for the
satisfaction of the bounty in land promised to
her soldiers in the Revolution on the conti-
nental establishment, that is, in the regular
Army. Those lands were taken up under a
system peculiar to that land district, what
were called entries for survey. They were not
surveyed into sections at all; but a principal
surveyor was appointed, who appointed depu-
ties ; and a person could enter the lands in
any shape he pleased and in any quantify he
pleased, and then the lands were surveyed
under the orders of the principal surveyor of
the district, and, upon the proper papersbeing
returned to the Department here, first the
Department of State, afterward the Depart-
ment of War, and finally the Interior Depart-
ment, if everything was found regular, patents
were issued. The consequence of this system,
not a very good one it is true, is that all the
good lands have long since been taken up, and
there is nothing left but a few sterile hills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many acres?
Mr. THURMAN. The estimate is that there
is not at the outside over one hundred thou-
sand acres of land.
Mr. WARNER. The report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office puts it
at not to exceed forty thousand acres. Other
parties are of opinion it will not reach over
ten or fifteen thousand acres.
Mr. THURMAN. There are not ten thou-
sand acres of good land left. Now, I wish to
say one word farther, and it is this: when
Congress passed the last scrip law to give scrip
to the Virginia claimants they required Vir-
ginia to relinquish all claim to that land, which
she did; that was perhaps twelve or fifteen
years ago.; and ever since then that land has
lain there unoccupied, the title being in the
United States; but there is no provision of law
