1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act (H. R. No. 2860) making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense;
An act (H. R. No. 2900) for the recovery
of damages for the loss of the sloop-of-war
Oneida;
An act (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
grade of Maryland avenue from the end of the
Lang bridge to Twelfth street;
An act (EL. R. No. 3014) supplementary to
an act to authorize the extension, construc-
tion, and use of a lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company into
and within the District of Columbia, approved
February 5, 1867;
An act (EL R. No. 3048) to authorize the
establishment of certain free public highways
in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes;
An act (S. Nci. 762,) for the relief of Joseph
Orrnsby;
An act (S. No. 799) for the relief of Anna
Jl. Howard;
An act (S. No. 860) for the relief of Mary
P. Prindle;
An act.(S. No. 1327) to create ports of
delivery at Eureka and Wilmington, in Cali-
fornia, and provide for appointment of deputy
collector of Vallejo, California, and to abolish
the office of surveyor of said port;
An act (S. No. 1356) to amend an act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 520) to amend
section four, act of July 20, 1868; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 292) to amend
a joint resolution relating to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States,approved
December 23, 1869.
The vote on the motion for a recess was an-
nounced as above recorded.
Accordingly, (at lour o'clock p. m.,) the
House took a recess until eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
TheHouse reassembled ateighto'clockp. m.
ALABAMA LAND GRANT.
The SPEAKER stated that the pending
question was the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Buckley] to suspend the rules
to take from the Speaker's table and pass,
with an amendment, Senate bill No. 1-10, to
renew certain grants of land to the State of
Alabama.
The bill, which was read, provides, in the
first section, that the grant of lands made to
the State of Alabama by the act of Congress
approved June3,1856, entitled "Anactgrant-
ing public lands, in alternate sections, to the
State of Alabama, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State," to assistin
the building of a railroad from the city of
Montgomery, Alabama, to some point on the
Alabama and Tennessee State line, in the
direction of Nashville, is hereby revived and
renewed for the use and benefit of the South
and North Alabama Railroad Company, sub-
ject to all the conditions and restrictions con-
tained in the act referred to, and subject to
the further limitation that if the said railroad
is not completed within three years from the
passage of this act no further sale shall be
made for the benefit of said road, and the
lands unsold shall revert to the United States.
The second section provides that the right,
power, and authority is hereby given to the
company building the aforesaid railroad to
take from the public land adjacent to the lines
of said railroad earth, stone, and other mate-
rials for the construction thereof; and the right
■ji way is hereby granted to the extent of one
hundred feet in width on each side of said
railroad, where it may pass qver the public
lauds, including all necessary grounds for sta-
tions and structures connected therewith, uot
exceeding forty acres at any one station.
Mr. BUCKLEY. That bill has the approval
of the Committee on the Public Lands. If the
chairman were in his seat he would make that
statement to the House. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The amendment was as follows:
Provided, That the lands granted by the act here-
by revived, except mineral lands, shall be sold to
actual settlers only in quantities not greater than
one quarter section to any one purchaser, and at
prices not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill with the amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Randall and Mr. Buckley
were appointed..
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 31.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. HOLMAN de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The question was put on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were—ayes 17, noes 81 ;
a sufficient number not voting in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
ar(d there were—ayes nineteen ; not one fifth
of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered, and the yeas
and nays were not ordered ; and (two thirds
having voted in favor thereof) the rules were
suspended, and the bill, as amended, was
passed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson ,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2579) making
appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2816) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
of Represent atives to bills of the Senate of the
following titles:
A bill (S. No. 176) granting a pension to
Anna E. Erei;
A bill (S. No. 622) granting a pension to
Nancy E. Amnions;
A bill (S. No. 62) granting a pension to
Abel S. Chase; and
A bill (S. No. 845) granting a pension to
Harriet DeWitt Mitchell.
isabella fogg.
Mr. BEAMAN obtained the floor to make
a privileged report, but yielded to Mr. Peters.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill (H. R.
No. 3086) increasing the pension of Isabella
Fogg, with an amendment by the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate was read. It
was to strike out the word ''five,'' so as to
make the pension thirty dollars instead of
thirty-five dollars per month.
Mr. PETERS. I move to concur in the
Senate amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
rights 01' actual settlers.
Mr. BEAMAN. I now yield to the gerttie-
man from Iowa, [Mr. PoMEUOY.]
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to taiie irotn
the Speaker's table and put upon its passage
the joint resolution (S. li. No. 29o) relating to
the rights of actual settlers upon certain lands
in Iowa.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that should any settler upon any of the public
lands in Iowa who made such settlement with
the bona fide intent to enter the same under
the provisions of the homestead or preemption
laws of the United States, and who has con-
tinued to reside upon and improve the same,
or the assigns of any such claimant wjio has
continued such settlement as aforesaid, until
judgment may have been or may be rendered
against him by a competent court of the Uni-
ted States, such settler shall be entitled to all
the remedies and relief provided by the laws
of tfye State of Iowa enacted for the purpose
of protecting the rights of occupying claimants.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me there should
be no objection to that bill if it is made gen-
eral. But I think it ought not to be confined
to the single State of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out the words "in Iowa," and
inserting the words "in any State," and by
making such other changes as will make the
bill applicable to the occupation of the public
lands in any State.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the gentleman's amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, fjs amended, was read three times,
and passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to reconsider the
■Vote by which the bill was passed; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GREEN BAY AND LAKE PEPIN RAILWAY.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to have the bill (S. No. 913) granting the right
of way to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Rail-
way Company for its road across the Oneida
reservation, in the State of Wisconsin, consid-
ered at this time and put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Green
Bay and Lake Pepin Railway Company to build
and maintain its railway across the Oneida
reservation, in the 8tate of Wisconsin, and to
take sufficient land, not more than a strip one
hundred feet in width, for the purposes of said
railway, in accordance with and subject to the
conditions of an agreement made'with the
chiefs and head men of the Oneida tribe of
Indians on the 23d day of May, 1870, approved
by and on file with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
There being no object ion, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to make a privileged
report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to allow me, before he proceeds, to
report a bill from the Committee of Ways and
i Means, which will take no time.
Mr. SARGENT. I thmk we had better dis-
pose of the reports of the committee of con-
ference on the appropriation bills'first, and
then these matters can be disposed of. I ob-
ject to the request of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts on the ground of the time that it
will take to enroll the appropriation bills.
Mr. DAWES. We shall be hours waiting
here for the reports of the conference commit-
tees ; and during that time these other matters
can lie disposed of.
Mr. BEAMAN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote of the two Houses on the bilKH. It. M. 2ai9)
making appropriations for the service ot the 1 ost
Office Department during the year ending Juno 3U,
1872, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to then
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
mThat the House recede from their disagreement ta
