476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
■whatsoever by which patents can be granted.
Yon cannot enter the land in the United States
Land Office, for it is not in the public land
system. It lies there in that vacant way, of
no benefit to anybody whatsoever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have been so much a
convert to the opinions of my friend from Ohio
about land grants that I should like to look
into this bill a little before we grant one hun-
dred thousand acres of land, and i think it had
better go over until to-morrow.
Mr. WARNER. If the Senator will allow
me to make an explanation, perhaps it may
remove his objection, in part at least. Virginia
was in the habit of giving land grants to par-
ties who were soldiers, and they located them
themselves without survey. She would give
to a soldier a grant for a thousand acres of
land. He would go and establish his own
metes and boundaries. The result of that was
that everybody took the best lands he could
find, and the consequence is that strips and
shreds of land have been left lying about on
the mountains and in other places where they
are worthless. That has given rise to endless
litigation in regard to these strips of land
between contesting settlers, and it is the opin-
ion of all the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives from Ohio, and of both the Sen- !
ators, that the only practical way to settle :
this matter is to refer it to the Legislature of :
Ohio. The lands in themselves are of no j
value. There are not probably to exceed i
twelve or fifteen thousand acres, which lie in i
strips, sometimes beginning at a point and |
running a mile for the width of a rod or two. :
In order that the Legislature of Ohio at home, j
familiar with all the facts, may devise some J
system by which the right to these strips may ;
be settled between these parties better, than it j
can be here, this bill is proposed. The lands j
are of no benefit to the Government, and never i
can be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And in order to accom- i
plish this settlement the lauds are to be given
to the State of Ohio?
Mr. WARNER. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be willing to
settle the title to all the lands in the country
on the same terms; let them all be given
to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are no surveys
here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill may be perfectly
tight; but I think it reasonable that we should
be allowed to look into it a little.
Mr. POMEROY. Before thi s matter passes
from the Senate I wish to say that under the
law granting lands to the States for agricul-
tural colleges the State of Ohio is obliged
to take these lands. That law provides that
if there are public lands in a State its agricul-
tural college scrip shall be located on them.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator must
understand that this is not land subject to pri-
vate entry.
Mr. POMEROY. But it is public land
within the State of Ohio, though not surveyed.
There is the point. If these lands had been
surveyed and were treated as public lands the
State of Ohio would have been obliged to take
them to satisfy the land serip which was issued
for agricultural colleges within the State; but
not being surveyed, the State has sold heragri- j
cultural scrip on the market, and it has come !
out and been located in my State and other !
States, when Ohio should have had these lands !
surveyed and taken them herself, good or bad. i
Mr. SCOTT. Before this subject passes I
from the notice of the Senate, I desire to call :
the attention of the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands to a bill which was introduced !
a few days ago for the purpose of enabling the ]
heirs of a revolutionary soldier to locate a war- I
rant upon other public lauds, on the ground '
that the lands in the State of Ohio assigned i
for that purpose were all exhausted. That was '
the information communicated from the land I
department at that time. Now, if there be
public lands in the State of Ohio which have j
been'set apart for the purpose of satisfying the j
claims of revolutionary soldiers, I desire that ]
he shall look into it, with special reference to '
that bill, before these lands pass to the State
of Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, objection being made
to its present consideration.
ROBERT JIOIll AND COMPANY.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee 011 Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 37o) for the relief of Robert Moir &
Co., have instructed me to report it back, with
a recommendation that it pass; and I ask
the indulgence of the Senate to have the let-
ters of Commissioners Delano and Pleasonton
read ; and then, if there be no objection, I hope
that the bill will be considered at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution will be read for information.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to authorize the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to inquire into and determine the amount,
if any, of distilled spirits contained in the bond-
ed warehouse of Robert Moir & Co., iu the
fourth district of Illinois, on the 30th day of
June, 1870, and which on that day was struck
by lightning, and, with its contents, destroyed,
and to abate and remit all taxes and assess-
ments due and unpaid upon any distilled spirits
so destroyed.
The following letters were read :
The \sury Department,
Ol'FtCB OF IXTERNAL ltBV j:.\OK,
Wasiiixgtox, .Jab) 12, 1870.
bin; Mr. Robert Moir, of the firm of R. Moir Sc
Co., distillers in the fourth distiictof Illinois, has
presented to this office their application for the
abatement of an assessment made on certain dis-
tilled spirits, and also their application for refund-
ing of the tax already paid by them on eertain other
distilled spirit?, alleging, as the grounds of such
application, that on tile evening of the 30 th of June
the distillery-warehouse in which said spirits were
stored was struck by lightning and the building,with i
all its contents, consumed. The notices of this ao- :
eident received from the officers of revenue in that !
district and in immediate charge of said distillery [
and warehouse leave no doubt of the accident liar- !
ing occurred, nor of the fact that the entire contents !
of tho warehouse were destroyed. " j
Tho papers presented by Mr. Moir show a de- i
struction of thioc hundred and eight barrels, con- |
taming seventeen thousand nine hundred and t'nir- [
teen taxable gallons. Ofthistho tax had theretofore \
been paid upon one hundred and eighty-seven bar- i
rels, containing t n thousand seven hundred and 1
eighty-seven taxable gallons, leaving one hundred j
and twenty-one barrels, containing seven thousand !
one hundred and twenty-six taxable gallons, that had ;
been entered into said warehouse within the last ten j
days preceding said occurrence, and upon which the t
tax had not been paid The returns to this office j
agree with the statements contained in the papers
presented by Mr. Moir, both as to the occurrence of
the accident and the quantity of spirits destroyed
thereby. ;
The nature of this application is-ueh as to com- :
mend it to my favorable consideration, particularly
to so much (hereof as relates to the abatement of ,
the tax on the one hundred and twenty-one barrels ■
on which no tax has been paid; but, in view of tho :
uniform rulings heretofore had m similar cases, and 1
which upon review have been sustained by the At- <
torney General, I aui compelled to say to Mr. Moir
that I am not authorized under tho law to grant the
relief asked for, and, for want of legal authority,
must referhimto Congress. 1 do not deem it advis-
able at (his time to recommend any general legis-
lation placing it in the power of tho Commissioner
to abate assessments against property destroyed by
unavoidable acoidcnts, as such legislation, if mode
at all, should be careiully guarded to prevent the
occurrence of frauds. X have thought it better to
lefer tho application of Mr. Mm,■ to (tie considera-
tion of your committee, that he may receive by special
legislation such relief as in your opinion the merits
of his ease may demand. The collection of tax on
the one hundred and twenty-one barrels not tax-
paid will be dolujed until Mr. Moir has had time to
apnly for legislative relief.
Very respectfully,
0. Dl^LANO, !/.jt'!'iio'tcy.
Hon. IvObkrt^0. eCHEXCK, Chairman CumrniPee on
\V"y; and Means, House >•/ HepfewntnHvei, Wasli-
iiiQtov, District of Columbia.
IRFASCRY DeI'AKTMKST,
Oi ficv; or ComnssiONKit oy Ixtkkxal Eevexub,
January 6, IbTl.
Sill: In reply to your note ofthe-lth instant, inclos-
ing joint resolution (II, X!. No, 375) for the relief of
Robert Moir & Co., and communication relative
thereto from my predecessor, Hon. C. Delano, dated
July 12,1870, 1 have to say that I fully concur in tho
recommendation of my predecessor, Mr. Delano, as
expressed in said letter of July 12,1870.
Very respectfully,
A. PLEASONTON,
Commissioner.
Itop. V'.'TM.Ai:n Warxisr, Finance Conhniitee United
States Senate, Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know any thing
about, this ease except what I have now learned
from the reading of the papers. It does appear
that somebody has paid a whisky tax. That
a great deal was not paid in the country gen-
erally is admitted; that is, it was not paid at
that time. Here is a case where parties did
pay the tax on some of their whisky, and light-
ning struck the rest. I have always wondered
that lightning did not strike the whole of it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. And make it all "light-
ning whisky." [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I am slow to grant relief
in the first case of this kind, where a whisky
tax was paid and the whisky was struck by
lightning. The great difficulty is that it will
be impossible to tell whether there were not
a great many barrels in the distillery besides
those that had paid the tax. Where it was
all burned together it is difficult to ascertain
how much of it had paid a tax and how much
had not, it all being at the time in the distill-
ery or warehouse, which is the same thing. I
do not want, to consider this now.
Mr. WARNER. Let me relieve the Sen-
ator's apparent aspersion of Providence. The
whisky was all btruck by lightning and all
destroyed.
Mr. POMEROY. But some of it had paid
the tax.
Mr. WARN ER. On pait of it the tax had
been paid and on part not paid.
Mr. POMEROY. It is so difficult to tell
which that I object to the further considera-
tion of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar.
ELBRIDGE GERRY.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Elbridge
Geny, praying for compensation for certain
losses sustained by him in the year 1864, in
consequence of important services rendered by
him to the Government of the United States
and the citizens of the Territory of Colorado,
have had the snme under consideration. It
seems that Mr. Gerry bad a ranch at the mouth
of Crow creek, on the south fork of the Platte
liver, in Colorado, where he had lived for
some years, and was largely engaged in rais-
ing horses and mules. He claims that on the
night of the. 19th August, 1804, he was visited
by two Cheyenne chiefs, who came to notify
him of a hostile movement on the part of
certain Indian tribes against the whites living
on the Platte river, in order that he might,
secure his stock and other property from loss
or injury in the general massacre and robbery
about to take place; that these chiefs informed
him that a war party of a thousand Indians,
composed of Apaches, Comanche?, Kiov/as,
Cheyemies, and Arapahoes, were encamps d at
the Point of Rocks, about one hundred and
twenty-five* miles from Denver, and that the
attack on the settlements on the river would be
made on the 21st August, when all the white
settlers were to be killed and their property
carried off or destroyed.
He claims that this information was intended
for his benefit only, but that, feeling more con-
cerned for the lives of his unsuspecting neigh-
bors than for his own pioperty, and in ordci
to avert the terrible calamity about to fall o-i
them, lie set about immediately to warn the
settlements along the entire line of the danger;
and riding sixty-seven miles, he reached the
capital of the Territory at midnight on the
20th of August and reported to the Governor
