T871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
insert in lieu the following words : "and the provis-
ions of law providing for additional cottipensation
or allowance to any judge for traveling expenses
are hereby repealed;" and the Senate agree to the
same" A. A. SABGENI,
B. G. COOK,
Managers on the part of the House.
GEORGE E. EDMUNDS,
JAMES HARLAN,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managern on the part of the Senate.
The question was on agreeing to the report.
Mr. SAIiGENT. Mr. Speaker, I will state
in a few words the result of this last confer-
ence upon the legislative bill. The two pre-
ceding committees of conference had some-
what narrowed the field of difference, and
although the last or third committee did not
feel themselves bound absolutely by the action
of their predecessors, still that action enabled
us more rapidly to arrive at a conclusion upon
the bill.
There were, however, five important matters
upon which the two preceding conferences
could not agree: first, with reference to the
salaries of judges; second, as to the new build-
ing for the State Department; third, as to the
extension of the Capitol grounds; fourth, as
to the proposed new park in this city; and
fifth, as to the salaries of the heads of bureaus.
The present committee of conference have
reached such an agreement that with reference
to three of these matters the position of the
House is fully sustained. With reference to
another a compromise was arrived at by which
the House maintains, to a large extent, its
original position; and in a third instance, the
House makes a concession. Let me speak of
these matters in the order in which I have
mentioned them.
In reference to the salaries of judges the con-
ferees agreed that the salaries of the circuit
judges should be increased by the addition of
$1,000 each, but refused to raise any other
judicial salaries; and with this increase is
coupled a provision repealing any law allowing
compensation for traveling expenses "to any
judge, the effect of this provision being to take
away $1,000 per year now allowed to the judge
of the ninth circuit for travel between Wash-
ington and California. The proposition in this
form came from the conferees on the part of
the Senate as the least to which they would
assent with reference to this question, and the
House conferees agreed to it. While person-
ally I believe the salaries of judicial officers
should be raised and be made adequate to fur-
nishing a decent maintenance, I felt bound by
the strongly-expressed sense of the House to
resist as far as possible a general increase at
this time and on this bill. If any gentleman
thinks a more meritorious case than that of
the circuit judges could be selected, I beg to
remind him that committees of conference can
only agree by compromise, and we did the best
possible under the circumstances and sub-
stantially maintained the House position.
With reference to the new building for the
State Department, there were two questions
involved in that proposition. The first, and
perhaps the minor question, was the one which
was dwelt upon by my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Daives,] the chairman of the two
preceding conference committees on the part
of the House—the question as to the material
of which the building should be constructed.
The conferees on the part of the House pro-
posed that it should be of granite. The Senate
conferees insisted that the Senate amendment
in that respect should remain unchanged,
providing for "such kind of stone as may be
hereafter determined." That question was
compromised so as to make the provision of
the Senate amendment read, " such kiud of
stone as may be hereafter determined by the
concurrent decision of the Committees of
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate
and House of Representatives." The con-
ferees believed that the two bodies thus
designated were safe tribunals for the determ-
ination of this question, and that no job
would receive their sanction, while the nam-
ing of any kind of stone in the bill would have
the appearance, if not the fact, of favoring
a job.
As to the building for a State Department,
the House conferees yielded; and it is the
only question on which they did yield. We
agreed that a wing of a building of the general
dimensions and ground plan of the Treasury
building should be commenced for the State
Department.
With reference to the proposition for an
extension of the Capitol grounds the Senate
receded with a great deal of reluctance. So
with reference to the proposition for the sale
of a part of the reservations atid squares and
the creation of a new park. The Senate con-
ferees, after considerable resistance, and say-
ing they " would ne'er consent, consented," to
leave these provisions out of the bill. From
the amendment raising the salaries of various
heads of bureaus the Senate receded.
The attitude, therefore, in which this bill
comes back from the House is this: with the
exception of the proposition with regard to the
erection of the State Department building, the
other amendments from which the House re-
cedes are comparatively unimportant in their
character, and such as the Committeeon Appro-
priations of the House, before they moved
a general non-concurrence, had agreed they
would concur in upon a conference. In many
eases the changes are reductions, and would be
concurred in without any question by the House.
In some few cases there is a slight addition to
the expense on special recommendations of
heads of Departments ; but as a general result,
and setting aside the State Department build-
ing, the aggregate amount of the bill is some-
thing less as it comes from the committee of
conference than as it passed the House origin-
ally.
Mr. Speaker, I ask for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that.
Mr. COX. Let me ask the gentleman one
question.
Mr. SARGENT. Wait one moment. What
does the gentleman from Illinois want?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia has stated that the conference commit-
tee have agreed to report in-favor of the State
Department building.
Mr. SARGENT. The committee report in
favor of one wing being built.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not understand how
much is appropriated for that purpose. I
understand for building one wing of the State
Department the sum of $500,000 has been
suggested.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not attempt to state
all of the appropriations by this bill. The
gentleman knows the amount of appropriation
in that respect.
Mr. LOGAN. How much is it?
Mr. SARGENT. Five hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. LOGAN. For this wing?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. How many wings is the
building to have ?
Mr. SARGENT. The ground plan and
dimensions are the same as the Treasury
Department.
Mr. LOGAN. How many wings—four?
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman can make
his own arithmetic. I am not to be catechized
in that wav. I am stating facts.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, allow there are to be
four wings?
Mr. SARGENT. If that satisfies the gen-
tleman, I am willing.
Mr. LOGAN. And I should like to ask the
gentleman another question. Inasmuch as this
is to be like the Treasury Department, as I
understand the gentleman, why do not they
build it of granite, as the Treasury Depart-
ment is built of granite; or why do they not
Does the gentleman ask
put in white marble, as other buildings here
are built of white marble?
Mr. SARGENT.
the question?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. The proposition was made
by us to put in granite. I think granite would
be the best material for durability, although
the most costly, because of its hardness and
the consequent difficulty of cutting it.
Mr. NIBLACK rose.
Mr. SAIiGENT. One word more. We
refer the decision of what material the build-
ing shall be composed to the concurrent ac-
tion of the Committees on the Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate and the House
of Representatives—certainly a safe, an incor-
ruptible arbiter.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to call the attention
of the House to this thing. If you look around
the Capitol here, around the Capitol grounds,
and around the Treasury Department, and see
the flagging which has been put down," you will
find that it is of red stone. If you knew who
owned the stone quarry you might understand
why granite was not put in here. I call the
attention of the House to this fact. This is a
regular job for the purpose of building a State
Department out of red stone, the quarry from
which it is taken being owned by certain indi-
viduals here. Such will be the result if you
agree to this.
Mr. FOX. Give us the names of the par-
ties to whom you refer.
Mr. LOGAN. That is all of it.
Mr. FOX. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to give this House the ic formation which
caused him to make the statement we have
just heard.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the question now
before the House.
Mr. FOX. Yes, itis; he has made a charge,
and we should like to know to whom he refers.
Mr. SARGENT. So should I.
Mr. LOGAN. I call the attention of the
House to the fact that this committee of con-
ference refused to put in granite, when the
Treasury Department, after the plan of which
it is to be built, is constructed of granite.
This new State Department is to be like the
State Department, and that being so, why
should it not be built of granite? I put that
question to the House. To my mind this
building is to be built of this red stone, and
that, too, for the benefit of a few individuals.
Mr. FOX. As a legislator the gentleman
having made the charge, he should give us
the information upon which he bases it.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the House to another question.
Mr. FOX. Allow me to ask a question. I
desire to ask the gentleman from Iillinois a
question, and I hope he will give me an answer.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to proceed.
Mr. FOX. If the gentleman from Illinois
has any information that this is a "regular
job" in the interest of a few individuals who
own a stone quarry here, and that is precisely
what he has said, then it is his duty as a legis-
lator to give that information to this House
before it is called upon to vote.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, I will give it I
said if you would look through this Capitol
and around the Treasury building and around
the other Government buildings you would
find that recently the flagging has all been of
red sandstone. I called attention to that fact.
Mr. FOX. Who owns that?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anything
about it.
Mr. FOX. The gentleman has spoken as
if somebody about this House was interested
in that red flagging, and that is what I am
wanting to get at.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman is so very
anxious about that, if he would allow me to get
through, perhaps when I have concluded my
remarks he would have as much information
as he has now.
