1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
not to say a custom, for the Committee on
Appropriations to- attach provisions to the
appropriation bills which were not in pursu-
ance of law. I will cite to him one instance.
Was there not in one of the appropriation bills
at the last session of Congress a provision
about covering unexpended balances into the
Treasury, which came in the same way this
does from the Committee on Appropriations
without any previous reference to it, and not
in accordance with any previous law?
'Mr. EDMUNDS. I can give him twenty-
five in a minute that he has proposed himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me answer one thing
at a time. I think I can give a satisfactory
reason in every one of those cases. I believe
that amendment to that appropriation bill has
saved this Government millions already.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And so will this one.
Mr. SAWYER. But that was put on the
bill by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; an imperfect
provision came here in the'bill from the House
of Representatives, and was sent to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and was reported
back by the Committee on Appropriations
somewhat modified ; and I offered the section
that was afterward adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May. I ask my friend from
Ohio a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask him
if he has forgotten that within two years last
past the Committee on Rules of this body, of
which my honorable friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthoxt] is chairman, and my honor-
able friend from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy} is a
member, making a majority of it, reported a
rule exactly in the spirit of that which my
friend from Ohio is now contending for—that
is, that no appropriation bill should be any-
thing else than an appropriation bill—and if
my friend from Ohio did not oppose the adop-
tion of that rule, and defeat it?
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that I
favored it, but it was defeated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that is so; but
that is not my recollection.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is my recollection.
I have always been in favor of keeping all
appropriation bills clean. But it was urged
with a good deal of force at that time, I think
by Mr. Fessenden, who was then still among
us, that there might be occasions in the his-
tory of this Government when great and im-
portant reasons would justify and make it
necessary to attach to an appropriation bill
important legislation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But my friend will par-
don me if I remind him that in the rule we
reported we had a loop-hole for that. If two
thirds or three fourths of the Senate could be
persuaded to see that great public emergency,
they might then waive the rule; but the ma-
jority of the financiers of the Senate thought
liberty was the greatest of all human enjoy-
ments, and therefore an appropriation bill
should be left open to amendments of that
kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. After considerable dis-
cussion this amnndment was adopted in 1889
to the rules:
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate proposing
new items of appropriation shall, one day before
they arc offered, bis referred tu the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation bills
shall be referred to said committee."
The purpose of requiring notice of these
amendments and a reference of them to the
Committee on Appropriations was, not to
enable the Committee on Appropriations to
report them back, but to give the committee
an opportunity to examine them, so that they
might be prepared to know whether or not
to contest additional appropriations when
offered.
In conversation with my friend from Cali-
fornia, J objected to the amendment in regard
to -the salaries of the judicial officers being
reported by the Committee on Appropriations,
although I am not sure but that they were
justified in doing it, because the House had
already raised them somewhat, and they were
probably justified in going further; but if that
proposition had been made from the Judiciary
Committee in pursuance of notice, it would
have disembarrassed my friend from the inter-
jection of this debate in the midst of an ap-
propriation bill. He, at least, would have
been enabled to perfect the bill before these
collateral subjects were thrown into the debate.
Now, I feel that each of these three sections
is important. I believe that each of them ought
to be law. I have examined them, and think
I could answer every objection that could be
made to them: first, preventing the reopening
of accounts; second, the ordinary statute of
limitations as against these accounts, leaving
Congress free to pay those which they see
proper. The second section, forbidding any
officer or clerk who is in any Department of
the Government from serving as an attorney
or agent for three years after the expiration
of his term of service in that Department, I
think is right; and the last provision, which
declares that a mere increase of appropriation
shall not thereby increase the salary without
an express provision of law 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall conclude in a
moment. Each of these provisions is import-
ant. I would gladly see them ingrafted on
this appropriation bill; but I will go so far
as to say, with the consent of the other mem-
bers of the Committee on Finance who have
considered this matter, that if the honorable
Senator from California or the Committee on
Appropriations will now withdraw the amend-
ment of that committee, and exclude from this
bill all other legislative provisions, I for one
am willing, and am authorized to withdraw this
amendment. But, as a matter of course, if
this fourth section is to be proposed as an
amendment by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, we are compelled by our public duty to
propose amendments covering the same gen-
eral matter, and therefore we had to do it; and
with this fourth section before us we simply
propose these three sections as an amendment
to an amendment already upon our tables, and
which we were compelled to consider.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have
been one of those who have insisted ever
since I have had the honor to be a member
of this body that an appropriation bill ought
to be an appropriation bill and nothing else,
and that under no conceivable state of moder-
ate circumstances, if I may so express myself,
ought the Senate to ingraft legislation upon
the appropriation of money. In that view,
as one member of the Committee on Rules, I
agreed to report to the Senate two years ago
for its consideration, wheu the rules were re-
vised, a provision effectuating that purpose;
bat a majority of the Senate determined that
they would not stand upon any such principle,
and that they would reserve to themselves the
right to amend appropriation bills by legis-
lative provisions just the same us all other
bills.
Iu that condition of affairs this appropria-
tion bill came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, containing in it, in more instances
than one, speeial, fresh legislation, changing
existing laws touching salaries and other things,
and there came to us amendments offered by
other committees, under this refusal of the
Senate to make any limitation upon it, such
as we now have before us. What was the
Committee on Appropriations to do? It was
bound to act npon the expressed will of the
Senate, which had refused to limit us, although
we desired it, in the consideration of these bills
to mere appropriations of money, and had there-
fore said to us, "It is your duty to consider
amendments of this character, mid if they are
right in themselves and germane to the gen-
eral subject allow them to go on." Among
those amendments was this one touching the
employfes and officers of the Government turn-
ing around after they had left its service to
prosecute claims against it—perhaps the very
same claims, based upon information acquired
while they were in the Department—turning
around with the very claims that they had
become familiar with as officers in charge of
them, and being hired by the claimant and
knowing all the subordinates in the Department
who could be best approached or best deceived,
or best overreached or overruled, or whatever
it might be, and push those claims—exactly
such a case as it would be at the bar if a law-
yer having been retained in a variety of causes
by his client, and at last, being paid off and
another lawyer employed, should turn round
and be hired on the other side ; an outrage to
every sense of public justice and propriety, a
shame in the eyes of all honest men.
Now, it is proposed to correct this enorm-
ous evil and abase, such as led to the passage
of the Chorpenning claim, as it is called,
through the Post Office Department. In that
case an Assistant Postmaster General resign-
ing instantly takes up a claim which ten min-
utes before it would have been his duty to
assist the Postmaster General in examining
and rejecting or approving—a claim involving
hundreds of thousands of dollars—and he
manages, through his knowledge of the ways
of the Department, to push it through. That
is only one of a hundred instances that could
be named if it were necessary. Therefore, it
is an enormous abuse and a prodigious shame
to the administration of the Government of
the United States that such things are toler-
ated for an hour. So we felt compelled, under
the order of the Senate declining to limit our
powers on appropriation bills, and having
these amendments brought to us, to act upon
them. So feeling it to be our duty, we have
reported for the consideration of. the Senate
the amendment which I have spoken of, not
the one now instantly under consideration,
although pending.
I shall not say anything more on the subject
of the propriety of legislating upon appropri-
ation bills, which the Senate have said we may
do, and I am very sorry they have said it; but
they have said it, aud while they have said it,
if there is an enormous abase connected with
the expenditure of mouey we may as well cor-
rect it. Therefore I am heartily in favor of
this amendment of my friend from Ohio, the
first section now under consideration,, which
imposes a stetute of limitations upon stale
claims, prevents their being reopened, be-
cause great frauds have been perpetrated upon
the Treasury in respect to them. In a case
that is honest, and where a claim ought to be
reopened, it is not so difficult as many people
suppose to induce Congress to allow it to be
reopened.
I think the error Congress commits is iu being
over persuaded instead of under persuaded
about allowing claims and opening them. I
do not think that any honest claimant who has
not been deceived by claim agents, and bled,
as the saying is, by being told that mouey was
required to pay the lobby to influence members
to do him justice, has any reason to complain
of unfair treatment at the handsof Congress. It
may be true, aud I dare say it is, that they have
been cheated, and bled, and ruined by the
exactions of men who have no responsibility,
and who are "soldiers of fortune," if you may
so style them, who persuade them that nothing
can be got through thisbody or the other House
without the use of money in paying people to
prosecute, and to forward, and to lobby their
claims.
But I do not think that honest claimants
who are intelligent enough to understand their
rights, and who have nothing that they wish tc
conceal or put out of sight, and who bring a
fair claim to this body or to the other House,
can justly say, as a whole, that they have been
