1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. FOX. I want more information than
I have now.
Mr. LOGAN. So far as the question as to
who owns this red sandstone is concerned,
that is not, the question here. And if I knew
the name of every man who owned it I might
not consider it my duty to state it here; but I
do not not know who owns it. I do, however,
call the attention of the House to the fact that
there is not put in here the kind of stone which
has been used in the construction of the other
public buildings in this city; and that raises
in my mind the inquiry whether or not 
Mr. FOX. Will the gentleman tell us
whether the President of the United States is
not interested in it ?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether he
is or not. If he is, he is certain not to give it
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fox.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state that
he does not regard the question which has
just been put, as a proper one.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not introduce the name
of any gentleman in connection with this mat-
ter and did not intend to do so. And 1 say it
is an insult to any gentleman on this floor to
have thrust into his mouth words he did not
intend to use and ideas he did not intend to
convey. Now, I do not pretend to impugn the
motives of anybody; I simply desire to call the
attention of the House to the facts. And I say
it is very strange that gentlemen cannot be
allowed to discuss questions here and to draw
their own inferences from facts without other
gentlemen trying to drag in the names of other
parties before the House.
So far as the name of the President of the
United States is concerned, I am not here to
assail him. He is a better man than the men
who assail him, a much better man. But I am
here for the purpose of calling the attention
of the House to the wrongs that may be perpe-
trated in the name of justice. I do not care
who owns the stone, whether it be man, woman,
Or child. All I wish is that these things shall
be done in a legitimate and proper manner.
Now, I desire further to call the attention of
the House lo this  
Mr. SARGENT. I did not yield to the gen-
tlemen indefinitely. I must resume the floor.
Mr. FOX. The insinuation of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan-] was that some-
body connected with the Government was in-
terested in this stone. I desire to know who
that is.
Mr. LOGAN. If you try to iind out perhaps
you will come to know it.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No.
2789) making appropriations for the support
of the Navy lor the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
legislative, appropriation bill.
The SPKAKElt. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] is on the floor.
_ Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a few moments longer.
Mr. SARGENT. When the gentleman rose
I presumed that he wanted to ask a question.
He has now talked for fifteen minutes. If the
gentleman will limit himself to a reasonable
time I will yield to him.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman limit me
himselfi'
Mr. SARGENT. I will give the gentleman
five minutes if lie will be suited by that.
Mr. LOGAN. I am compelled to be suited
by what the gentleman jields to me. Well,
in five minutes, I will try to call the attention
of the House to a few other little matters in
this bill, I desire the attention of all the
members of the House to the fact that the
salaries of certain judges are raised, while the
proposed increase of the salaries of certain
other judges is stricken out. Why is this?
Why is it that the supreme judges and the
circuit judges of the United States should have
their salaries raised, while the district judges
and the judges of the Court of Claims have
their salaries stricken out?
Why is that? Why is the distinction made
by this committee of conference? The judges
of the Court of Claims in this city and the
judges of the courts of the District of Colum-
bia are just as good men, and, in my judgment,
just as good lawyers as these other gentlemen.
Objection has not been made in the House to
the increase, of these particular salaries so
much as it was made generally to the raising
of salaries. If you raise the salaries of one
set of these judges you ought to raise the sala-
ries of the others, because the one is as much
entitled to an increase as the other; and, in
my judgment, the judges of the Court of Claims
and of the courts of this District perform more
labor than the judges of the other courts whose
salaries the committee of conference provide
for increasing.
Then, sir, here are two wrongs that this
committee of conference have perpetrated here
this evening that they have not been asked to
do by the House. This House did not instruct
these three men to go there to reduce a part
of the salaries and to keep a part up. It
looks as though they had gone there and swept
off a little at one place, in order to please some-
body that is afraid of extravagance, and then
put a little on at the other end.
Now, sir, if you appropriate this $500,000
for one wing o£ a State Department it will only
be the commencement of a work that will cost
millions of dollars. The Senate have insisted
on, and the committee of conference have
agreed to, an appropriation of $500,000 for
the commencement of this work. Next ses-
sion the Senate will put in $2,000,000 more
for a State Department and $4,000,000 for
the Capitol grounds, and perhaps these same
gentlemen will be appointed on the conference
committee, and they will agree to half of that;
and therefore, in the course of four or five
years, the Senate will get all the appropri-
ations they desire m order to beautify and
adoFn this city, and to raise the salaries of
everybody in this country.
Sir, it is the duty of the House to lay this
report on the table. It is better for the coun-
try, it is better for the Republican party, that
we should not pass this bill. The new Con-
gress will meet to-morrow, and it is better that
this bill be not passed; and then next week
we can pass a proper bill that does not rob the
people of this country as this bill would do.
Sir, I called the attention of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, the other
day, to certain appropriations in this bill for
which there is no law, and he said that he would
go to the Senate and have them fixed there.
1 sat in the Senate last night and heard this
bill discussed and read ; but those items were
not fixed. They are there yet; they have not
been changed. I say, therefore, to the House,
you had better lay this bill on the table or
disagree to this report, than to have this money
taken from the people and to sanction the
discriminations in salaries which have been
made by this committee. I have no fault to
find with Uie committee, but I disagree with
them, and I do say to them that they have not
represented the sentiment of this House.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to say that here is
a bill making provision for all the legislative,
executive, and judicial departments of the
Government, and therefore a bill necessary to
carry o:i the Government; and because the
conferees have seen fit to put m the bill, or
allow to remain in the bill a provision by which
we could hope to get rid of the tinder-box in
which the most valuable archives of the Gov-
ernment are now stored, the gentleman says
that we should lay the bill upon the table,
defeat it, ftnd disgrace ourselves by adjourn-
ing, after losing the executive, legislative, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Sir, I do not believe that if it were a propo-
sition directly before the House, not hinged,
as this is, on a weighty matter like this, that
this House would agree with the gentleman a
moment in saying that the most valuable ar-
chives of the Government, relating to all its past
history and its relations with foreign nations,
should remain stored as they are in that build-
ing, liable to be burned down any day or night.
They would say that a building adequate to
protect them should be commenced at once.
And if the gentleman desires that not an-
other dollar shall be expended here, for fear
it may be an anchor to keep the capital from
being moved, allow me to say to him that the
expenditure of $50,000,000 here would not
affect that matter. If, as he said yesterday,
or to day, I forget which, there is such au
immense force now latent in the West to be
exercised in moving the capital away from
here, the building of a State Department would
not defeat it for one hour. That matter should
not be mixed up with this. We should deal
with this matter as statesmen and not as pol-
iticians. Here is a most important bill, one
necessary for carrying on the several branches
of the Government, which the gentleman wants
laid on the table, because the Senate and the
House conferees have agreed that a proper
building may be constructed for the purpose
of securely keeping the valuable records of
the State Department. I will not recapitulate
what I have said about judicial salaries. I f any
gentleman thinks that the only business of a
joint committee of conference is to report an
adhesion to all the demands of the House in
disregard of the independent judgment of the
Senate, he displays a lamentable legislative
ignorance.
I now yield for five minutes to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] a member of
the committee of conference who did not sign
the report.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask my colleague on
the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] before he yields the floor, to answer me
this question : Does this bill now limit in any
way the ultimate cost of the proposed State
Department building? And if not, should
there not be some such limitation?
Mr. SARGENT. The amount appropriated
by the bill is $500,000 for building that wing.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will $000,000 build
it?
_ Mr. SARGENT. Of course it will not. I
yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
gan.]
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to state to the
House some of the reasons which governed me
in declining to sign this conference report.
This is an act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872. The Senate attached to this bill cer-
tain amendments which are notgermaue to it;
a system.of legislation most vicious and dan-
gerous. That is my 'first reason. I further
declined to sign this report because it proposed
among other things to build a new State De-
partment, a new War Department, and a new
Navy Department, all to be embraced in one
enormous building; and an appropriation of
$500,000 is proposed to inaugurate this scheme.
I know nothing of the charges made by the
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lo-
gan.] There may or there may not be jobs in
this bill. But of one thing am I certain, and
that is that at a time like this, when the coun-
try is weighed down by a mountain of debt of
more than two thousand million dollars, when
the people are laboring under a load of taxes
almost too great to be borne, this is no time
to commence buildiug a princely palace in the
city of \\ ashmgton which must ultimately cost
at least §10,000,000. Hence I dissented from
