1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
take to say in my brief experience that it is
not so. I tried a few claims at the Treasury
under the last Administration, which was
thought by a great many to be rather kind
to claimants, but somehow or other I was
exceedingly unsuccessful. I even failed to
secure the allowance of a claim such as I will
proceed to state.
A citizen of Georgia came to me and, greatly
to his credit as I thought., told me that he liad
in his possession secreted, and had it forthree
years, one hundred bales of cotton that was
the property of the confederate States; that
nobody knew it but himself, and he wanted my
advice as to what he should do with it. I told
him to go with me to the commanding officer
at Augusta and deliver the cotton to him, tell-
ing him that it belonged to the Government
of the United States, because it had belonged
to the confederacy. He went and delivered
the cotton ; the cotton was shipped from that
place, and I traced a portion of it to New
York, where it was sold by Mr. Draper, and
the proceeds went into the Treasury ; but even
upon an application in such a case, persistedin
fur three years, I never could get one cent
allowed for the storage of that cotton. I call
that a tolerably hard case. When a citizen
honest enough to divulge a fact which he could
have kept to himjelf gives to the Government
the proceeds of that cotton, and cannot be paid
even storage on it, it is a pretty hard case, and
I would have been willing to risk that case
with my frieud from Vermont, though I must
say that i f he were at the head of the Treasury,
which I think he would adorn very much, I do
not believe he would be the most accommo-
dating officer to claimants of this sort; per-
haps not to claimants in general.
Mr. COLE. I hope now we shall have
a vote upon this proposition. [" Question ! "
"Question!"] If the Senate is ready to vote
I will lake my seat. I should like to make
suroe remarks, but 1 will not detain the Senate
can have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
ui the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
tu the amendment reported by the Committee
or Appropriations.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very decidedly opposed
ui the amendment offered by the Senator from
Uhio in all its branches. I am desirous to say
something against it : but with a view to hav-
ing a vote, aud in the hope that in the future
the appropriation bills will not be incumbered
by gpneial ltgu-lation, I forbear my chance to j
make any vomaiks.
Mr. COLE. AH that the committee ask is
a voie, and we would rather the amendment
should be voted down than further time wasted
on the subject, 1 apprehend.
'i'li« VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is ou the amendment of the Seuator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand it is but a
single section that is now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One section only.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs now on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; on the next section
of my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that also a
substitute for theamendmcnt of the Committee
on Appropriations ? *
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was understood that we
were to vote upon it section by section, to
vote on each section separately.
Mr. DAVIS. The second branch I deem
to be much more objectionable than the first;
but still, with the hope that it will be voted
down, 1 will not add anything to what has been
Miid against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report tha second section of the proposed
amendment,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That no person who has
been an officer or clerk in tbe public service in
any of the Departments in Washington shall, within
three years thereafter, act as agent or attorney in
the prosecution of claims before the Department in
which he served; ami any person offending against
the provisions of this section shall be liable to in-
dictment a3 for a misdemeanor in any eonrt of the
United States having jurisdiction thereof, and on
conviction shall pay a fine not exceeding $1,000, and
be imprisoned not exceeding one year.
Mr. SHERMAN. The feeling that seems
to control the Senate in voting on these amend-
ments is a desire to get rid of the whole of
them. If the fourth section reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, or anything in
regard to that subject, is to be adopted at all,
the amendment that is now offered ought to
be adopted. This section of my amendment
largely limits the fourth section of the appro-
priation bill as reported by the Committee on
Appropriations. If the Committee on Appro-
priations desire to defeat that section I will
not say one word about this matter; but unless
they abandon that section, I shall consider it
my duty to press a vote, even by the yeas and
nays, upon this amendment. I wish to under-
stand from my friend from California whether
the Committee on Appropriations propose to
strip this bill of these legislative provisions.
Mr. COLE. It is not a new thing, as the
Senator from Ohio well knows, to ingraft
upon an appropriation bill an amendment
which may seem to be called for at the time
by the practices under the Government. The
House of Representatives has passed a bill
much more objectionable in form than the
amendment which is embodied in the fourth
section of the printed bill. It came to us a
few days ago and wa3 referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance of this body. They have since
reported upon it, and in favor of the propo-
sition in the form, I believe, in which it was
presented by the Seuator from Ohio as an
amendment here to-day. The Committee on
Appropriations, while this matter was under
consideration, agreed to embody in this bill
the section printed as section four. They did
it with no expectation but that the Senate
would have the clear right to decide against it
or for it as they might see fit. From practices
that had prevailed under the Government for
some time past it was regarded that something
of this sort should be done. If, however, it
is going to embarrass the appropriation bill I,
for one member on the Committee on Appro-
priations, would be quite willing that it should
be voted down. It can as well come up in
the form in which the House bill has been
reported by the Committee on Finance. They
have reported favorably the House bill. Per-
haps they have the proposition in better forui
than wc have. It may come up in connec-
tion with some other bill, and it can as well
be voted upon on some other bill as on this,
I am extremely anxious that we shall make
some progress with this bill and have a vote
on this question without further discussion.
That is all I have to say on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to know
whether we have got to act on the proposition
of the Committee on Appropriations. It is
not introduced by me. As I said before, I
am opposed, except in rare cases, to legisla-
tive provisions on appropriation bills; but
here the question is presented whether we shall
agree to the fourth section. If the Committee
on Appropriations say they are embarrassed
to-day in the passage of the appropriation bill
by this, and indicates purpose to withdraw
their amendment, which they have a right to
do 
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have not, by any
means.
Mr. SHERMAN. If then they have put us
in a position that we must consider a prop-
osition which I am satisfied is not correct, I
most move to amend it, I did not want to
consume time; the question is not brought
ii«vtj by mej but now! ask tha: the fourthgew
tion be read, or rather I will read it myself
andconjment upon it. I believe I understand it:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no person
shall hereafter act or be employed a3 agent, attor-
ney, or counsel for the prosecution of, or be inter-
ested in the prosecution of, any claim or demand
(except such as may have originally arisen in his
own right) before or in any executive Department
oftheGovernmen t, or any branch or bureau thereof,
m which sueh person shall have been an officer or
employed, within three years next preceding the
becoming sueh agent, attorney, oreonnsel. or becom-
ing interested in the prosecution of such claim or
demand. And every person offending against the
provisions of this section shall be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction thereof shall pay a fine
not c-xccedms Sl.OOO, or be imprisoned notexeeediag
one year.
Thus no person can aet as an attorney for
the prosecution of any claim or be interested
in the prosecution of any claim or demand
before any executive Department, provided he
shall have been an officer of or employ ed within
three years in that Department. If he has
been an attorney employed in a particular case
in that Department or in a matter pending in
that Department, he cannot practice In that
Department for three years. If a lawyer has
accepted a retainer from the Secretary of the
Treasury in a single case he is employed in
that Department by that Department, and if
so employed even for a day or for a single
cause, he is forbidden for three years there-
after from prosecuting any claim or demand
of any nature or character arising in or about
that Department.
Now, there is a certain class of matters of
this kind that ought to be prohibited. They
are in the minds of many persons. Take a
case where an officer or a clerk has got the run
of a Department, has been there for a series
of years, and is familiar with every paper on
the files, is acquainted with the character of
the business, is familiar with the kind of
claims that are disputed, with the insufficiency
of the testimony pending, with what testimony
might strengthen a particular claim against the
Government. Where a man is thus armed
at all points with confidential information,
received from the Government while in the
employment of the Government, it is manifest
that this information thus received ought not
to be used against the Government.
The objection of the Committee on Finance
to the fourth section was that it extended too
far; that it embraced persons temporarily
employed in the Departments, and prevented
them from presenting or defending any claim
in any branch of that Department.
Mr. COLE. I will state to the Senator that
the bill as it came to us from the House, and
that has already been acted upon by his com-
mittee, is infinitely more objectionable than
the section reported by the Committee on
Appropriations. It is entirely objectionable;
and the apprehension was that in the feeling
that prevailed a bill which was utterly objec-
tionable might pas3 the body.
Mr. SHERMAN. That brings me to the
very comment I wished to make. When the
bill to which the Senator alludes came from
the House of Representatives where was it
referred ? To the Committee on Appropria-
tions? Not at all. No one thought of such
a thing. It was referred to the Committee
ou Finance, and we bothered ourselves in as-
certaining how far it ought to be amended,
consulted with the accounting officers of the
Departments, consulted with the Secretary of
the Treasury, and finally we came to the con-
clusion that the House bill was not-correct,
that it weut too far. Still, when we came here
to act upon an appropriatioa bill, we found a
section that is almost if not quite as objection-
able as the proposition referred to us. What
must we do ? Allow the vote to be taken with-
out an attempt to amend it; or on the contrary
show that upon a reference made to us by the
Senate of the United States we have examined
the subject and find that a, modified proposi-
tion is a wiser one?
>yqiv, I do not introduce thU matter bei'e for
