1308
THE CONG-RESSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the first time. I did not propose to introduce
it. Indeed, I intended to call up the till that
I now offer as an amendment on some suitable
day, and ask the attention of the Senate to it,
and get a vote if possible upon it; but here I
find the section, and therefore I offered this
amendment.
Without any further debate, I am perfectly
willing, as I see there is a general disposition
to strike out all this matter from this appro-
priation bill, to postpone it to a more con-
venient season. If that is the pleasure of the
Senate, I am willing. If not, I must insist on
a vote on my amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not any expecta-
tion that any effective provision on this subject
is to be incorporated into the law, any more
than my friend from Minnesota has any ex-
pectation that any effective improvement on
the subject of the franking privilege is going
to be incorporated in the law. [Laughter.]
All of us have got our friends. I have mine,
my friend from Ohio has his, and the moment
a law appears that touches them there is diffi-
culty. We must not by any means touch any-
body who has been temporarily employed in a
Department, says my friend from Ohio. If a
roan has only been there temporarily, if he has
not been there since he was born, he ought to
be allowed to make use of all his information
for plundering the Government, of course. It
would be shocking to shut him out!
And so it goes on; so that, Mr. President.
I feel bound in all seriousness to say that if
the Senate want to adopt the amendment of
my friend from Ohio to this amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations they will be
voting as it will turn out—and I merely put it
upon record now, so that it will appear after-
ward to have been a prophecy—the Senate
will be voting a mere 4th of July declaration ;
you will have spread a net that will hot catch
any larks. That will be the substance of it.
Mr. W A.RNER. It will catch all officers
and clerks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps it will, perhaps
it will not. When it comes to be tried in court,
if you study the phraseology, you will think
differently.
Mr. "WARNER. It names them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Names are very easy
things. If you are in earnest and really mean
to turn out of the Treasury Department, where
the money is, the army of people who have
been there before and know all the papers and
know all the clerks and know everything that
enables them to make a dishonest and unfair
use of knowledge, then stand by the amend-
ment that the Committee on Appropriations
have'reported, not of their sheer will, but be-
cause the Senate sent it to us to report upon.
"We did not initiate this amendment; it was
sent to us to report upon and to act upon,
and we have acted upon it by shaping it into
a form that we thought would really effectuate
the purpose which ostensibly everybody has
in view; but really I do not know how many
of us have it in view, certainly no one can tell;
but apparently we are like the famous Cap-
tain Wattle: "all for love and a little for
the bottle.'''
Mr. President, "if an employ^ in one of the
Departments, employed in it," as a phrase
that will catch everybody that belongs there,
is to be struck out and you are only to have
it apply to an " officer," what becomes of the
six hundred people who are employed in the
printing and engraving bureau of the Treas-
ury, where hundreds of thousands of dollars
arc spent every year? It wa3 only the other
day that the Treasury Department declined to
prosecute a man for offering a bribe to one
of the persons employed there 011 the ground
that he was not an officer and could not bo
convicted. I have studied this subject some-
what with the eye of a lawyer, with what little
learning and ability I possess, and the com-
mittee have studied it; and we have reported
this amendment upon the theory, right or
wrong, that the Senate was absolutely in
earnest. If it is not it had better adopt some-
thing else, and let the thing go on, or nothing
at all. That is all I have to say.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I believe
when this amendment wa3 first brought to my
attention I felt inclined to join in the general
clamor against men who have held office; but
I have come to the conclusion that a certain
amount of plundering in all time to come will
occur as in all time past. There is no ques-
tion about that.
In the next place, I take it for granted that
I have a right as an American citizen to be
employed in the Departments of this Govern-
ment if I can be permitted to receive an ap-
pointment from those in authority. I take it
for granted that I have a right to occupy that
position as long as I please, or by the grace
of the appointing power. I take it for granted
that it is my right to abandon it when I choose
to go out and become an attorney or a practi-
tioner for the collection of claims as any
other American citizen has; and if I have
received nothing but a fair compensation for
my services during the time I have been an
employe of the Government of my country I
have a right, as any other American citizen
has, to act as a fair, honest, legitimate practi-
tioner for the collection of claims from my
Government; and, if I have arrived at any
degree of knowledge by virtue of my connec-
tion with the Department, the presumption is
that I have ascertained that there is a claim
unpaid and that when proper and legal evi-
dence is produced that claim will be paid, that
it is an honest claim, that an honest amount
of evidence will produce the payment of the
claim; and yet, under the adoption of this
amendment, I would be debarred the privilege
of making an honest living as an honest prac-
titioner before a Government that professes to
be merely honest. I see no reason to exclude
any man from the privileges of practicing
before the courts or the bureaus of his
Government simply because he has been so
unfortunate as for a time to have been im-
mured intone of the offices of that same
Government, at a very small and incompetent
Mr. DAVIS. The remarks of the honor-
able Senator who has just taken his seat are
eminently just, and I should wonder if their
force did not have proper effect on everybody
who has heard them.
Now let us apply his doctrines to a case;
and principles "are best illustrated by indi-
vidual cases. Take Joe Wilson, recently dis-
missed from the office of Commissioner of the
General Land Office, one of the most compe-
tent, vigilant, and. efficient officers that the
Government ever had—a man whose capacity
and integrity are above all question ; what will
be the application of this proposition to him?
Although men who are higher in place than
he, who can exercise the power of dismissing
him from office, choose to abuse that power
m the most culpable manner, and to remove a
most competent officer unjustly, iniquitously,
from an office which he has filled for almost a
life-time, and in which he v^as much more effi-
cient and valuable to the puolic than any other
man that could be named for it, and a man
^'Y° kas a capacity to fill the offices that are
filled by those who have removed him from
office in a much higher degree than they them-
selves have ; yet when he is thus unjustly and
iniquitously removed from office it is proposed
that he shall not have the privilege of being
employed by those who have interests in that
Department for the assertion of those interests,
and if he does take such employment that
he shall commit as Jt were a felony, and be
subjected to an infamous punishment!
"hy, Mr. President, the Government has
no right to assume the position of the enemy
of the claimant against the Government. The
claimant is a citizen ; he is an American citi-
zen ; he is preeminently entitled to justice
against the Government. It is the duty of
the Government to give him everything that
belongs to him. Why are the men who are
acquainted with the secrets of the Depart-
ments and with the rights of the citizen so far
as they are recorded in the Departments to be
excluded from employment by the citizens for
the assertion of their rights ? It is simply that
the Government may stifle the knowledge
which they have of the rights of the citizen,
and in that way that the Government may be
enabled to oppress and to swindle the citizen
out of his rights.
Mr. President, such Taws ought to receive
the severest reprobation. The Government,
instead of stifling information, suppressing
information, preventing those who have it from
giving it to men who have claims against the
Government, ought to advertise to the whole
country and to every man who has rights the
evidence of which is in the Departments, of
the existence of those rights, and men who
have filled such offices and thus become con-
versant with the rights of the citizen, rights
that are improperly withheld from him by the
Government and which the Government cught
to reveal to him, ought to disclose to him,
ought to make known to him by every means
in its power, instead of being made criminals
for undertaking to perform the duty of agent
and attorney for these citizens whose rights
have thus been withheld by the Government,
>ought to be rewarded. Instead of the Gov-
ernment endeavoring to make such acts felo-
nies, it ought to reward and stimulate men
who have such knowledge to give it to the
citizens, for whose benefit it ought to be re-
vealed.
Sir, I am amazed that any system of policy
should be advocated the effect of which is to
suppress information, to suppress knowledge,
to treat every claimant.as a scoundrel, as a
swindler of the Government, and the Govern-
ment as his master and his superior, whose
business it is to defraud him, to cover up in
the multitude of papers and documents of a
Department the evidences of his rights arid
to hide them so deep under old musty papers
and records that they shall never be reached.
I am amazed that any office-holder should
attempt to administer the Government 011 any
such principle as that. Sir, light ought to be
poured in upon these Departments; their
deepest recesses ought to be -penetrated by
truth, by justice; and those who have rights
the evidence of which is in these Departments
and these bureaus ought to have it unveiled to
them. The Government ought to take means
to lay before the people whose rights are thus
covered up the evidence of them, instead of
its being withheld. Instead of making it penal
and a felony for persons who have this knowl-
edge to undertake the oifice'of agent and of
attorney for those from whom justice has so
long been withheld, it ought to offer induce-
ments and facilities to such persons to Leeom 
the agents and attorneys of the parties fiom
whom justice has been withheld.
I trust that tio such policy as this will be
sustained for a moment by the Senate. [tru*r.
that this proposition will be voted down, and
that whenever it is brought up at any fatuie
time it will be fairly discussed in a spirit of
manly justice and truth, and will be voted
down by men who are determined to do right
and that the Government shall do right to the
people, to whom the Government belongs.
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to say, and
nothing on the merits that will call for any
discussion. As some question was raised a<
to the jurisdiction of the Committee on Appro-
priations on this subject, I will stare that
011 the 27th of January last this matter was
presented to the Senate by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and referred to
the Committee 011 Appropriations and ordert d
to be printed. The subject was thereima
legitimately and properly before that com-
mittee. That ia all I have to say.
