1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
Mr WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
regiment was under the gentleman's own com-
mand.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
was in his own State.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In my own town.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to state the ground on which the com-
mittee acted. The Government paid the rent
for the time the property was used by the Gov-
ernment ; but here is a claim, as thegentleman
says, for the glass broken and other damages
to the building.
The committee say that when we deal with
the question of settling damages it will be time
enough to consider claims of this kind. But
there are multiplied all over the country cases
where the parties have not even got the rent.
In this case the Government has paid all they
thought the individual was justly entitled to.
But he comes in at this late day and says there
were damages to this property which have not
been settled. Why, this country is covered all
over with damages. Your Army in its march
took possession of this and the other man's
farm and damaged it to the amount of thou-
sands of dollars, and you have not paid him
a dollar for such damage. In this case the
Government took this property and occupied
il, and paid for the occupation of it all they
thought it was worth. Are we prepared to take
upon us the question of damages and settle with
every man ail over the land for every damage
that has been done to his property? The
committee say that until that is done this
individual has got all he can claim, the Gov-
ernment. having paid for the occupation, and
that, we could not, go into the other point.
We have had cases before us from Pennsyl-
vania, where we took possession of property
when the raid was made and damages were
caused to the amount of millions of dollars.
But we have not reported any bill to settle
these damages. We have not taken up that
question ; and why ought we to take it up here?
Because, says thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Faknsworth,] this individual is a poor man.
Does the gentleman mean to say that the com-
mittee in settling claims against the Govern-
ment is to be governed by a consideration of
that kind? Will he say that when the Gov-
ernment, in the prosecution of the war, has
occupied a man's building and settled with the
man, giving him what it thought was fair and
equitable, we are to go back and take up those
cases again and settle for damages. And before
tlie House, understanding the facts, undertakes
to say that when the Government has settled
with a man for all it considers rightly due for
the use of the property he is to be again set-
tled with if he alleges that there was a damage
over and above that, I ask the House to remem-
ber that there are many thousands of persons
whose buildings have been occupied who have
not, even got their rents up to the. present time.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I desire to make
a very brief statement in reference to this case.
There is no question at all but that the prop-
erty of the claimant was damaged by the Gov-
ernment his house having been almost entirely
destroyed. The contract was signed by both
parties. The clause in the contract requiring
that the property when returned should be in
as good repair as when taken possession of
by the Government was stricken out; and the
attention of the committee was called to that
lact by the Department. If the claim had been
presented at the proper time there might have
been some remedy, but inasmuch us the con-
tract itself does not require the return of the
properly in the condition in which the Gov-
ernment found it, as was required in many
other cases of property taken, the committee
have not felt themselves at liberty to go behind
the contract which the party himself entered
into with the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In answer to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] I desire to say that I did not understand
the committee to report against this claim
because they had not time to examine it. It
has been examined. It is reported against, as
appears from the statement of my colleague,
[Mr. Moore,] mainly because in the lease
which I now hold in my hand the covenant
that the premises would be returned in as good
condition as when they were entered upon was
stricken out. Why, Mr. Speaker, this is an
ordinary lease, and all the covenants that were
in print, in blank, were stricken out. This was
a poor man and an ignorant man, and he never
read the covenants—as that the party taking
the house would quit it on ten days' notice;
that he would keep the premises in good re-
pair ; that he would yield them up in as good
coudition as when the same were entered upon,
&c. All these were stricken out. When a
man leases a house to the Government at three
dollars a week he does not expect the Gov-
ernment to tear it down. I know the facts
of this case, which occurred in my town. I
was not in command of the troops who took
possession of the property, although the regi-
ment—the seventeenth regiment of Illinois
cavalry—was raised by me. It was in the win-
ter time, and owners of houses were obliged to
rent, them for what they could get for them.
This man's house, by its occupation by the
troops, was rendered worthless. I trust the
House will not, because the man's house was
a poor one, refuse to pay him this $300 for
the damage which was done to it. If he were
a rich man there would be a greater disposi-
tion, I am sorry to say, to entertain the claim.
I ask the House to let this bill pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Peter J. Burcheli,
of Kane county, Illinois, the sum of S318 05,
for the occupation of and damage to his house
and premises by United States troops during
the fall of the year 18C3.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune.
The question was put on the passage of the
bill; and there were—ayes 36, noes 08: no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnsworth,
and Mr. Moore of Illinois, were appointed.
The Housedivided ; and the tellers reported
nineteen in the affirmative.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not insist on
a further count. We do not pay small claims
here; we only pay large ones.
So the House refused to pass the bill: aud
it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAWES. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and I desire to move to so into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Before doing so, however, I will yield to my
colleague, [Mr. Hooper,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
sending bi1.l.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported back,
with two amendments, the bill (S. No. 1149)
to amend an act entitled " An act to authorize
the refunding of the national debt."
The bill was read. It provides that the
amount of bonds authorized by the act ap-
proved July 14, 1870, entitled '-An act to au-
thorize the refunding of the national debt,"
to be issued bearing live per cent, interest per
annum, be increased to $500,000,000, and that
the interest on any portion of the bonds issued
under said act or under this act may be made
payable quarter yearly.
The amendments reported by the Committee
of Wavs and Means were read, as follows:
In line seven, after the word " may." insert "at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
At the end of the bill add the following:
Provided, however, That this act shall not be con-
strued to authorize any increase of the total amount
of bonds provided for by the act to which this act is
an amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
this bill will-need no explanation ; but if any.
one has any questions to put to me iu regard
to it, I shall be happy to answer them. [After
a pause.] I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
a third reading; and il was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVli OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted
to Mr. Ayer, on account of sickness in his
family.
service ox A committee.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. Morphis a member of the com-
mittee to attend the funeral of the late Mr.
Covode, in the place of Mr. Beattt, who was
unable to attend.
PAY OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication from the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the House :
House op Repkesentativks,
Washington, I). (J., December —, 1870.
Sir : Hon. James Manning, jr.. Representative
from the fourth district of North Carolina, desires
to know when his pay as a member commences.
Mr. Manning was elected to fill a vacancy caused
by the death of Mr. Gillam, who had been elected to
fill tho vacancy caused by tlie resignation of Mr.
Deweese, but died before taking his seat,
The question, therefore, arises whether tho repre-
sentatives of Mr. Gillani are entitled to a portion of
the pay which hast accrued since the date of Mr.
Deweese's resignation, or whether Mr. Manning
shall leceivc the full amount accrued since tho
vacancy occurred.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. G. ORDWAY,
Serffeant-at-Arm/f House of Ilcprceentativift.
Hon. James 0. Blainb,
Speaker ol the House of Representatives,
The communication was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PENSION BBRKAC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Com-
missioner of Pensions, asking for an appro-
priation of $20,880, to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for his bureau for the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1871; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
SEDGWICK AND DAVID'S ISLAND HOSPITALS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting to the House the draft
of a joint resolution to provide for the transfer
to the marine hospital establishment of the
hospital at New Orleans, and in New York,
known as the Sedgwick and David's island
Hospitals: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
THOMAS M. REDD.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, asked and ob-
tained unanimous consent to have withdrawn
from the files of the House the papers in the
case of Thomas M. Redd, of Kentucky.
coinage of the united states, etc.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed for the use of the House Sen-
ate bill No. 859, revising the laws relative to
the mints, assay offices, and coinage of the
United States; which bill is now before the
Committee of Coinage, Weights and Measures.
No objection was made, and it was accord-
ingly ordered.
salaries ix treasure department.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2712) to establish the
