1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1921
of the words stricken out the words '* and fifty; and
that the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
outof said Senate amendment the words ior a ship-
canal two hundred feet wide and twenty-six ieet
deep from the mouth of the St. Mary's river to the
mouth of the Suwannee river, Florida, and harbors
at the termini, with the estimation for cost ot con-
struction of canal, improvement of harbor, and con-
struction of necessary breakwater; and the benate
agree to the same, pgjjygfpg SAWYER,
0. J). CONGER,
hfaTt'Wfi on the part of the House*
Z. CHANDLER. ■
W. A. BUCKINGHAM,
JOHN W. JOHNSTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not wish at
this late hour to attempt to obstruct the pas-
sage of this bill; I will pot take that responsi-
bility. But I desire to have it go on the record
that I protest against the action of the con-
ference committee as to the manner in which
it has yielded to deductions by the Senate from
every appropriation for the Mississippi valley,
while it took care to increase the appropria-
tions for other parts of the country.
Mr. SAWYER. We have not done that.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, The most import-
ant of them have been cut down; the appro-
priation for the Des Moines rapids improve-
ment has been cut down; those for the mouth
of the Missouri river, for Alton harbor, and
for St. Louis harbor have all been cut down.
Mr. CONGER. In answer to what the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg] has
said, I will say that the Senate cut down the
Des Moines rapids appropriation to the extent
of $75,000, and this joint committee of con-
ference have raised it $50,000.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. You raised every
other.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman hear
me for a moment? The appropriation was
restored to within $25,000 of the amount of
the House appropriation. Iti regard to the
other appropriations to which the gentleman
refers, they were not considered even by the
Committee of Commerce of the House, or by
the sub-committee on rivers and harbors, of
-which the gentleman was a very active mem-
ber.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. No matter ; they
■were in the bill when it went from the House.
Mr. CONGER. They were not considered
by the committee of the House at all, and no
report ever reached the House committee in re-
gard to the Alton, the St. Louis, or the Missouri
river appropriation of which he complains; and
I will say to the gentleman that it is the first
time I ever heard him advocate these appro-
priations in committee or otherwise.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The reports came
in after the bill was reported to the House.
Mr. CONGER. That is true; but it is not
a matter of reproach to the committee of con-
ference that these reports did not come in until
it was too late for them to be laid before the
committee for their action.
Mr. SAWYER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter,.]
Mr. POTTER. I do not desire at thig late
hour of the session to antagonize the report of
the committee of conference, or to Oppose any
agreement to it on the part of the House. But
1 ask the House to bear with me for a moment
■while I state to the House the reasons why I
did not sign the report.
First, because the Senate added to the
House bill, and the conference committee have
retained appropriations for which there has
never been before the House committee any
estimate or any recommendation from the
engineer department. I hold that a just and
wise and fair bill, appropriating money for
rivers and harbors, can only be framed wj^en
the proper information is before some one
committee or body, which may thus be enabled
to consider the necessities and claims of every
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 121.
locality, and the proportion of the aggregate
amount appropriated for such purposes which
should be allotted to the different points in
the country as their necessities and commercial
importance demand. Therefore, my objection
iti this respect to this conference report is not
because it strikes out appropriations for places
which the Senate put in, and which were never
considered by the House committee, as the
gentleman from Missouri complains, but, on
the contrary, because it still includes places in
regard to which we had no estimates or reports,
and no opportunity to act in the House, or,
indeed, to decide wisely or justly at all.
Is it not generally the fact that gentlemen
who procure reports at the last moment, after
the bill has been framed and the allotments
completed, if they get anything, get all or
nearly all recommended by the chief of engin-
eers, and this without any proper consider-
ation of the merits of the localities for which
they apply, when other localities the merits of
which have been fully considered are scaled
down with regard to the aggregate of the bill
and their relative necessity and importance ;
a method of legislation which can hardly fail
to be both unwise and unjust?
Secondly, I have declined to concur in this
report because many of these appropriations
are for local, not national improvements. In
saying this I do not find fault with the sub-
committee of the House, who, I believe, have
generally done in this regard the best they
could under the circumstances ; and I particu-
larly desire to bear testimony to the care and
caution of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Sawyer,] who was actingcliairman of the sub-
committee of this House, and now presents this
conference report.
But, finally, I object to this report because
as it will leave the bill the bill will be grossly
unfair. For instance, the appropriation made
by this bill for the most importaut public work
of the kind in the United States, Hell Gate,
is only $250,000, the lowest sum which, ac-
cording to the reports of the engineers, will
enable the work to be kept up at Hell Gate
daring the year, and for which the recom-
mendation was $450,000. Yet this House,
upon the report of the engineer department,
appropriated as much as $60,000 for that unim-
portant place, Superior City, and the recom-
mendation was put on the express ground that
Superior City would be the terminus of a pro-
jected railway, although it has now scarcely
any commerce, but is expected to have a com-
merce by and by.
Here is the report before me, showing that
piers have been extended some twelve hundred
feet, and that they must be extended nearly
two thousand feet more to get to eighteen feet
of water. The report says, " the business is
at present small, but will doubtless be more
when the railway is built.1' Upon that report
the House committee recommended and the
House appropriated $60,000 to Superior City;
and yet, after all that, the Senate added $60,000
for Duluth. [Laughter.] Now, where is Du-
luth? It is on the same bay with Superior
City, six or eight miles distant I believe. I do
not know which is the more important place
of the two, nor at which the railway is ulti-
mately to terminate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are opposition
towns.
Mr. POTTER. They are opposition towns,
the gentleman says, and I _ infer projected
towns, almostwithoutpopulation,withoutbusi-
ness, without commerce ; though to one of these
towns it is expected that a railway will be built;
and, at the last minute, without examination,
without a report, without a recommendation
from the proper authorities, the Senate decides
to appropriate $60,000 more to Duluth, mak-
ing $120,000 to these two places ; and this con-
ference report recommends concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There never can be
more than one town in that location. These
are opposition places; and no appropriation
should have been made for more than one.
Mr. POTTER. I do not kfiow which of
these two places should receive whatever ap-
propriation is made ; but I have declined to
sign a report which allotted an aggregate of
$120,000 for the improvement of these two
adjacent, insignificant towns at the head of
Lake Superior, where that railway which Con-
gress has endowed with a territory larger than
France is to commence, and for whose benefit
this appropriation would seem to be meant.
On agreeing to the report there were—ayes
72, noes 32.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
So the report was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. LAWRENCE submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2995)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal years ending June 30,1870, and June 30,
1871, and for former years, and for other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 4, 16,17, 21, 26, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 49, 50, 51.
and 52.
That the House of Representatives recede from
theirdisagreement tothe amendmentsof the Senate
numbered 1, 2. 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11,12, 13, 14,15,18,
19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 25, 27, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41.
42, 43, 44, 45. 47, and 48, and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the forty-sixth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with tho following
amendment, namely:
Strike out all after line six in said amendment:
and the Senate agree to the-same.
WILLIAM LAWRENCE,
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
C. COLE,
T. O. HOWE,
george yickers,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. LAWRENCE. At this late hour of
the evening I will not detain the House at
any length.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make aa
inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The House struck out
$100,000 of the proposed appropriation for
the Freedmen's Bureau substantially, as I
understand it. Now, I wish to know whether
that $100,000 has been restored.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Ithas not been restored.
I may say in general terms that the Senate
made something over fifty amendments to the
deficiency bill, and the committee of confer-
ence have reduced the amount appropriated
by the bill, as it passed the House, with the
additions made in the Senate $423,975. I
will state the items in detail.
Amount
3
9
10
11
15
46
Items added by Senate and agreed
to by conference committee.
One assistantengineer. 
Steam pump for heating appa-
ratus   
Heating and ventilating  
Court-house,Madison," isconsin.
Court-house, Portland, Maine....
Repair custom house, Sandusky,
Compensation two assistants
Congressional Library..-  
Salaries of Gorernor, &a., ot
Dakota^ 
Total..
$1,440 00
1,000 00
1.000 00
12,182 74
36,837 64
10,000 00
3,000 00
1,700 00
$67,160 38
