1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
S'cJ-J
. e o
5 v <o
u
33
38
43
Items.
Items of House struck out by Senate.
Pay for officers of marine hos-
pital, Chicago 
Pay for female clerks of Post
Office 
Contingencies of Army 
Bureau Medicine and Surgery,
(Navy) ;.
Total 
Items of House reduced by Senate.
Expenses of legal proceedings
Boston post office 
Convicts in State penitentiaries.
Roof for cadet quarters, West
Point 
Miscellaneous Army 
Stationery and printing chief
engineer Army  
Mileage and transportation  
Miscellaneous, unfulfilled con-
tracts 
Provision and clothing Navy 
Clothing Marine corps 
Total..
Item* inserted in the Senate but
rejected by ike conference com-
mittee.
Clerks and messengers in Assist-
ant Treasurer's office at Balti-
more . 
Cleiks and messengers m Assist-
ant Treosurer'soffice at Cincin-
nati, Ohio 
Clerks and messengers in As&ist-
antTreasurer's office at Chicago
Clerks and messengers in Assist-
ant Treasurer's office at Louis-
ville 
Deficiency in transporting public
moneys  
Assistant Treasurer atNewOrlcaus
Tax commissioners, South Caro-
lina   
United States marshal, Ne-
braska 
Ten clerks in Patent Office  
Land Office  
William Hardin, surveying pub-
liclands in Nebraska 
Territory of Wyoming, printing
laws, ifce 
To obtain manuscripts in Euro-
pean libraries 
Robert Kirkpatrick, claim .v.
Pay of Missouri troops in 1863.
Total  $74,010 00
Amount.
$10,000 00
1.800 00
25,000 00
3.000 00
$39,800 00
$1,000 00
10,000 00
10,000 00
100,000 00
3,000 00
2,000 00
7.000 00
100.000 00
10.000 00
$243,000 00
$6,760 00
5,250 00
1.100 00
800 00
5,000 00
500 00
3,500 00
400 00
4.333 00
10,000 00
3,600 00
4,250 00
8.000 00
20,523 00
Total amount of reduction* a* above.
Items added by Senate but struck out by confer-
ence committee 1(57,160 38
House items struck out by Senate and
agreed to by conference  39,800 00
House items reduced by Senate and agreed
to by conference  243,000 00
Senate items rejected by conterence  74,016 00
Total $423,976 38
Besides an indefinite sum for Missouri troops.
There were sundry other items in the bill,
either increased or decreased by the Senate,
which were restored just as they originally
passed the House. There were also some
verbal amendments agreed to; and there was
some legislation ou the Senate amendments
which the conference committee struck out.
I demand the previous question on the adop-
tion of the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge over the arkansas river.
On motion of Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Railways and Canals
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. 11. No. 3065) amendatory of an
act authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Arkansas river at Little Rock, ap-
proved July 1, 1870.
The bill, which was read, provides that if
any bridge built under said act shall be con-
strected as a draw-bridge, the same shall be
constructed as a pivot bridge, with a draw over
the main channel of the river, at au accessible
and navigable point, and with spans of not less
than one hundred and fifty feet in the clear on
each side of the central or pivot pier; and
there shall not be a greater number of fixed
spans than four, of uniform length, crossing
the remainder of said river, and said spans
shall not be less than thirty-six feet above low-
water mark, measuring to the bottom chord of
the bridge.
Mr. ROOTS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ROOTS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
conference committee.
TheSPEAKER. The joint resolution ofthe
Senate No. 295, relating to the rights of
actual settlers in certain lands in Iowa, comes
back from the Senate with the amendment
made on the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] non concurred in; and
the Senate asks for a committee of conference.
The Chair hears no objection to granting it,
and appoints as the conferees on the part of
the House Mr. Pomekoy of Iowa, Mr. Hol
man of Indiana, and Mr. Julian of Indiana.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I sub-
mitthe report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the naval appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2789) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1872, and
for other purposes,* having: met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 24 and 25.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 1. 2.3, 4, 5. 6, 7, 8, 9.10.11,12,13,14,15,
16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, and 26, and agree to the
same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the twenty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to tho same with the
following amendment:
Strike out ail of said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof the following substitute:
And no contract shall be made for a dock under
this section at a cost exceeding $1,000,000; and the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to invite, by
public advertisement, plans and specifications for
such doc*is,,and to award to any person, not in the
naval service, whose plans may be adopted by the
Naval Department, a sum not exceeding $5,000. But
no plan shall be adopted until it shall first receive
the sanction of not loss than five experienced officers
to bo appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, a
majority of whom shall be constructors and engineers,
and one of whom shall be au experienced civil en-
gineer. And in shall be the duty of said board to
consider all the plans and specifications laid before
it, whether the same were prepared in the Navy
Department or by parties competing theiewith. And
the plans and specifications that shall be adopted
shall be open to the inspection of all persons who
desire to become competitors for at leastninety days
before the awarding of such contract.
And the Scnateagree to the same.
That the House recede Irom their disagreement to
the^amendments of the Senate numbered 29, 30, 31,
32. 33, 34, 35, 36, and 37, and agree to the same with
an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of the said amendments, and substi-
tute in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. —. That the officers of the medical corps on the
active list of the Navy shall be as follows:
Fifteen mcdical directors, who shall have tho rela-
tive rank of captain;
Fifteen medical inspectors, who shall have the
relative rank of commander ; and
Fifty surgeons, who shall have the relative rank
oflieutenanteommanderorlieutenant; and each and
all of the above-named officers ofthe medical corps
shall have the pay of surgeons in the Navy, as now
provided; and medical directors and inspectors on
duty at sea shall rcceive the pay of fleet surgeons.
One hundred assistant surgeons, who shall have tho
relative rank of master or ensign, with the present
pay of assistant surgeon in the Navy: Provided,
That assistant surgeons of three years' service, who
have been qualified for promotion by a medical board
of examiners, shall have the pay of passed assistant
surgeons, as now provided; and passed assistant sur-
geons shall have the relative rank of lieutenant or
master.
And no person under twenty-one or over twenty-
six years of age shall hereafter be appointed an
assistant surgeon in the Navy.
pay corps.
Sec. —. That the officers of the pay corps on the
active list of the Navy shall be as follows:
Thirteen pay directors, who shall have the relative
rank of captain ;
Thirteen pay inspectors, who shall have the rela-
tive rank of commander; and
Fifty paymasters, who shall have the relative rank
of lieutenant commander or lieutenant; and each
and all ofthe above-named officers of the pay corps
shall have the pay of paymasters in the Navy, as
.now provided; and pay directors and inspectors on
duty at sea shall receive the pay of fleet paymasters.
Thirty passed assistant paymasters, who shall have
the relative rank of lieutenant or master, with the
pay of passed assistant paymasters in the Navy as
now provided: and
Twenty assistant paymasters, who shall have the
relative rank of master or ensign, with tho pay of
assistant paymasters, as now provided : Provided,
however. That all laws and regulations relating to
the bonds of paymasters shall continue in full iuice
and application, and the issuing of a new appoint-
ment and commission to any officer of the pay corps
under the provisions of this act shall not affect or
annul any existing bond, but the same shall remain
in force, and apply to such new appointment and
commission.
engineer corps.
Sec. —. That the officers of the Engineer corps on
the active list of the Navy shall be as follows :
Ten chief engineers, who shall have the relative
rank of captain;
Fifteen chief engineers, who shall have the rela-
tive rank of commanders ; and
Forty-five chiet engineers, who shall have the rela-
tive rank of lieutenant commandor or lieutenant;
and each and all of the above-named officers of tho
Engineer corps snail have the pay of chief engineers
of the Navy, as now provided.
One hundred first assistant engineers, who shall
have tho relative rank of lieutenant or master ; and
One hundred second assistant engineers, who shall
have the relative rank of master or ensign ; and tho
said assistant engineers shall have the pay of first
and second assistant engineers of the Navy, respect-
ively, as now provided.
That no person under nineteen or over twenty-si*
years of age shall be appointed a second assistant
engineer in the Navy, nor shall any person be
appointed or promoted in tho Engineer corps until
after he has been found qualified by a board of com-
petent engineer and medical officers designated by
the Secretary of the Navy, and has complied with
existing regulations.
Sec.—. That of the naval constructors, two shall
have the relative rank of captain, three of com-
mander, and all others that of lieutenant command-
er or lieutenant; and assistant naval constructors
shall have the relative rank of lieutenant or m ister;
four chaplains shall have the relative rank of cap-
tain, seven that of commander, and not more than
seven that of lieutenant commander or lieutenant;
and that the Presidentof the United States is hereby
authorized, in his discretion, to determine and hx
the relative rank of civil engineers; Provided, That
the pay of said officers shall not be increased.
Sec. —. That the foregoing grades herebv estab-
lished for the staff corps of the Navy shall be filled
by appointment from the highe>t numbers in each
corps, according to seniority, and that new commis-
sions shall be issued to the officers so appointed, in
whichcommissions the titles and grades herein estab-
lished shall be inserted, and no existing coinmi?sion
shall be vacated in the said several staff corps, except
by the issue of new com missions required by the pro-
visions of this act.^and no officer shall be reduced in
rank or loseseniority in hisown corps by any change
which may be required under the provisions of this
act; and the officers of the staff corps of the Navy
and naval constructors shall take precedencein their
several corps, and in their several grades, and with
officersof the line with whom they hold relative rank
according to length of service in the Navy: Pro-
vided, That, in estimating the length of service for
this purpose, the several officers of the staff corps
shall, respectively, take precedence in theii several
grades and with those officers of the line of the Navy
with whom they holdrelative rank who have been in
the naval s-ervicesix years longer than such officers
of said staff corps have been in said service : And
provided further, That in estimating such length of
service officers who have been advanced or lo*£num-
bers on the Navy Register shall be considered as liav-
mggamedorlostlengthof service accordingly- And
■provided farther, That chiefs of bureau may be ap-
pointed hum officers having the relative rank of
captmnm the staff corps of the Navy on the aetive
list: yl/id T>royide<l J urther, Thatuostaff officer shall,
m virtue of his relative rank or precedence, hav-
any additi°nalr|ghtt'  quarters: A nd prowled fur-
ther, lhat any staff officer of the Navy who has per-
formed his duty ot chief of a bureau of the Navy
i>epartment for a full term shall thereafter be exempt
from sea duty, except in time of war.
feec. That officers of the medical, pay, and en-
