484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
salaries of officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill, in which the concurrence of
ihe House was requested, of the following
title:
A hill (S. No. 887) for the relief of Rebecca
J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
Mr. STILES. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for consideration at this time, a
bill {H, R. No. 2718) in relation to additional
boanties. I will briefly state the necessity for
the bill and its scope, and then I think there
will be no objection to it.
The actof July 28,1866, known as the addi-
tional bounty act, was limited in its benefits
by the act of March 3, 1869, which cut off the
payment of this bounty unless the cases were
filed before the close of that year, 1869. From
the close of 1869 uj> to July 13, 1870, these
bounties were not paid. The act of July 13,
1870, extended the time for their payment to
January 13, 1871. It is proposed by this bill
to extend the time for the filing of these
claims. It appears but simple justice that
those claimants who have not yet received the
benefits of this aet should be allowed further
time for the filing of their claims.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by whieh the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1SXKC0TIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BII.L.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
2624, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872.
The Clerk read the following clause of the
bill:
For compensation of survevor general of Louisi-
ana, $2,000. and for clerks in his office, 62,500.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to strike out this
paragraph.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
for surveyor general of Florida, $2,000, and for
clerks in hia office, $2,500.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read; and I will in a few words
state the reason why I moved to strike out the
other paragraph, and have moved to strike out
this one. In my judgment, all the public lands
in the States of Louisiana and Arkansas were
surveyed long ago. Therefore, there being
nothing there to be surveyed, there is no neces-
sity for this appropriation. Members from
those States are here, and I would like to hear
from them the facts in the case.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I know there
are lands in those States not ,yet surveyed.
Besides that, the question is'aotyet determined
what are swamp Uwds and what ares not. That,
however, is the chief business of,the surveyor
general. ...
Mr. ROGERS. I know that a lirjjje portion ,
of the swamp lands in ~Atk&nsas" have" beeriws-
posed of, and therefore the surveyor general
lias nothing to do with them. The swamp lands
have been located by the local authorities of
the State, and referred to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for his approval or
confirmation. If, from the field notes, he de-
termines that any of the lands thus located are
not swamp lands, then he rejects the reports
made to him, and the lands revert to the Gov-
ernment. This is equally the case with the
State o'f Louisiana, and I think I may say it is
the case with all the southern States. There-
fore, I think to give these officers salaries is
simply to throw so much money away. I know
that in Arkansas all theste lands have been sur-
veyed, and I believe such is the case in Louisi-
ana and Florida. This matter in regard to
the public lands has nothing to do with the
question, because they have been surveyed,
and they will not have to be surveyed again.
Those lands, the surveys of which are con-
firmed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, will go to the States; those not
confirmed will go to the Government. I have
no information from the Land Office on this
subject; but I will take the trouble to ascer-
tain if what I have said is not true. I know
that what I have stated in regard to Arkansas
is correct; and I believe that what I have said
in regard to that State holds good in reference
to the other two States. I hope, therefore,
that the appropriation of $9,000 in this para-
graph will be struck out. The money is just
thrown away to feed some hungry men who
want office.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Rogers, there were—ayes 20, noes 23;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Rogers, and
Mr. Sheldon of Louisiana, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation ot Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, §3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; entomologist, $3,000;
chemist, $2,000; assistant cheuiist, $1,690; superin-
tendent of experimental gardens and grounds, $2,000;
statistician, £2,000; disbursing clerk, @1,800; super-
intendent of seed-room, 81,800; librarian $1,800;
botanist, 61,400 ;_three clerks ot class lour, fourclerks
of class three, six clerks of class two, seven clerks
of class one; engineer, SI,400; superintendent of fold-
ing-room, $1,200; assistant superintendent of garden
and grounds, SI,200; assistant superintendent ol
eeod-room, $1,200; three copyists, at $900 each; two
attendants in museum, at $1,000 each; chief messen-
ger, 8850; two assistant messengers, at$720 each; one
carpenter, at $960; three watchmen, at $720 oach;
and eight laborers, at 1720 each ; making, in all,
$70,870.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by striking out " four"
in line nine hundred and fifty-one and insert-
ing "eight;" so as to make the salary of the
botanist $1,800. The present incumbent of
this office, who is regarded as a most accom-
plished botanist and an excellent officer, is
laboring daily for the sum of 31,400 a year,
while his services in almost any of the insti-
tutions of the States would command nearly
double that sum. I simply ask this House to
allow this botanist $1,800. Even this sum
will be a very small recompense for the very
important services which he renders. I trust
the Committee of the Whole will at once recog-
nize the justice of this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do notknow
that I shall be able to resist successfully any
amendment which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr.Wn,sox] maypropose. Last year the gen-
tleman succeeded in getting this part of the
bill fixed to suit him, iu spite of every struggle
which F could make with the object of holding
the appropriation down to a given sum. The
appropriation for the Department of Agricul-
ture have increased every year for the last ten
years. Last year I tried to bring the House
to the conviction that the appropriation had
reached as high asit ought to go, but my friend
frpni Ohio succeeded in getting the amount
'raised last fe&r just as-he wanted it. In order
that we might not have this struggle over
again the committee have reported in this bill
the precise amount that the House agreed to
last year for this Department—the amount
which exactly suited the gentleman from Ohio
last year; yet he now comes here and asks
for this increase throughout all these items.
Thus we are going on from year to year in-
creasing the appropriations for this Depart-
ment. This bill, as reported by the commit-
tee, proposes an appropriation for this Depart-
ment of $147,640—the same amount that we
appropriated last year. In addition to this we
appropriate about two hundred thousand dol-
lars for agricultural reports, making an aggre-
gate of about three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. I submit, Mr. Chairman, that much
as we are interested in the subject of agiioul-
ture, and much as we are disposed to deal
liberally with this Department, there should
be some limitation imposed.
The gentleman begins with a proposition for
raising the salaries of subordinate officers in
the Department. I hope the House will decline
to sanction the proposition. I repeat that last
year we gave Mr. Capron, the Commissioner,
exactly what he asked, and exactly what my
friend from Ohio insisted npon as demanded
by the necessities of the case.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. DAWES. I do not recollect that any-
thing proposed by the gentleman failed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I did not get half
of what I desired. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I do not recolleet that, there
was anything which the gentleman asked and
did not get; and 1 do hope he will refrain from
pressing this proposition to raise the salary of
a subordinate officer $400.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting "nine" instead
of "eight." I make this motion for the pur-
pose of enabling me to correct an erroneous
impression which the remarks of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations are cal-
culated to make upon the minds of members.
The gentleman says that the expenses of the
Agricultural Department are constantly on the
increase. Now, I desire to say to the com-
mittee, and I am responsible for the statement,
that for the last three years the Department
of Agriculture has received, in the aggregate,
only $27,000 more than was received by it
during the three preceding years.
Now, mark my words. Twenty-seven thou-
sand dollars more have been received by that
Department during the last three years than
it received during the three prior years ; but
bear in mind that out of the appropriations
during the last three years the new agricultural
building has been put up at an expense of
$100,000, with all its water and gas fixtures
and other necessary appendages, which cost a
considerable sum of money. A glass structure
has also been put up during the last season.
The whole cost, in the aggregate, $170,000. I
hope, therefore, my friend from Massachusetts
will not insist that ws are constantly increasing
expenses. There has been a large diminution
of expenditures in that Department, in pro-
portion to the improvements* which have been
made.
Again, Mr. Chairman, is it expected by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that the Department of Agriculture is to stand
perfectly still, never to advance, never to im-
prove? No such thing can be desired by the
committee or by this House. I have asked for
an increase in the salary of the botanist, which
is now but $1,400 a year. I ask gentlemen
whether a man who is regarded as a competent
botanist can be secured to give his time and
to live in this expensive city for $1,400 a year?
I do not propose a general increase of salaiy
of all the emploj'6sof the Agricultural Derail-
ment, as the gentleman would seem to imply.
I have proposed merely a single item, and that
is to increase thfe Salary otily of 'fhjs one offi-
cer, who giveg^his services as a ptojf'essional
botanist. I withdraw my amendment 'to the
amendment.
