1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
gineer corps, chaplains, and professors of mathe-
matics, and also constructors, who shall have served
faithfully for forty-five years, shall, when retired,
have the relative rank of commodore; and officers
of these several corps, who have been or shali be
retired at the age of sixty-two years, before having
frervecl for forty-five years, but who shall have served
faithfully until retired, on the completion of forty
years from their entry into theservice, shall also from
that time have the relative rank of: commodore; and
staff officers who have been, or shall be, retired for
causes incident to the service before arriving at sixty-
two years of age, shall have the same rank on the
retired list as pertained to their position on the ac-
tive list: Provided, however. That nothing contained
in this section shall be construed to increase the pay
now provided for said several staff officers.
8kg. —. Thar the chief-* of the Bureaus of Medicine
and Surgeiy. Provisions and Clothing. isteam Engin-
etnng.and Construction and Repair, shall have the
relative rank of commodore while holding said posi-
tion, (or if heretofore or hereafter retired therefrom
by reason of age or length of service,) and shall have,
respectively, the title of Surgeon Genera!, Pay-
master General, and Engineer-in-Chief, and Chief
Constructor: Provided, That when the office of ehief
of buieau is filled by a line officer below the rank
of commodore said officer shall have the relative
rank of commodore during the time he holds said
ofliee: A ndprovided further. That the pay of chiefs of
buieausm the Navy Department shall be the high-
est. pay of the grade to which they belong, but not
below that of commodore; and officers ot the staff
now on the retired list shall have the rank thereon
to which they would have been entitled had they
remained on the active list unless they shall be
entitled to higher rank; that commanding officers
of vessels of war and of naval stations shall take
precedence over all officers placed under their com-
mand; and the Secretary ot the Navy may, in his
discretion, detail a line officer to act as the aid or
executive of the commanding officer of a vessel of
war or naval station, which officer shall, when not
impracticable, bo next in rank to said commanding
officer, and who as such aid or executive, while exe-
cuting the orders of the commanding officer on board
such vessel or at such station, take precedence over
all officers attached to such vessel orstation; and all
orders ot such aid or executive shall be regarded as
proceeding from the commanding officer. And such
aid or executive shall have no independent, author-
ity in consequence of such detail. And staff officers
senior to the officers so detailed shall have the right
to communicate directly with the commanding offi-
cer, and in processions on shore, court-martial, sum-
mary courts, courts of inquiry, boards of survey, and
all other boards, line and staff officers shall take pre-
cedence according to rank.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
And the Senate agree to the same.
C. C. WASHBURN.
A. F. STEVENS,
Managers on the part of the House.
W. SPRAGUE,
A. II. CRAGIN,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
When the report had been in part read,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. In order
to save the time of the House I will state that
what the Clerk has now commenced to read is
the bill passed by this House regulating the
staff of the Navy. It is almost identical in
terms with that bill. Unless gentlemen de-
sire it to be read, I ask that the further read-
ing of the report of the committee of confer-
ence be dispensed with.
There was no objection; and the further
reading wa3 accordingly dispensed with.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As re-
gards the other amendments, I may state that
there is an appropriation of $50,000 for the
payment of Seth Wilmarth for his invention of
raising turrets. It is the same appropriation
which was originally in the House bill, but
which was excluded on the point of order.
It is a very valuable invention. It is believed
to be indispensable to the Navy Department
for the use of the Navy, and I believe the
House committee was entirely unanimous in
recommending it. The amendment has been
put on by the Senate, and has been agreed to
by the committee of conference.
As regards the portion of the report relating
to naval rank, my friend from New Hampshire
[Mr. Stevexs] will make some explanations,
and I yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say, in regard
to that portion of the report regulating the
official relations of the several corps in the
Navy, that it is in most respects the bill which
passed this House some time since by a very
large majority.
Although the committee of conference were
not able to embody in terms that bill in this
report, yet I think I may safely say that very
much has been gained to the Navy, and very
much to the staff corps of the Navy, by the
provisions of this bill as amended. Substan-
tially there were but two points of difference
between the committees of the two Houses
upon this question. The first was in regard
to whether the staff corps of the Navy should
have actual rank, in conformity to the lawreg-
ulating the staff corps of the Army ; or whether
it should be an assimilated, imperfect, inchoate
rank, or a fixed, positive, actual rank; and I
think that it was the opinion of the committee
that had it in charge that this bill conferred
upon the staff of the Navy the same rank and
official position that are enjoyed by the staff
corps of the Army—at least the same corre-
sponding position. There was some sensitive-
ness in regard to terms, and in that particular
concession became necessary. I wish to say,
Mr. Speaker, that while the term u relative" is
used in conferring position and rank upon the
staff corps, my belief is that a fair and* liberal
interpretation of the language of the bill by the
Navy Department, and those charged with its
execution, will place the staff corps of the Navy
in the same position in relation to that organiza-
tion that is conferred upon the staff corps of the
Army. That was the purpose of this bill as it
orginally passed the House, and a just inter-
pretation will accomplish it. There was an-
other difference of opinion between the com-
mittees, and that was as to the position and
precedence of the " executive officer." Upon
that we have compromised, modifying the law
and regulations upon that subject, and giving
authority to the Secretary of the Navy to detail
an officer to act as the aid or executive of the
captain or commandant, and restricting his
power and functions. I have made these state-
ments because they are matters of great inter-
est in the Navy, and I desired this explanation
to go out with the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
for a vote upon agreeing to the report.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
central pacific railroad.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the House will be
kind enough to allow our friend from Massa-
chusetts to pass the Central Pacific railroad
bill. There is a large majority in favor of it,
and a large majority of the House has already
voted for it, and I hope they will pass it.
new orleans, etc., railroad.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a report from a committee of
conference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 878)
to amend an act entitled 4'An act to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company, as
hereafter constiueted, a post road, and for other
purposes," approved March 2,1868, have met, and
after full and free conference have felt unable to
agree.
0. D. CONGER.
L. A. SHELDON,
J. H. SYTHER.
Managers on the part of the House.
GEORGE E. SPENCER,
JOSEPH A. FOWLER,
A. McDONALD,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the report be
accepted, and that the committee be discharged.
Mr. SYPHER. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House recede from its amend-
ments, so as to pass the Senate bill, and I send
to the Chair and ask to have read a report of
General Humphreys.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Michigan yield for that purpose?
Mr. CONGER. No, sir; I ask that the
committee be discharged.
Mr. SYPHER. I move that the House
recede from its amendment, and agree to pass
the bill as it came from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
receiving the report of the committee of con-
ference and discharging that committee from
any further consideration of this subject.
Mr. FiNKELNBURG. What will be the
effect of that7
The SPEAKER. If agreed to it will leave
the matter undisposed of between the two
Houses.
Mr. PINKELNBURG. Can another com-
mittee of conference then be ordered if this
committee be discharged?
The SPEAKER. The natural proceeding
would be to order another conference com-
mittee.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then there can be
another conference ?
The SPEAKER. There can be.
The report of the committee of conference
was then agreed to.
Mr. SYPHER. I move that the House
recede from its amendment and agree to the
passage of the Senate bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I hope not; the
bill is all wrong.
Mr. SYPtiER. It is recommended in tho
report of General Humphreys, in a memo-
rial from the Chambers of Commerce of New
Orleans and Mobile, and by all shipping inter-
ests that pass through that channel.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. That is not so.
Mr. FOX. Can we not have the bill read?
I call for the reading of the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to say
one word on this subject. This matter was ex-
amined very fully by the Committee on Com-
merce of this House. I think there should bo
another committee of conference appointed.
The SPEAKER. The parliamentary pro-
cess is always to give precedence to that
motion which will the most speedily bring the
two Houses to a unity of action. Of course,
receding from the amendment of the House
does that. If the House shall refuse to do
that, the Chair will then entertain the motion
for another committee of conference.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point ot order.
Mr. CONGER. My point of order is that
this bill is not now before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
brought it before the House.
Mr. CONGER. I brought in a report of the
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire,
what was that report based upon?
Mr. CONGER. The committee of confer-
ence was appointed upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to make a report from a committee ot
conference without also presenting the papers
upon which that report is based. The gentle-
man did present those papers, and was more
nearly in conformity with the rules than he
himself thought.
Mr. CONGER. That is so.
Mr. FOX. If the bill is before the House,
I suppose it is in order to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
all rules and recede from the amendment ot
the House.
Mr. BUCK. My constituents have nevi-r
asked me to do anything in regard to thin
matter. They never have complained to ni^
about this budge; and I hope this bill will
not pass.
The question was taken on suspending the
