1871.
fHE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
1311
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that I
do not conceive it the duty of a clerk employed
in a Department to conceal anything with re-
gard to claims. I think he is obliged to act
upon the same principles as he would if he
were a clerk in the employment of a merchant.
He oujfht to give due credit to the person who
presents the claim, and he ought not to con-
ceal anything for or against the Government.
He should decide upon such claims fairly and
equitably as between man and man, as a mer-
chant would between his creditor and his
debtor. If an honest employ6 of the Govern-
ment acts according to these principles, I see
no necessity for such a law as this. Therefore
I shall vote against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS called forthe yeas and nays,
and'they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont ha3 demanded the yeas and nays, and
therefore .he imposes upon me the necessity
of saying, in as few words as I can, what my
idea is about this matter. I cannot vote for
this amendment, although I am as anxious as
the Senator from Vermont is to correct the
evil at which it is aimed. I will assign one
reason for my inability to vote for it.
I do not agree with the Senator from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Corbett,] for example, in the
broad language in which he states it, that it
is the business of an employ^ of the Govern-
ment to disclose all he knows about claims
pending in the Departments. I would not
even agree that it is not at times his duty to
withhold information of facts within the pos-
session of the Department. But this is my
trouble, among others: these men are citi-
zens ; they are not officers ; you are not deal-
ing with them in that artificial character. It
is not the court striking from the roll some
apostate attorney or counsel who has betrayed
his client. These men stand in their own
right ns citizens. Now, what does this amend-
ment propose? Some man has a claim which
is a meritorious claim. I have a right to
take that case to illustrate the question. It
i3 honest for him to prosecute it. The law
encourages him for being diligent in its prose-
cution. Old Mr. Skinner, for example, who
was long in the Post Office Department, is
applied to by this, man who is, if you please, a
contractor for carrying the mails. He says,
"Mr. Skinner, before what officer must I pre-
sent this?" "Well, you must go not to the
Postmaster General, but to the Second Assist-
ant Postmaster General." "How must I pre-
sent it?" "You must do it in this form : you
must put it on paper, and you must have it in
such and such wise, to conform to the rules
of the Department." Thereupon Mr. Skinner
becomes a chirographer or scribe, or, in the
language of the amendment, "an agent,"
which is a very broad term, to make up this
account and state it; and straightway it turns
out that he has committed a misdemeanor
for which he may be incarcerated for a year;
upon what principle of law, I beg to inquire?
If I go to the Senator for Vermont and talk
to him about burning the house of the Senator
behind him, and he does burn it, I can be pun-
ished as an accessory before the fact, the rea-
son being that the act he did is a felony and I
am privy to it. If he does not burn the house
I may be punished, perhaps, for inciting him
to the act. But shall it be said that if I go in
no official character, as a private person, and
hold discourse with my honorable friend from
Vermont about a thing perfectly lawful and
right in me, although he commits no crime in
regard to it, although carrying on and con-
summating the business is meritorious in him,
I may be imprisoned a year because I have
held discourse with him in regard to it, be-
cause I have bccomc his agent to put down
in form on paper or to suggest it to him, so
that be may put down in form on paper the
preparation necessary for the prosecution of his
claim?
Mr. President, I agree with the Senator from
Wisconsin that very likely you have the power
to say that hereafter every man who accepts
employment from the Government takes it
cum onere, he takes it wedded to the fact that
he is disqualified for three years from doing
thus and so. But when you come to saying to
the citizens of this country who have been the
employes of the Government that they shall
be punishable, subject to penalties, guilty of a
misdemeanor or a felony, for doing a thing
right in itself, although it does not exceed the
case which I have supposed, I cannot vote for
a law which affirms that, although I would
be very glad to vote for something which will
cut up, root and branch, what I conceive to be
a wrong and an ill-practice of men availing
themselves of knowledge which they have
obtained officially to promote claims which
might not otherwise be promoted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course we are all very
glad to vote for measures that are not before
us; the dim, shadowy future furnishes a field
for us all to be patriotic and all to be in favor
of legislation that will cut up, root and branch,
all manner of abuses; but when it comes to
the concrete of doing something now, we all
of us have infinite difficulties.
Now, I suggest to my friend from New York,
in all sincerity and seriousness, that if he is
troubled with the position of having this clause
operate ex post facto, let him move to amend
the proposition instead of killing it altogether.
That can be very easily done ; a single word
will do it. I have not, however, the difficulty
which he has and which I know he states with
entire sincerity, and for this reason: it is com-
petent for the Government, looking over the
whole of the persons who have been employed
in its service and who have been its agents and
confidential employes, to take human nature
as it is; and while there may be cases like that
which my friend has stated, whereby this gen-
eral law you exclude a perfectly worthy person,
there are a great many other cases in which
you exclude persons who would not do as my
friend's friend would do. Suppose he were a
different person and somebody had come to
him and said: "I wish to employ yon to tell
me by what contrivance I can get a claim that
is now justly blocked up in that Department
through; how can I overcome the difficulty
which really prevents my getting a claim that
I ought not to get?" This gentleman, who is
familiar with all the ropes there, can show him
how to "whip the devil round the stump," as
the common phrase is.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me make a sugges-
tion to my friend. He says he has studied this
question and I believe it. He is more acute
about it than I profess to be. I beg to ask
his attention to this point: why can we not so
legislate as to punish in such a case as he is
now supposing the act, no matter whether
done by a man who acquires his knowledge in
one way or another? If papers are foisted
in, if forgeries are committed, if evidence is
suppressed, if any of the things devions and
wrong which he is supposing, are done, why
not punish them as acts in themselves, with-
out reference to the fact whether the man who
does them is able by his superior cunning or
endowments to do them, or whether he has
acquired in some particular way the knowledge
which enables him to do them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to that is
easy, and my friend's knowledge of human
nature and of the human mind will convince
him of the propriety of the answer in a
moment, I take it. The answer is this: when
you undertake to set out in that species of
legislation you have to go to a jury to ascer-
tain what the motive of the man was with
which he attempted to do a particular act.
If a man has attempted to do a wrong act, but
an act which itself is not forbidden bj low,
and he accomplishes it, he has committed no
crime, and he cannot be punished. The, only
way, therefore, as a matter of policy and
security, is to act upon the subject and exclude
good men and bad men altogether from being
engaged in that particular class of claims
against the Government.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to prolong
this debate. I only wish to have the Senate
understand that the point is not in preventing
one good man from prosecuting one good
claim, but inasmuch as we cannot select the
good claims from the had ones, or the good
men from the bad ones, we must make a
sweeping provision, which is inconvenient to
some good men in some instances in doing
business which otherwise they might have
done, but which after all they acquired the
capacity to do when they were employed and
paid by the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. Before the vote is taken I
will say that on this question I have paired
with the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthony.] He would have voted on one
side, and I on the other. [Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 30; as follows:
TEAS — Messrs. Ames. Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Cragin, Edraimds, Morrill of Vermont, Iiiee,
Spencer, Trumbull, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman,Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Conkhng, Corbett, Davis, Fenton? Flanagan,
Fowler. Hamilton of Maryland. Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Kellogg, McDonald, Kye, 03born, Pool, Ross,
Saulsbury, Scott, Sprague, Stearns, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, and Willey—30.
AUSiiNT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Blair,
Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell, Ferry, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell,
Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rev-
els, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Sum-
ner, TfturuKi.il, Warner, Williams, and Yates—'62.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT." The question
now recurs on the third section proposed by
the Committee on Finance, which was regarded
as pending, and will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enactcd, That where a greater
sum shall be appropriated for the compensation of
any officer or clerk than the pay or salary of such
oHeer as fixed by law, such appropriation shall not
bo construed to increase such pay or salary unless
the act making such appropriation specifically in-
creases such pay or salary, and no greater sum shall
be paid than the pay or salary fixed by law.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to under-
stand what that means.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not to increase sal-
aries by appropriations. There cannot be any
objection to that provision. It simply pro-
vides that where by any inadvertence a larger
sum is appropriated for salaries of clerks than
it takes to pay them they shall only have the
salary established by law.
Mr. SPRAGUB. This does not come from
the committee. It comes from its individual
member, as I understand, the Senator from
Ohio; and therefore I submit it is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood that the three sections presented by the
Senatorfrom Ohio were proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance as an amendment to the
section reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations. The first and second sections of
the amendment of the Committee on Finance
were disposed of, and the third section was
reserved until after action was taken on the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. . -
Mr. STEWART. I beg leave to state a diffi-
culty that has been mentioned to me in regard to
the particular point now involved. There are
salaries which are intended to be increased by
increasing the appropriation. Perhaps the
case of the Chief Clerk of the Senate will fur-
nish an illustration. There is so much appro-
priated for him, and the intention was to
increase his salary to that amount.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Then let us say so,
