1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to struggle
further with my friend, in reference to this
matter, bat will merely add one word to what
I have already stated. If we increase the sal-
ary of this officer we shall have to increase the
salary of every other $1,400 clerk of that
Department. If we increase tiiis salary, every
other good and efficient $1,400 clerk will come
up here and demand an increase of their sal-
aries for the same reason, that he has a family
and cannot support it on his present salary.
1 know a member of Congress, Mr. Chair-
man, who refuses to recommend any one to a
cletksllip unless lie promises to put in the sav-
ings bank every year twenty per cent, of his
salary, and every clerk recommended by that
member has put in the savings-bank twenty per
cent, of his salary ever since he has been here.
If any one fads to do that he is dismissed.
Those clerks get along as well as the others,
and all of these clerks ean do it if they have a
mind to. These clerks do it because they know
the retention of their position depends upon
it, for the memher to whom I have referred
looks over the account in the savings-bank,
and when they fail to put away twenty percent,
of their salary then he recommends some other
one to their clerkship.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio.. We are not talking
about clerks; we are talking about a botanist,
a professional gentleman employed there, who
acts in the capacity of a botanist. All I ask
is that his salary shall be raised from $1,4Q0
to $1,800 a year. No one will say that is too
much for this professional botanist, and I trust
the amendment I have offered will be adopted.
The co.nraittee divided; and there were—
ayes 05. noes 29; no quorum votiug.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kbl&sx, and Mr.
Wilson of Ohio.
Mr. DAWES. I do not insist on any fur-
ther division.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation ot'CommiasLonerof Agriculture,
$3,000; chief clerk, S2,00l); entomologist, $2,000; chem-
ist, $2,000; assistant chemist, $1,600; superintendent
of exoeriuientat giivdens and grounds, $2,000; statis-
tician, $2,000; disbursing clerk. $1,800; superintend-
ent ot seed-room, SI,Slid; librarian $1,800; botan-
ist, $1,409; three clerks of class four, four clerks of
clnts three, six olerks of class two, seven clerks of
class one; engineer, $1,400; superintendent ot ioId-
tag-room, if1,200: assistant superintendent ofgarden
luidfft-ouiids, $1,200; assistant supei intendentofseed-
roonx, $l,2u0; three copyists. at$900each ;two attend-
ants in umseuin, at $3,000 e^ch; chief messenger,
two assistant messengers, at $720 each; one
Ciiruonter, at three watchmen, at $720 each;
and eight laborers, at §720 each; making, in all,
$70,870.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to go back
to that paragraph, in order to move iu line nine
hundred and fifty-one to strike out "three"
and insert '■ four."
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent, and 1 hope the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will not object, for
two minutes in which to explain this matter.
Mr. DAWES. I insist on the point of order,
but do not object to the gentleman being heard
for two minutes.
Mr. WiLSO-N, of Ohio. I am. informed by
the Commissioner of Agriculture, and I have
no doabt that he states, what is strictly true,
that the correspondence and the business of
the Agricultural Department are increasing so
rapidly that it is impossible for him to dis-
charge the duties pertaining to that Depart-
ment without one clerk more of class three
and one clerk more of class four. He wants two
additional intelligent aud competent clerks.
His correspondence is all the time increasing.
He is now very much behind, and will get
still further behind unless we give him these
two additional clerks. The hill proposes to
give him no more than he got last year. He
has worked and struggled on and done the
best he could, but he felt sure that in view of
the fact that the business was all the time being.
extended the House would allow him a little
more help. I trust this will be done.
Mr. CULLOM. Let me suggest to the gen-
tle.nan from Ohio [Mr. Wilsoh] that he may
offer his amendment at some other place, where
he will have a right, to do it under the rule.
Mr. DAWES. I will make a proposition
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wilson.] I
do not wish to impair the efficiency of the
force in the Department of Agriculture any
more than that gentleman; but 1 am told that
wo may as well dispense with the superintend-
ent of the seed-rooua as not. I am told that
all the duties of that office are discharged by
other officers. If the gentleman will dispense
with that officer I will consent to what he pro-
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. And, on my part,
I desire to make the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts a proposition which I am sure he will
accede to. I ask the gentleman to give us one
additional clerk of class three, one additional
clerk of class four, and $5,000 for the contin-
gent fund.
Mr. DAWES. And the $1,800?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I must insist on my point of
order unless the gentleman will permit me to
strike out the superintendent of the seed-room,
whose duties, I am informed, are entirely dis-
charged by subordinates.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The gentleman is
entirely misinformed as to that.
The CHAIRMAN. There is nothing before
the committee. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts insists on his point of order the
Clerk must proceed with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have not
heard the paragraph commencing with line
nine hundred and sixty-sis. Has it been read?
The CHAIRMAN. It was read immediately
after the preceding paragraph. Then the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wilson,] upon the
statement that he had risen to offer an amend-
ment, was allowed to go back to that para-
graph.
Mr. MAYHAM. Is it in order to move, now
an amendment to the paragraph I have men-
tioned?
The CHAIRMAN. It is. too late, if the
point of order is insisted upon.
Mr. MAYHAM. If I am in order, I move
to strike out the paragraph commencing with
line nine hundred and sixty-six, as follows;
For collecting statistics and compiling and writing
matter for monthly, annual, and special reports,
$15,000.
I move this, Mr. Chairman, not for the pur-
pose of crippling or in any way embarrassing
the Agricultural Department of this Govern-
ment. If this appropriation is necessary I
would be the last one to raise my voice against
it. But it appears to me that the appropria-
tion of $15,000 in this way, at least so far as
appears upon the surface, is a loose way of
appropriating money. If it be necessary to
employ an additional clerical force for the pur-
pose of gathering the materials 
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I must beallowed
to raise the same point of order which was
raised against tnyself. We have passed that
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Mayham] moved his amend-
ment without objection being made, and the
discussion has been going on for two or three
minutes. In the judgment of the^Chair the
point of order is raised too late. The gentle-
man from New York rose in his place and
asked permission to go back to this paragraph.
The Chair informed him that if any point of
order was raised- h© eould not do so. Bat no
point of order was raised.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The gentleman has
been permitted to makehisremarka merely as
a matter of couitesy.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Now York [Mr, Mayuam] offered an amend-
ment to the paragraph liegiramngwith line nine
hundred and sixty-six, stating at the sanre time
that he had been-watching for the reading of
that paragraph but had not be&rd it. The Chair
informed him that he was too late if any gentle-
man raised the point of order. The gentleman
from Ne\v York waited a moment, no mem-
ber of the committee objected, and the Chair
entertained the amendment. The discussion
having now proceeded for some time, it is too
late to raise the point of order.
Mr. MAYHAM. The proposition I make
is that this appropriation seems to be unneces-
sary. If the clerical force of the Agricultural
Department is inadequate, then that force
should be increased by the appointment of
more clerks. It seems to me this 13 simply an
appropriation of so much money to the Com-
missioner of Agriculture for the purpose of
enabling him to spend the money in any way he
chooses as long as he spends it in obtaining
statistical information.
I am not aware, nor do I believe the mem-
bers of the House generally are aware, that
any money is paid to the parties who commun-
icate to the Agricultural Department the im-
portant information whieh is published through-
that Department; and if there is no, expense
in that direction, then it seems to me-that this
$15,000 is improperly applied, and would be
much better employed in procuring seeds for
circulation, or in some other way for the ben-
efit of the agricultural interests of the country.
I shall therefore be compelled to insist on a
vote on my proposition to strike out this item,
unless it shall appear from the statement of
some member of the Committee on-Agricul-
ture that this money is expended properly in
the acquisition of necessary information for
the Department.
Mr. CREBS. I trust that the motion, of ray-
friend from New York [Mr. Mayh.mi} will not
prevail. I am free to say that if this: House
has not sufficient confidence in the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture to intrust to his hands
the sum of $15,000 for the purpose herein
indicated, it is the duty of this House to abolish
the whole Department. This item is for the
purpose of collecting statistics. The gentle-
man from New York says that the Commis-
sioner can employ clerks for this purpose. He-
cannot do that. We cannot employ a clerical
force here and send the clerks over the country
to obtain this information.
Mr. MAYHAM. Can the gentleman point
to a single instance in which the information
communicated to the Department of Agricul-
ture bas been paid for by the Government
Mr. CREBS. I caunot pointto a single in-
stance ; I can only state generally that informa-
tion has to bo paid for by the Commissioner
of Agriculture. I have not inmy-mind a.t this
moment a particular case where money has
been paid by him in order to obtain the in-
formation. But the course pursued'by the Com-
missioner of Agriculture makes it necessary
that he shall pay persons in different portions
of our own country, and in foreign countries,
to communicate information to him and write
articles on the subject of agriculture. It is
necessary that he should have the discretion
in his hands to employ men to communicate to
him upon the various questions of agriculture.
I trust, therefore, that this paragraph will not
be stricken out, because, as I said in opening
my remarks, if we cannot trust the- Commis-
sioner of Agriculture with the small sum of
§15,000 to accomplish the great ends which I
think can be accomplished in that way, we had
better abolish the Department of Agriculture
entirely and trust nothing to him at all. _
Mr. 8WANN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say but one word upon this subjeet. When this
matter was up at the last* sessioa of Congress
I took occasion to give to this House the
impression which had- been-made^ upon me by
the great ability with which the Agricultural
Depnrfcm&nt is conducted by the present Oom-
missioaer. I happto tor kaow thafc gentleman.
