1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. STEWART. The section as it stands
might cut off some cases where the salaries
are intended to be increased by increasing the
appropriation, on account of inapt language
employed in the attempt to raise the salaries.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think my friend from
Nevada ought not to object to this amend-
ment. This does not touch the claim agents
at all. It merely provides that when we hap-
pen to appropriate a larger sum than is called
for to pay the salary of an officer he shall not
be entitled to it merely because we have appro-
priated it, but shall be entitled to the salary
the law gives him.
Mr. STEWART. I am not sufficiently ac-
quainted with the claim agents, not having had
relations with them, so that I am not able to
know when a thing touches them and when
not. I have heard the Senator from Vermont
frequently speaking for claim agents. I am
not their organ in this body.
Mr. COLE. If I am in time in doing so, I
shall have to object to this amendment if it
leads to discussion, as I think it will. I be-
lieve it had better go over, and it can be moved
in the Senate, if there should be any disposi-
tion to move it when we get the bill that far.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this amend-
ment comes from the Committee on Finance
and has not been submitted to the Committee
on Appropriations for one day, it is not in
order. The present occupant was not in the
chair at the time it was presented.
Mr. COLE. I cannot tell whether it was
submitted in time or not.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It was not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
garded as withdrawn. It can be offered
to-morrow from the Committee on Finance,
and this will be regarded as the notice of one
day to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. I wish to make one or two
amendments that are necessary by reason
of the amendment in regard to the judges'
salaries; first on page 10, under the head of
'• Court of Claims."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was re-
Wrved to await the action on the section in
relation to the salaries of the judges.
Mr. COLE. I move to insert " $43,340" in-
stead of "§37,840," in lines two hundred and
ninety-five and two hundred and ninety-six.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 53, at the bottom, in
the appropriations for the Supreme Court, I
move that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments proposed by the committee in that par-
agraph, inasmuch as the action upon the sec-
ond * section will render such disagreement
necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done,
and the amount for the supreme judges will
remain as sent from the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. COLE. Then, in the next paragraph I
wish to change " 67 " to " 54," and strike out
"500;" soastoread, "for nine circuit judges,
to reside in circuit, §54,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is "for nine
circuit judges,'' line twelve hundred and ninety-
eight?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; the amount should
be $54,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Now, in line thirteen hundred
and twelve, in order to make that item conform
to the section in regard to the salaries, I move
to strike out "30" and insert " 28 so as to
read:
For salaries of the chief justice of the supremo
court of the District; of Columbia and the four asso-
ciate judges, $2S,£>lX).
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be re-
garded as agreed to, being governed by the
second section. The amendments of the com-
mittee in the previous paragraph in relation
to the salaries of district judges will be re-
garded as disagreed to, as they have not been
changed.
Mr. COLE. One word further. On page 2
of the bill the words in italics in the twenty-
fourth and twenty-fifth lines should be stricken
out; that was one of the reserved amendments.
The words are " two clerks, at $1,600 each."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those words will
be regarded as stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer an amendment,
of which notice has been given, to insert on
the fifty-sixth page of the bill, at the end of
the first section, the following as an additional
section :
And be it further enacted. That the privileges of the
act entitled " An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14. 1S70, be, and
they are hereby, extended to the port of Detroit,
in the State of Michigan.
I will state that Detroit was placed in that
bill, but was left out by a clerical error.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Michigan was opposed to that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was opposed to the
bill, but I was in favor of putting Detroit in
if it was to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator
did not' want it for Detroit.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wanted it for Detroit
if they got it anywhere, and Detroit was put
in, and this amendment is simply to correct a
clerical error.
Mr. COLE. I think it can hardly find a
proper place in this bill. This is a prospective
bill making appropriations for 1872. I sug-
gest to the Senator that be had better put it
on some other bill if it is really necessary. I
do not think the attention of the Committee
on Appropriations has been called to the
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I called the Senator's
own attention to it, and referred i t to him in
writing, and I served written notice on the Sen-
ator of my intention to offer the amendment.
Mr. COLE. The committee have not had
it before them.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was sent there nearly
a week ago.
Mr. COLE. Was it printed?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir._
Mr. COLE. I have not seen it in print.
Mr. CHANDLER. And I called the atten-
tion of the Senator to it personally.
Mr. COLE. I remember the Senator call-
ing my attention to some paper.
Mr. CHANDLER. There will b6 no objec-
tion to the amendment, I presume.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the Senator
from Michigan from the Committee on Com-
meree.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like, with the con-
sent of the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, to further amend the amendment by
inserting Duluth. That would reconcile my
friend from Illinois to it. I was in favor of
that bill originally, while the Senator from
Michigan was opposed to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. Has the Sena-
tor from Minnesota given notice of this amend-
ment to the Committee on Appropriations ?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota has not given notice of his
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But lie is entitled to offer
it. It does not increase the appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not in order to
amend an amendment without notice?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I think the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota is in
order. We all know that Duluth is an import-
ant place. The isothermal linesall meetthere.
{Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota insist on the amendment
to the amendment?
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume the Senator from
Michigan will have no objection to it. If he
objects to it I shall not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know whether it involves an increased
expenditure or not, as he dies not remember
the entire text of that bill in regard to ports
of entry. The question is on the amerSSment
of the Senator from Michigan.
The question being put, it was decared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for a division.
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to say.
There has been a great deal said this afternoon
about putting legislation upon an appropria-
tion bill, and I hope nobody will insist upon
doing so hereafter in the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is purely a finan-
cial matter connected with the revenue. The
amendment is merely to correct a clerical error.
Mr. COLE. It is not connected with this
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no sort of
objection to it. It is done every day of the
year.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa has suggested an executive session for
the purpose of referring nominations. Will
the Senator from Delaware yield for that pur-
pose?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I yield for that pur-
pose, and no other.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I make the motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware yields to the Senator from
Iowa only for the purpose of an executive
session, and the Senator from Iowa now makes
that motion.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from
Iowa withdraw that motion for a moment to
allow me to introduce an amendment in order
to have it printed ?
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to do so if the
honorable Senator from Delaware will yield.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I decline to yield for
any other purpose whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Before the doors are closed
I desire to offer an amendment to the pending
bill, and I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to give notice of my
intention to offer an amendment on page ^8 of
the bill, relating to the Mint at Philadelphia,
to increase the appropriation of 825.OjO to
§35,000; and I move that the amendment he
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to-
EXECUTIVE session.
The Senate then proceeded to the consider-
ation of executive business; and af;er twelve
minutes spent in executive session, the doois
were reopened, and (at five o'clock and liny
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February lt>, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. (j. BrTi.ru. D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DULY hour op SIKKTOCO, XTC.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I offer the following
resolution ;
That the House, on and after to-mnrrow
till otherwise oidered, will meet at eleven .1. m. ; ;id
adjourn at ilvo p. m. daily.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxakd] that
