486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
He was at one time a resident of the State
of Maryland; and the impression that he left
•when he joined the Army gave him a standing
and position in that State which has enabled
me to express at all timea the favorable opin-
ion that I have always entertained of him.
Now, here is a report coming from the Com-
mitted on Appropriations, in whom I have en-
tire confidence, recommending this item. We
must have faith, Mr. Chairman, that these
appropriations have been made upon a full
examination of this whole subject. VVe know
thattbis agricultural report is one of the most
important to the country of all the reports that
are made by these Departments. There is not
u,ns that has taken a stronger hold upon the
people of this country than the agricultural
report coming from this Department. Now, as
I understand it, unless you concede this appro-
priation, it is utterly impossible that that officer
can make up the report, as it has been made
up heretofore, with all the statistics and with all
the information that we require to go forth to
the country upon this subject. I am therefore
quite, surprised that my honorable friend from
New York [Mr. Mayijam] has objected to this
particular item. I consider it essential to this
report. I do not think that this officer can
knowingly make such a report to the country
as we expect upon this subject of agriculture
unless you concede to him this appropriation.
But I have confidence in the man. 1 differ with
the Commissioner, perhaps, in politics; but
this is not a party question. It is a question
in which the whole agricultural community of
this country is more or less interested ; and I
do hope that no amendment will be made to
this bill which will limit the power and the
capacity of that gentleman to present to us
such a report as he has heretofore presented,
which has received the approbation of the
whole country, and which, I believe, has re-
dounded not only to the benefit of the coun-
try at large, but to the reputation of the gen-
tleman who has been placed in charge of that
bureau.
I will state that during his residence in the
State of Maryland the attention of this officer
was particularly directed to the subject of agri-
culture. He made experiments which have
redonnded to the benefit of that State. And
it affords me pleasure to say here that no man
could be placed in that high position, that
most important position, that position which
has enabled him to do this great service to his
country, who would have given more entire
satisfaction in the discharge of the important
duties that have been assigned to him.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. MAYHAM. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For purchase and distribution of new and valuable
seeds, $25,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to increase the
amount named in the clause just read from
$25,000 to $40,000. My experience is that
the money which we invest for this item is
practically more valuable to the people of this
country than any other equal sum which we
appropriate. When I first came to Congress
my recollection w that we appropriated an-
nually some $60,000. And it is only within
a comparatively recent period that wc have
reduced the appropriation to so Iowa sum as
is now mentioned in our appropriation bills.
The introduction of new and valuable seeds—
wheat, corn, grass, oats, clover, &e.—through
the Agricultural Department has been of im-
mense benefit.
Now, I ask gentlemen to make a slight cal-
culation of the extent to which this $25,000
is to be distributed, and they will see how small
will be the amount that can be given to each
locality. Consider, if you please, the number
of counties in all the States; and then the
number of towns in those States where coun-
ties are divided into towns, and the number
of districts in those States where counties are
divided into districts, and you will then see
that there will be scarcely any person in any
one of these subdivisions who would receive
an amount of these seeds sufficiently large to
enable him to try a fair experiment. The
quantity distributed in each individual case
would be so small as hardly to furnish an
opportunity, except by the most careful and
painful nursing, to enable the experimenter to
obtain a fair result from his experiment.
Now, I submit that in this matter of the
seeds which we distribute to our agricultural
friends there is that which withholdeth more
than is meet and yet tendeth to poverty. The
seed is the germ of the crop. It is strange
that our economy is so apt to show itself pre-
cisely at the point where the money is to be
disseminated, and where it will be felt more
immediately and directly by the people.
I see my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] ready
to rise in his place. Let me say to him that
if his people are agricultural—-I have never
been inside liis district except barely to pass
through it—if he has an agricultural constit-
uency, then he knows that what I sav is true.
If, on the other hand, his constituency are not
agricultural; if he represents a portion of coun-
try so barren and sterile that the genial warmth
of summer does not generate a good crop, then
I submit that he is not competent to express
an opinion on this subject.
Mr. DAWES. Let us now have a vote.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I rise to second the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. DAWES. My point of order is this:
the amendment having been supported by a
speech of live minutes, no speech is now in
order except in opposition to the ameudment.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Well, I will oppose
the amendment pro forma.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman willpro-
cecd.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I favor the adoption
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] increasing the sum for
the purchase and distribution of new seeds
from $25,000 to $40,000. It is well known,
Mr. Chairman, that most of our cereals and
fruits are not indigenous on this continent, and
are brought from other climates, and it is an
established fact that seeds and fruit which come
from a different climate and soil will in the
course of years change in character and gen-
erally deteriorate. Such an effect has been
witnessed in this country within the last fifty
years, for to-day the average yield of wheat in
the United States, upon old land and new, is
only thirteen bushels to the acre, and upon
what is called old land it is only from eight
to ten on the average. Slovenly tillage is not
sufficient to singly account for that lament-
able fact, and we must find a principal cause in
the deterioration of the seed. So it has been
with oats and many of our fruits, so that our
farmers are becoming thoroughly alive to the
necessity of obtaining fresh varieties of fruits
and grain, and when possible they are anxious
to obtain them from the countries where they
arc indigenous.
I have seen the effect of such a course in
my own district, where the white Touzelle and
red-bearded Saissette have produced the best
results, yielding over thirty-five bushels to the
acre, double the average yield of old seeds,
which is not more than sixteen bushels to the
acre. And the Excelsior and white Showen
oats, distributed by the Department, have pro-
duced from sixty to ninety bushels to the acre,
weighing forty-five pounds per bushel, instead
of oats weighing from twenty to twenty-five
pounds to the bushel and forty bushels to the
acre, which is a fair average yield with old
seed in mv district. Such results as this, if
obtained over the whole country, would more
than double the values created by agricultural
industry. For let it be remembered that the
values created by agriculture are three times
greater than the values created by the lead-
ing industries of the country—threefold those
created by cotton and woolen and leather
manufactures, by iron production, by railway
service, and fisheries, all combined—anil
amount to 53,282,000.000. Therefore, if we
could increase the yield and quantity and
quality of wheat and oats throughout the whole
country, as it has been done by the seeds of
the Agricultural Department in localities, we
might nearly equal annually the national debt,
and if we could only add ten per cent, to the
quality and quantity of our agricultural pro-
ducts it might equal the interest upon our
national debt.
But the Department is doing more ; it is in-
troducing and experimenting with plants from
all parts of the world, whether cereals, grasses,
fruits, or vegetables, and is seeking in differ-
ent ways to know and distribute among our
people whatever may be profitably and bene-
ficially produced. If the Greeks made of
Ceres, who first introduced wheat into Italy,
agoddess, and worshiped her for eenturies,we
surely should show some little appreciation of
a bureau whose unostentatious but vastly im-
portant duty it is to provide this continent
with all the valuable products of the globe. It
is introducing Esparto grass, found in Spain
and Algeria, a paper fiber, which consiitutes
two thirds of Great Britain's importation of
paper stock ; the jute plant, for bagging, which
grows successfully on the Gulf coast; the cin-
chona tree, from the bark of which the inval-
uable medicine of quinme is extracted ; the
ramie plant, which furnishes a fiber with the
luster of silk, the strength of flax, and the
cheapness of cotton ; hundreds of varieties of
Russian apples; and for the southern States
more especially I may mention thousands of
tea plants, sorghum, and new varieties of
sugar cane from Java and South America.
But I have said enough to show the immense
benefits to be derived from an intelligent ad-
ministration of this Department and a judi-
cious distribution of tested and well-selected
seeds. If he deserves well of his kind who
makes two blades of grass to grow where only
one grew before, how well may this Depart-
ment deserve of the American people ! It is
not much when I ask that this Department
which has charge of that great interest, which
is the substratum of all our other industries,
should receive, in all, the poor pittance of
$40,000 for the purchase and distribution of
new seeds, when this very bill appropriates
$600,000 for the administration only of the
War Department, without speaking of the tens
of millions to be expended upon the Army
and Navy, which do not create but destroy
the products of industry and created values.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
so as to make the amount of the appropriation
§50,000. I make this motion for the purpose
of saying that I have very carefully examined
the appropriations in this bill so far as they
relate to the Department of Agriculture; and
while it would, as I think, be very desirable to
have a larger sum than $25,000 for the pur-
chase and distribution of rare and valuable
seeds, I nevertheless feeHhat there is greater
need for an increase of the appropriations in
some of the other items. I desire to be re-
garded as a modest man, not only in my con-
j duct but in my demands. I desire to ask for
j nothing but that which is in my judgment
! absolutely indispensable to the prosperity of
: the Department of Agriculture.
I I know full well that the, botanist of this
Department should have a salary of $1,800.
I know equally well that the business ot the
Department cannot be properly conducted
without one additional clerk of class three and
one additional clerk of class four. I also know
that the Department cannot get along without
a larger Contingent fund than $2,000. Why,
