1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
rules; and there were—ayes thirty-eight, noes
not counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were six ayes ; not
one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers, and there were eleven ayes.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
And (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that a new com-
mittee of conference be requested of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion to suspend the rules made by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] to
whom the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] yielded.
Mr. ASPER. I object to the gentleman
from Ohio yielding any longer.
Mr. PA UN'S WORTH. I insist upon the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order now to move
that the House take a recess till ten o'clock
a. m. to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. Not while a motion to
suspend the rules is pending.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that all rules be sus-
pended, so that the House may pass Senate
bill No. 469, relating to the central branch of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. VAN WYCK. How many times does the
gentleman want the House to vote on that bill?
Mr. LOGAN. Ido not carehow many times;
until they pass the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now take a recess for one hour.
The motion was not agreed to; on a divis-
ion—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House take
a recess until ten o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a
statement in response to inquiries which have
been made to him privately by members. All
the appropriation bills have now passed both
branches with ihe exception of the sundry civil
bill. Should that bill not be received by the
House to-night it would perhaps be an impos-
sibility for it to pass this Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I want to state that the sun-
dry civil bill is expected here at twelve o'clock
to-night.
Mr._ RANDALL. Let us take a recess till
that time.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House take a recess till twelve o'clock to-
night.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Many gentlemen are
appealing that a recess be not taken, because
they have privileged motions or other import-
ant business to be attended to. Now, I have
no objection to the transaction of such busi-
ness, but I ask the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logax] to withdraw his1 proposition in
order that business may proceed. Why should
he insist upon pressing upon the House a bill
which has been over and over again voted
down?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
This bill has never been voted down. It failed
to get a two-thirds vote.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then it has been voted
down in that way. The record shows it has
been before this House at least half a dozen
times.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course it has; and I will
bring it before the House as often as may be
necessary to secure its passage.
The question being taken on the motion
of Mr. Farrnsworth, there were—ayes 44,
noes 79.
Mr. FARNSWORTH and Mr. HOLMAN
called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a point
of order. I submit that when a gentleman is
on the floor upon amotion to suspend the rales
it is not in order to make a motion to take a
recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. He was about to apologize to
the House for momentarily forgetting the rule,
which provides positively that pending a motion
to suspend the rules but one motion can be
entertained, and that is a motion to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I submit that
when a gentleman is on the floor upon a motion
to suspend the rules he cannot be taken
from it.
The SPEAKER. Except by a motion to
adjourn, and that motion can be made but
once during the pendency of the motion to sus-
pend the ruies.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is the last day of
the session ; and I inquire whether a motion
to adjourn is in order, because such a motion
is substantially a motion to adjourn sine die.
I think such a motion has never been enter-
tained on the last day of the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 141, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Biggs, Bird, James
Brooks, William T. Clark. Corker. Cox. Crebs. Dick-
inson, Dox, Ela, Eldridge, l'inkelnburg, Griswold,
Haight.Haldeman, Ilambleton, Hawkins, Hay, Hol-
man, Kerr, Manning, Marshall. MeNeely, Mungen,
Potter. Reeves, Sherrod, Stiles, Stone, Van Trump,
Van Wyek, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson. Winchester,
and Wood—37.
NAYS— Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer. Banks, Barry,
Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bethune, Bing-
ham. Blair. Boles, Booker, Bowen, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin If.
Batler, Roderick It. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Church-
ill, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Darrall, Dawes.
Wegener. Dockery, Farnsworth, Eerriss, Perry,
Fisher. Fox, Garfield, Grilfillan, Hale, Hanrill, Ham-
ilton, Harris, Hawlcy, Hays, Heflin,Holmes, Hoopor,
Hotchkiss, Jenckes," Johnson, Alexander II. Jones.
Ihomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelbey, Ketchatn, Lallin, Long, Maylram, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, MeKen-
ale, Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morey,
Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrisscy, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Halbert E. Paine, William W. Paine. Palm-
er, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Price, Prosser, Eainey, Randall, Sanford, Sar-
gent Sawyer Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sbeldon, Shober, Slocum, John
A.Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strader, Strick-
land, laffe. Tanner. Taylor, Tillman, 'i'ownsend,
TwicheH iyner, Upson. Van Horn, Wallace, Cad-
waiuuer C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker Wheeler, WiUard, Williams, JohirT. "Wilson,
Wolf, and Young—1-U.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell. Bailey, Barnum,
Beck, Benjamin, Boyd, Buckley, Burr, Cake, Cleve-
land, Conner. Cook. Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Nathan
F.pix°n. Donley, Duke, Duval. Dyer, Fitch, Getz,
Gibson, Hiii, Hoar, Hoge, lugersoll, Knapp, Knott,
Lash, Lawrence. Lewis. Logan. Loughridge, Lynch,
JVIclvee, Munes, Eliakim H. Moore, Negley New-
sham, Niblack, Peck, Perce, Rice, Rogers, Roots,
Joseph fe. Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Strong. Swann
Sweenev. Svpher, Trimble, Van Auken, Voorhees!
Ward, Whiteley, Whitrnore. Wilkinson, Winans.
Witeher, and Woodward—62.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. POLAND stated that Mr. Lynch was
absent from the House, being detained by sick-
ness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand that the bill be
now read.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Was not this bill re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, and reported ad
versely.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask for the vote on sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. JULIAN. _ This very bill was voted
down six times this session.
Mr. RANDALL. There is no reservation
in it at all.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
48, noes 58.
So (two thirds not havingvoted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended for the
purpose indicated.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message receiyed from the Senate, by Mr.
Stmfsox, one of its clerks, announced that
the Senate had agreed to the concurrent reso-
lution of the House for printing United States
Coast Survey reports.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to conference reports on
the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 995) for the relief of purchas-
ers of lands sold by direct taxes in the insur-
rectionary States ; and
•_ A bill (H. 11. No. 2524) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872.
CHATTANOOGA BRIDGE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces, as
the second committee of conference ordered
by the House on the Chattanooga bridge bill,
Mr. Starkweather, Mr. Holman, and Mr.
O'Neill.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 913) granting the right of
way to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Rail-
way Company for its road across the Oneida
reservation in the State of Wisconsin ; and
An act (S. No. 1271) to amend an act forthe
relief of Jearum Atkins, approved July 15,1870.
PAY OP GEORGIA MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine, a member of the Committee on the
Judiciary, states that he has a report to submit
from that committee in reference to the pay
of the members from Georgia. It is necessary
that it should be disposed of one way or the
other, as the Sergeant at-Arms does not know
how to pay them without the action of the
House.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following resolution:
. Resolved,, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and ho
is hereby, instructed to pay P. M. B. Young, sit-
ting member from Georgia, compensation for the
present Congress, deducting what has been hereto-
fore paid, and to pay the other sitting members
irom said State one year's pay and one travel.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman from
Maine whether one of the sitting members
from Georgia [Mr. Whiteley] was not a con-
testant for a seat in the Senate of the United
States. If I am correctly informed he has
already received a large sum of money from
the contingent fund of the Senate. I want a
proviso added to the resolution that he shall
not receive any pay as a sitting member of
this House for the time he has received pay as
a contestant in the Senate.
^ Mr. PLIERS. The question with the House
is whether we will pay those men twoyear's or
one year's salary, and the Judiciary Committee,
after a long, and I may say painful investiga-
tion, have come to the conclusion to allow
one year's pay and one travel. This has
nothing to do with Mr. Whitelby's contest
in the Senate.
