1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. RANDALL. No quorum voted. I
insist upon tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 96, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question was upon adopting the reso-
lution.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of virginia mbjibeks.
Mr. PETERS. I have another motion to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary,
and 1 ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
llesolved, That the Sergeant-nt-Arms of the House
of Representatives be, and ho is hereby, instructed
to liny to each of the members of the Forty-First
Congress from the State of Virginia compensation
for the time embraced in the period between the 4th
of March. 18(iU, and the Otil of July, 1869.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to explain that reso-
lution.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. PETKRS. It is a privileged question.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to make one word
of explanation.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, one of his secretaries,
announced that the President had approved
and signed bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2800) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain formications and other works
of defense ;
An act (II. R. No. 2397) for the relief of
James J. JJiles, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry ;
An act (II. li. No. 2095) for the relief of
John W. Massey;
An act (H. R. No. 2906) for the recovery of
damages for the loss of the sloop-of-war
Oneida;
An act (H. R. No. 3071) for the relief of
Logan H. Roots, late collectorof internal rev-
enue forthe first district, of Arkansas ;
An act (H. R. No. 1718) for the relief of
A. A. Vance, postmaster at Morristown, New
J ersey;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 520) to amend
section four, act of July 20, 1868 ;
An act (II. R. No. 3085) to enable the Jack-
son, Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company
to change the northern terminus of its road
from Traverse bay to the straits of Mackinaw,
and for other purposes ;
_ An act (H. R. No. 2015) making appropria-
tions for tiie current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 80,1872, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. It. No. 3048) to authorize the
establishment of certain free public highways
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (H. R. No. 1019) to restore Robert
Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy of the
United States;
An act (II. R. No. 2956) to regulate the
grade of Maryland avenue from the end of the
Long Bridge to Twelfth street;
An act (II. R. No. 2831) granting a pension
to Rachel W. Huston ;
An act (II. 11. No. 550) supplementary to
an act to authorize the extension, construc-
tion, and use of a lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company in, to,
and within the Districtof Columbia," approved
February 5, 1867;
An act (H. R. No. 2579) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes;
An act (EL R. No. 1999) granting a pension
to Maria Pratt;
An act (H. R. No. 550) granting a pension
to George Menz;
An act (H. R. No. 1342) granting a pension
to Emma M. Moore ;
An act (H. R. No. 1616) granting a pension
to Mary H. Ailing;
An act (H. R. No. 1630) granting a pension
to Susannah Snyder;
An act (H. R. No. 1988) granting a pension
to W. C. Dickens;
An act (H. li. Ns. 1989) granting a pension
to Anna F. Hart;
An act (EL li. No. 2230) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Burnbam;
An act (H. R. No. 2235) granting a pension
to William Powell;
An act (H. R. No. 2304) granting a pension
to Anthony D. Havely;
An act (H. Ii. No. 2307) granting a pension
to Zelica T. Dunlap;
An act (H. R. No. 221S) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Ravenscroft; and
An act(H. R. No. 2173) to amend an act
entitled *'Ati act to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands in
the United States," approved May 30, 1862.
order of business.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We are not
going to have the sundry civil appropriation
bill back in the House until two o'clock, and I
therefore hope we will take a recess until nine
o'clock to morrow morning.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a parliamentary
question. Would not a motion to adjourn be
really an adjournment sine die of this Con-
gress '!
The SPEAKER. It would have that effect.
Mr. DAWES. I move to take a recess
until two o'clock. I have just returned from
the Senate, and on the strength of the inform-
ation I get there as to the time the sundry civil
appropriation bill will reach the House I make
the motion to take a recess to two o'clock.
lhe House divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 75.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
FRAUDULENT TRADE-MARKS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has some public business to report
to the House; and if there be no objection, he
will have leave to report.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
know of any business from the Committee of
Ways arid Means which it is necessary for us
to consider at this time of the night. I reserve
objection until I hear what the business is.
The SPEAKER. Of course the right to
object is reserved until the business has been
reported.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee of Ways and Means
to report back Senate bill No. 829, in rela-
tion to fraudulent trade-marks upon foreign
watches, with a substitute.
Mr. RANDALL, I hope that we shall have
both the bill and substitute read, so that we
may understand them.
Mr. PETERS. What becomes of my reso-
lution?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. And the
motion in reference to taking a recess?
The SPEAKER. They are both in abey-
ance for the present.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my motion to
take a recess.
The Clerk read the bill. The first section
provides that from and after the 1st day
of August next no foreign watches or wateh-
inovements shall be admitted to entry at the
custom-houses in the Uniied States unless
there shall be legibly and distinctly engraved
or stamped upon the exposed surfaces of the
plates or bridges of the works or movements
the maker's name or distinguished trade-
mark, and in connection therewith, as a part
thereof, the name of the place and coun-
try where manufactured, provided that exist-
ing trade-marks of foreign manufacturers of
watches need not be changed if they distinctly
show that the watch-movements are of foreign
production. The second section provides that
if any watches or watch-movements of foreign
manufacture shall be offered for entry at any
custom house in the United States, which shall
copy or simulate the name or trade-mark of
any domestic manufacturer, the same shall be
forfeited to the United States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr, Hooper] offers an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, which will now
be reported.
The substitute was read. Ic provides that
from and after the 1st day of January, 1871,
no watches, watch-cases, or watch-movements,
or part of watch-movements of foreign man-
ufacture, which shall copy or simulate the trade-
mark of any domestic manufacturer, shall be
admitted to entry at the custom-houses of the
United States, unless such domestic manfae-
turer is the importer of the*same. In its sec-
ond section it provides that domestic manu-
facturers of watches who have adopted trade-
marks may cause to be recorded in the Treas-
ury of the United States, in a book to be kept
for that purpose under such rules and regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, their names and residences
and descriptions of trade-marks, and furnish
to the Secretary fac similes of such trade-
marks; and it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary to transmit one or more copies of the same
to each collector or other proper officer of the
customs of the United States, to be used by
such officers in the execution of the first sec-
tion of this act.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask if there is any-
thing in the substitute which prevents the im-
portation of foreign articles without any trade-
mark or maker's name and putting on the
fraudulent trade-mark in this country.
Mr. FARN3 WORTH. You cannot prevent
that at the custom-house.
Mr. HOAR. The bill as it is drawn pro-
hibits the importation of any foreign watch
unless there is upon it, legibly, the name or
trade-mark of the manufacturer. That pro-
tects the American manufacturer perfectly
against fraud ; the substitute does not.
Mr. FOX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a point
of order. Is this debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FOX. Then I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] allow me
to answer the interrogatory of his colleague,
[Mr. Hoar?]
Mr. FOX. I object to debate, and I ask
that the bdl be read. I believe that is my right.
The SPEAKER. It is not the gentleman's
right, the bill having already been read. Is
there objection to its being read again?
Several members objected.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill as amended by the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute ; and being
taken, there were—ayes 86, noes 40.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill, as
amended, was passed.
leave to print.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to
print remarks in the Globe, as follows:
Mr. ALLIbON : On the origination of rev-
enue bills.
Mr. ARMSTRONG: On House bill No. 299.
