1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
These young men are almost ready to grad-
uate and enter upon a patriotic profession in
which they are to devote their energies and
lives to the service of their country. This
House is'about to dismiss them in disgrace.
They are admirably fitted forarms, and thereby
in great degree disqualified for ordinary occu-
pations. If this is consummated it will be
gross cruelty, and can be accounted for only
on the supposition that passion and prejudice
control our judgment. Appeals are made to'
popular prejudice and personal feeling against
the institution. If we are ta act at all we
should act-judicially and spurn such motives.
We are informed that ourjudgment may affect
the sons of men high in authority. If this be so
we should' iaet as if it were not so, dealing with
all alike, dealing out even-handed justice to
high and low. We should treat the son of the
President exactly as wo would treat the son
of the humblest citizen, neither better nor
worse. We should deal with the orphan son
of Admiral Dahlgren as we would with the son
of the most obscure man. In such an assem-
bly as this the greater danger is of injustice to
such persons. Composed in partjof political
opponents of the great men whose sons are
said to be implicated, there may be partisan-
ship. On this side, thare may be members
who fear the charge of subserviency, and
therefore lean against the sons of great men
to prove their independence; and. there may
be others who court popular favor by assailing
the fortunate and the great.
There may be those who affect contempt for
men in power and reserve their sycophancy for
the populace, and "crook the pregnant hinges
of the knee" to the many-headed sovereign
"that thrift may follow fawning who sed-
ulously court and flatter the people and as-
semblies of Jheir representatives, and pander
to popular prejudices in order to procure office
and honor. This is no more honorable than
fawning on men in power. The true man will
do neither, but stand erect and independent.
And I appeal to the House not to err toward
severity for fear of being charged with too
great mercy.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are reminded that
these young men have been educated at pub-
lic expense and at great cost. This must be
admitted, and being true should make us more
careful that we do not wantonly cast away the
fruits of this expenditure. The value to a na-
tion of men of skill and learning in the art of
war cannot be overestimated. Whatever may
be the faults of these cadets, they have the
elements of soldiers. A recent event has tested
their metal, and enabled them to prove their
courage, endurance, and their discipline as
well. 1 submit the following extract from offi-
cial documents relative to the recent fire at the
Military Academy:
[Copy of telegram.]
West Point, February 5,1801.
To the Inspector of the Military Academy :
A fire broke out about two o'clock this a. m. in the
dialectic hall of cadets' barracks. It communicated
quickly with both wings, extended along under the
roof, and soon envoloped the entire roof and every
room on the fourth floor. It being impossible to
control the fire by the hand and steam fire-engines,
the valves freezing, the thermometer six degrees
below zero, the cadets were sent to their various
divisions, where, with buckets, from the foot of the
stairs leading to the fouth floor, and from the rooms
on the third floor, they fought the flames with great
energy and resolution, the water freezing on them
as it fell. After three hours the fire was under con -
E. UPTON.
Acting Superintendent.
trol.
Adjutant's Office,
United States Military Academy,
West Point, February 5,1871.
The entire roof and the fourth story of the cadet
barracks were destroyed by fire thi3 morning at two
o'clock and twenty minutes a. m. Thefire originated
in tho dialectic hall, rose to the roof, and turned
east and west. No lives were lost, but some of the
cadets had theirfeet and ears frozen. Thethermom-
eter stood ut four degrees below zero, and a fresh
wind blew from northwest. A strong wind would
have carried the Aoademy. *   * * The
whole force on the post was promptly on the spot;
but the fire had two directions (east and west) to
pursue. The night was bitter, and the engine and
nose were frozen fast. * * * * I have
just returned (eleven a. m.) from the barracks. The
fire is smoldering and requires constant watching.
Tho thermometer is still at zero, and the water
thrown down the stairs freezes as it falls.
EDWARD C.BOYNTON.
West Point, New Yoke,
February 6,1871.
I regret to report that the occupants of the "fourth
floor (burnt district) lost nearly everything they pos-
sessed, except tho clothes they had on; but it is a
subject of congratulation that, beyond a few frosted
ears and toes, the fire was not attended with any
serious accident. Three sound sleepers found egress
by the stairway, cut off by fire and smoke, and were
rescued by ladders from the fourth-story windows.
The cold is described as intense, the thermometer
being below zero. The walls and stairways, when I
arrived this a. m., were a mass of ice. As further
illustration of the intensity of the cold, it is said that
a cadet, on entering the mess hall for breakfast, took
oft* his overcoat and it was frozen &o hard that he
stood it up on the floor and put his cap on it.
T. G. PITCHER.
[Special Orders, No. 14.]
Headquarters
United States Military Academy,
West Point, February 6,1871.
1. It is with pleasure that the acting superintend-
entannounces to the corps of cadets bis own and the
general commendation elicited by their action at
the fire yesterday morning. No higherproof of tbeir
discipline could have been given. In the perfect
order tbat prevailed during the whole fire, in the
cheerful obedience to every order, in endurance un-
der extreme cold, in the energy, determination, and
bravery with which they fought the flames for three
hours, resulting in arresting a great disaster to the
Academy, the cadets have given a pledge of gallant
devotion to duty which the Government cannot fail
to appreciate. As a slight recognition of the soldierly
conduct of the corps the acting superintendent directs
that all^cadets in arrest, except those awaiting the
sentence of a court-martial, be released, and also
that all confinements and punishments, except those
named in Special Orders, No. 3, (current series,) of
January 10,1871, from this office, and those resulting
from court-martial, be canceled down to date.
$ #
By command of Lieutenant Colonel Upton:
EDWARD C. BOYNTON,
Brevet Major and Adjutant.
[Special Orders, No. 15.]
Headquarters
United States Military Academy,
West Point, February 7,1871.
Academic duties will be resumed to-morrow. The
superintendent recognizes the fact that in conse-
quence of the recent disaster the corps of cadets must
necessarily be for some time subjected to more or
less inconvenience, and it may be to some discom-
fort, but he feels assured tbat a body of young men
who are being educated for a profession full of trials
and discomforts, andwhoexhibitedsomuchcourage
and fortitude on the eventful morniDg of the 5th
instant, will make the most of their situation and
bear with cheerfulness any inconvenience they may
be called-upon to endure.
By coihmand of Colonel Pitcher:
El)WARD C.BOYNTON,
Brevet Major and Adjutant.
And al§o an extract from a letter of Cadet
Dahlgren to his mother. It is written in the
confidence and freedom natural from such a
son to such a mother. The preface shows
her confidence in her boy:
"Mr. Editor: A letter from my son, who stands
high in that much-abused first class at West Point,
tells a story intended only for a mother's apprecia-
tion, but which I think of itself goes far to answer
the changes made, that these young men would be
found unfitted for any emergency of peril in the
future. It gives a vivid picture of courageous action,
and I desire to send it to you. Tho letter says:
"'Dear Mother: About two a. m. on the night of
the 4th instant I was aroused by the cry of fire, fol-
lowed by the drum beating the long roll. I imme-
diately sprang into my clothes, and rushed out into
the area. When I got there I saw the fire bursting
out of the high window of the dialectic hall, which
is in the center of the barracks, immediately over
the sally-port. This hall corresponds in height to
three stories of the rest of the barracks, and the
interior of it was all ablaze, including the roof above
it. The companies of the battalion all fall in when
the long roll beats, except a number of men desig-
nated as the hose company, having a fire organiza-
tion, who have no roll-call, but proceed directly to
the engine-house. I am a foreman of the hose, and
did not wait for the rest of the company, but assisted
by three others ran out the hose carriage, rushed
with it through the sally-port under the blazing
hall, and after vigorous efforts found that it was im-
possible to obtain any water for the engine, as the
fire-plugs on the tanks and hydrants were frozen
tight.
"All this time the thermometer was ten degrees
below zero. I had no gloves, and was scantily
clothed, so great had been my baste. After great
exertion wesucceededin gcttingsome water into the
engine, but it froze in it, and we had to abandon it
and attempt the task of patting out the fire, which
had gained rapidly, favored by a light wind, along
the roof and top story of barracks, by hand, with
buckets, hooks, and axes. I seized an ax and ran up
to the cock-loft of the fourth division, where the
danger appeared the most imminent. I succeeded
in reaching the window at the extremity of the hall,
looking out upon the area, and out of this I yelled
for water. The wood-work of the floors and walls,
which are chiefly of brick and iron, fortunately, was
blazing above and around me, and when the water
was applied the smoke and steam were so dense as
nearly to suffocate me. The combustible portion of
the floor above me fell in, and I found myself cut
off from the staircase. Fortunately a long ladder
was against the window, and I slid down this, fire-
man's fashion; that is, by throwing my legs outside
the rails of the ladder and manipulating the spoke3
with my hands.
"'Ihad been soused with a bucket of water, and my
overcoat was frozen stiff. The cape got in the way
of ray hands and I went down the ladder with a fear-
fully accelerated motion, bringing up at the bottom
in a snow-drift.
" *1 worked around from the fourth division to my
own, (the seventh,) where I found the fire had made
some progress, the roof having fallen, and the
flames were consuming the rooms and hall on the
fourth floor. We fought the fire by hand for alfcout
three hours in the midst of smoke and steam so
stifling that we could not see each other; in fact we
could not see our own feet, but would have to grope
overthe rafters for afoot-hold.
" * During this time a mass of burning timber and
bricks, mortar, slate, and iron fell on me, and my
shins were repeatedly bruised by empty buckets
thrown downstairs to be refilled. In the course of
three or four hours amass of flames, made doubly
fierce by a strong wind, covering a space of over five
hundred feet long and sixty feet wide, was extin-
guished and its progress stopped by two hundred
cadets, working by hand, assisted by detachments
from the engineer, artillery, and cavalry soldiers on
the post. One cadet, however, proved eaual to half
adozen soldiers. Indeed, cadets went where profes-
sional firemen would have haired in dismay. It was
about six o'clock when we halted from our labors.
The barracks were drenched with water, now bejeome
ice, and as the steam apparatus had been damaged
we had no means of keeping warm. The thermom-
eter was still below zero. I am bruised and scarred
all over.
"'A temporary roof has been erected over the bar-
racks. We have blazing wood fire3, and although
comparatively comfortable are by no means safe,
for a little bad weather might bring the walls and
arches down upon our heads. Tfte loss sustained by
the Government was about sixty thousand dollars,
the property saved by the corps about two hundred
thousand dollars. We were complimented highly in
orders, the first class being particularly noticed. I
saw some heroic instances of courage evinced by men
of my class. The hospital is full. And who may say
that the soldier courage to do and to dare burns not
as fiercely in the breasts of these young heroes who
did such brave battle against the terrible fire fiend
as in the hearts of the older veteran graduates of
West Point, who led our loyal hosts to victory?'"
Older soldiers may smile at the enthusiasm
of this heroic son of a heroic father, but it is
well that the young should be enthusiastic,
and history has not forgotten that George
Washington once declared that " the whistling
of bullets made sweet music in his ears."
The conduct of the cadets at this fire satisfies
me that they will make good soldiers and gal-
lant and competent officers. This is what we
want, and I am unwilling thus lightly and for
a single fault to throw them away and disgrace
them for life. Let us leave this whole matter
in the hands of the proper authorities, who
bad not yet had time to act before we took
the subject up. Let us wait and see whether
the War Department does justice before we
do injustice.
Mr. ASPER. I now yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from California, FMr. Johx
son.]
Mr. JOHNSON". Mr. Speaker, one of these
boys was appointed by myself. He is the son
of one of my best friends; and I believe, sir,
that a record has been made against that boy
as false as lies can be false. For that reason
I desire to say a few words.
I do not care, sir, to say anything against
the first class for their action; but 1 wish to
direct my remarks to the management of tho
institution, in support of the third resolution
that I proposed, namely, that the conduct of
the officers on duty at the Academy shall bo
inquired into.
On looking over this record I find that the
