M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
e^a|4iaatj,Qn ofthajt report that a much larger,
ippr^priattoi). should be given to tbis bureau
than is. silked for by the chairman of the Com-
qn and Lafepr.
;t^e to-call the,attention of the qoramit-
tei'tq fijpnie of tjie recommendations made by
tUft, ycW^siAner. of Education. He says in
referenceto the. nationalGovernment that—r
"it max do all things required, for oduoatioo in
thaxerj-itortes. *
Now, nobody, will deny that proposition.
Everybody knows that unless. the General G.ov-
ernment takes charge ofthe interests of educa-
tion in the Territories, nobody else will do, it.
He gap further:
" It may do all things required; for education in the
District" of Columbia.
Now, everybody -who knows anything at all
about the matter knows that the schools, in
the District of Columbia are very. greatly in
need of the attention of Congress, and should
fee made more efficient, and that means should
be provided by which every child in the Dis-
trict of Colombia shall'bo educated,
The Commissioner says further:
"It may d? all things required by it&treaties with
aridiUobligations tq the Indians."
Now, nobody will deny that proposition.
Everybody knows that the policy which has
recently been inaugurated by the President is
pne th^t should haye been, inaugurated a great
many years ago, and that if the General Gov-
ernroenthad,expended a fraction of the money
vbich has been expended in keeping up the
Army a,nd in controlling the Indians by force,
in advancing the interests of education among
tihe.m, tha Indians would to-day have been far
letter off; money would have been saved, and
the general interests of the country would have
been promoted.
Further on he continnes:
"4. The national Government may also do all
that its international relations require in regard to
education.
"5. The national Government may call all per-
sona or States to account for whatever has been
intrusted to them by it for educational purposes.
"6. Xbe national Government may use either the
]>ublio domain or the money received from its sale
for the benefit of education.
"7. The national, (government may knowall about
education in the country, and may communicate of
what it knows at the discretion ot Congress and the
Executive.
"8. The national Government may make laws for
these several purposes, and the Ifederal courts may
adjudicate questions under them. '
"9. In. aesiuvdanoe with these laws, plainly the
Government sheuld provide a national educational
office and an officer, and furnish hitn clerks and ail
means "for the fulfillment of the national educational
obligations.
'50. XheGovernmentmay take, as has been estab-
lished by legislative and executive action, and by
the decision of the courts, such exceptional action
aa exceptional circumstances may require, fur the
public welfare, for the assurance of a republican form
of government, for the protection of the liberty of
those lately slaves, lor the security of their citizen-
ship, for the free exeroise of the right to vute, for the
equality of alt men before the law. and for the fitting
of auy citizen for any responsibility the nation may'
impose oil him."
All these propositions are plain and not to
be disputed. They require no argument to
sustain them.
I extract the following from the report of
the proceedings of the Cleveland convention,
made up of a large number of the leading
educators of the country. These men unan-
imously indorsed all the above points made by
tbe Commissioner in his report, and placed him
at the head of a committee to urge them upon
the attention of Congress. That convention
was composed of State 'and city school offi-
cers and members of collegiate faculties, from
nearly every State in the Union :
"The committee appointed to report on tho ad-
dress of General JoTra Baton, national Commissioner
of Education, through their chairman, Erofessor W.
E. Crosby, of Davenport, Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing resolutions, which were adopted': * '
"LUsohcd, That we heartily approve the views and
recommendations therein so ably stated andnrged.
"lieeotvedr That we respectfully petition Congress
to make "a larger appropriation of money to meet
what seems tons the flrstclaims of genera} education
upon the national bureau. ' " •
"lUeplyed, That General Baton, together with the
presiding officers of this association, be a committee
to press tho matter here referred to upon the atten-
tion of Congress."
In addition to the action of that convention
more than thirty college presidents met at O-ber-
lin, Ohio, Tuesday, August 23, to attend the
second meeting of thei Central' College Asso-
ciation, an organization for the advancement
of collegiate and higher education, designed
to operate in the Mississippi valley, and of
which Vice PresidentTappan, of Kenyon Col-
lege, was chairman. Among other resolutions
passed at the last meeting of that association
was the following:
"Resolved, That the executive committee bo in-
structed to correspond with General Eaton, Com-
missioner of Education, and express their willingness
and desire to cooperate with him in promoting the
interests of education."
At a late meeting of the county superintend-
ents of the State of Michigan, Professor Hors-
ford, State superintendent, urged th^t a full
department of education should be created,
equal to any in the Government, the secretary
ot which should be a' member of the Cabinet
and possessed of equal power with the* other
cabinet ministers; and that the educational
interests of the country should rank fully as
high as those of finance, of State, or of war.
Numerous otherinstances might be cited, going
to show the interest felt by the country in tie
Bureau of Education.
I might mention a variety of other consid-
erations, but I desire to call the attention of
the, committee especially to this fact, that a
number of the leading educational institutions
throughout the United States have indorsed
the propositions that have been made by the
Commissioner of Education, and have organ-
ized committees to lay the matter especially
before Congress, and to ask from the Govern-
ment more liberal appropriations in behalf of
education.
We ought to have, Mr. Chairman, at least
enough money appropriated to furnish us with
the necessary information on the subject, to
give us- some information as to what is needed
m regard to the matter of education and as to
the educational facilities in the country gen-
erally. Everybody concedes the necessity and
importance of education, but at present there
are no facilities for obtaining that information
which ought to be in the hands of every mem-
ber. of this House, for learning the precise
number of children in this Republic who are
cut off from educational facilities. I hope the
committee will at least vote money enough to
obtain, that information.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. SWASLN. Mr. Chairman, I did not hear
what increase had been proposed by the gentle-
man who has offered an amendmentproposing
a larger sum than had been recommended by
the Committee on Appropriations. I will say,
sir, that I will go as far as he who goes farthest
in the most liberal appropriations for this de-
partment of education. I have a very high
respect for the Commissioner who is at the
head o.f that department. But before I can
vote advisedly upon thp.t subject, I would call
upon the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to, answer the question
whether or not his,committee have examined
into th.e subject, and into the propriety of the
increase asked by the gentleman from Tennes-
see. [Mr. Abxeli..] 1 confess, sir, that I have
faith in the Committee on Appropriations, and
I am disposed, as far as I can go, to support the
appropriations, which they recommend to this
Ho.use. A^ 1 understand, a, very large increa.se
has been suggested over and above "what that
committee ha^j reporom.end.ed to the House.
And as one, I am disposed to vqte;for that in-
crease, no matter howit'may be-appropriated ;
and 1 suppose there wrllbe various suggestions
upon that ^uhject, unless the chairman of ihe.
Committee on Apprppriationa, representing the
views of thai, committee,*r.ises.in his place and
says to this House that, that'appropriation is
noc^gary.:
Mr. HOAR. Will tbegentleman from Mary-
land allow me to ask him whether he was, not
in favor of the increase in the appropriation
for pumpkin seeds ? [Laughter.],
_"Mr.S.WANN; I dare say I' iya.5,'sir. I voted
for an increase of that appropriation for seeds.,
because I believe, that the great ftgricnltnral
community of this country "requires and de-
mands it. I believe that no more popular appro-
priation could be made than an appropriation
to increase the quantity of se.eds which have
been heretofore distributed over this gxea,t agri-
cultural community. And, the gentleman mis-
takes i e. I am not oppos.ed to an increase of
appropriations for this Bureau of Education,
and if the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations [Mr. DawesJ will rise in
his place and say to us that, he and hip, commit-
tee have examined this subject and. believe such
an appropriation to be necessary, 1 have such
faith "in that committee that I, do not know but
what I would concur cordially in tbe recom-
mendation that has come from tli^ other side
of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I will answer tlie gentle-
man's inquiry by. stating that the Committee
on Appropriations, heard the Commissioner
of Education on, this subject, and spent sooe
time in its examination ; and they, agreed, to
adhere to their" bill as reported to the Houm.
My own private opinion, however, ^as the
other way. I was myself desirous that tin
additional sum should be added to the appi>>-
priations for that bureau in some respects. I?or
instance, if the amount for the item of statis-
tics and reports could be increased I woijld
be glad to have such an increase as far as t„ie
House would be willing to go. But I do iut
exactly like the form in which the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr.. Aknell] has drawn his
amendment. There is too much in it for the
employes of the bureau, and too little for the
general purposes, of education. X think my
Iriend has failed to draw his amendment in
the proper form.
Mr. ARNELL. My, amendment, as sent to
the Clerk's desk, proposes $7,000 for statis-
tics, reports, &c., instea'dof, $3,000, as reported
in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. 1 think the i.tera for "col-
lecting statistics, and writing and compiling
matter for annual and special reports," ought
to be increased. I think it ought to be. increased
to as much as six or seven thousand dollars.
But I do not think the force of this bursau
should be increased, as indicated by theameiid-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The value to the country of the Bureau
of Education cannot be overestimated. The
advantages which are to come from a judicic us
and wise administration of that bureau, which
I doubt not we shall haye under the present
Commissioner, will be, in my opinion, beyond
all calculation. The beneficial effects of it will
increase and extend from year to year, and be
felt in the remotest parts of the United States.
There can be no such thing as measuring by
money the beneficial re.sults to be realized Irom
a proper apprehension and appreciation of the
labors of the Commissioner of Education prop-
erly supplied with funds.
And, if I may be permitted to express my
own views, I, will say that I look forward to
the time w.hen, instead of appropriating §40,000
for poor miserable pumpkin seeds not worth
the noticing where they fall, twice that sum
may. be ^appropriated far the cultivation of
the minds and the intellects and the hearts of
the people throughout this broad land.
The only objection w.hich I have to the amend-
ment which has.l)een offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Aiwell] is the fear I
have that too much money will be spent upon
the officials, in that bureau, j^nd less for the
true purposes of the bureau.
Mr. HOAR. Let me interrupt my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] for a moment right here. Is he
aware that-one of the clerks in that bureau,
while engaged in. tlie preparation of tWlast
