1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
officers of the Academy have not only at-
tempted, by making a false record in the War
Department and on the "books of the insti-
tution, to blacken the character of this boy,
Barnes, but they have shown in their testimony
a malignancy and hate toward that boy that
gentlemen should not feel who are placed in
the position that these men are placed in. On
the 3d of January a telegram is sent to the
War Department asking for authority to con-
vene a court-martial to try these three boys.
I presume the authority was given. On the
night of the 3d they are taken away by the
first class, driven away from the Academy,
under a threat that if they returned they should
be tarred and feathered. I need not say my
information is that the young man, Barnes,
had been confined by sickness for six weeks
just prior to this transaction, and that his life
was endangered by it, and that the class did
not permit the boy to keep his uniform on, but
dressed him in a suit of summer clothes that
he wore on the 10th of June, when he went to
the Academy.
After this had occurred, and after it had
come to the knowledge of the officers, General
Pitcher telegraphs to the War Department
and says that these boys are absent without
leave ; that he supposes they have deserted,
naming Barnes by name, and saying that he
was a boy that they will recollect had been
tried by court-martial for a similar offense
quite recently. The testimony shows that
although he had been tried upon such a eharge
that charge was false. Why, then, did General'
Pitcher seek to stain this boy's reputation by
any such telegram to the War Department?
That is not all, sir. After being in possession
of the entire facts in relation to the miscon-
duct of the first class, on the 5th day of the
month, two days thereafter, knowing full well
that this boy had been driven away under
threats, and that he was afraid to return, they
deliberately struck him from the rolls as a
deserter, and that record stands against him
. to-day. The next thing the record shows with
regard to this boy is, that on the 10th day of
January he was marked as having rejoined
from desertion. Now, that is the record that
General Pitcher and General Upton make for
this boy; and without some explanation that
record would stand, notwithstanding the report
that the committee has made here, and stand
to stain the character of that boy for all time to
come.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] in his remarks the day before yes-
terday, said that this boy perhaps never would
have had a chance to get back to the Academy
but for the action about to be taken by this
House; that he had been dropped from the
rolls for deficiency. I say, sir, that the drop-
ping of that boy from the rolls for deficiency
was the most villainous portion of the trans-
action. They carried him back to the Acad-
emy, and after he had just been confined to a
bed of sickness for six weeks they took no
account of that loss of time, but set him down
in the midst of his persecutors, went through
the sham of an examination, and said .that he
was deficient in French and mathematics, and
• struck him from the rolls. Mr. Smith swears
before the committee that General Uoton told
him that as to the boy Barnes they could easily
dispose of him; that he had rejoined from
desertion, and that they would go through the
form of an examination and drop him from
the rolls; that it was easy now tft manage such
a case. Is that a fit man to occupy the position
of commandant at that institution ? My dis-
trict, sir, was wounded in its dignity by the
action of this man, who is not fit to occupy
the position of pedagogue in a district school.
He found it easy enough to get rid of this boy ;
he would go through the form of an examina-
tion and drop him from the rolls. I do not
know whether the boy is deficient or not; it
would not have made any difference to Gen-
eral Upton whether he was or was not; it was
his determination to tlrop him, to strike him
from the rolls.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this man testifies all
through this record, wherever he was called
upon, in a manner to show clearly that he had
a spite against this boy. He said to Mr. Smith,
who i3 uncle to young Baird, one of these un-
fortunate boys, that "Willie was a good boy
uniformly, but he had fallen into bad com-
pany ;'' that" he associated with the boy Barnes,
who was a very bad boy." And when ques-
tioned as to Barnes he says, " He was not a
cleanly boy, not as neat and soldier-like as a
cadet ought to be." And that is the only thing
he can say against the lad. He is not a dainty,
" highty-tighty" little fellow enough to suit
the fastidious taste of this elegant gentleman ;
and therefore he would make up against the
lad a record as damning to his character and
as false as hell; as false as the malignant heart
of the scoundrel who makes it.
I speak thus plainly because I mean just what
I say. I do not speak on this subject like some
other gentlemen, without any feeling. This
boy could bring as many testimonials of his
good character as any youth in the United
States. He is the son of one of the best
men I ever knew. He was born and raised in
my district. I have testimonials from the
leading newspapers in my State saying that
he is an exceptional boy. He may not be
as neat as some of the cadets there ; but that
comes from the fact that he is a gentleman's
son—a gentleman in his instincts; andhe does
not think that his standing in this world is to
be affected by his kid gloves.
Now, another thing, Mr. Speaker, this boy
was taken back on the 10th of the month.
For this assertion I have the authority of Mr.
Gkiswold, of New York. He was taken back
on the lOih of the month ; and on the 11th this
false and spurious examination was made;
and a day or two afterward they raised the
money and spirited the boy away to California.
They were afraid to have that boy remain.
These resolutions had been introduced, and
they defrayed his expenses to send him home
to his father in California. Why did they
want to send him away? Because they were
afraid that if they allowed him to remain the
facts would come out.
Mr. WILKINSON. How old is that boy ?
Mr. JOHNSON. He was seventeen years
old on the 6lh day of June last; a mere child
in age, but a man in every other respect.
Now, a few words more; for I presume I
have taken as much time as the House would
be willing to allow me. My colleague [Mr.
Axtell] and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] seek to palliate the action
of this first class. They say that this was a
sudden outburst; that it was a sudden ebulli-
tion of passion, that it was a sudden ebullition
of feeling, but in the right direction, for the
purpose of getting rid of liars. Now, there is
no word in this record that charges or looks
toward establishing the fact that young Barnes
had been guilty of lying.
Was it a sudden ebullition of feeling when
they called this meeting in a clandestine man-
ner, and were eight or ten hours in carrying
into effect the resolutions which they passed?
Was it asudden ebullition of feeling when they
made young Grant the treasurer of the fund
they had subscribed to defray the expenses of
their movement? Was it a sudden ebullition
of feeling when the boys had returned and were
in confinement for this first class to pass by
their rooms in squads, as the evidence shows,
and to say, so as to be heard, "These men
have been here long enough, and must be
drivenaway?" Was that a sudden ebullition of
feeling? I do not care what this House may
do with the first class ; but I hope the House
will adopt my resolution to investigate the
conduct and management of the Academy.
I do not know that, so far as the first class is
concerned, I shall vote for anything more than
the amendment offered by the gentleman from.
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. ASPISR. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] for ten minutes.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have sought the floor this
morning principally because General Pitcher,
the superintendent of the Academy at West
Point, was appointed from my district to the
Academy, in the first place, and still claims it
as his home, so far as one situated as he is
can claim any place for his home. To those
who know General Pitcher it is unnecessary
that anything should be said in his behalf.
As a brave and gallant officer, as a gentleman
of discriminating judgment and high sense of
justice in all the relations of life, I presume
no man in the Army is his superior. He is
the soh of an honored citizen of my district, s
venerable man, eminent in .the profession of
the law, one whom I have from the days of
my boyhood claimed as my warm personal
friend, and to whom I am to day attached as
I am to very few persons not connected with
me by the ties of kindred.
But, sir, I will not dwell upon these merely
personal matters. I wish to remark, in pass-
ing, that as to the West Point Military Acad-
emy, about which so much is said in this House
as well as in the public prints, I have not
shared and do not share to day in many of the
prejudices which seem to exist against it. I
concede that there are many things in regard
to the institution that we might criticise if we
feel inclined or want to do so. It is different
from most other institutions under our form
of government, and I do not pretend to say
that some other institution, known by some
other name, organized on some other plan or
some other theory, might not suit our pur-
pose better. That is a military question, and
one which I will not attempt to discuss; in
1 fact, I do not feel myself so competent to dis-
cuss it as are many other gentlemen on this
floor. But I have always believed and still
believe that we ought to have some Govern-
ment institution for the. training of a portion
at least of the military officers of the country;
some institution which may afford a standard
of military discipline and military education,
and which shall be a nucleus for the armies
which we are compelled from time to time to
raise, and which shall be a depository for that
kind of military knowledge which is necessary
to the efficiency of our armies. Something of
this kind, it seems to me, is absolutely neces-
sary if we desire to continue to sustain our
prestige as a great military people.
As to the particular offense out of which
this discussion has grown I have only to say
that the delinquencies of these three "young
men outof whiehthe subsequent trouble seems
to have arisen were to my mind very flagrant
indeed. They were guilty of a grave violation
ef discipline. But that does not afford the
slightest legal justification for the subsequent
conduct of the first class. Yet, taking in view
the whole transaction, I am disposed to treat
it as one of those exceptional and impulsive
things which are liable to occur in all institu-
tions of learning where theyouth of the coun-
try are convened. I am disposed to treat the
whole transaction as leniently as can possibly
be done without ignoring our appreciation of
the grave offenses which have been committed.
If the first resolution reported by the com-
mittee will have the effect to reinstate in the
Academy the three boys who have beecr so
sum marily driven from the institution—arid I
confess I have some doubt whether such will
be the effect of the resolution—I am perfectly
willing to vote for it. But I have grave doubts
as to the propriety of voting for the second
resolution, in regard to the first class, for the
reason that among other things it attempts to
prescribe in advance what a court-martial shall
do when convened, to provide the sentence
which shall be promulgated before the evi>
