1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
480.
report, labored in that labor of love for several
days twenty-two out of the twenty four hours,
and that he was assisted by his wile in the
performance of his clerical duties?
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that. That
there should be some iucrease of clerical force
is doubtless necessary; but I think there is too
much of that in the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee. I think he had better
cut down his force and add to the appropria-
tions for the legitimate purposes of the bureau,
so that there cannot be laid to its charge any
such imputation as that it desires places for its
favorites.
Let us keep our eye on the great end to be
accomplished by this bureau, recollecting that
it is in its infancy; recollecting how much it
suffered and how near it came to being extin-
guished heretofore. Now that it is upon its
feet, and under x wise administration, let us
devote every dollar that we can afford to appro-
priate for it, to carrying out the great end for
which it was. created, and have as few officials
in that branch of our service as possible.
I do not care particularly about one or two
officials ; I am not dwelling upon that. I am
seeking to attract as little opposition and objec-
tion to this bureau as possibly can be done.
Every dollar that is appropriated for the true
purposes of this bureau will return uncounted
fruit to the Republic. Yet hundreds and thou-
sands of dollars thrown away, it seems to me,
in other bureaus and other Departments of the
Government, are voted with an alacrity that
men are ostentatious in exhibiting here. Let
us not hesitate in regard to this Bureau of
Education; a matter more important, in my
oniriion, than any other embraced in this bill.
'Mr. TOWNSEND. I am a little sur-
prised that my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] should be opposnd to the distribution
of pumpkin seeds, for f always understood that
the pumpkin was the favorite dish of New Eng-
land. I am glad, however, that he is in favor
of a proper support of the Bureau of Educa-
tion, but regret that he should oppose that
branch of this bill which- provides for the in-
crease of the clerical force which seems neces-
sary to carry it on.
\Vhen the Congress of the United States cre-
ated the Bureau of Education it did not mean
that it should be a failure. It intended that it
should be an efficient instrument for the edu-
cation of the people and the dissemination
of the principles of civil and religious liberty.
To believe otherwise would be to attribute to it
hypocrisy of the worst character. The mag-
nitude of the labor necessary to carry out the
object, of the creation of the bureau has not been
properly estimated. When we remember that
republican institutions depend for their per-
petuity on the viitue and intelligence of the
people, the story told by the census is most
appalling.
in 1860, after a long period of peace and
material prosperity, the census showed the
illiteracy of some of the States and the postal
receipts as follows:
No. unable to read or Postal rereint^ per
write in I860, per cent. cap it a iv 1869,
Alabama  54 $0 15
Georgia 52 0 21
Louisiana,...   53 0 23
Mississippi  60 0 14
South Carolina 6& 0 15
Ohio   6 0 50
Illinois  7 0 81
Mabsaohusetts  7 1 12
Pennsylvania  6 0 59
New York  6 0 9S
The disturbing influences of the late rebel-
lion have, no doubt-, left the southern States
in a still worse condition than they have ever
been before, and the necessity of aid and in-
formation to those States, is of the most imper-
ative character. They are seeking of the
bureau light on all educational subjects. They
desire to learn the best methods of building,
lighting, warming, and ventilating school-
houses, the best kinds of school-furniture and
school-books, the best methods of teaching,
and the best common-school systems of the
country.
With a view to obtain this information the
liberal-minded and progressive friends of edu-
cation in the South are flooding the Bureau
of Education with letters of inquiry, which
the very limited means of the bureau will not
enable the Commissioner to answer as, fully as
would be profitable to inquirers. The clerical
force of the bureau is insufficient for the task.
To perform this duty properly the Commis-
sioner of the bureau desires to issue a monthly
circular, to afford the desired information to
all inquirers, in whatever part of the nation,
but as the case stands to-day he lias not the
means at hand wherewith to do it.
We annually grant to the Department of
Agriculture nearly a quarter of a million of dol-
lars to spread agricultural knowledge through
the land. It is a wise expenditure and might
be profitably increased, and I hope it will.
But while we expend that sum for the improve-
ment of the national soil, why should we not
make a liberal provision for the cultivation of
the national mind?
The President of the United States has very
appropriately said in his last annual message
that—
"The subjects of education and agriculturea,re of
great interest to the success of our republican insti-
tutions, and happiness and grandeur as a nation. In
the interests of one a bureau has been established
in the Interior Department—the Bureau of Educa-
tion ; in the interests of the other a separate Depart-
ment, that of Agriculture. I believe great general
good is to follow from the operations of both these
bureaus if properly fostered. I cannot commend to
your careful consideration too highly the reports of
the Commissioners of Education and Agriculture,
nor urge too strongly such liberal legislation as will
secure their efficiency."
For these liberal sentiments the President
will receive the hearty commendation of every
friend of education, and I trust that this House
will respond to them by a liberal appropriation.
In this connection let me say that the last
circular from the Bureau of Education affords
the solution to two problems which have agi-
tated the public mind. The first is the answer
to the question why the Prussian army has
proved so superior to the French. The solu-
tion is found in the fact that of the Prussian
conscripts the average of those who could not
read or write was less than four per cent.,
while the average of the French soldiers who
could not read or write was thirty per cent.
In these days when, as it is said, "bayonets
think," an intelligent soldier will be found
more effective than an ignorant one, and his
intelligence will be manifested in victories
gained and cities conquered.
The second problem is the one that the Post
Office Department has been endeavoring to
solve; that is. how to make the postal service
self-supporting. The solution is to be found
in the increased education of the people. The
average expense per capita of the Post Office
Department is fifty-nine cents.
In the New England States, where education
is highest, there is an excess of postal receipts
over postal expenses of twenty-six cents per
head ; in the middle States, an excess of re-
ceipts over expenses of nineteen cents ; in the
northwestern States, an excess of nine cents
per head ; while the coast-planting States fall
in receipts thirty-nine cents per head below
the expenses, and the central slave States fall
thirty-live and nine tenths cents in receipts
below the expenses.
Wherever there is over eight per cent, of
illiterates in the population the postal receipts
fall below the postal expenses. The solution
of the post office question, then, is in tire edu-
cation of the masses; and when the southern
States give the attention to education which
it is their own interest to do, the Post Office
Department will be more than self-sustaining,
and a further reduction of postage may be
made. |
It is to be hoped, then, that every liberal- j
minded man on this floor, and especially south- |
ern gentlemen, will give their countenance and i
support to all measures, calculated, to add to
the efficiency of the bureau, a;i4 that they will
vote the small addition asked for to enable the
bureau to proceed in its work, of spreading
information concerning educational measures
throughout the land.
Let there be light,, the light of knowledge and
general education throughout the land, and we
may then say of. our, nation, with Father Paul,
" May it be perpetual."
[Here the hammer fell.] •
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I desire to state
why, as I understand, the Committee on Ap-
propriations were opposed t,o the'increase now
asked by the gentleman from Tennessee, and
why they adhered to the amount appropriated
last year. Even at that time a higher sum was
forced upon us than we supposed we ought to
give. Three years ago, as gentlemen will see
by turning to the Statutes-at-Large, volume
fourteen, page 434, there was passed an act to
establish the Department of Education. That
act provided for the appointment of a Commis-
sioner and certain clerks, with certain powera
and duties, to take general superintendence
over the diffusion of educational information
throughout the United Suites. After two years'
experience aa to the workings of that Depart-
ment, Congress, by an act to be found in the
Statutes-at-Large, volume fifteen, page 106,
provided—
"That from and after the 30th day of June, 1863,
the Department of Education shall eeas.e, j^iid the,to
shall be established, and attached to the Depart-
ment of the Interior, an oflice to be denominated
the Office of Education, the chief officer of whinh
shall be Commissioner of Education," <&e.
To this officer, for whom a f§w clerks weis
provided, was given the duty of superintending
the winding-up of this matter. Congress at, i hat
time determined, according to my understand-
ing, to abolish the Department of Edueaiion
altogether—to resolve it down to a simple bu-
reau, for the purpose of sending out inform-
ation upon the subject of education to the
States. Congress never intended, or, if it, ever
did, abandoned its intention of taking charge
of the education of the people. The States
themselves and the people have always dons
that, and Congress intended by its action abol-
ishing the Department of Education that the
subject should still be left in the hands of the
States and the people. Unless we now intend
that the General Government shall take charge
of the whole subject of education, and extend
this department accordingly, we ought not to
extend this bureau; if we do so intend, the
increase of this appropriation from $14,000
to $30,000 is the merest farce.
The Commissioner of Education has been
before the Committee on Appropriations, and
has told us what he proposes to do: to send
out information for the promotion of intelli-
gence on this subject among the States. He
told us, also, that of the speech of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. ProsserJ who has
spoken on this subject forty thousand copies
were circulated last year (not by the depart-
ment) all over the country, and that that speech
contains the great bulk of the information
which he is sending out now. There will
always be plenty of this kind of speeches and
reports for circulation on private account.
There is no pretense that this department is
going to educate anybody. The object is sim-
ply to disseminate information in reference to
education. Why, then, should we make appro-
priations which open the way for magnifying
this into a great department of the Govern-
ment?
I hold in my hand the last official register
of the United States, laid on our desks a few
days ago, a book of nine hundred a.nd seven-
teen pages, with an average of over sixty-five
names to the page., This document shows
that we have to-aay an army of over sixty
thousand men, drawing salaries from the Uni-
ted States Treasury directly. When you add to
this number the assistant postmasters, clerks,
and others who are paid by their superiors,
