1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
dence is heard, which strikes me as a very
strange proceeding in matters of military dis-
cipline. Whatever might be the propriety of
this resolution as a mere legislative declara-
tion I have grave doubts whether it ought to
receive my vote; and the present inclination
of my mind-is to vote against it. Indeed, sir,
I feel quite sure that I ought not to vote for
this second' resolution, and I shall not do so.
To expel a whole class for one indiscretionjaot
amounting to a high crime seems to me a very
remarkable and an unusually severe punish-
ment.
There have recently appeared in two of the
New York dailies articles which may be con-
sidered as giviug to some extent the cadets'
view of this question, the view taken by the
friends of the first class. I embody those arti-
cles in my remarks, not by any means for the
purpose of justifying the conduct of the first
class, but simply as giving the best apology
that can perhaps be made for them under the
circumstances.
The following is from a communication pub-
lished in the New York World of February 6:
"Ah abstract of the report of the House Military
Committee has already been made public, but with
some of the facts perverted and distorted to suit
partisan purposes, and still others not even men-
tioned. Tne true story I have been at some pains to
ascertain, and in order to properly comprehend it a
few preliminary word* are necessary. Lying, that
meanest and most cowardly of all vices, had lately
been makinggreat headway in the fourth or youngest
class. Day by day this odious poison was extend-
ing, and some of the older cadets feltcalled upon to
check the evil if possible. Tne three 'victims of the
outrage,'as they are pathetically called, hud been
rather well known for very questionable veracity,
and on January 2 their performances brought mat-
ters to a head. On tbat night Cadet Baird left hit
quarters without leave, and was absent from six to
nine, passing the interval at Buttermilk Falls, some
four miles distant, in citizen's clothes. It is thccus-
toin here to treat the cadets as gentlemen who nre
unacquainted with lying, and consequently the sen-
try, when making bis rounds at night, never enters
a room, but calls from the outside. If* all right'
be returned it is understood that the inmates are in
bed, or otherwise properly occupied. Baird's room-
mate, Fiickinsrer, so reported to the seutry. Tne
same cvemug Cadet Barnes also reported 'all right/
and crawling into Faekinger's room through the
back- window passed the evening in his congenial
company. The sentry, however,distrusting appear-
ances, set to work next day, and, ascertaining the
truth, so reported it. The lads were immediately
placed under arrest. Cnarges were preferred with a
view to a court-martial. Baird w*s accused of ab-
sence without le ive, and Barnes and Flickingerof
making false reports to the sentry. It is said that
the two latter would have been dropped from the
rolls after the January examinations for failure in
studies.
"Ttiis case of lying was so flagrant that on the day
of the arrest the first class held.a meeting, but
nothing was then determined upon. At evening
parade, four o'clock, the order of arrest was read
aloud, and at night another meeting held, at which
the course of proceedings was settled. Witk the ex-
ception of lour the whole class, thirty-eight in num-
ber, was involved, one being absent, two in hospital,
and one (Cadet Mansfield, son of the " Veteran Ob-
server,") refusing to act with his comrades. *Divid-
ing into squads the cadets went to the rooms of those
under arrest, meeting no obstacle on the way. The
boys were awakened, ordered to make no noise, and
dress in citizen's clothes. Here Cadet Grant comes
forward. Having some little money, he had borrowed
enough to enable him to act as the almoner of the
party, besides giving Flickmger a citizen's coat of
his own. Providing themselves with lanterns they
left the quarters and went up the mountain in the
direction of Fort Putnam. Going a short distance a
halt was called, the prisoners informed that they
were expelled the Academy for lying, and recom-
mended never to show their faces here again.
When told to go the boys made excellent time to
Buttermilk Falls, where they passed tne night, for,
owing to Cadet Grant's exertions, they had been
provided with sufficient funds. The first class then
gained their quarters >n quiet, the aifair having
occupied only some half an hour.
"The next morning three fourth-class cadets turned
up missing, of course, and were at once reported to
Washington as deserters, by the superintendent. As
such an occurrence could not be kept hushed up, the
facr.s rapidly came to lignt, and Geueral Upton, the
commandant, ordered two members of the first class
to report what had happened. At a meeting held
in tue course of the day, a committee of three was
appointed on the part of the cadets to draw up the
report. This thoy did and submitted it on the 5th.
"When leaving Buttermilk Falls the expelled
cadets sent a messenger for their clothes, which ho
obtained, and separated, Baird going to New York
and the t-vo others to some friends at Poughkeep-
sie. Thence they wrote a statement of the affair,
s-ent it to the superintendent, (General Pitcher,) and
on the 6th were-arrested as deserters. On arriving
at the Academy they found Baird, who had been
brought back from New York. As charges had been
preferred against them—as they had disgraced them-
selves and'their uniform by lying—they were told
that the best thing they could do would be to resign.
This they did, and the resignations being indorsed
by General Pitcher and General Upton with a
recommendation of immediate acceptance, were
accepted at the War Department on the 9th.
"As the Academy officers have been harshly spoken
of for their supposed leniency toward the first class
the reasons for this should be made known. I have
already said tbat lying has become alarmingly prev-
alent here, noristhat the wor3t. It is in many cases
absolutely impossible to punish the offenders. In
twenty-two cases where cadets have been sentenced
to be dismissed twentv-one were restored by orders
from Washington. What wonder, then, when polit-
ical infiuenceavailssomuch.that high-spirited young
men, jealous of the honor of an institution in which
they feel a just pride, should take the law into their
own hands? Moreover, when called upon for an
explanation the cadets replied through their spokes-
man that outraged, honor led them to take that
course, which they now perceived to have been a
mistake. They had acted from the best motives, and
regretted-the commission of their error. Whatever
punishment the superintendent might be pleased to
inflict they would willingly bear, but as they had all
acted together so would they all endure the penalty.
Such was the substance of their reply, and their
manly frankness had the effect it deserved. What-
ever the House committee may intend to recom-
mend, it would be much better to leave the affair as
it stands."
The New York Times of February 12 con-
tains the following editorial:
" The West Point Difficuiiy.—So much has been
erroneously said and written about the recentoccur-
rences at West Point that the public is interested in
knowing the exact facts hearing upon them. They
are these: on the 3d of January three cadets of the
fourth or lowe-t class were placed in arrest, by
order of-the commandant, for the following reasons:
Baird, for being absentfrom his quartersduring part
of the previous night; Flickinger, for reporting 'all
right,' knowing that his room-mate Baird was absent
without authority; and Barnes, for making a false
statement to a sentinel, and under cover of it pay-
ing visits without authority. The offense of the lat-
ter was quite distinct from that of the other two.
Drunkenness had nothing to do with the matter, for
none of the cadets were accused of it, although
Baird tried to escape punishment by declaring that
he was drunk. The proper penalty for drunkenness
is dismissal, though it has been customary to remit
this punishment when the entire class of which the
offender is a member agree to take the pledge of total
abstinence. All the classes at the Academy are now
on pledges except the fourth "class.
"Thefirst class having learned all the facts regard-
ing these three members of the lourth class, and
having other additional proofs of their want of
veracity, held a meeting, and with but two dissenting
voices resolved to administer a lesson to the offend-
ers which would impress upon the entire corps the
necessity and importance of truthfulness. As the
cadets of the liist class have been longest at the
Academy they are looked up to by the rest of tbo
corps, and their action in a great measure determ-
i .es the sentiments of all the graduates. It is also
fair to state that the course taken by the first class
was approved by all the other classes when it was
made known to them There can be no question as
to the motive which prompted theexpulsion of these
cadets. There was no personal animosity or preju-
dice in it", but merely an honest, though mistaken,
endeavor to crush out an evil practice. Whatever
may be the other defects of the officers of the regu-
lar Army,one ot them who is known to be—a liar is
always ostracised by his fellow-officers, and this
feeling is intensified among the young soldiers at
West Point. The good fame of the Academy was
deemed to be at stake if this action of Baird, Flick-
inger, and Barnes was suffered to pass unnoticed.
The first class, therefore, threw themselves inio
the breach, and undertook the vindication of their
Alma Mater.
"The three culprits were quietly visited at mid-
night on Tuesday and directed to clothe themselves
in citizens' dress, and ordered to leave the Academy.
They were led to the Highland Falls road, behind
the barrack, and were bid good by with a caution
never to return, as their trunks would be sent after
them. No violence was used, no disturbance raised,
none of the party wore masks, and there was no dis-
guise.
"This is a simple statement of the facts of the case.
The action of tho cadets was a mistaken effort in be-
half of a good cause, and was no mere boyish freak.
The punishment for this offense was the severest it
was in the power of the superintendent to inflict.
The right of dismissal is vested only in the authori-
ties at Washington, but Colonel Pitcher ordered that
the cadets of the first class should be deprived of all
privileges, and be confined to even narrower limits
than is the case under ordinary circumstances. To
these young men, at a comparatively isolated post, it
is no small matter to be deprived of the right to visit
their friends, and to be debarred from sharing in the
only amusements winter affords, and, moreover, to
be deprived even of the right to ask lor these privi-
leges. Yet the class submit to these restrictions
without a murmur, being now convinced of their
error and of the justice of their sentence. They did
wrong, doubtlessly, but not quite so wrong as the
students who were concerned in the blowing up with
gunpowder at Harvard, or those engaged in tiio
recent riot at Yale, or in the burning of the recita-
tion-room at Dartmouth.
" Discipline has never been better at West Point
than just now. Were any proof of this assertion
needed, we have it in the action of the cadets in
putting out the recent fire in the barracks. In the
language of an eye-witness of their performances
on that occasion, *had you scenthe cadcts fight the
flames at the burning of a portion of the barracks,
at twenty minutes pasttwo o'clock Sunday morning,
when the thermometer was six degrees below zero,
you would have seen in the noiseless, undemonstra-
tive, ice-clad boys some traces of discipline not
found in your great city. Obedient, cheerful, with
frozen feet and hands, the " Kuklux at West Po:ut"
did their duty, as you know they have done in times
past.
"We have no desire to palliate the offense of the
first class, but however, their action may be con-
demned. it was not such as would cast discredit on
their parents, and no father need feel ashamed of
his son for having participated in it, and that is
more than can be said of most students' scrapcs."
In conclusion, I will ask the Clerk to read a
letter from General Pitcher, which I think the
House should hear as a part of his defense.
I take this liberty with the letter of General
Pitcher without consulting him, believing that
it is but due to him that it should go into the
Globe in connection with and as a part of
this debate.
The Clerk read as follows: .
United States Military Academy,
West Point New York, Fcbrumy, 10,1S71.
Sir: As a Representative of Indiana, my native
State, and my own district, I appeal to your sense
of justice, and I invoke your assistance to protect
me from undeserved condemnation, and from parti-
san malevolence. For a period of twenty-five years
I have served the country as an officer of the Army,
filling the several grades from a brevet second lieu-
tenant to that of at,brigadier general; in the war
with Mexico, in the Indian wars, and id the reoel-
lion; performing in the moan time every duty which
an officer may be called upon to execute, and I h. ve
never antil now incurred even the suspicion ot cen-
sure from a superior authority. Having expended
my youth and the prime years of my life in the mil-
itary service, lam now, while maimed and crippled
for all my remaining years, acquainted through the
newspapers of the fact that my hitherto unsuiiied
reputation has been assailed in the House of Itepie-
sentatives as one deserving the censure ot' your hon-
orable body. Sir, I do not shrink from investigation.
I invite, I challenge the closest scrutiny into my
official acts, apd I pray you hear ereyoustrike.
Like every honorable soldier, I have striven in
the hope that I might live to merit the thanks of
your honorable body, and I have never until now
dreamed that any act of mine could incur us cen-
sure. Conscious of the rectitude of my intentions,
and forbidden to appear in my own behalf, I ask
you. now, when West Point is undergoing us annual
periodical attack, to befriend me by asserting tne
truth. I do not expect to avert the consequence of
an error, if suchcan be found, nor do I seek to influ-
ence what may appear to you the proper couise to
liursue; but I do desire that the good opinion of my
friends shall remain unshaken, and the good name
which, as a soldier, I have so long borne shall not
be sacrificed to gratify the enemies of the Military
Academy. I therefore uarrate to you a plain state-
ment of facts for your guidance. I shall not weary
you with details, rendered no doubt familiar to you
by thesub-military committee. Their report, as given
in the Globe, tends strongly to induce the belief,
even in an impartial roind, that the commission came
herewith strong prejudices. Their sitting did not
exceed eight hours, and they leit before the expira-
tion of twenty-four. Although I earnestly entieated
them to examine and investigate everything relat-
ing to the discipline of the Academy, they examined
but four cadets. Armed with full poweis, they failed
to discover the instigators  nd le.iders of the out-
rage, and coolly report that I did not "comprehend
the gravity ot the offense rgain^t military discip-
line," by failing to dismiss the offenders. Tne power
to dismiss is not lodged with me. and general courts-
martial and the powers at Washington have been
able to exclude but one cadet out of twenty-two dis-
missed during the past ten years. Sir, very honor-
able members who urge a dismissal are thr foremost
to besiege the War Depaitment and the President
for revocation of the sentence.
Our story is that of all colleges where boys are edu-
cated. The gunpowder attempt to blow up Harvard
in December, trie riot at Yale, and the firing of a
room at Dartmouth are recent illustrations of this
fact. All that one man could do I did. The first
class did what it is alleged they did; they did it
without passion, prejudice, or disguise, afmiduight,
under the I'uil light of the moon; and they assert
that in no other way could they bo treed from lying
associates. I denounced and deplored the act, and
on the official report of my second in command I
reported theabseut cadets on the morning alter the
occurrence as deserters to tne War Department. As
soon as 1 was acquainted with the facts I reported
them in like manner. I could not arrest the first
class or shut them up closer thtm X did withouutop-
