1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
people of the South, black and white. Why,
then, should we erect a bureau to sell school-
books, from the primer upward, emanating
from a certain quarter of the Uuion, and tend-
ing to possess the minds of the rising geneva
tion with prejudices in favor of or against one
parly or another in the country ? 1 believe this
bureau is intended to be so managed, and I
see ray friend over the way from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] chuckling over the idea that all the
teachers and all the influences and appliances
of this system of education, this educational
bureau, shall be used so as in some way to
prejudice the minds of the rising generation
against the Democratic party and in favor of
the party of moral ideas, the party which has
given rights and liberties to the negroes.
It, is proposed now to raise this fund from
$14,500 to $80,000. Why this increase? Why
should we thus augment the power of this
bureau ? Why should we aggrandize the power
of the Federal Government in this regard? I
have always believed that the old New Eng-
land system, which I was about to commend
when interrupted—the old school-district sys-
tem, which subrogated every thing to i he individ-
ual, which brought, the business of schooling
children down to the very smallest part, of our
polity, which was commended by De Tocque-
ville as the crown of our civil polity—was the
true and genuine system of American educa-
tion. And if the statesmen of Europe are
commending our system of education to their
own people it is because we have succeeded
in educating our people by a system entirely
unlike that which is proposed by this bill.
But, sir, there is a party coming into power,
which, if it does come into power, will regu-
late this bureau by abolishing it. We do not
believe in this bureau system of education.
The fathers of the Republic did not believe in
it. State rights are not sustained in it; State
sovereignty may be. I do not believe in that
doctrine; but 1 believe in the doctrine of self-
government by local communities in those
affairs of their own with which they are best
acquainted. That doctrine, which has always
been advocated by the Democratic party, is
entirely opposed to this great centralizing
system of education.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I trust we shall now have a
vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a few words.
Mr. DAWES. Let us agree, then, to have a
vote after five minutes.
Mr. N1BLACK. I should like first to hear
what the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has to say before I consent to that
airangement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will not
provoke any discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations desires that all
debate shall close in five minutes. Is there
objection?
A1 r. NIB L A C K. I obj ect.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
only to say a few words on the general Subject
of this debate. Wo boast in Massachusetts—
how far truly it is for the House to judge—that
we have the best system of education of any
. State in the Union, sustained fully by the
taxation of our own people, without asking
anything from anybody else, or any advantage
from the General Government. We boast again
tliatwe pays, full share of the taxes of the
Government of the United States.
Now, under these circumstances, 1, as a
Massachusetts man, and my colleagues, who,
1 am glad to say, so far as I know, will vote
with me, are willing to tax ourselves to sup-
poit the Bureau of Education to any extent
that, the House will vote, for the sake of those
parts of our Union that have no system of
education. In my judgment the Bureau of
Education will do Massachusetts, as a State,
no good; but what of that? The whole coun-
try will be benefited and through'tliat Massa-
chusetts will be benefited. We are therefore
quite content, although believing thatVve shall
receive no good except So far as the whole
country is benefited, to vote for this expend-
iture. It is, in my judgment, a necessary ex-
penditure for the country. I would willingly
see it increased to three or four tunes as much
as is now proposed, and I shall cheerfully vote
for the proposition as it stands ; and I know
that in so doing 1 shall be sustained by every
man in Massachusetts. I think that all New
England men sustain the Bureau of Educa-
tion, because we want to benefit the whole
country and bring up the standard of educa-
tion, believing as we do at, home that every
dollar that we pay for education saves ex-
pense in our criminal courts and in the admin-
istration of the criminal law, and is therefore
economy.
Mr. CONNER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. I imagine that lie con-
templates that the money here appropriated
will be honestly expended. Does he not know
that the testimony taken before the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, in the investiga-
tion relative to the Howard case last summer,
established the fact that this very head of this
very bureau took the money appropriated for
the purposes designated in the bill, and, going
South, used it for political purposes?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
not the Freedmen's Bureau. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. CONNER. I refer to this Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Education.
Mr. BQ I'LEIl, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The bureaus
are not at all related to each other.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They are
not even cousins german. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNER. I understand about the
Freedmen's Bureau; but I am speaking about
this very Commissioner.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall agree to
close debate.
Mr. HOAR. I am sure tpy colleague and
the House will allow me to make one state-
ment. If the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Conner] will ask his Democratic colleagues
on the committee, they will both assure him
that there was not any evidence implicating
the head of the Bureau of Education in any
form or manner.
Mr. CONNER. I derived my information
from a gentleman who knows more about this
subject than 1 do.
Mr. ROGERS. It has been stated in the
course of this debate that in none of the States
lying south of the Ohio river has a system of
common-school education been established,
and when gentlemen were pressed to name the
States they failed to do it. Now, I merely rise
to say that the statement is not true in fact;
that there are common schools established in
all the States, so far as 1 know, south. In
many of those States their system is deficient,
I allow; but if you will give us time we hope
to develop systems there which, if not equal to
that of Massachusetts, will not be discredit-
able to us. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. DAWES. I hope now that we shall
have a vote on the amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to allow me to be heard
lor a few moments.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is a member
of the Committee on Appropriations, and I
must yield to him.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to reduce the pay
of the Commissioner $100. Mr. Chairman, I
have no earthly objection if we can for a small
sum of money succeed in having a certain
amount of statistical information upon the
subject of education compiled each year, for
the use of the public and those who feel inter-
ested in the subject of education ; and let that
be the end of it, to appropriate e&cli y&'ar some-
thing for that purpose. But, sir, T opposed
the organization of this Bureau of Education,
for the reason that I believed atthetiine—and
subsequent events have more than 'fivef im-
pressed me with the fact—that the friends of the
proposed bureau or department would nevef
be content to allow it, to be merely an office
for the compilation of evidence on this subject,
but that they had ulterior views wholly incon-
sistent with my views as regards the duly of
the Government on the subject of education,
and indeed on many other subjects.
Why, sir, I recently read an article in one
of the monthly magazines, written bv otie of
the Senators from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] in which he announced the policy that
the Republican party must adopt, in which he
stated that that party must take a new depart-
ure in order to sustain itself in power and to
confer that kind of usefulness upon the coun-
try which he thinks to be necessary. That
new departure,' which he announced as so
necessary for the Republican parly to take, for
the presarvation of the party, as much as any-
thing else, as I construe the article, is to adopt
a system of national education, not only a sys-
tem of national education, but a system of
compulsory education. Now,we can all under-
stand to what such a system as that would lead.
In the first place, it would cost us immense
sums of money; and, in the next place, it
would crush out the common schools of the
several States, a thing which I do not think the
people demand or are prepared to accept.
Sir, we are approaching a crisis in this mat-
ter. Shall we allow this bureau to remain
what it was, a sort of depository of statistics,
or shall we let it go on and become gradually a
great, department of the Government to override
all the others? That is what gentlemen mean
when they talk about the increased usefulness
of this department. Why, sir. these compila-
tions of the Superintendent of the Bureau of
Education, which I admit.are valuahlein them-
selves as mere matters of information, do not
educate anybody. They go into the liahds of
educators; but they have reference mainly to
general matters connected with the resources
of the country, and the success of the several
States in their educational enterprises. Ia
reality they educate nobody. And unless we
intend to go on and make this a great depart-
ment to inaugurate a great national system of
education to lake the place of the systems ot
education in the several States I can see no
special necessity for increasing the appropria-
tions made last year.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will observe
that my amendment directs every increase of
appropriation toward the distribution of in-
formation, and not toward an increase of the
clerical force of the bureau. I hope, there-
fore, that he will support it. And now I ask
unanimous consent that all debate upon this
paragraph may be considered as closed.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Dawes, to amend the clause in
relation to statistics so that it should read as
follows:
Collecting statistics, and writing and compiling1
matter for annual and special reports, and editing
and publishing circulars of information, $10,000.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 73, noes 45.
So the-amendment was agreed to,
Mr. DAWES. I move to furiher amend
this paragraph by inserting after "one clerk,
at SI.400," the words "one translator, at
$1,600."
The amendment was agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 74, noes 42.
Mr. DAWES. I move further to amend by
increasing the amount for stationery irorn $600
to $1,000.
The amendment was agrfeed to,
Mr. DAWES. The aggregate sum at the
