1871.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
stated, as it was supposed at the instance of
one of his classmates." Is this legal or sat-
isfactory evidence? Does it justify or author-
ize the remarkable inference which has been
drawn from it? The gentleman from New
York was a member of the sub-committee, and
with the other members was at West Point
with full power .to compel the attendance of
witnesses and ascertain the truth. If this
statement was well founded, why did he not
prove it instead of resting upon a loose,
vague, and uncertain supposition.
Mr. SLOCUM. One word in reply to that.
I not only proved it, but proved it by the boy
himself. I cannot allow su«h a statement to
go without correction?
Mr. STOUGHTON. The testimony of
Cadet Grant, to which the gentleman refers,
is as follows:
" Question. Speaking about the number of cases ia
which sentences have been remitted, in how many
of these cases have you applied Ifor a remission of
the sentences?
"Answer. Only three, sir.
"Question. What were they?
"Answer. One was the case of Mr. Clark, class of
1868. He was dismissed for going down to Butter-
milk. I wrote a letter to father, but he took no
action upon it. Mr. Johnson remitted it. And the
other two were the cases of Mr. Groom and Mr.
Davenport. I wrote to have their sentences remit-
ted, as they were not guilty of any offense. Their
sentence was remitted to suspension for one year.
" Quest-ion. What were they charged with?
"Answer. Conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman; the specification was for erasing a re-
port. They did not erase it; at least I understood
they did not; and out of the five men who were
court-martialed at that time, three of them for lying,
the two who were not guilty were sentenced to be
dismissed, and only one that was dismissed finally
was afterward proved to be innocent, and that was
Barnps.
" Question. Do you recollect the case of Shortelle?
"Answer. That was another case about which I
wrote. I forgot that.
"Question. You wrote about that?
"Answer. Yps, sir.
"Question. lie was reinstated?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
'* Question. These four cases aro the only ones you
can call to mind?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
It seems that during the four years this
young man has been in the Military Academy
he has written to his father four times in behalf
of his classmates. One of these cases was that
of Cadet Clark, three years ago, during the
administration of President Johnson. It is
expressly shown that General Grant took no
action upon this letter. Mr. Johnson, how-
ever, it seems, from some other cause, remit-
ted the sentence. In the other cases nothing
is shown to indicate what recommendations
were laid before the President or that he acted
in any manner whatever upon the recommend-
ation of his son. The conclusion of the whole
matter is that an academic student wrote to his
father, not a very astonishing thing, after all.
Again, the gentleman is equally unfortunate
in the following statement:
"Every officer, without a single nxception, sum-
moned before the committee, testified to the inju-
rious effect upon the discipline of the Academy
which has resulted from-the constant interference
on the part of the authorities at Washington, the
frequent remission of sentences, and sending back
to the institution boys who had been justly dis-
missed. In view of this evidence, who can believe
that one of these cadets doubted for a moment but
that he would be protected in the'erime that it was
proposed to commit?"
How will the gentleman reconcile this with the
following sworn testimony of General Upton,
the commandant, found on page 30 of the
report:
" By Mr. Sloctjm : „ „
"Question. Don't you think there is a feeling
through the first class that they are safe from pun-
ishment through some cause ?
"Answer. No evidence of that has come to my
knowledge."
Or with the following testimony of Captain
Boynton, post adjutant:
" Question. What is your opinion as to the state of
discipline at the Academy'now? .
"Answer. X think it has been better withm the
last two or three years and within the last twelve
months. I think there has been a better feeling
among the cadets than I have ever known before;
we have had fewer courts-martial, fewer cases of
violations of regulations. They very rarely go to
Buttermilk. The inducements to gs there are re-
moved. Thej; can now go to Cold Spring and New-
burg. There is more indulgence granted them, and
I think they appreciate it. I think there is a higher
state of discipline among them than there has been
formany years."
Or with the following testimony of Lieuten-
ant Marshall, assistant instructor of infantry
tactics, found on page 47 :
"By Mr. Aspeb:
" Question. What is the condition of discipline
here, and how does it compare with former years?
"Answer. I have been on duty here as taetieal
offieer since October 1, 1869, and I think the dis-
cipline is better now than it was at that time. It
has been improving the last six or eight months
considerably, and it is as good as I ever knew it
since I have been an offieer. Of course when I was
a cadet ^ looked at things with a different eye."
The sentences of cadets have been remitted
in many cases under former as well as under
the present Administration. The right to
exercise this discretionary power is given by
express provision of law. It would be strange,
indeed, if all other offenses could be pardoned"
and remitted except the occasional indiscre-
tions of inexperienced boys at the. Military
Academy. There is nothing in our military
jurisprudence or discipline which requires
such a rigid and unbending rule. But, sir,
this question is not properly before us, and
the attempt of my colleague on the committee
to make it an issue here is a departure from
the true intent and design of this investiga-
tion.
Mr. ASPER. Mr. Speaker, I proposed now
to yield two minutes to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] but I do not see
him in his seat.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me two or three minutes.
Mr. ASPER. Yery well; I yield to the
gentleman for two minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, in my opinion,
it is not consistent for Congress to undertake
to govern the school at West Point. The
Government has established regulations, and
Congress has approved them, for the govern-
ment of that school. We unquestionably have
the right to revise any action which takes
place there, and it may be, perhaps, in cer-
tain cases, our duty to do so.
Now, what I have to say in regard to the
case presented by the committee is this: in
respect to the three boys who were driven from
the school the government of West Point has
acted. It has advised them to resign, and so
far as its influence goes they have left, or will
leave, the school. My opinion is that we ought
to revise that action. I think that we ought
to say that those boys ought to be returned if
we know all the facts, that they have done
nothing to justify what is equivalent to an ex-
pulsion from the school. And in regard to the
first class it appears to me that the authorities
of the institution have not acted; they have
not investigated the conduct of those boys.
They have not pronounced, according to the
forms and regulations of the school, a sentence
upon that conduct, whether of approval or con-
demnation. I think we-ought to send back so
much of this case to them, with instructions to
investigate into it, not to seek for leaders or
instigators, but to investigate the conduct of
the class.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask my colleague if
the class has not been placed under arrest?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes; but that
was preliminary to what might be done.
Mr. BANKS. No investigation has been
completed. Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the
course which will be consistent with the dig-
nity of the House and with justice in this case
will be for the House to say that so far as
the officers have required these three boys to
leave that school that action shall be reversed,
and they shall be returned; that if the officers
of the institution have not investigated the
conduct of the first class they shall be directed
to investigate it, and if their judgment shall
not be consistent with justice we shall have
the right and it will become our duty to revise
that action. I hope the House will pursue that
course.
Mr. ASPER. Mr. Speaker, I now yield two
minutes to the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I da not wish
to discuss this question any further, but I must
say that the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Basks] is certainly a very
peculiar one. I cannot understand why it
is that there is so much feeling here in favor
of a reversal of the judgment of'the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs in this matter. The gen-
tleman starts out with the proposition that
Congress shall not do more than revise the
action of the superintendent or commandant
of West Point under the military rules estab-
lished for its government.
Mr. BANKS. I said that we should revise
the action, but we should not anticipate it.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; that is what I
understood the gentleman to say. Now, that
is a strange conclusion to the premises with
which the gentleman starts out; If we have
authority to revise this action and instruct
them what they shall do, I ask what the differ-
ence is between that and a recommendation
as to what shall be done. There is no differ-
ence; it is the same thing precisely. It is not
the exercise by Congress of the power of a
court-martial, but a mere recommendation as
to the views of Congress with reference to the
offense that has been committed, and that an
investigation shall be made. That is exactly
what the committee reports to the House.
They suggest that the leaders shall be ascer-
tained, and that the others shall be put before
a court-martial, and that is all that they under-
take to do.
But, sir, I want to say here that I differ en-
tirely with the theory of the gentleman from
Massachusetts in reference to the power of
Congress over the Military Academy. There
is something in connection with the establish-
ment of that institution that is not generally
known, or which if known has been forgot-
ten. The Military Academy is the creature
of Congress. It was started first by an order,
not by any law, but by a mere order issued by
a military commander for the purpose of in-
structing a few persons that might be collected
together; and from that it grew, by appropri-
ation after appropriation made for that pur-
pose, until finally it was established as an in-
stitution of the Government by act of Congress.
That is the manner in which it was created.
It is the creature of Congress, under the con-
trol and guidance and government of the laws
of Congress, and entirely under their power
and control to-day or at any other time.
Will the gentleman assert here that Congress
has not the power to abolish this Academy
after we have once established it? Does he
assert that? And if we have the power to
abolish it, then we have the right to make the
rules and regulations by which it shall be gov-
erned. We have the right to-day, if we desire
so to do, to pass a joint resolution declaring
that each one of the preceptors and the super-
intendent of that Academy shall be dismissed
from the control of that institution. We have
the power to do that, have we not? And if we
have the power to do that, so far as the super-
intendent and commandant are concerned,
have we not the power to recommend what
shall be done with the disorderly and disobe-
dient cadets under their command ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time for debate has
expired.
Mr. FERRISS. I will withdraw the objec-
tion I made to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to extend for
fifteen, minutes the time for debate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the objestion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I mov 
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
The Question was taken upon the motion to
