1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
collector of internal revenue in California
has actually paid out several thousand dollars
more than he has received. This bill proposes
to pay him the amount he has paid out. It is
the same as the bill which we passed last ses-
sion. It is recommended by the Department.
It was passed unanimously by the Senate. It
was recommended to be reported unanimously
by the Committee of Claims. I would not ask
for any of those bills to night if they were not*
small bills to which there has been no objec-
tion and which ought to be passed. I would
not ask at this hour to bring up any bills about
which there was any dispute.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in the affirmative;) and the bill was
brought before the House and passed.
BRYAN E. YOUNG.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
now move to suspend the rules and pass the
bill (S. No. 939) for the benefit of Bryan R.
Young.
The bill was read. It provides that there
be paid to Bryan R. Young $627 50, the differ-
ence between the amount and value of quar-
termasters' stores taken by the military author-
ities of the United States from him, and $900,
the amount paid by the order of the Quarter-
master General to the said Young on said quar-
termasters' stores, the amount herein directed
to be paid to said Young to be in full satisfac-
tion of his claim against the United States for
such stores.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
merely state that this is the amount recom-
mended bv the agent sent to make'the examina-
tion, and found by the Quartermaster General,
upon examination, to be due.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
having voted in favor thereof) the rules were
suspended, and the bill was passed.
SCHOONER WILLIAM CARLTON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts There
is only one other bill which I desire to have
passed. I move to suspend the rules, and
to pass the joint resolution (S. R. No. 234)
referring to the Court of Claims claims against
the United States for the loss of the schooner
William Carlton.
ri he joint resolution was read.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds hav-
ing voied in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the joint resolution was passed.
COLLECTION OF JUDGMENTS.
Mr. HOTCHK1SS. I desire to put upon
its passage the bill (H. R. No. 2908) to facil-
itate the collection of judgments in favor of
the United States, and for other purposes, in
the State of New York; and I ask the priv-
ilege of saying a few words in explanation.
The bill has already been read in the House.
It was reported unanimously by the Judiciary
Committee. It relates solely to the State of
ISlew York. It is earnestly desired by the
courts there, by the district attorney, and by
the bar. It has been submitted to the lead-
ing men of both political parties, and I have
the written signatures of members of the bar
belonging to both parties in favor of the bill.
I think there can be no objection to it what-
ever. I move to suspend the rules and pass
the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Does the
gentleman wish the bill to be passed without
its being read ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The Clerk will read
the bill, if it is desired. It is of some length.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any bill being
passed without being read.
The bill was read as follows:
Br it enacted, &c., Thatwheneveran execution for
the collection of money issued upon any judgment or
decree of any court of the United States, in favor of
the United States, or any ofiicer thereof, orany other
party shall have been returned unsatisfied, in whole
or in part, by the marshal ot the district in which
the debtor or any of several debtors in such judgment
or decree shall reside, tho court in which such judg-
mentor decreGsb.all have been rendered, or the circuit
or district judge thereof at any time aft ersueh return,
upon proof of such return by affidavit, may make
an order requiring the debtor or debtors in such
judgmentor decree to appear andanswer concerning
his or their property before sach court or judge, or
before a commissioner or a referee, to be designated
in such order, at a time and place therein specified,
within the district to which such execution shall
have been issued. The examination of such debtor
or debtors shall be on oath or affirmation, and wit-
nesses may be required and subpoenaed to appear
and testify upon any proceedings under this act, on
behalf of any party, in thesamo manner as upon the
trial of an issue; and judges, commissioners, and ref-
erees shall have authority to administer oaths and
affirmations in any proceeding under this net with
the same force and effect as 'hough taken in court
upon the trial of an issue. No person shall on such
examination be excused from answering any ques-
tion on the ground that his answer will tend to con-
vict him of any fraud, or conspimey to defraud, or
on the ground that he has made or executed any con-
veyance, assignment, or transfer of his property for
any purpose, but his answers shall not be used as
evidence against him in any criminal proceeding
or prosecution. When the examination shall be
had before a commissioner or referee, the examina-
tions shall be certified by him to the court or judge
making tho order, and the further proceedings
thereon shall be had before such court or judge.
The court or judge may order any property of such
debtor or debtors not exempted from execution,
in the handseitherofhimself orany other person, or
any debt or domand duo or owing to him or them,
to be applied toward the satisfaction of the judg-
ment or decree. The court or judge may also ap-
point, by order, a receiver of tho property, real,
personal, or mixed, ot the debtor or debtors in such
judgmentor deeree. A certified copy of such order
shall be delivered to such receiver, and ho shall
thereupon be vested with the property and effects
of such debtor or debtors, not exempt from execu-
tion, from the time of the filing and recording with
the proper clerk of the order lor his appointment;
and in addition to all the powers and authority of
receivers appointed by tho court in suits brought by
creditors' bill in equity, such receiver shall have
such other powers and authority as the court or
judge shall by order specially confer, and such as
shall bo established by the rules of the eourt, and
such receiver shall give such security as the court or
judge shall direct; and the court or judge uiay
authorize the commencement and prosecution of
suits and proceedings by such receiver to reco\er
from any persons the property of such debtor or
debtors, or any debt or demand due to him or them,
or to reach and apply any property real or personal,
or any chose in action, being fraudulently con-
veyed or assigned or transferred by such debtor or
debtors, or held in trust for such debtor or debtors,
or in respect to which any equity or trust in favor
of said receiver, or of the United States or other
party as such creditor, shall arise or exist; and
the court may order the debtor or debtors in such
judgment or decree to assign and convey bis or their
property, interests, and rights in property, real, per-
sonal, or mixed, to such receiver, in such manner as
shall by order be directed; and said court or judge
may also at any time by order forbid a transferor
other disposition of any property of such debtor or
debtors not exempt from execution, or any inter-
ference therewith, until the further order of such
court or judge. Any party, person, or witness who
bhall disobey any order of the court or judge duly
served, or who shall refuse to answer.any question
pertinent to such examination when directed bytbe
court, judge, commissioner, or referee to make such
answer, may bo punished by the court or judge as
for a contempt and may be brought before such
court or judge for that purpose by any order or pro-
cess used in other proceedings to punish for con-
tempts. The court or judge may allow to the United
States, or other party to such examination, witnesses'
fees and fees of officers, and a fixed sumnotexeeed-
ing fifty dollars in addition as costs; and the district
atto ney of the United States, for conducting such
proceedings, shall be allowed live-per cent, upon all
money* collected or realized thereby, which shaHbe
in addition to other compensation now allowed him
by law; and thecommissioners and referees shall be
allowed for examinations under this act the same
compensation as is or may be allowed such officers by
law for attending and hearing or deciding on crim-
inal charges. AJi orders made under this act by any
court or judge shall be filed and entered of record by
the propcrclerk.nnd shnltforall purposesbedeemed
records of the court; and tho circuit judge in each
circuit may make such rules to carry out and regu-
lateproceedings under this act, and define the powers
and duties of receivers, as shall be deemed expedient
or necessary: and the same shall be rules tor the
several courts m which such proceedings may be had.
The provisions of this act shall apply to all cases
where executions have been returned unsatisfied
before this act shall take effect; but the remedy
herein provided shall not be construed as repealing
any other mode of enforcing j udgments now practiced
in the different districts of the United States.
Sec. 2. And beitfurthet enacted, That if any per-
son shall willfully swear falsely in any proceeding,
or on any examination before any court, judge, com-
missioner, or referee, under the first section of this
act, he shall be deemed guilty of perjury,,and, on
conviction thereof before any court having jurisdic-
tion of the offense, shall be punished by imprison-
ment for not le s than one nor more than five years,
or by fine not exceeding $1,000, or by both such fine
and Imprisonment.
Sec. 3. And be xt further enacted, That all suits,
actions, appeals, and prosecutions now pending,
or hereafter brought, in any of the courts of tho
southern district ot New York, in which the United
States are or may be a party on the record or in in-
terest, or in which any officer of the United States,
or person sued for any act done while such officer, is
or may be a party, shall be entitled to a preference
on the calendars of such courts, and may be moved
for trial or hearing by the attorney or counsel for
the United States or such officer or person, out of
their order on the calendar of either of such courts;
and all such civil actions, suits, and appeals may bo
noticed for trial or hearing, and placed on the calen-
dar ofsuch courts, and moved for trial or hearing by
either party thereto ; and when the United States or
such officer or person shall be a party defendant in
any such suit, actiou, or appeal, a verdict or judg-
ment, as the case may be, may be taken by default
against the plaintiff on such trial or hearing, on due
proof of notice of trial, and on failure of such plain-
tiff to appear and move therein.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the commis-
sioners of the circuit and district courts of the United
States shall each havepowerincriminal proceedings
and prosecutions pending for examination before
thein to take the bond or recognizance, with suffi-
cient surety or sureties, of any person charged with
an offense not capital, for the appearance of such
person from time to time pending such examination
before such commissioners, and for his appearance
to abide the final order made by such commissioner,
which bond or recognizance shall be offull force and
effect, if in substantial compliance with this section,
without regard to any defect of form, until such per-
son shall have been dischaiged by such commissioner,
or shall have complied fully with the final order of
such commissioner or been committed and surren-
dered to the marshal to await his trial. Such coin'
raissioncrs may also take bonds or recognizances with
sufficient sureties, except in capital offenses, from
any person charged with any offense who shall be
held for trial or examination before them, or who
shall appear and waive examination, and shall com-
mit for trial any such person in default of bail; and
after committing any person for trial, or taking bond
or recognizance for his appearance at court to answer
any indictment or information, no commissioner
shall have power to reopen oreontinue such examin-
ation or reconsider the question of bail therein with-
out the npplicationin writingof thedistriet attorney
of the United States requesting that the same be
done. Whenever any breach or default in the con-
dition of any bond or recognizance taken by any
commissioner lor the appearance of a party from
time to timcshall have occurred, it shall he the duty
of such commissioner forthwith to deliversuch borfd
or recognizance to the district attorney of the district
in which such examination was pending, with his
certificate of the breach or default, aud all particulars
touching tho same, and the offense of tho party ac-
cused, and the said district attorney shall prosecute
the bond or recognizance without delay in ail cases
where the bleach or default shall appear to be a sub-
stan.ial one, or where the accused shall not have
been surrendered on such charge to the marshal of
the district before such prosecution shall be com-
menced. All bonds and recognizances taken before
a commissioner for tho appearance of any accused
party at any term.toanswerany indictment or inform-
ation or abide the order of any court, shall beforth-
with returned by such commi>sioner to the clerk of
the court at which such appearance is to be made,
who shall file the same in his office, and thereupon
tho same shall become a record of tho said eourt.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That whenever
a breach or default shall occur or be made in the
condition of any bond or recognizance taken after
the passage or this act, by any court, judge, or com-
missioner, for the appearance of any party at any
term of the court, or to appear to answer any indict-
ment or information, or to abide trial upon any in-
dictment or information, or in the condition of any
bond or recognizance taken by any court or officer
after indictment, or on arrest by bench warrantor
other process issued by theepurt, or on any continu-
ance or adjournment of any proceeding or trial of
any indictment or information, either to a future
tei'm of the court or from day to day of the same
term, or to appear to receive judgment of the court
or any sentence or order of the court that might be
made in the premises, i t shall be the duty of the dis-
trict attorney to move, in open court, at the term or
session at which such breach or default shall occur,
or at the succeeding term, that such bond or recog-
nizance be brought into coui t by the said clerk, and
that the party and his sureties be called, and that
such bond or recognizance be declared by the court
to be estreated and forfeited both by the principal
and sureties; and thereupon the said party and his
sureties shall be called in open court, and upon \[heir
failure to answerupon such call, or upon the failure
ofsuch sureties to show satisfactory cause why their
principal is not produced, the court shrill adjudge
that the said bond or recognizance is forfeited.
SbC.6. And be it fm titer enacted", That whenever any
criminal prosecution shall be pending before a com-
mission or for any offense punishable solely by a tin e
not exceedmgaspecified sura, and the defendant smalt
ofter to pay such fine to the amount, so specified, in
preference togiving bail for his appearance at couit,
the said commissioner, with consent oi tue United
States attorney, may receive such fine raid discharge
sueh defendant, and thereupon: thesaid fine shall be
forthwith paid cither to the clerk of the circuit or
district court, and such court pHall proceed upon
suggestion of the facts by the United states attor-
ney to dispose of said money m the samo manner as
though the same had been imposed as a fine by the
said court. And hereafter the fees of commissioners
