THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
for attending and hearing or deciding criminal
charges shall be five dollars for each and every
hearing had in each case; Provided, That not exceed-
ing four hearings in any one case shall be charged
or allowed for.
Sec.7. And be it further enacted. That this act
shall apply only to courts in the State of New York.
Mr. FOX. Would it be in order to offer an
amendment to make ths bill apply to all the
States ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
FIELD.) It would not.
Mr. FOX. Being intended as a special law
for one State, I hope it will be voted down by
the House.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. At the suggestion of
several members I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is
not in order. The question is on the motion
to suspend the ruled and pass the bill.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hotcekiss] has risen, not to debate the bill,
but to offer an amendment. I suppose that is
in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is 011 suspending the rules and passing
the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. But the gentleman from
New York desires to modify the bill before
moving to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That may
be done.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move the following
amendment:
After the word " costs," in line eighty-one, strike
out down to and including the word "law," in line
oighty-five; as follows:
And the district attorney of the United States
for takiug such proceedinnsshitll be allowed live per
cent, upon at! moneys collected or realized thereby,
which shall be in addition to other compensation
now allowed him by law.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask if this bill
Las been printed ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It has.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether this bill does not sweep away the
entire right of exemption of homesteads and
personal property in the State of New York
by process and proceedings in the United
States courts ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will answer the ques-
tion by saying that this conforins the practice
in the United States courts in collecting judg-
ments to the practice in the State courts that
we have had for nearly thirty years ; and that
meets the approbation of every member of
the bar in the State.
Mr. FOX. I object to debate.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman has not
answered the question I asked him, whether
this bill sweeps away all the exemptions in
the State of New York.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I would
like to ask the gentleman from New York a
question.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Certainly.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Is it not
the law now that the United States courts
may follow as far as practicable the practice of
the respective States in which they are located?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Yes.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Why, then,
is it necessary to pass this special bill for the
State of New YotTs?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Because neither the
State of New York nor any other State has
the right to adopt this proceeding in lieu of a
bill in equity.
Mr. FOX. I object to debate.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Well, I move to sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill.
The question was put, on supending the
rules; and there were—ayes 75, noes 56.
Mr. HOTCHKISS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hotchkiss
and Mr. Conger were appointed.
While the House was dividing,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, said: I wish
to inquire if one of the offenses alleged against
us in New York is permissible here—I mean
repeating? [Laughter.]
 IK, of Texas.
It is a New York
Mr. CLAR;
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire if the
enforcement bill is in force here? I have seen
gentlemen vote more than once. I state that
on my honor as a Representative.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is no use
attempting to make a quorum by members
repeating their votes in passing between the
tellers.
The House having divided, the tellers
reported 74 in the affirmative and 42 in the
negative; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONGER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 87, nays 73, not voting 80 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong. Banks, Barry,
Benton. Bingham, Booker, George M.Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Butiinton, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
It. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sid-
ney Clarke, Amasa CobT), Cowles, Cullom, Dawes,
Dickey, Kla. Ferriss, Perry, Fisher, Garfield. Hale,
Hiimilton, Hawley, Heflin, Hoar, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotch kiss. Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kerr, Lnfliri, Long.Loughridge,Maynard. McCarthy,
McGrcvv, Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth. Packard, Packer, Halbert-E.
Paine. Palmer, Phelps, Pnmeroy, Porter, Prosser,
Rainey, Sawyer, Scolield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Strong, Sypher, Tanner. Till-
man, Townsend, Twichell. Tyner, Upson,Van Wyck,
Wallace. William B. Washburn. Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, Witcher, and Wolf—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Arnell, Asper, Atwood,
Ayer, Bearnan, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boles,
J ames Brooks, Burchard, Burdett, Calkin, Conger,
Conner, Crebs, Doekery, Donley, Dox, Duke, Eld-
ridge, Finkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Gilfillan. Haight,
italdeman, llambleton, Hamill, Harris, Hay. Hill,
Ilolmun, Thomas L. Jones, La.sh, Lawrence, Lewis,
Manning.^ Marshall, McCortnick, McKenzie, Mc-
Necly, William Moore, Morey, Morgan, Morrissey,
William W. Paine, Peck, Perce, Piatt, Poland, Price,
Reeves, Rice, Sargent, Schumaker, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Sllcrrod, Slocum, Stoughton, Strader, Strick-
land, Swann, 'Xa.itc, Taylor. Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, and
Wells-M.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler,
Axtell, Bailey, Barnuin, Benjamin, Bennett, Be-
tiiune, Blair, Bowcn, Boyd, Burr, Cake, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Cook. Corker, Cox, Dar-
rall, Degcner, Dickinson, Joseph Dixon, Nathan P.
Dixon, Duval, Dyer. Farnsworth. Fitch, Gibson,
Griswold, Hawkins, Hays, Hoge, Ingersoll, John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Ketcham, Knapp,
Knott. Logan, Lynch, Mayham, McCrary, McKee,
Milncs, Eliakim H. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P.
Morrill, Mungen, Neglev, Newsham, Niblack,
Peters, Potter, Randall, Rogfcrs, Roots, Sanford,
Sliober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stiles, Stokes, Stone. Sweeney, Van Horn, Voorhees,
Ward, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson,
Kugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—80.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
PENSIONS, ETC., TO WOMEN.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present and have referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands a memorial, which
I desire to have printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The following is the memorial:
To the honorable Senate and
Ilouie of liepresentatives of the United States ;
Believing in the right of women citizens to be
heard, your memorialist would most respectfully
pray the Congress of the United States to hear the
representative of the women who labored for the
sick and wounded during the late war, and grant
unto them the same bounties, the same grants of
land, and the same pensions that the United States
Government is giving to the men of the United
States who served their country as soldiers in the
late war.
Respectfully submitted:
MARY E. WALKER, M. D.
Washington, D. C„ February 28,1871.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order to pass a bill defining swamp
and overflowed lands.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that all selections of swamp and overflowed
lands heretofore made and reported to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, so far
as the same remain undisposed of by patent or
by statute confirmation, which are shown in the
greater part of each smallest legal subdivision
not to be swamp and overflowed lands to such
an extent as to render them unfit for cultiva-
tion in their natural condition at any period of
the year, or which may be valuable for grazing
or other agricultural purposes, without reclam-
ation, shall be excluded from patent as swamp,
and restored to the public domain by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. The
second section provides that where selections
of swamp lands may hereafter be made, under
any act of Congress heretofore enacted, the
actual condition of the lands thus selected, at
the date of selection, and at all times of the
year preceding their selection, must be shown
by the testimony of at least three credible and
disinterested witnesses under oath. The third
section provides that where lands selected as
swamp, or which may hereafter be selected as
swamp, are disposed of under any law of the
United States, or to which any adverse right
may be attached under any law of the United
States prior to the issuing of patent under the
swamp grant, such disposition shall be con-
sidered as prima fade establishing the arable
condition of the lands disposed of as afore-
said, and they shall be accordingly rejected
as swamp and stricken from the swamp
lists; provided that such disposition shall
not preclude the investigation hereinafter pro-
vided for, ynless they have been patented.
The fourth section provides that to enable the
Commissioner of the General Land Office the
better to carry out the objects of this act,
he is hereby authorized, whenever in his judg-
ment it is deemed necessary, or on the applica-
tion of parties desiring the same, upon satis-
factoiy showing that the same is necessary, to
order investigations respecting the character
of lands alleged to be swamp, which investiga-
tions shall be at the expense of the parties
making the application. The fifth section pro-
vides that all questions or controversies re-
specting the true character of lands which may
be claimed as swamp and overflowed shall be
heard before the register and receiver of the
proper land office, subject to the right of appeal
to the General Land Office, and not, as hitherto,
by the surveyor general; and such register and
receiver shall have power to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses by process in the same man-
ner as witnesses are compelled to attend upon
courts of record in these and other land con-
tests; provided, that nothing contained in this
act shall be construed to abrogate any right con-
ferred by the act entitled"An act to quiet land
titles in California," approved July 23, 1866.
The sixth section provides that this act shall
not apply to any lands which may have been
sold to actual settlers prior to the passage of
this act by any State of the Union as swamp
and overflowed lands; but all such lands shall
be patented to the respective States; and when
lands have been listed to any State as swamp
lands and have been purchased of said State, a
patent shall issue for said lands to said State for
the benefit of said purchasers; provided, that
when the amount sold to any settler or pur-
chaser shall exceed six hundred and forty acres,
the excess over such amount shall be subject to
the provisions of this act; and provided further,
that nothing herein contained shall authorize
or legalize the sale of any lands to which any
valid preemption or homestead right has here-
tofore attached.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask leave to make one
word of statement in reference to this bill.
Mr. CONGER. I object to any statement,
unless the subject is open to discussion.
Mr. JULIAN. It is a carefully studied bill,
and if it shall become a law, it will save to the
nation millions of acres of the public land from
the clutches of monopolists.
Mr. CONGER. I object to debate.
