1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
The question was on the motion to suspend
the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. On that motion I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered 5 and Mr. Julian and
Mr Conger were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 75, noes 55.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. J (JLJ AN call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—ayes 97, nays 60, not voting 83 ; as fol-
lows :
YE AS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Bankb, Bearaan, JJeatty, Benton, Bethune, Biggs,
Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Benjamin F. Butler Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
(Jburchili, William T. Ciark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Cowles, Cullom, Dickey, Box, 151a, Farns-
•worth, Ferriss, Finkehiburg, Fisher. Garfield, G-ilfil-
lan, llaight, llale, Hamilton, Ilawley, Hill, Hoar,
Holman, Holmes, Hooper, Jenckes, Julian, Keliey,
Kellogg, KeUey, ICetcham, Laflin. Lavvrence, Long,
MayuarU, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew. Mercur,
Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Haibert E.
Paine. Palmer. Peck, Phelps. Piatt, Pomeroy, Pros-
ser, liainey. Randall, Sargent, Scolield, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Strickland, Strong, Swann,
Tanner, Tillman, To wnsend,Twicheil,Tyner, Upson,
Van Wyck. William B. Washburn, Welker. Wells,
Williams, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and Wolf—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Asper.Atwood. Ay er, Barry. Beck,
Bird, Boles, Booker, Bowen, Buck, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Calkin, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Crebs, Deg-
ener, Dockery, Duke, Ferry, <ietz, (j-riswoid, Halde-
man, liamili, Harris, Heflin, Alexander 11. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lash, Lewis, Loughridge,
Manning, Marshall, McKenzie, McNeely, Morey,
Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Perce, Poland, Porter,
Reeves, Rice, Lionel A. Sheldon, Stiles, Stoughton,
Strader, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Willavd. and Young—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer,
Axtcli, Bailey, Barnum, Benjamin, Bennett, Blair,
Boyd, James Brooks, Burr. Cake, Cleveland, Clinton
L. Cobb. Cook, Corker, Cox. Darrall, Dawes, Dick-
inson. Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Eldridgo, Fiteh, Fox, Gibson, Ilainble-
ton, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll. Johnson, Judd, Knapp, Knott, Logan, Lynch,
Mayham, McCormick, McKee, Milnes, Eliakim II.
Moore, Morphis. Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, New-
sham, Niblack, William W. Paine, Peters, Potter,
Price, Rogers, Roots, Sanford. Sawyer, Schuraaker,
Sherrod, Shobcr, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone, Sweeney,
Voorhees, Wallace, Ward, Wheeler, Whiteley,Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Win-
chester, Wood, and Woodward—83
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
nicholas trist.
Mr. BANKS. On behalf of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, so as to take from the Speaker's table
and pass Senate bill No. 1068, for the relief of
Nicholas Tristj the negotiator of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The bill, which was read, provides for pay-
ing to Nicholas P. Trist, the negotiator of the
treaty 0/Guadalupe Hidalgo, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $18,762 40, being balance due on
account of salary, outfit, and return allow-
ance, as commissioner to Mexico, from April
15,1847, to April 18, 1848, with interest on the
above sum from March 7, 1870, the date of pre«
sentmentof his petition; and the further sum
of $797 50, for contingent expenses incurred,
with interest thereon from April 8, 1848.
Mr. BANKS. The committee propose to
amend the bill by striking out all that relates
to interest, which is computed to amount to
some $2,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules;
and I ask consent of the House to make a
brief statement of the facts. Mr. Trist was
in 1847 appointed a commissioner by Mr.
Buchanan, then Secretary of State, and was
instructed to negotiate a treaty for a lasting
peace with Mexico. He executed that treaty.
The treaty with Mexico bears the name of no
American except Mr. Trist. He is now sick
and poor. Before the negotiation was com-
pleted he was recalled by the State Depart-
ment 
Several members objected to debate.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution
with an amendment striking out the provision
for payment of interest, there were—ayes 66,
noes 32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 84, noes 34,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 71, not voting
91; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Archer, Asjrer, Ayer, Banks, Barry,
Biggs, Binaham, Bird, Bowen, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buffinton, Burdett. Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Conner, Cowles, Degener, Dox,
Duke, Ferriss. Getz, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton,
Harris, Hoar, Holmes, Hooper, Alexander II. Jones,
Thomas L, Jones, Judd, Keiiey, Kellogg. Kerr, Long,
Loughridge, Mayham, Maynard, McKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Jesse H. Moore, Morey, Morrissey, Mungen,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, William W. Paine, Palmer,
Peters, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Rainey, Reeves, Rice,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Strader, Swann, Sypher,
Taffe, Tanner, Twichell, Van Auken, Van liorn,
Wells, Eugene M.Wilson, and Young—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Armstrong, At-
wood, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Booker, Buckley,
Burchard, Chuichill, Amasa Cobb, Coburn. Conger,
Crebs, Dockery, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Griswold, llaight,
Haldeman, Hamill, Hay, Heflin, Hill, Holman,
Jenckos, Kclsey, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall,
McCarthy, McCrary, Mercur, William Moore, Daniel
J. Morrell, Packard,Packer, HalbertE.Pame, Peck,
Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Sargent,
Sawyer.Scofi eld. Shanks, Steven?, Stoughton, Strong,
Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Tvner, Upson, Van
Wyck, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker,
Wiliard, Williams, John T.Wilson, and Witcher—71.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett,
Bethune, Blair, Bides, Boyd, Buck, Burr, Cake,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Corker, Cox,
Cullom, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F.D^xon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Eld-
ridge, Fitch, Fox, Oibson, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays,
Hoge. Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Julian, Ketch-
am, Knapp, Knott, Laflin. Logan, Lynch, Manning,
McCormick, MoGrew, McKee, Miines, Eliakim H.
Moore, Morgan. Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Neg-
ley, Newsham, Niblack, Perce, Piatt, Rogers, Roots,
Sanford, Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Sho-
ber, Joseph S.Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stone, Strickland, Sweeney, Trim-
ble, Van Trump, Voorhees, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkin-
son, Winans, Winchester, Wolf, Wood, and Wood-
ward—91. '
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
albert ii. daniels.
Mr. ELA. I move to suspend the rules, in
order to pass at this time a bill (II. R. No.
1556) for the relief of Albert H. Daniels,
surviving partner of Daniels & Co. This is a
claim for only $117; and it has the unanimous
approval of the Committee of Claims.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Albert
H. Daniels, of Manchester, New Hampshire,
surviving partner of the late firm of Daniels
& Co., $117 09" in full for snppli-es and wares
furnished by Daniels & Co. to the seventh
regiment New Hampshire volunteer infantry
during its encampment at Manchester.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes 48, noes 56.
Mr. HAY. I call for the yeas and nays on
this question.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to be heard on
this bill for not more than two minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] asks unanimous
consent to be heard. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, this bill is
a very small matter indeed to this House and
to the Government, and it is not a very large
matter to the claimant. He is a gentleman
living in my district j and I will state the cir-
cumstances under which these supplies were
furnished. The colonel of a New Hampshire
regiment, now a Senator of the United States,
organized his regiment at Manchester in the
winter of 1861-62.
Mr. PETERS. On the lee? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; and I want to say to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] who
is interested in all questions connected with
the war, that a distinguished gentleman, now
a member of this House from Massachusetts,
came up there during the war with this very
regiment, in the depth of winter, and had his
ears frozen on that occasion. Gentlemen want
to know what these supplies were.
Mr. PETERS. Name him.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall not name him unless
I have a pledge from this House that this bill
shall go through. [Laughter.]
Several Members. Name him.
Mr. STEVENS. I will name him after the
bill is passed. Mr. Speaker, this outlay was
for straw for the soldiers. It did not come
within the regulations. I now hope we will
have a suspension of the rules and a passage
of the bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
102, noes 19.
Mr. HAY demanded the yeas and nays, and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the bill
passed.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
New Hampshire has promised to name the
general from Massachusetts to whom he has
referred. He has not done so, and we should
rescind our action in passing the resolution.
leavenworth and galveston railroad.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to sus-
pend the rules and pass Senate joint resolution
No. 194, to enablethe Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Railroad Company to relocate
a portion of its road, with an amendment.
The joint resolution provides that the Leav-
enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company, for the purpose of improving its
route and accommodating the country, may
relocate any portion of its road within the
limits of its land-grant, but not to enlarge or
diminish the same.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that, and I
call attention to the following:
The Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Fort Gibson
Railroad Company, now Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Railroad Company, was incorporated
on the 12th day of February, A. D. 1858, (Laws of
Kansas, 1858, p. 139,1 the terminal points being Leav-
enworth and Fort Gibson.
On the 3d of March, A. D. 1863, an act of Congress
was passed (12 United States Statutes, p. 772) grant-
ing lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of that, among other roads, which act
reserved a large part of the lands until the comple-
tion of the road, and provided that unless the road
and all its branches were completed by the 3d day
ot March, 1873, the land so reserved should revert to
the Government; but if completed at that time, the
lands should be sold for the benefit of the company.
On the9th day of February, 1864, the State accepted
the above grant of lands, and by the same aet(Laws
1864. p. 149) the State agreed to grant the lands to the
Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Fort Gibson Railroad
Company, in consideration ot the construction of the
road from Leavenworth to the southern line of the
The provisions of this act of February 9,1864, were
accepted by the said railroad company on the 12th
of March, 1854, and their written acceptance filed in
the office of the Secretary of State on the 25th of
May, 1864.
On the 23d of February, 1866, the State (by an act
of the Legislature of that date) set apart one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand acres of the land
owned by the State under the act of Congress, 1841,
to be sold for the benefit of this railroad company
to aid in the construction of its road. (Laws ol lstt>,
p. 142.) . ,r
The object of the bill now pending m the House is
to enable the railroad companies to procure the lands
without completing their roads. Ihe following is a
copy of section four of the act of Congress ol 1863:
44 Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thi.it the lands
hereby granted to said Stat© shall bo disposed ot by
said State only in manner following, that is to sa> :
when the Governor of said State should certify to
the Secretary of the Interior that any twenty con-
