1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
this bill because it was prepared in the Treas-
ury Department. Whatever is right in respect
to regulations of commerce of this description
should be adopted, wherever it was prepared
and wholly without reference to where it was
prepared; but I am at a loss to hear from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr, Negley]
any suggestion as to why, the provisions of the
bill which havebeen reported by fhefcpommit-
tee on Commerce should not be adopted ex-
cept that they were prepared in the Treasury
Department and that some of his constituents
object to them. He has given us no reason
whatever upon which we can judge as to why
we should adopt the change he has recom-
mended by his amendment, providing that for
every increase of a hundred tons in a vessel
there shall be an additional amount of force-
pump put in her. Now my colleague, [Mr.
Calkins,] who comes from a ship-building
district in New York, who was himself con-
nected with that trade and has practical ex-
perience in reference to it, tells me that the
provisions of this bill conform to the provis-
ions which have been long in use and which
have been found to be those wisest in respect
to this matter. I shall therefore adhere, and
I say I trust the House may, to the provisions
of the bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. I state in reply that I have
merely said that the amendment which I offered
was in conformity to the suggestion of ship-
owners and shipmasters in my district, and as
we proceed I shall give the reasons for every
amendment which I shall offer.
The question was taken on Mr. Negley's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That no loose
hay, loose cotton, or loose hemp, eamphene. nitro-
glycerine. naphtha, benzine, benzole, coal oil, crude,
or refined petroleum, or other like explosive burn-
ins fluids, or like dangerous article, shall be carried
as freight or used as stores on any steamer carrying
passengers; nor shall baled cotton or hemp bo carried
on such steamers, unless the bales are-compactly
pressed and thoroughly covered with bagging or
similar fabric and secured with good iron bands; and
every bale of cotton or hemp that shall be shipped
or carried on any passenger steamer without con-
forming to the provisions of this section shall be
subject to a penalty of five dollars, one half to the
informer; which bales shall be liable to seizure and
sale to secure the payment of suoh penalty. Nor
shall gunpowder be carried on any such vessel, ex-
cept in case of special license granted by inspectors,
as hereinafter provided; nor shall oil of vitriol, nitric
or other chemical acids, be carried on such steamers,
except on the decks or guards thereof, or in such
other safe part of the vessel as shall be prescribed
by the inspectors. Refined petroleum which will
not ignite at a temperature less than 110° Fahren-
heit thermometer may be carried on board such
steamers upon routes where there is no other prac-
tical mode of transporting it. and under such reg-
ulations as shall be prescribed by the board of super-
vising inspectors, with the approval of theSecretary
of the Treasury; and oil or spirits of turpentine may
be carried on any such steamer, when the same shall
be put up in good metallic vessels, or in casks or bar-
rels, well and securely bound with iron, and stowed
in a secure part of the vessel; friction matches may
also be carried on such steamers, when securely
packed in strong, tight chests or boxes, the covers
of which shall be well secured by locks, screws, or
other reliable fastenings, and stowed in a safe part
of the vessel, at a secure distance from any fire or
heat; and all such other provisions shall be made
on every steamer carrying passengers or freight to
guard against and extinguish fire as shall be pre-
scribed by the board of supervising inspectors and
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Treasury may grant
permission to the owner of any vessel for the use of
any invention or process for the utilization of petro-
leum or other mineral oils or substances in the pro-
duction of motive power; and he shall have power
to make and enforce regulations concerning the ap-
plication and use of the same for such purpose, and
no permission shall be granted unless upon certifi-
cate of the supervising inspector of steamboats for
the district wherein the said vessel is registered, and
other satisfactory proof that the use of the same is
safe and efficient; and upon such proof of approval,
and such certificate by the Secretary of the Treasury,
special license for the use of any such process or
invention as aforesaid shall issue under the seal of
the Treasury Department.
Mr. BOLES> I move to amend that sec-
tion by striking out in the seventh and eighth
lines the words " and thoroughly covered with
bagging or similar fabric."
While I am as anxious as any member of
the Committee on Commerce to have some
bill passed for the protection of life on our
western waters, I am at the same time anxious
to protect the interests of our farmers, those
who are shipping cotton. By the provisions
of this section- each and every bale of cotton
that is not thoroughly wrapped up in bagging,
bagging composed of hemp, is to forfeit five
dollars for each time that it is found to be torn
by the deck hands or by any accident. This
would work a great hardship, and it seems to
me it would not at all lead to the protection of
lives of passengers on steamboats. When a
bale of cotton is bound by iron bands it is then
secure against fire; for you may set fire to a
well-pressed bale of cotton bound with iron
bands and it will burn for months without
doing harm to anything about it. Therefore,
if we provide that these bales shall be bound
by iron bands, we will have done all that is
necessary to secure the lives of passengers
from fire. What is the sense of providing for
covering up cotton bales with hemp? This
bagging is made of hemp ; and the only rea-
son that the farmer has been in the habit of
putting this bagging around his cotton bale is
that it protects the cotton from dirt, in order
that it may sample well. I hope, therefore,
that this amendment will prevail, which I have
offered in the interests of our farmers.
Mr. CONGER. I can see no reason why
this amendment should prevail. If there is
any one thing which it is necessary to guard
from the approach of fire it is cotton, loose
cotton and cotton bales, scattered over the
decks of our western steamboats, exposed as
they are to sparks from steamboats as they
pass up and down the river. There is no rea-
son why we should not require cotton bales to
be covered with proper bagging and properly
bound, as has heretofore been done, and the
neglect to do which has caused so much loss
of life and property.
Mr. BOLES. I desire to state just this fact.
By this section as it now stands our farmers
will be compelled to cover up their cotton,
hemp, or hay, with hemp bagging. Now, hemp
bagging will ignite as readily and burn as rap-
idly as the cotton itself or the hay or hemp in
bales. All the protection that we need is to
provide that these bales shall be securely
bound in iron, for when so bound they will
not catch on fire. There has not occurred
upon the western waters any such accident to
bales so bound in iron, for if they are bound
with iron bands and then ignited they will
burn for months without breaking open as when
bound with rope. When bound with rope the
ropes burn in two, and the bale of cotton or
hemp or hay flies apart and produces an
extension of fire on the vessel.
Mr. POTTER. I am assured by a gentle-
man who is well acquainted with this matter
that cotton uncovered by bagging will ignite
and burn much more freely than when cov-
ered by bagging as proposed by this bill. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stradek] near
me, who I understand is largely engaged in
the forwarding business, informs me that the
companies there will not take these boles when
uncovered with bagging, because they are so
liable to ignition.
Mr. CONGER. Let us have a vote.
Thequestion was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Boles ; and there were nine
in the affirmative.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. ROOTS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Poitek and
Mr. Boles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were ayes twenty-five, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
this section by striking out the words "one
half to the informer" after the words "penalty
of five dollars."
Mr. CONGER. I will not object to that.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I want to say
one word. This same amendment will apply
to several other sections of this bill. There
are various penalties prescribed in this bill,
from five dollars up to five thousand dollars,
one half of which is to go into the Treasury and
the other half to the informers. My propo-
sition is to strike out "one half to the in-
former," so as to leave it to the officers of the
law to enforce the penalty. I understand the
gentleman to accept this amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I do not object to the
amendment to this section. I do not consent
to it to all the other sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move to amend by in-
serting the words "rope or" after the words
"secured with " and before the words "good
iron bands," so that it will read " unless the
bales are compactly pressed and thoroughly
covered with bagging or similar fabric and
secured with rope or good iron bands." My
object in offering this amendment is simply
thia: iron bands are of recent origin, and a
large proportion of planters in the South are
still in the habit of using rope for baling their
cotton. I do not want to compel them to
abandon entirely the use of rope and use only
iron bands. It is to avoid this sudden change
that I ask the gentleman from Michigan to
accept the amendment, so that our planters
may bale their cotton with rope or with iron
ties, as they may deem best.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Buck-
ley] whether iron bands, when used as ties in
baling cotton, do not injure the quality of the
cotton when it is exposed to dampness?
Mr. BUCKLEY. Only a slight injury
results ; merely a discoloration of the cotton
from the effects of the rust.
Mr. CONGER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Alabama to modify his amendment by
inserting the word "rope" after the word
"good ;" so that the clause will read " good
rope or iron bands."
Mr. BUCKLEY. I have no objection to
modifying my amendment in that way.
Mr. CONGER. While I assent to this
amendment because the planters are not yet
prepared to use iron bands, I am free to say that
I think the provision requiring the use of iron
bands is very important with reference to the
security of the lives of passengers, and I hope
that at some future day Congress will provide
that iron bands shall be used in all cases. I
believe, however, from representations which
have been made to me, that for the present it
may be well to adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama.
The amendment of Mr. Buckley, as modi-
fied, was agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire for a moment the
attention of the gentleman having charge of
this bill. A provision which was adopted a
few moments ago, requiring that every bale of
cotton shall be covered so that it shall not be
broken in handling, is in my judgment wholly
impracticable. We might as well provide that
boats carrying passengers shall not transport
cotton at all as to incorporate in the bill any
such provision.
Mr. CONGER. Does the gentleman from
Arkansas propose an amendment?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir,
Mr. CONGER. Let us hear what it is.
Mr. ROGERS. I simply want to make a
suggestion on this subject. I liad hoped, that
as I am somewhat acquainted with the handling
of cotton on the southern waters, the gen-
tleman from Michigan would see the force of
the remarks which I make. Our object, as I
understand, is to arrive at such a measure as
will best secure the lives of passengers on our
steamboats.
Mr. CONGER. What is the gentleman's
proposition ?
" Mr. ROGERS. I object to the provision
jj which has been incorporated in this bill, that.
