THE GOTOSiSSiONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
j*ec?te<3 the graduation act was repealed
junie.'V before the year allowed Mr.
Boye'r in which to make proof add payment
for"the 'land, had. expired. Jhe .bill'.directs
l}ie Comiiifssione'r o¥ the General Land Office
to issuVapa'tejit to Nathan Bover, as per said
entry, for'the laYid'described, thesameas if the
title had. been completed under the graduation
act o'f AhgusV4, 1854.
-The bill was ordered to be' engrossed and
read'a tbird'time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly.read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TOWN SEND moved to reconsider the
vote Ify 'which the bill toa'S passed'; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
oa the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IASDS TN ILLINOIS.
Mr. SATWLBY, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
H do "pass, th'ebill (H. R. No. 2490) to amend
an act entitled "An act to confirm the title to
certain lands in Illinois."
"Th'e Question was upon ordering 'the bill to
be. engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides thaf the de-
scription of the lands mentioned in £aid act be
so amended as to read "township two north"
instead of "township one north."
Mr. KEL8EY. Is that a private bill?
Mr. HAVVLEY. The only object of the bill
is to correct a mistake in a bill which passed
last session, in using the word " two" instead
of "one.'1
The SPEAKER. If there is ho objection
it Mfili be entertained.
No objection was Blade.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAVVLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that tile motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUCHAItD P. IIAMSIOi'D.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with amendments,
the joint resolution (S. E. No. 220) for the
relief t>f Richard P. Hammond.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to credit, upon the judgment obtained by the
United states as against L. Maynard and the
estate of J. 8. Folsom, as sureties on the offi-
cial bond of Richard P. Hammond, late col-
lector of customs of San Frahcisco, in the cir-
cuit court of the United States of the tenth cir-
cuit, the sum of $86,793 09, and directs that
the said credit be allowed and computed as
of the date of the expenditure thereof by the
said Hammond, corresponding credits being
allowed the said sureties for the interest which
m«y have been charged against them on the
judgment. And it also directs an account to
be taken and stated as between the said sure-
ties and the United States.
The amendments reported from the com-
mittee wece read. The first amendment was
to insert the words "Richard P. Hammond,
or against," before the words "L. Maynard
so that it will read:
By the United States against Richard P. Ham-
mond, or against L. Maynard, and the estate of the
late J. S. jToisoiii, deceased, as sureties on the offi-
cial bond of Ilichard P. Hammond, &e.
The second amendment was to add to the
resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That the Sum allowed shall be applied
first toward the indebtedness of said principal not
secured by the bond of said sureties; and any bal-
ance may be applied upon the same thus secured.
The question was upoti agreeing to the
amendments.
Mr. JJOLMAN". Is there a written report
in this case? If so, I would like to hear it
read.
' Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
Cannot consent "to this joint resolution without
some explanation. It involves a large amount
of money.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will make a very brief
explanation. Thi§ joint resolution is simply
for the purpose of enabling Mr. Hammond,
the former collector of San Francisco, to settle
his account's with the Treasury Department.
While Mr. Hammond was collector he bad
charge of the expenditures for buildingthe
custom-house, and also the marine hospital.
While thus acting he drew from the Treas-
ury the sum of $258,949 09 for the custom-
house, and $86,793 09 for the marine hospital.
Suit was brought against Mr. Hammond, and
also against his sureties on his bonds,' but
these two amounts Were not allowed as an
offset, on the ground that the legislation at that
time would not authorize it. Subsequently
the amount drawn for the custoin-house was
allowed, but the remaining amount of eighty-
odd thousand dollars was not allowed. The
Treasury Department afterward, when settling
with Charles Homer, the contractor for build-
ing the marine hospital, deducted from the '
amount due him for building the hospital pre-
cisely the amount refused to be allowed in the
accounts of Mr. Hammond. This joint reso-
lution is extended merely for the purpose of
enabling Mr. Hammond to settle his accounts
with the Treasury Department; and for that
purpose this resolution is necessary.
I have here a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury saying that this amount should
be allowed, but that he objects to its being
allowed only on the judgment against the
sureties, but desires it to also apply to the
judgment against Mr. Hammond; and I have
u letter from Mr. Sargent to the effect that
this amount should be allowed. As this joint
resolution passed the Senate it provided that
this amount should be allowed only on the
judgment against the sureties. We have re-
ported an amendment that the amount shall
also be applied to the judgment against Rich-
ard P. Hammond; and also another amend-
ment, that the sum hereby allowed shall be first
applied to the indebtedness of the principal,
not secured by the bonds of the sureties, and
the balance to the indebtedness which may
not be thus secured.
This is a matter in which the Treasury
Department and all its officers concur. Mr.
Hammond is now in this city waiting the set-
tlement of his accounts with the Treasury
Department, which is all this joint resolution
proposes to allow him to do.
Mr. SCOFIE LD. Let the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be read.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is a letter dated July 9,
1870, the day after this joint resolution passed
the Senate.
The letter was read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office op tub Secretary, July 9,1870.
Sir: I inclose a copy of the Daily Globe of this
date, which contains a report (marked) of the pro-
ceedings in the Senate with reference to the claim
of liicbard P. Hammond for relief. The resolution,
as passed by the Senate, will have the effect to take
money from tlic Treasury. The judgment recovered
by the United States is for the sum of about one
hundred and ninety-seven thousand dollar^. The
bond on which the sureties are liable is for $100,000.
The amount found due to Mr. Hammond should be
applied to the judgment, and the sureties of Mr.
Hammond held for any remainder there may be.
Hut, as I understand the resolution of the Senate, the
sureties would be entirely relieved by its operation,
and the Government be left to any remedy it might
have against Mr. Hammond for the difference be-
tween the judgment and the amount allowed by this
resolution.
"Very respectfully,
GEORGE S.BOUTWELL,
Secretary,
Hon. John A. Btxgham, Souse. of Representatives,
Washington, District of Columbia.
P. S. I inclose a memorandum of the ease of Mr.
Hammond, made in the Solicitor's office.
The United States vs. Richard P. Hammond et al,,
California.
in 18J6 the Commissioner of Customs reported to
the Solicitor a default for suit against Hammond of
£-177.959 30. Suit was 6ortimenced for that amount.
In 1867. the Commissioner of Customs Keadjasted the
account, showing a balance duo by Hammond of
$456,146 30. In 1864 judgment was recovered against
Hammond for $197,197 21. In 186$ judgttent was
also recovered against the suretfes Jor the whole
penalty of their bond, being. $100,000. Th'e eoart
therefore allowed to Hammond at'the trial a e'redit
of *258.949 09.
This.amount of credit allowed by tbs oSiirrtmay
not hnvo been all that Hammond was entitled to.
There is nothing in the Solicitor's office to show. It
is clear,however, tbatthecourt allowed to liim most,
if not all, of the advances made by him for construc-
tion of public buildings. There were two sureties—
I?olsoxn and Maynard. Jolsom's estate has, since
the judgment, paid one half the judgment njainxt
the sureties, with interest and Costs, being $tio,45i) G ,
of which there has been covered into the Treasury
$62,832 66, the balance being retained for co&ts, &o.
Maynard, the other surety, hns paid nothing. The
resolution that has passed the Senate directs tlieSec-
retary to credit on the judgmeut against the sureties
$86,793 09, with interest for about fifteen ycais, which,
if (lone, will require a largo sum (over one hundred,
and thirty thousand dollars) to be refunded or paid
out of the Treasury. If any credit is to be allowed
in addition to what was allowed by the court ifc
should bo allowed on the judgment against Ham-
mond himself, which was greater than that against
his sureties, and was the .real bahincp.found due.
The act of Congress should authorize the account-
ing officers to credit on the judgment against him
the $86,090, or any amount that he may have ad-
vanced to contractors, and which has not already
been allowed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; &hd Under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments wer'e agreed to.
The joint resolution, aS amended, was then
ordered to a third reading, read the third titae,
and passed:
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM Y. PATCH.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
450) authorizing the settlement of the accounts
of William Y. Patch ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Thejointresolu'tion, which was read, author-
izes and directs the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury to settle the account of William Y. Patch,
late collector of internal revenue for the first
district of California, by allowing and certify-
ing the amounts found due him by the Fifth
Auditor in his statement of December 31, 1866.
Mr. KERB. Mr. Speaker, a brief state-
ment of the facts upon which this resolution
is based will be sufficient to satisfy the House
of the propriety of its enactment. The subject-
rmtter of the present resolution was consid-
ered by a former Congress, and On July 26,
1866, a joint resolution was pasSSd in these
words:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to audit and Settle the accounts of Caleb Fay
and William Y. Patch, late assessor ;ind collector,
respectively, of internal revenue at San JTraneisco,
as to him may appear just and equitable."
Under that authority, the Secretary,. after
examination of the accounts of Mr. Patch,
directed the Fifth Auditor to settle the same,
and to allow Mr. Patch as salary and personal
compensation the sum of $4,500 per annum
for the period of his official service, and the
further sum of $3,913 39 as expenses.
On December 31, 1866, the Auditor settled
the accounts on that basis and forwarded the
same to the Comptroller; and the latter officer,
after examination of the account as adjusted
by the Auditor, and of the terms of the resolu-
tion of July 26, 1866, concluded that the latter
was not broad enough to cover the allowance
of compensation as directed to be made by
the Secretary of the Treasury. He therefore
declined to pass the requisite warrant for the
completion of the settlement. It is to remove
this difficulty of construction that the passage
of the pending joint resolution is recommended
by the Judiciary Committee. I -believe the
justice and complete equity of the adjustment
