1936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
luminous upon the subject, but he does not give
us any information.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong.]
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, the
abuses of the present mode of appointment to
office, and thg consequent demoralization of
the civil service in many Departments, have
arrested the attention of the country, and
there is a widely-extended desire that some
mode must be devised by which it can be
brought under more efficient control. The
value of a well-regulated civil service, in pro-
moting the efficiency and economy of admin-
istration, cannot be overestimated. The evils
of the present want of system are everywhere
apparent. In the last message of the Presi-
dent he thus refers to the subject:
"Always favoring practical reforms, I respectfully
call your attention to one abuse of long standing,
which 1 would like to see remedied by this Congress.
It is a retorm in the civil service of the country. I
would have it go beyond the mere fixing of the ten-
ure of office of clerks and employ6s, who do not
require 'the advice and consent of the Senate' to
make their appointments complete. X would have
it govern not the tennra but the manner of making
all appointments. Thero is no duty which so much
eabarrasses the Executive and heads of Depart-
ments as that ot appointments; nor is there any such
arduous and thankless labor imposed on Senators
and Representatives as that of finding places for
constituents. The present system does not secure
the best men, and often not even fit men. for public
place. The elevation and purification of the civil
service ot the Government will be hailed with
approval by tho whole people of the United
States."
The Secretary of the Treasury also refers to
the subject and urges the adoption of some
method of efficient control. There is no dif-
ference of opinion, either as to the existence
of the evil or the necessity of a reform. The
difficulty lies in devising any uniform system
which is not open to grave and well-founded
objections. Tne resolution which I had the
honor to introduce on the 30th of January
last, to which the honorable chairman of the
committee [Mr. Dawes] refers, and which has
been incorporated into the bill under consid-
eration, was drawn in the effort to render the
service more efficient without encountering
the objections which have been so persistently
urged against the numerous bills which have
attempted to deal with the subject.
Not only has the evil of the present mode
of appointment to office, and the conse-
quent demoralization of the civil service,
arrested the attention of the Departments,
but it has excited the attention of the country
at large; and there is a widely extended feel-
ing that some mode must be devised by which
it can be controlled. It has been estimated,
and so reported by the committee, whose
elaborate report has been printed as a docu-
ment of this House, that the change in the
office of collector at the city of New York,
followed as it is by the change of subordinates
in most of its departments, costs the Govern-
ment a loss of not less than $10,000,000. The
reasons are sufficiently apparent on reflection,
and are set forth by your committee in their
report. The revenues are, in fact, largely in
the hands of the men whose actual labor un-
packs and repacks, and makes the estimation
of the values of imported goods, and handles
them in transitu from the ship to the dealer.
The same is true in a proportionate degree
at all the other custom houses of the country.
But this large pecuniary loss to the Govern-
ment is not the only one of great magnitude
which attends the present unsuitable and ill-
defined mode of distributing the executive
patronage from the highest to the lowest place.
A false and usually exaggerated idea prevails
among the people distant from Washington
as to the desirability of Government places
and the facility with which they may be ob-
tained. It is said that the petitions to the
Department of State, on the advent of this
Administration, for consulships alone were to
be measured by tons. N o fact is more emphat-
ically known to every member on this floor
than that for every place in the gift of the
Government the applicants exceed the places
in a ratio of not less than ten to one. This
inordinate anxiety for place, fostered by re-
peated changes in office, is most pernicious in
its influence on the young men of the country
at large. It diverts their attention, to a very
large extent, from honorable and profitable
pursuits in the settled occupations of life, and
in a very large proportion of cases, ends in
bitter disappointments; often in unavailing
regret, unfitness for future usefulness, and
enforced and permanent poverty. The oppor-
tunities of independent business and the fit-
ness so easily acquired in early life to com-
mand success are lost in the pursuits for
subordinate positions without honor or emol-
ument sufficient to maintain an ordinary fam-
ily without the most rigid, often the most self-
denying economy. The changes incident to
the incoming of any new Administration are
too well known to need comment here, and I
forbear to occupy the time of the House at
this late hour, at the close of the session, in
any elaborate discussion of the question. The
subject has been frequently considered, and
is well understood.
The resolution is, in my judgment, valuable,
inasmuch as it does not attempt to bring all
branches of the public service under the rigid
execution of unbending law. It is manifest
that the regulations which would be highly
desirable and suitable in some Departments
would be wholly unsuitable in others; that
which might admirably protect the revenue
service might be wholly inapplicable to the
Treasury or Post Office Department; and the
difficulties which have surrounded the pro-
ject of civil service reform, I apprehend, have
arisen from the impossibility of devising a plan
which would be free from reasonable and strong
objections as applied to the service at large.
The only mode, as I respectfully suggest to the
House, in which this question can be safely
and efficiently met is to be found in clothing
the President with such power as will enable
him to regulate the service, according to the
exigencies and the nature of the particular
Department to which his special regulations
may apply.
It has been said by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] that the President already has
this power. This is by no means conceded. It
is undoubtedly true that he has the power to
inquire into the fitness of any particular appli-
cant for office; but neither the practice of this
or any previous Administration would justify
the President in assuming to adopt a system
of regulations applicable to the several Depart-
ments, and to be enforced as such, without the
express authorization of law. The public sen-
timent upon this question has been so marked
that I cannot but believe it would be deemed
an unwarrantable assumption of power for the
President thus to proceed without the sanction
of Congress, and so to change the entire sys-
tem of appointments as would be necessary
to reform even the acknowledged abuses. On
the other hand, the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] has claimed that this resolution
clothes the Presideut with unusual, inordinate,
and dangerous powers. To this view I cannot
give my assent.
The resolution proposes no more than a
systematic regulation which shall avoid the
losses and difficulties incident to the present
disjointed, uncertain, and injurious mode. It
confers upon the President sufficient power;
and should it be found in practice that he is
assuming to exercise powers dangerous and
unwise, Congress may at any time control
by law the exercise of his discretion in this
regard; while, upon the other hand, should
the regulations thus adopted prove to be wise
and for the general good, they can easily be
consolidated into the forms of law. It is, at
least, the beginning of a reform, and on such
a subject we should "hasten slowly." If it is
in any degree an experiment with us it has
certainly been found to work with eminent
advantage in promoting the efficiency of the
public service in Great Britain, where it has
been for several years regulated by rules
adopted as experience pointed out the necessity
or wisdom of change. With the experience
which must followthe operation of the service
under the rules to be adopted, if this bill should
pass, the country will gain such a practical
knowledge of the requirements of the service
as will enable Congress to legislate wisely when
a future law becomes necessary.
With these views strongly impressed upon my
own conviction, and hoping that in practice
the proposed regulation of the service will be
found to promote its efficiency, I earnestly
desire to see the report of this committee
adopted. I have not referred to the great in-
convenience, annoyance, and trouble to which
the present practice subjects members of Con-
gress, both of the Senate and the House. This
is, in my judgment, the least of its evils. The
mere inconvenience of members is not to be
balanced against the public interest; and I
urge it not so much as promoting the comfort
of members of Congress, nor as a matter of
mere relief to the appointing power, but as
primarily important to the efficiency of the
service. I believe it will save to the country
millions of dollars, promote a healthier public
sentiment, and result in great good, without
any admixture of evil which cannot be easily
corrected by the flexibility which this mode of
dealing with the question leaves at all times in
the hands of the President.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
and concur in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MfcNEELY demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
90, noes 20.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
charles w. clisbeb.
Mr. ARNELL, from the Committee on
Accounts, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay Charles
W. Clisbee, one of the reading clerks, his salary for
three months preceding the 1st day of October, 1869,
out of the contingent funds of the House.
pay of temporary committer clerk.
Mr. ARNELL also, from the same commit-
tee, by unanimous consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the clerk temporarily employed
by the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812 be allowed $200 in full for his services
during the present Congress, to be paid out of the
contingent fund.
william iienby hall.
Mr. ARNELL also, from the same commit-
tee, by unanimous consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay from
the contingent funds to "William Henry Hail, assist-
ant in the cloak-room, compensation as laborer for
the time during which he has served.
reconstruction committee.
Mr. ARNELL also, from the same commit-
tee, by unanimous consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Hesoloed, That the Clerk be directed to pay from
the contingent fund for clerk-hire and expenses of
the select Committee on Reconstruction during tho
recess of this Congress a sum not exceeding tOOO.
Mr. AltNELL. I move to reconsider the
votes adopting all those resolutions ; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
