498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
asking compensation for services, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
therconsideration of the same, and that it be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Sl'HENRY BRAY.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the memorial of McHenry Bray, claim-
ing the difference between the pay of a private
and that of lieutenant, he having served in the
latter capacity in company I, eighth regiment
Tennessee infantry, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
pration of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
RELIEF i'OU DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition of Jesse T. Thompson, George
B. Mekler, and fifty others, disabled soldiers
and inmates of National Asylum, at Dayton,
Ohio, asking Congress to authorize the issue
of transportation, arms, blankets, and rations
to enable them to remove and settle in Ore-
gon, under the auspices of the Oregon Colony,
No. 1, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
DONATION TO GALVESTON, TKXA.-S.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the joint resolution (II. R. No. 303)
authorizing the donation of certain property
of the United States in the city of Galveston,
State of Texas, to said city, and moved that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be laid
011 the table.
The motion was agreed to.
A L T, E 0IIA NY A ItS IS N A L.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill (II. II. No. 2717)
to cause the removal of machinery, arms, and
stores now at the Alleghany arsenal, in the
city of Pittsburg, and to sell the remaining
property and appurtenances to the municipal
authorities of the city of Pittsburg; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, in the first section, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to cause
the removal of such machinery, arms,- and
stores as can be profitably removed from the
Alleghany arsenal, in the city of Pittsburg, to
other arsenals, and to sell the remaining prop- [
erty, lands, buildings, and appurtenances to i
the municipal authorities of the city of Pitts- j
burg at the appraised value of said property, i
the appraisement to be made by three com- j
missioners, who are to be appointed by the j
Secretary of War and paid, from the proceeds I
of the sale, ten dollar per day for each day they !
are actually employed in performing such duty, j
The second section provides that in case the ;
municipal authorities of the city of Pittsburg j
shall refuse to purchase the property at the j
appraisement the-Seeretary of War shall cause i
the property to be advertised in four newspapers
of the State of Pennsylvania, for a period of
one week, to be sold at public auction to the
highest bidder, in such parcel as will command
the highest price ; and the money received as
the proc&eds of said sale, less the expense
attending the sale, shall forthwith be covered
into the Treasury of the United States. The
third and last section provides that the com-
missioners shall be appointed, appraisement
and sale made, and stores, arms, and the prop-
el iy removed within six months from the date
of the passage of this act.
Mr. DAWES. I move, after the words "high-
est bidder," to insert''for a sum not less than
the said appraised value."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered^ to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was pkssed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OREGON VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. NEGLEY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (S. No. 53)_ to pay two
companies of Oregon volunteers, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that the act of Congress
entitled "An act to authorize the Secretary
of War to settle and adjust the expenses of
the Iiogue River Indian war," approved the
July 17, 1854, shall be extended to the two
companies of Oregon volunteers commanded
by Captains Jesse Walker and Nathan Olney,
called into service to suppress Indian hostil-
ities in Oregon in 1854.
Mr. HOLM AN. I believe this makes an
appropriation. If it does, then I desire that
the report may be read.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. There is no appro-
priation in the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Read the report accom-
panying the bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. There is already an appro-
priation in the Treasury for the payment of
these men. This is to pay it to them. The
Committees of the Seriate and House on Mili-
tary Affairs have examined into this matter,
and have recommended the passage of this
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report accom-
panying this bill ?
Mr. NEGLEY. The papers are voluminous,
and have been examined by the committee.
Mr. ALLISON. How much money will this
take V
Mr. NEGLEY. I have statements from the
Treasury Department which explain the whole
matter, which 1 will have read if the gentleman
desires it-
Mr. ALLISON. I do.
The Clerk read as follows:
Titmsutty DuPAitTitiivr,
Thiud Auditor's Office, July t, WTO.
Sir: In reply to your note of yesterday, and in
addition to my communication to you of May 14,
1810, I have the honor to state—
On June 7, 1870, there were unexpended of the
appropriations made by the Oregon and Washington
act of March 2,1861, the following sums :
l'ay of volunteers $153,115 01
Supplies, services, &c  27G.419 70
Total 5409.531 71
The pending awards (made but not yet paid) will
reduce this total by only a few hundred dollars.
The elaims pending June 30,1870, were four hun-
dred and thirty-nine, in which is claimed an aggre-
gate of $82,606 36: and four hundred and eleven, in
in which the amounts claimed were not stated, mak-
ing eight hundred and fifty; in which the aggregate
claimed can be safely estimated at less than $170,000.
Very few new claims are being received. Of those
on hand and thoseyet to be received some will prob-
ably be wholly disallowed, and many will be greatly
rcduced by applying the rates adopted by the act
of March 2,1861. Taking these matters into consid-
eration, I think it perfectly safe to estimate that
*170,000 will covcr all which will ever be allowed if
the act remains without amendment. There are
on file data which make it reasonably certain that
the "Hathaway vouchers" (or August 10, 1S.j7, cer-
tificates) cannot exceed $35,000. Even if Congress
should make the amendment suggested in my letter
to you of May 14,1870, 'f.he same which is proposed
by llouse bill No. 20tO, Forty-First Congress, second
session,! the present balances will be much in excess
of all whieh will be needed.
Very respectfully.
ALLAN RUTHERFORD, Auditor.
Hon. J. S. Smith, House of Representatives.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me this unex-
pended balance should have gone into the
Treasury under the law of last session.
Mr. NEGLEY. Read the other paper.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, December 17,1870.
Silt: In pursuance of our conversation of this morn-
ing, I refer to my letters to you of July 1, 1870, and
May 14,1870. I inclose a copy of the latter, as you
stated that you had mislaid the original. The report
made on the 7th of February, 1860, to the House of
Representatives by the Third Auditor (Mr. Atkin-
son) was made the basis of the Oregon and Wash-
ington act of March 2, 1861; and the act authorized
the settlement only of the claims embraced by the
report. The "Hathaway vouchers" having been
entirely omitted from the report, there has been and
is now no authority for their settlement.
The reason for the omission is not so easy to state.
These vouchers were all regularly passed upon by
the Oregon commission, and were all in this office
when the report was made, and the experience of
nine years of investigation of the Oregon and Wash-
ington claims has developed no reason why those
vouchers should not havebeen placed upon the loot-
ing of those which have been paid. There is no elerk
now in this office who was engaged in the " Oregon
branch"'whenthereportwas made, butfrom inform-
ation derived from Mr. Thomas J. Hobbs, who was
then aclerkin that branch,andisnowthe disbursing
elerk of this Department, it is supposed that the
packet containing the "Hathaway vouchers" waj>
misplaced, and was overlooked when the report was
being prepared. It is reasonably certain that Mr.
Atkinson never gave directions to omit them, and
never rendered any decision that they ought not to
be included; for even while hecontinued to be Aud-
itor it was, as I am informed, a mystery to the clerks
in that branch why they had not been included in
the report; and certainly tnis would not have been
the case if the omission had been intentional and in
pursuance of tome direction or decision by Mr.
Atkinson.
In my letter of May 14,1S70, it was my intention
to express my entire concurrence in the recommend-
ation of my predecessor, (Hon. John Wilson.) that
the amendment drafted by lnm, to provide for pay-
ment of those vouchers, be adopted.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALLAN RUTHERFORD, Auditor.
Hon. Joseph S. Smith,
Ebbitt House. Washington, District of Columbia,
Mr. NEGLEY. I now deni and the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to say to the gentleman
that the last of those letters is dated the 1st
of July. I think the act of the 12th of July
covers all those matters. I am not opposing
the measure, but I simply make the suggestion
to the gentleman.
Mr. NEGLEY. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to-be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed: and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. POLLY V. COTTON.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the same committee,
reported-a bill (II. R. No. 2718) for the relief
of Mrs. Polly W. Cotton; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read,' authorizes and
directs the Paymaster General to pay to Mrs.
Polly W. Cotton, widow of Wayne W. Cotton,
late captain company G, seventh regiment Ten-
nessee volunteers, the pay and allowances of a
captain of infantry from the 1st day of June,
18G2, to the 21st day of April, 1863, less the pay
received by her for his services as a private.
Mr. NEGLEY. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to hear
some reason assigned for the passage of that
bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Is
there a report in that case?
Mr. NEGLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Let
us have the report read.
The report was read.
Mr. NEGLEY. I demand tho previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered j and under the opera*
