1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
The Clerk read as follows: I
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That every |
steamer canying passengers shall be provided with !
wire tiller-ropes, or iron rods or chains, for the pur-
pose of steering and navigating the vessel; and shall ,
employ wire bell-pulls for signalizing the engineer
from the pilot-house, together with tubes of proper
size so arranged as to return the sound of the engine
bells to the pilot-house, or other arrangement to re-
peat back the signal: Provided, That on any such
vessel, navigated by the mariner's compass, so much
of such wire rope or chain may be dispensed with
and disused as shall influence or disturb the working
of such compass.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
aS follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That when any
vacancy shall occur in any local board of inspectors
now existing, or whenever local inspectors are to be
appointed foranew district, thesupervisinginspector
shall notify the collector or other chief officer of the
customs for the district, and the judge of the district
court of the United States for the district in which
such appointment is to be made, who. together with
the supervising inspector, shall meet together as a
board of designators; and it shall be the duty of
such board, or the major part thereof, one of which
majority shall be the supervising inspector, when
designating an inspector of hulls, 19 select a person
of good character and suitable qualifications and
attainments to perform the services required of him
by this act, who, from his practical knowledge of
ship-building and the uses of steam in navigation,
shall be fully competent to make a reliable estimate
of the strength, seaworthiness, and other qualities
of the hulls of steamers and their equipment deemed
esseutial to safety of life in the navigation of such
vessel, to be cal led the inspector of hulls; and when
designating an inspector ofboilers to select a person
of good character and suitable qualifications and
attainments to perform the services required of him
by this act, who, from his knowledge and experience
of th6 duties of an engineer employed in navigating
vessels by steam, and also in theconstruction and use
of boilers and machinery and appurtenances there-
with connected, shall be able to form a reliable
opinion of tbe strength, form, workmanship, and
suitableness of such boilers and machinery to be
employed without hazard to life, from imperfection
in the material, workmanship, or arrangement ot
any part of such apparatus for steaming, to be called
the inspector of boilers; and these two persons, when
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall,
from the date of designation, constitute a board of
local inspectors, nndshall be empowered andrequired
to perform the duties herein specified to wit:
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following:
Notify the collector or other chief officer of the
customs for the district, and the judge of the district
court of the United States for the district in which
such appointment is to be made, who, together with
the supervising inspector, shall meet together as a
board of designators; and it s&all bo the duty or
such board, or the major part thereof, one ol vvhica
majority shall be the supervising inspector.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following :
Nominate, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
confirm such inspectors. And it shall be the duty
of the supervising inspector.
The section would then read :
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That when any
vacancy shall occur in any local board of inspectors
now existing, or whenever local inspectors are to be
appointed for a new district, tbe supervising inspec-
tor shall nominate, and the Secretary of the lren«-
ury shall confirm such inspectors. And it shall be
the duty of the supervising inspector, wnen desig-
nating an inspector of hulls, to select a person or
good character and suitable qualifications ami
attainments to perform the services required oi
him by this act, &c.
My object in offering this amendment is
to simplify the appointment and assigning to
duty of these officers. ' Out on tbe Pacific
coast it will be almost impossible to bring to-
gether the supervising inspector, the collector
of customs, arid the judge of the court hav-
ing jurisdiction in that locality. The appoint
ment may be made five or six hundred miles
distant from the residence of the judge. My
amendment simply allows the supervising in-
spector to maire the appointment, subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is so simple and so just that I hope the
House will adopt it. I do not think it neces-
sary to discuss it.
Mr. CONGER. There are only two places
on the Pacific where there are these boards:
in C&liiorniH there is one, and in Oregon there
is another. Each place has its judge and its
collector. I think it is desirablethat those men
should have the designation of these officers,
and thai, it should not he left to the supervising
inspM'or to appoint men who may be his tools.
Air. JOHNSON. 1 propose only that he
shall nominate them to the Secretary of the
Treasury for appointment.
The amendment of Jlr. Johnson was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
First. Upon application in writing of the master
or owner they shall, once in every year at least, care-
fully inspect the hull of each steamer within their
respective districts, and shall satisfy themselves that
every such vessel so submitted to their inspection is
of a structure suitable for the service in which she
is to be employed, has suitable accommodations for
passengers and the crew, and is in condition to war-
rant the belief that she may be used in naviga-
tion as a steamer with safety to life, and that all
the requirements of law in regard to fires, boats,
pumps, hose, life-preservers, floats, anchors, cables,
and other things are faithfully complied with: and
if they deem it expedient they may direct the vessel
to bo put in motion, and'may adopt any other suit-
able means to test her sufficiency and that of her
equipment.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Second. They shall also inspect the boilers of all
steamers before the same shall be used, and once at
least in every year thereafter subjecting them to the
hydrostatic pressure prescribed by this act, and sat-
isfy themselves by thorough examination that the
boilers are well made, of good and suitable mate-
rial; that the openings for the passage of water and
steam respectively, and all pipes and tubes exposed
to heat, are of proper dimensions and tree from ob-
struction : that the spaces between aud around the
flues are sufficient, and thai the flues are circular in
forin, and the fire-line of the furnace is at least two
inches below the prescribed minimum water-line
of the boilers; and that the arrangement for deliv-
ering the feed-water is such that the boilers cannot
be injured thereby; and that such boilers and the
macliiuery and the appurtenancesmay be safely em-
ployed in the service proposed in the written appli-
cation without peril to life; and shall also satisfy t
themselves that tho safety-.valves are of suitable j
dimensions, sufficient in number, and well arranged, :
(one of which may, if necessary in the opinion of 1
the iusuectors to secure safety, be taken wholly
excess is carried. By so doing we will make the
engineer responsible, thereby causing_ him to
watch the amount of steam his boiler is earry-
i ing, instead of putting the responsibility upon
| the steam-gauge or low-water indicator, which
' may get out of order. I hope, therafoie, ray
amendment will be adopted. I am informed
that it meets the approval of the board of
supervising inspectors, who held a session in
this city. I see that in their report these
inspectors say that it is better to attach the
responsibility to the men running these steam
vessels than to attempt to fix it upon any
mchine that may be attached to the boiler. I -
hope there will be 110 objection to the adop-
tion of this amendment. ,
Mr. CONGER. I rise to oppose this amend-
ment. This section provides that the board
of supervising inspectors and the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe the sort of in-
strument which Bhall be put upon boilers for
all these purposes. Heilce, if this particular
instrument be desirable, they can require xt to
be used. I opposethe ameudment for another
.reason : it proposes that in a bill for the secur-
ity of the lives of the people all over the United
States we shall legislate in favor of a patent
right. Throughout tbe preparation of this bill
I have endeavored to prevent legislation which
should look solely to the benefit of any in-
ventor. I call for a vote on the amendment.
Mr. ROOTS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I make this
amendment pro forma for the purpose ot'call-
ing attention to the importance of this bill, to
which it appears the House is not giving the
attention it demands, if the appalling record
of the lives lost within the last year upon
ting1such vessefand Kcurod*by the°in*spectors,) and .i merely that portion ot the Mississippi river
that the weights of the safety-valves are properly contiguous to
from the control of all persons engaged in naviga
ray district could be placed be
lore The House, members would realize that
: this is one of the most important bills ever
1 brought before this body for consideration.
I The amendment proposed by the gentleman
! from Arkansas £Mr. Boles] proposes to pro-
I vide for placing on our steamers steam-gauges
I which shall leave a permanent record of the
j height of the steam at all times during the
: passage. No other instrument which has
j been devised leaves a record which can be
examined when the steamer comes into port.
| it is not enough for us to undertake merely
j to prevent the steam being raised too high
! without having some truthful record which
  . j cunuotbemade to lie but will always truth-
Mr WELLS I move to amend by insert- !| fully tell us of the law's violation. Without
ing just before the proviso the words: |! -    1 —
And also that means for blowing out be pro-
vided,so as to thoroughly remove the mud and seen- j
ment trom all parts of the boilers when they are \
uuder pressure of steam. - j
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to that '
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
adjusted, so as to allow no greater pressure in tne
boilers than the amount prescribed oy the inspection
certificate; that there is a sufficient number of gauge
cocks properly inserted, and suitable steam gauges to
indicate the pressure ot steam, and reliable low- water
indicators that will give alarm when the water falls
below its prescribed limits; and that fusible metais
are properly inserted so as to fuse by the heat of the
furnace when the water in the boilers shall tall below
its prescribed limits; and that adequate and certain
provision is made for an ample supply ot water to
feed the boilers at ail times, whether such vessel is
in motionor not,so that in high-pressure boilers the
water shall not be less than four inches above the
top of the flues: Provided, however, That no kmdot
instrument, machino, or equipment tor the better
security of life, provided for by this act, shall boused
on any such vessel which shall not first be approved
by the board of supervising inspectors, and also by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BOLES. I move to further amend this
paragraph by striking out the words u suitable
steam gauges to indicate the pressure of steam
and reliable low-water indicators that will give
alarm when the waterfalls belowits prescribed
limits" and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing
To indicate the pressure of steam suitable steam
register* that will correctly record each excess ot
steam carried above the prescribed limit, and the
highest point attained, which shall be ta&en wholly
from the control of all persons engaged m navigating
such vessel and secure^ by inspectors; and reliable
low-water gauges.
By tho section as it now stands it is proposed
to attach to these boilers certain steam gauges
or low-water indicators, so as to notify the
engineer of danger by an alarm when the water
falls below a certain Sine. Now 1 propose, in-
stead of putting the responsibility upon a low-
water indicator, to put it upon the engineer,
and by the register which my amendment pro-
posesVhall be attached to indicate each time
that the engineer allows the steam to be run
above the.limits prescribed by law. It is pro-
posed to do this by a register which shall indi-
cate each excess aud the extent to which that
such an automatic and reliable recorder the
engineer might frequently allow the steam to
go to a dangerous height without any sadden-
ing consequences. -It is not every time risk
is run that loss and destruction ensue. Tbe
engineer runs the risk, creates the danger: no
loss occurs j no one knows it but himself.
Again he does the same thing, and thus on
and on, emboldened and made reckless, he
time and again jeopardizes the life of passen-
gers and no one knows it, no record is made
until some moment, when least expected, the
explosion ensues. Mankind is appalled. A
terrible disaster occurs. Mourning widows
and helpless orphans bewail that the grand
records on high -s-how the black account of a
hundred souls sent unshrived before the Jtidge
of Eternity. It is a duty we cannot, shrink
from to make men in the custody of human
life cautious. We can do this if we will place
the engineer in such a condition that he knows
tbat every time he recklessly endaugers life by
improper pressure of steam, though no other
man at the time should know it, though every
other eye on the boat should be closed in slum*
ber, that they will afterward know it, and that
the record will be made against him at> plain
and undeniable as if written in broad letters by
the finger of God himself. Let us have such
an instrument adopted as that proposed in the
amendment. Then if at any tune during the
trip the steam is allowed to rise to a dangerous
height the fact will be shown when the boat
