1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. VAN WYCK. Let the Forty-Second
Congress make their own rules. [Cries of
"Yes I" "Yes! " from both sides of the House.]
It is not for us to do it. It is not our business
to make rules for them.
The question was put on Mr.' Garfield's
motion ; and there were—ayes 64, noes 62.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There are some honest
men, thank God! on the other side of the
House.
Mr. VAN WYCK. We have needed all these
rules to secure honest legislation, and they will
need thein in the Forty-Second Congress.
expenditures on public buildings.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted a written report of the Committee on
Expenditures on the Public Buildings ; which
was recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed.
tiiojias ii. downing.
Mr. MAYIIAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, sub-
mitted a written report on the claim of Thomas
H. Downing to Yerba Buena; which was
recommitted to the committee, and ordered to-
be printed.
recess.
Mr. DAWES. I now offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the House now take a recess until
ten o'clock, at which time tho House shall meet to
consider appropriation bills and reports from com-
mittees of conference ; and no other business shall
bo ill order, except messages from the Senate and
cxeeutivo communications.
The question was taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to ; and thereupon (at five
o'clock and thirty minutes a. m., Saturday,
March 4,) the House took a recess until ten
o'clock a. m.
MORNING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House, at ten
o'clock a. m,, (Saturday, March 4,) resumed
its session.
order of business.
Mr. DUKE. Idesiretoaskunanimouscon-
sent to have a resolution adopted.
Mr. REEVES. I desire to present a bill
and a joint resolution for reference.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is not that in violation of
the rule adopted just before the recess?
The SPEAKER. The resolution precludes
everything except what is named therein, other
than what may be done by unanimous consent.
The House did not tie itself up. from doing
anything by unanimous consent. It is neces-
sary only for any gentleman to object, and that
will stop anything else from being done.
Sir. REEVES. I only desire to have a bill
and a joint resolution referred to a committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
resolution adopted just before the recess to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Unsolved, That the House now take a recess until
ten o'clock, at which time the House shall meet to
consider appropriation bills and reports from com-
mittees of conference ; and no other business shall
be in order, except messages from the Senate and
executive communications."
The SPEAKER. This precludes any busi-
ness other than that named in the resolution,
except by unanimous consent.
sciiooneu yacht lois.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 522)
authorizing a change of the name of the
schooner yacht Lois, of Greenport, Long Isl-
and; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
life-saving service.
Mr. REEVES also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3091) to reorgan-
ize the life-saving service on the coast of Long
Island; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. CONNER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. CONNER. Would it be in order, as
a question of privilege, to call attention to a
base misrepresentation and falsehood contained
in some remarks printed in the Globe without,
as I am informed, permission, according to the
record of the Globe, by my colleague, [Mr.
Clark,] relative to myself?
The SPEAKER. What is printed in the
Globe is not regarded as a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. CONNER. Very well, then I will have
to refute the falsehood before the people. And
right here I desire to state that the cowardly
manner in which this assault has been made
cannot receive the indorsement of any gentle-
man, nor could it have been made by one, and
I am constrained to believe that some mali-
cious wag, some gutter-snipe of society, has
imposed himself upon this House and the pro-
prietors of the Globe by representing himself
as my colleague; for I cannot think that my
colleague could descend so low as to stab me,
assassin-like, by printing statements in the
Globe, notoriously untrue, on the very last
day in the session, with the hope, perhaps,
that they would escape my notice, and, too,
when the remarks to which they claimed to be
a reply were delivered two weeks ago, while we
were considering the river and harbor appro-
priation bill in committee, under the five-min-
utes rule. I ask permission of the House to
print in the Globe some remarks in reply.
Mr. DAWES. It would be highly improper
for personal remarks of that character to be
printed in the Globe.
Mr. RANDALL. It should be as highly
improper for one as for another.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly; nothing can be
more improper than for any one to print in
that way personal remarks of that character.
When the gentleman's colleague comes in he
ought to have an opportunity to notice any-
thing puf in the Globe without his knowledge.
veto message iienpvy willman.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the veto message of the President, of the
bill for the relief of Henry Hillman, be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and printed.
The message was read as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
I herewith return, without my approval, House bill
No. 2568, entitled "An act for tho relief of Henry
Willman. late a private in the third regiment of
Indiana cavalry." for the following reasons:
The records of the War Department show that
Henry Willmsin was mustered into the military ser-
vice April 4,1S62, and that he was mountedon a pri-
vate horse. It appears, trom evidence presented by
himself, that his horse died May 18,1862; that he
remounted himself on Juno 8, 1862, and so contin-
ued mounted till October 1,1862. when his horse was
killed by the enemy, and that he was not afterward
mounted upon a private horse.
Upon presenting a claim against theUnited States
for the legal value of the two horses lost by him in
the public service the claim after investigation was
allowed; but it being discovered that he had erro-
neously been paid for the use and risk of a private
horse from May 18 to June 8,1862, arid from October
1,1862, to April 30,18(34, during which periods he had
no horse in the public service, the amount so over-
paid was off-set against his claim, leaving the latter
tally liquidated and the claimant indebted to the
United States in an amount not yet refunded.
The person named in the actis not in law or equity
entitled to the relief therein provided, and has no
unsatisfied demands against the United States.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion-, February 28,1871.
No objection being made, the message was
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
tay op iion. robert ridgtvay, deceased.
Mr. DUKE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer, for adoption at tlie present time, the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the salary from the 4th day of
M^rch, 1869, to the 6th of July, 1860, which would
have been paid to Robert Ridgway, under tho res-
olution passed March 3,1871, had he survived, shall
be paid to his mother, Mrs. Ridgway, he having died
during his term of service without leaving widow or
children surviving him.
Mr. RANDALL. That is right. I hope
there will be no objection.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DUKE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. '
Mr. RANDALL. Inow move that the House
take a recess until eleven o'clock. I do this
because, in the first place, there is no quorum
present, and besides we have nothing to do.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
withhold that motion for a moment the Chair
wiil lay before the House some executive com-
munications.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly; I withdraw
the motion for the present.
reports on postal service.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, kid
before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, transmitting reports, as
required by the acts of Congress, to change the
organization of the Post Office Department,
&c.; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
supplies foll post office department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Post-
master General, in relation to contracts made
by him for supplying the Post Office Depart-
ment with stationery, wrapping-paper, cotton
and hemp twine, and letter-balances for one
year from February 1, 1871; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
balances due from revenue collectors.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House adopted December 13,
1870, transmitting a statement of balances due
from collectors of internal revenue who are
not now in office ; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
grades near the capitol.
_The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the architect of the United States Capitol
extension, in relation to the modification of
the grades in the vicinity of the Capitol; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
property op navy department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting an
inventory of public property in the Navy
Department, agreeably to the act of July 15,
1870 ; which was referred to the Committea
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed,
coast survey report.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communicatioti from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
report of the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey for 1870; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
tonnage admeasurement.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution adopted by the House February 15,
1871, in relation to the inequality in tonnage
