1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
comes into port; and the fellow mate of the
engineer responsible will take pains to be able
to make it appear that he was not on watch at
the time when there was this excess of steam.*
For this purpose he will never go on duty
without looking to know what steam has heen
indicated up to that moment. Thus we will
make each a check upon, instead of what he
now is, a shield, for the other.
The gentleman from Michigan has said that
he opposes this amendment because it proposes
to legislate in favor of a patent right. I am
not to be deterred by any such suggestion from
urging upon the members of this House proper
measures for protecting the lives of citizens.
But in this instance I wish the House to un-
derstand that there are three patent rights of
different kinds which coverthis object, so that
the adoption of this amendment will not legis-
late in favor of any particular one of these
instruments. Two of them were examined by
the board of supervising inspectors, and I
wish I had time to read their report. Suffice
it to say that they urge the adoption of an
instrument of this kind, one which beyond the'
control of the engineer shall record the height
to which the steam has been raised at every
moment during the voyage. I ask the Clerk
to read an extract from the proceedings of
the board on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee to whom was referred Edson's pat-
en t recording steam-gauge and Clark's patent steam-
register would respectfully beg leave to report that
they have carefully examined the models presented,
and find Bdson's steam-gauge to be a very ingenious
device. It derives its motion from the application
of the steam pressure to a series of corrugated
springs, to which there is attached asomewhat com-
plicated movement by which acorrectrecord is made
with a lead pencil on a atrip of paper, which is also
moved by the apparatus, giving the variations of
the steam.
Clark's patent is a very small, simple apparatus,
which can be attached to any pressure steam-gauge
at a trifling cost.
It is certain in its action, not liable to get out of
order, and indicates and records with regularity and
certainty each excess of steam carried beyond a pre-
scribed limit and the highest point attained.
Your committee are of the opinion that these and
other similar inventions supply a want long felt in
the way of effective checks upon the carelessness
of engineers, from which nearly all explosions oc-
cur. We therefore earnestly recommend that the
owners of every steam vessel be required to attach
such an instrument to its boilers, which shall be
secured against the interference of the navigators
or engineers of such vessel by locks or seals under
the control of the United States inspectors.
Past experience has demonstrated that', on account
of the total ignorance of the masses of the travel-
ingcommunity of machinery and its details, and the
danger arising from the use of steam as a motive
power, and the indisposition of officers of steamers
to give information against each other.it has been ,
impossible to procure such evidence as is necessary !
to punish reckless or careless engineers.
Your committee feel assured that, with these in-
struments, sell-protection would compel each engi-
neer to be a cheek on the other, Test he be held
accountable for the derelictions of others.
In view of these conclusions, your committee
respectfully suggest that the board recommend
recording steam registers or gauges to the public
patronage.
E. R. FERGUSON.
WILLIAM ROWERS.
SAMUEL GUTHRIE.
Mr. ROOTS. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. BOLES. I renew the amendment.
The honorable gentleman from Michigan says
that he objects to any amendment of this
kind, because it proposes to legislate in favor
•of a patent right. That may be so ; but, sir,
there were before the supervising inspectors
different patent rights. They have passed their
judgment 011 these different patent rights.
The very one which has been incorporated in
this bill has been considered by this board of
supervisors. It is known as the "Bradford
low-water indicator." Here is the report
made by that board on the very indicator
proposed to be incorporated in this bill, and
which I propose to strike out. Let me read
the report of this board of supervisors :
''Mr. Low, fromthesameeommittee, reported the
following; which was adopted:
"The committee to whom was referred the 'Brad-
ford low-water indicator' would respectfully report
that it is one of a large number operated upon the
same principles, namely, the variable expansion of
metals. This is a very simple arrangement, and as
little liable to derangement as any of its competi-
tors; but your committee fail to see the benefit of
automatic attachments to boilers for the purpose
of determining the height of water, as in its opinion
it only serves to take away the responsibility of the
engineer without any equivalent compensating ben-
fit in the way of safety to life.'"
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order,
that the subject of an indicator is not properly
under discussion at this time.
Mr. BOLES. I have merely replied to the
objections made to my amendment. - Now, we
propose by my amendment to put the respons-
ibility upon the engineers, and not upon this
little automatic contrivance.
Mr. CONGER. I oppose the amendment,
and call for a vote. I demand the previous
question on the amendment and the pending
section.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, Mr, Boles's amendment was
agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That upon the
application of any master or owner of any steamer
employed in the carriage of passengers for a license
to carry gunpowder,the said inspectors shall examine
such vessel, and if theyfindthatshe is provided with
a chest or safe composed of metal, or entirely lined
or sheathed therewith, or if the vessel has one or
more compartments thoroughly lined and sheathed
with metal, at a secure distance from any fire, they
may grant a certificate to that effect, authorizing
such vessels to carry as freight within such chests,
safes, or compartments the article of gunpowder.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That the said
inspecting shall keep a record of certificates of
inspection of vessels, their boilers, enginos, and
machinery, and of all their aets in their examination
and inspection of steamers, whether of approval or
disapproval, and when a certificate of approval is
recorded the original shall be delivered to the col-
lector or other chief officer of the customs of the dis-
trict; they shall also keep a like record of certifi-
cates authorizing gunpowder to be carried as freight
by any steamer carrying passengers; and shall keep
a like record of all licenses granted to captains,
mates, pilots, and engineers, aud of all refusals of
the same, also of ail suspensions and revocations of
licenses, also of all refusals, suspensions, or revoca-
tions of which they shall receive notices from other
districts; and shall report to the supervising in-
spector of their respective districts, in writing, their
decisions in cases of refusal of licenses, or the sus-
pension or revocation thereof, and all testimony
received by them in such proceedings; they shall
also report promptly to 'such supervising inspector
all violations of the steamboat laws that shall come
to their knowledge,
Mr. CONGER. I wish, by unanimous con-
sent, to make a suggestion to the House.
This is a most important bill to the country,
and unless we get through with it this evening
we may not have another opportunity of con-
sidering it. • We have been so far not getting
along as fast as I could wish. A great many
of the sections in this bill are a mere reprint
of laws now in force to which no amendment
is proposed to be made. We will not have
time to go through the bill reading it section
by section. I move, therefore, to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to be read by sec-
tions for amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. That is right.
Mr. NEGLEY. That is not right; and if
the gentleman had read the bill through and
examined it he would not say so.
The SPEAKER. That would not prevent
the reading of the bill through. It is only
proposed to dispense with the reading of the
bill by sections.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not know that I will
object if the gentleman from Michigan will
permit us to offer amendments to the different
sections.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to secure the pas-
sage of this bill to-night. I will agree that
gentlemen shall have an opportunity to indi-
cate their amendments and have a vote upon
them.
Mr. NEGLEY. That is, amendments of
sufficient gravity to attract the attention of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to dis-
pensing with the reading of the bill in detail
provided gentlemen are allowed to indicate
the sections to which they desire to offer
amendments?
Mr. ROGERS. I object.
Mr. CONGER. Then I insist on my mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be read by sections.
The question being taken on the motion to
reconsider, it was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I propose now that gen-
tlemen will specify the sections to which they
desire to offer amendments.
The SPEAKER. The reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
read by sections does not dispense with the
reading of the bill so long as the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] insists on its
being read.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] will not insist on the
reading of the whole bill. I again ask unani-
mous consent that the reading of the bill may
be dispensed with.
Mr. ROGERS. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been
withdrawn, and no further objection being
made, the reading of the bill in detail is dis-
pensed with. The gentleman 'from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. _ Negley] will now indicate the
sections which he desires to amend.
Mr. NEGLEY. The first amendment I
have to offer is to section thirty-nine.
The Clerk read as follows ;
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That after one
year from the passage of this act no iron or steel
plates shall be used in the construction of boilers for
steam vessels unless they have been inspected* in
accordance with the provisions of this act; and the
working steam pressure allowable on such boilers
when single riveted shall not produce a strain to
exceed one sixth of the tensile strength of the iron
or steel plates of which such boilers areconstructed ;
but where the longitudinal laps of the cylindrical
parts of such boilers are double riveted, and the
rivet-holes for such boilers have been fairly drill- I
instead of punched, an addition of twenty pur cent,
to the working pressure above provided fur siugle
riveting may be allowed: I'tovided, That all other
parts ot such boilers shall correspond in strength to
tne additional allowance so made;' and no split
calking shall in any ease be pennitted. And every
such boiler shall bepiovided with a good, well-con-
structed salety-vafve or valves, ot such number,
dimensions, and arrangements as shall beprescribed
by the board of supervising inspectors, and shall
also be provided with a sufficient number of gauge-
cocks and a reliable low-water indicator that will
give alarm when ihe water falls below its prescribed
limits; and in addition thereto theie shall be in-
serted. in a suitable manner, in the flues, crown sheet,
01; other parts ot tne boiler most exposed to the heat
ol the furnace when tne water falls below its pre-
scribed limits, a plug ol good Banea tin; and 110
boi.er to woich the heat is applied, to the outside of
the shell thereof shall be constructed ot iron or steel
plates ol more than twenty six hundredths of an
inch in thickness, the ends or heads ot the boilers
only excepted. And every such boiler emplojed on
steamers navigating rivers flowing into the Gull of
Mexico, or their tributaries, sliall have not less than
three inches space between and around its internal
flues; and the ieed-water shall bedelivered into the
boilers in such manner as to prevent it from con-
tracting the metal, or otherwise injuring the boilers.
And when boilers are so arranged on a steamer that
there is employed a water-connecting pipo through
which the water may pas« from one boiler to another
there shaii also be provided h, similar steam connec-
tion, having an areaot opening into each boiler of
at least one square inch tor every two square leet of
effective heating surtace contained io any one of tho
boilers so connected, half the flue and all other tire
surfaces being computed as effective. And adequate
provision shall be uiade on all bteainers to prevent
sparks or flame from being driven back from the
hre doors into the vessel.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to amend that sec-
tion, as follows:
Strike out in line eleven and omit the words
drilled instead of. '
I would state that the drilling of the holes
does not qualify iron for heavier pressure.
Only double riveting does, and punching just
densifies the iron enough, but not too much.
_ ihequestion beingtaken 011 the amendment,
it was disagreed to—ayes twenty-one, noes
not counted.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to amend the same
section as follows:
Line seventeen strike out the words " a good well-
