1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
established, and may be held after it lias
ceased to exist.
Mr. DAWES. Yes. But we have not got
so far from war yet that its evils are not yet
pressing upon us from every point of the com-
pass.
Mr. POTTER. We desire to get rid of
them as fast as we can.
The question being put on Mr. Mayiiam's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Office of the Inspector of the Military Academy:
For one clerk of class four, 41,800.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out that paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Supreme Court of the Fluted States:
^ For the Chiet J ustice and mne associate or retired
justices, $60,500.
Mr. APtMSTRONG-. J move to amend that
paragraph, so that it will read "for the Chief
Justice, $10,500, and for eight associate jus-
tices, $80,000.'.' Mr. Chairman, I have given
some attention to this subject. 1 am entirely
satisfied that the current of public opinion lies
decidedly in the direction of an increased com-
pensation to the judges. Such an increase, I
think, is not only required lor the judges of the
Supreme Court, but it is also reqwired for the
district and circuit courts of the United States.
It is r.ot possible to reach ill these cases exact
justice in each instance. But we may have such
a provision as will extend fair average justice
to the respective judges, as regards giving them
compensation in proportion to their labor and
responsibilities.
This is but a part of the amendment which
I shall ultimately offer. But in the first place
I propose that the judges of the Supreme Court
shall receive, the Chief Justice, $10,500, and
the associate judges $10,000 each. This will
make an aggregate increase of about thirty
thousand dollars. 1 think no one who has
taken the pains to observe the amount of labor
imposed on these judges, as well as the cost of
living in Washington city, will fail to reach the
conclusion that the salaries of the judges of
the Supreme Coart are entirely too little. Sim-
ilar reasons exist for increasing the salaries of
other judges ; and the scale of increase before
me, including the judesof the Supreme Court,
the district and circuit courts of the States
and Territories, the Court of Claims, and the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, will
bring up the aggregate expenses under this
head to about two hundred and thirty-seven
thousand dollars, extending over thirty-seven
States and nine Territories.
The increase of salary which I propose, as
respects the district judges, will in a few in-
stances be more advantageous in one State
than in another. To make a distinction there,
however, would be invidious. The only dis-
tinction that can be based upon a sound prin-
ciple is to distinguish between the judges in
the courts of a State and the judges in the
courts of a Territory. The latter I propose
should receive salaries of $4,000. There has
been a tendency to increase the salaries of
other employes of the Government, and among
those the executive officers; but, looking at
the whole amount of the salaries paid in the
various Departments, I think that there is
there no great necessity for an increase. There
may be in a few instances. But I submit to the
House that an increase in the salaries of the
judges will by no means necessitate a general
increase of salaries. It is a matter always
under the control of Congress, and it is enough
for us to do justice now and let future questions
take care ot themselves. I submit the amend-
ment, and I trust it may receive the favorable
consideration of the House.
Mr. ELA. 1 make the point of order that
the amendment is out of order, as it changes
the existing law. I want to know if it is^iu
order to change the existing law so as to m- j
crease the expenses of the Government but
not in order to change it so as to diminish
expenses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The Clerk will read the
last clause of the rule on this subject for the
information of tnegentlemaa fr.om New Hamp-
shire.
The Clerk read as follows :
" But it was also decided that the latter branch of
the rule not only permitted amendments increasing
salaries, but was framed for that very purpose."
Mr. ELA. My amendment, wliieh was ruled
out of order, was not in regard to salaries, but
limiting the expenditures for certain purposes.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong :]
For the Chief Justice. $3,500: and for nine associate
or retired justices, iAOOO each; in all, £80,500.
Mr. Chairman, I own that I have been
somewhat surprised that the Committee on
Appropriations has not in this bill reported an
advance iu the judicial salaries to the extent
comprehended by my amendment. I do not
believe that the chairman of that committee
will oppose this advance in the salaries of the
judges of the Supreme Court.
Mr. SARGENT. I would inform the gen-
tleman that the Committee on Appropriations
cannot report an advance ; that they can only
report the amount fixed by positive statute.
Mr. IlALE. Well, sir, X hope then that
neither the chairman nor any member of that
committee will be found opposing this advance.
The chairman is a good lawyer, as are other
gentlemen upon that committee, and he knows
that the best legal talent of the country needs
to be, and as a rule is, called to perform the
duties of justices of that court.
The law is a jealous mistress. It requires
hard and continuous labor, and it is only by
long and laborious effort that at last a man in
the profession has attained to a position where
he has a handsome income. But it is one of
the good things about the profession of law
that long-continued labor at last does result in
honor and iu profit; and when a mail has
attained middle age it is giving up such honor
and profit on his part to go npon the bench.
When he goes there as a judge of the Supreme
Court he takes upon himself labors and re-
sponsibilities of the highest kind. The sala-
ries paid to-day—$6,500 for the Chief J ustice,
and $6,000 for the associate justices—are ab-
surdly inadequate; less than is paid to the
leading political officers in the country, less
than is paid iu the best custom-houses and post
offices, less than is paid in third-class missions,
greatly less than is paid to the head of the
Army or of the Navy. The advance that I
propose is not as much as I believe should be
given, but perhaps nothing more than that
can be granted. I hope that the House will
adopt this amendment, and give $8,500 to
the Chief Justice and $8,000 to the associate
justices. That amount is small enough, cer-
tainly, it seems to me.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,]
and I heartily favor the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong}.]
The founders of this Government, with that
rare and practical wisdom for which they were
so distinguished, took care to provide, as far
as might be, for a wise and independent judi-
ciary. They accordingly ordained in the funda-
mental law, in the Constitution itself, that the
Federal judges should hold office during good
behavior, and that their emoluments should not
be diminished. And when, in 1789, Congress
came to organize the Supreme Court, it fixed
the salary of the Chief J ustice at $4,000, and
of the associate justices at $3,500 in coin. The
entire civil list of the Government that year
footen up hut $219,000, while this very appro-
priation bill which we are considering, with |
the amendments put upon it by the House
will foot up from twenty to twenty-two million
dollars.
Now, having regard to the resources of the
Government, to the manner iu which out-
people are now_ accustomed to live, to the
emoluments received for professional services
at the bar, or to the purchasing-power of a
given sum of money, the salaries of the judges
of the Supreme Court, as fixed in 1789, were
more nearly equivalent to $20,000 a year than
even to the larger of the sums now named,
that proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Armstrong.] The salaries thus
fixed at the commencement of the Govern-
ment were not increased until the year 1855,
when Congress raised them to $6,000 a year.
Since then there has been no increase in the
salaries of our Supreme judges, although I sub-
mit that the purchasing-power of $0,000 iu
1855 was quite equal to the purchasing-power
of $12,000 now.
Congress has heretofore, from time to time,
increased the pay of its own members, until
we now receive, in addition to our traveling
expenses and some other minor emoluments,
a salary of $5,000 a year; a sum, considering
the amount of labor we perform, and the dig-
nity and importance of the service we render,
very much more in proportion than is paid
to the justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Sir, in the discussion of this subject now and
during the last session, so far as I have noticed,
no gentleman has failed to admit that a salary
of $6,000 a year is at this time grossly inade-
quate either to the dignily and importance
of the office or to the emoluments which any
man can command in the profession of the law
who possesses the ability and character to prop-
erly fill such a place. Even before the great
expenses of living, necessary of late years, one
of the most eminent and useful justices of this
very Supreme Court was compelled to retire
from the bench because he was not able to live
upon his salary. And I have heard of a judge
lately appointed, whose professional emolu-
ments while he was pursuing his profession
could hardly have been less than §25,000 a
year, who is now compelled to live in two
small rooms of a hotel in this city because his
salary will not enable him to maintain a house
here for his family.
Why, sir, in the State of Nevada, that paltry
State—not paltry in the character of the gen-
tlemen who so ably represent it in Congress,
but paltry in its population and resources as
compared with the entire United Stales—tlio
judges receive $7,000 a year, and this for act-
ing as judges over a population of some thirty
thousand miners, scattered among the plains
and mountains of that sparsely-settled but
promising young State. _
In England, Mr. Chairman, as I took occa-
sion to suggest to this House during its last
session, the administration of justice has been
of the purest and the wisest; and I maintain
that the purest and wisest administration of
justice is by far the most economical for any
country, no matter how great the salaries paid
to secure it. But in no country iu the world
has a judge a more permanent tenure of office,
nor such great pay and emoluments as in Eng-
land. There the judges receive salaries of
from twenty to fifty thousand dollars a year;
their tenure of office is absolute during good
behavior ; and when they come to retire from
the bench it is upon an adequate and corre-
sponding pension. And what, sir, is the result?
it is that the best men in the profession look
forward as the end and aim of their profes-
sional life to fill seats upon the bench. And
so high is the standard set by the profession
for tlie men who are to fill those important
posts, that no administration in that country
dare put a man upon the bench who is not
eminently fit by character and capacity to
worthily discbarge its duties.
Oh, Mr. Chairman, there is uo pconomy like
the economy of a good judge. The diffeience
