1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
said that this matter had practically passed
by, and that it was of no account whether we
agreed or not. So that, by general consent,
they supported the Senate bill, we the House
bill. On both sides we agreed not to agree ;
and we simply come here to make that report.
I, therefore, make the motion which was sub-
mitted in the Senate, to adhere, and thus
leave the matter where it is.
The SPEAKER. A motion to recede will
take precedence of a motion to adhere.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Connecticut yield to me for live minutes?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was a member of the
first conference committee on this question,
and in what I said I referred to the disagree-
ment in that committee. Now, if this bill
should fail and both the Admiral and the Vice
Admiral should die or resign before action has
been had on this subject by Congress, two of the
rear admirals would succeed to these places.
It was the desire of the House arid of the
Senate these two offices should be abolished
whenever vacancies in them may occur; and
now, simply because we cannot induce the
Senate to acid some other officers, is it worth
while for us to lose the measilre abolishing
after the terms ofthe present incumbents these
two offices as we have done with reference to
the General and Lieutenant General of the
Army? If the House should recede from its
disagreement, we pass the bill and accomplish
as I understand one purpose which both Houses
have had in view. I make the motion to
recede.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now yield for
a moment to the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I understand
that the struggle upon this question is a strug-
gle for reform, i understand that there is a
desire to reduce the number of officers of the
higher ranks in the Navy; that there is a gen-
eral feeling in both branches of Congress and
throughout the country that the ranks and
numbers of the different grades are altogether
out of proportion to the needs of the service.
I do not know the particular position which
this report now assumes, for I came into the
House after it had been presented; but it seems
to me that it would be better to let this ques-
tion go over, instead of foreclosing by action
ofthe House at this time the question presented
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
in his proposition to strike from existence the
ranks of Admiral and Vice Admiral, which
were created during the war for particular
persons and with a view to reward specially
meritorious services. Instead of foreclosing
that question, and perhaps by our action pre-
cluding the possibility of carrying out hereafter
the policy sought to be inaugurated by the
gentlemau from Illinois, I think that we should
adhere to our disagreement on this bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. There was no
feeling in the committee, either on the part of
the Senate or the House conferees, against the
Admiral. The question was this: whether we
should simply let these officers serve out the
official terms for which they have already been
appointed, or whether we should indorse the
idea of keeping up this extravagant number
of high officers in the Navy. The disagree
ment does not affect Admiral Porter in his
present position; we simply adhere to^ the
action of the House and sustain the position
that now in time of peace we do not want these
offices to continue after the service of the
present incumbents shall have ceased. Wedo
not propose to go back on the sentiment which
has been expressed by a three-fourths vote ot
the House, and say that we need the continua-
tion of these offices beyond the expiration of
the terms of those who now occupy the posi-
tions. Such a course on the part of the House
would be really a self stultification.
Mr. SCOFIELD. You do not propose to
abolish the offices?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We do not abol-
ish anything; the result reached is a disagree-
ment between the Senate and the House. The
House conferees recommend to the House ad-
herence to its action, so that when the term
of service of these officers shall expire this
House will have been committed to the senti-
ment that the number of naval officers of the
higher grades ought to be reduced. The ac-
tion how proposed does not affect the Admiral
and Vice Admiral in their present positions.
The disagreement between the Senate and the
House allows thern to serve out their terms;
but hereafter, when their terms of service
shall have ceased, we do not want to have the
House committed to the policy of needlessly
continuing, in time of peace, these high offices
with extravagant salaries.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Unless we pass this bill
somebody will step up and take these places
whenever a .vacancy may occur.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We do not pro-
pose that any bill be passed. We recommend
that the House stand by its past action, and
the conferees on the part of the Senate recom-
mend that body to stand by its position.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the House recedes the
bill will become a law; and in that case, when
a vacancy shall occur in either of these offices,
the office will be abolished.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Shall we stultify
ourselves by going back on a position affirmed
by a three-fourths vote of the House simply
because three gentlemen representing the Sen-
ate say that that body must adhere to its action ?
It is the action taken with reference to the
Army. It does not interfere with the Admiral;
it does not interfere with General Sherman.
But we are not to be pledged hereafter to keep
up these positions when not needed in time of
peace.
committee to wait ox tiie president.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I submit the
usual resolution for the appointment of a com-
mittee to wait on the President.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That there be appointed a committee
of three members of the House, to join such commit-
tee of the Senate as they may appoint, to wait on
the President of the United States and inform him
that, if he has 110 further eomniunieation to make,
the two Ilouses are ready to adjourn.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsidcr be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair nominates the
following committee, under the resolution jnst
adopted: Mr. Garfield of Ohio, Mr. Mercpr
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Cox of New York.
message from tub president.
A message received from the President, by
Mr. Porter, one of his secretaries, notified
the House that he had approved and signed
bills and joint resolutions of the following
UtAnaet (H. R. No. 089) for the relief of
Hull & Cozzens, and John Naylor & Co.;
An act (H. R. No. 232G) granting a pension
to Henry Barton ;
An act (H. R. No. 2231) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Wells;
An act (H. II. No. 2303) granting a pension
to Chauncey H. Goodall;
An act (H. 11. No. 3003) granting a pension
to J ohn Preveaux, a citizen ot Amesbury, Mas-
sachusetts ;
An act (II. R. No. 266) for the relief of
Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal
at West Troy, New York;
An act (H. R. No. 3036) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2810) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30; 1872, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 307C) granting a pension
to Lucy Marden;
An act (H. R. No. 3004) making appropria-
tions for certain sundry civil expenses ot" the
Government for the year ending June 30,1872,
&nd for other purposes;
An act (H. It. No. 2995) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and
for former years, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2237) granting a pension
to Bridget Angus ; *
An act (H. R. No. 289) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 80, 1872, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2524) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872:
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 420) for the
relief of William P. Thomasson; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 488) to enable
owners to obtain duplicate of lost and destroyed
registered bonds ofthe United States.
admiltal and vice adjiiral.
The House resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the bill abol-
ishing the office of Admiral and Vice Admiral
in the Navy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a little as to this matter of the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon this bill
in relation to the office of Admiral. Before
Admiral Porter was nominated this House
passed a bill abolishing the grade of Admiral
by a very large majority. That bill went to the
Senate. The Senate held it in their posses-
sion until Admiral Porter and Admiral Rowan
were nominated and until they were confirmed
by the Senate, becoming thereby Admiral and
Vice Admiral. Thereupon the Senate took
up the House bill and amended it by adding
that these grades should become vacant after
the death or resignation of the two present
incumbents, so that there is nothing in this
bill to abolish the grades of Admiral and Vice
Admiral until the death or resignation of the
present incumbents. Thereupon a conference
was ordered, and the first committee, on which
I had the honor to serve with my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] differed on this
point. We said we will agree to this bill,
although it is against the action of the House,
provided you will agree that as fast as the rear
admirals and commodores die out their offices
shall die out with them. The Senate con-
ferees refused to agree to allow the one hun-
dred and eighteen officers of the Navy of the
rank corresponding to that of brigadier gen-
eral in the Army to be reduced as fast as the
present officers die out. and there we disagreed.
Now, it is proposed that we recede from our
action and agree to the proposition of the Sen-
ate. That I for one cannot consent to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope the House
will not recede. 1 wish now to close the dis-
cussion, and call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; which was first on
Mr. Scofield:s motion that the House recede
from its disagreement to the amendments of
the Senate and concur therein.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
51, noes 72.
Mr. SCOFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Starkweather
and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a point
of order. I desire to know of the Chair
whether it is not the privilege of a member at
any time to make a parliamentary inquiry /
The SPEAKER. It is not. When a gen-
tleman rises to a point of order, that is one
thing. When he rises to make ajariiament-
ary inquiry that is another thing.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to make
a parliamentary inquiry of the Chair as to tha
