1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 3,
rules of the House. Can I not make such an
inquiry?
The SPEAKER. That would not be con-
sidered a privileged matter at all. The Chair
will inform the gentleman that if he had a
point of order he could raise that when on
the floor. But the gentleman cannot stop a
division to inform himself about a rule. The
Manual is provided for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire a rul-
ing of the Chair upon a certain point of order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman has a
p^int of order, he will state it.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to know
if, after the resolution adopted this morning
on the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] I would now be in
order, before this Congress expires, to move
the following resolution :
He it revolved bp the Senate and House of Represent-
atives ot the United States of America in Conaresa
assembled. That all political disabilities imposed by
the third section ot the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States are hereby
removed.
[Laughter.]
The tellers took their places; and the House
having again divided, the tellers reported—
ayes 108, noes 40.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Stevens called for the yeas and nays.
The question was put on ordering the yeas
and nays ; and there were—ayes forty ; a suffi-
cient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
committee to wait on the president.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, but
was interrupted by
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, who said: The
committee appointed to wait upon the Presi-
dent have discharged that duty, and they are
authorized to report that the President has no
further communication to make to this Con-
gress except to announce the signing of sundry
bills.
The Clerk resumed the call of the roll, but
was interrupted by a
m1cssaq13 from the president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, one of his secretaries, announced
that the President had approved and signed
bills of the following titles:
A bill (II. R. No. 293G) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hauuegan, and John Han-
negan; and
A bill (H. R. No. 308G) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg.
adjournment sine die.
The Clerk continued the calling of the roll
until the name of Mr. Kerr was reached and
called, when, (the hour of twelve o'clock m.
having arrived.)
The SPHAKKR (interrupting the roll-call)
said:
Gentlemen of the House of Represent-
atives: Our labors are at an end; but I delay
the linal adjournment long enough to return my
most profound and respectful thanks for the
commendation which you have been pleased
to bestow upon my official course and conduct.
In a deliberative body of this character
a presiding officer is fortunate if he retains
the confidence and steady support of his polit-
ical associates. Beyond that you give me
the assurance that I have earned the respect
and good-will of those from whom I am sep-
arated by party lines. Your expressions are
most grateful to me, and are most gratefully
acknowledged.
The Congress whose existence closes with
(his hour enjoys a memorable distinction. It
is 1 he first in which all the States have been
represented on this floor since the baleful win-
ter that preceded our late bloody war. Ten
years have passed since then—years of trial
ar d of triumph ; years of wild destruction and
years of careful rebuilding; and after all, and
as the result of all, the national Government
is here to-day, united, strong, proud, defiant,
and just, with a territorial area vastly expanded
and with three additional States represented
on the folds of its flag. For these prosperous
fruits of our great struggle let us humbly give
thanks to the God of battles and to the Prince
of Peace.
And now, gentlemen, with one more expres-
sion of the obligation I feel for the consider-
ate kindness with which you have always sus-
tained me, I perform the only remaining duty
of my office, in declaring, as I now do, that the
House of Representatives of the Forty-First
Congress is adjourned without day.
[Great applause on the floor and in the gal-
leries.]  
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. CORKER: The petition of Nicholas
Diehlo, for the removal of legal and political
disabilities.
Also, the petition of Simeon "Wallace, of
Burke county, Georgia, for the removal of his
legal and political disabilities.
By Mr. LYNCH: Resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Maine, in favor of a sys-
tem of storm warnings in Maine ; also, relative
to wrongs practiced upon Indians.
By Mr. MYERS: The memorial of Albert
Grant, for paymentfor certain extra work upon
and increased cost of fire-proof store house
constructed at Schuylkill arsenal, in the city
of Philadelphia, in the years 1807 and 18G8.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Rich-
mond T. Lacy, of New Kent county, Virginia,
praying the removal of the legal and political
disabilities imposed upon him by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
By Mr. TWICIIELL: A resolution of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, concerning the
legislation of the Canadian Dominion upon
the fisheries upon the northeast coast.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN: A petition of 238
citizens against wholesale shipment of coolie
labor.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 0, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newmas,
D. D.
Hon. Lot M. Morrill, of Maine, appeared
in his seat to-day.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings, and was inter-
rupted by
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have four or five little
House pension bills that I think it quite im-
portant to pass. If the Senate are willing to
dispense with the reading of the Journal to
allow me to make these reports and have the
bills passed now, I shall be very much obliged
to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senate that, the body having been
in session until half past twelve last night, the
Journal is not fully written up. If there be no
objection, the reading will be dispensed with.
The Senator from Vermont asks consent
to report pension bills. The Chair hears no
objection.
pension bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. II. No. 2303) granting a pension
to Chauncey H. Goodale, to reportitfavorably
and ask to have it put on its passage.
By unanimous coftsent, the bill (II. R. No.
2303) grantingapension to Chauncey H. Good-
aie was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Chauncey H. Good-
ale late a private in company H, fourth Ver-
mont volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2231) granting a pension to
Benjamin F. Wells, to report it back, without
amendment, and ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2231) granting a pension to Benjamin F. Wells
was considered as in Committee of Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Benjamin P. Wells, late a
first lieutenant in company H, eighth regiment
New Hampshire volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed bythe
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. Np. 232G) granting a pension to
Henry Barton, to report it back without amend-
ment and ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (II. R. No.
232(3) granting a pension to Henry Barton was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Henry Barton, late a private in
second battalion seventy-second regiment, Vet-
eran Reserve corps.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same co mmittee, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2334) granting a pension to Adam
Correll, to report it back without amendment
and ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2334) granting a pension to Adam Correll was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Adam Correll, late a scout and
guide in the employ of the United States forces
in Kentucky, at the rate of eight dollars per
month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3003)
grantinga pension to John Preveaux, a citizen
of Amesbury, Massachusetts, have directed me
to report it back without amendment and a&k
to have it put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill (II. R. No.
3003) granting a pension to John Preveaux, a
citizen of Amesbury, Massachusetts, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John Preveaux, late a private
in Captain Whitney's company, first regiment
of artillery, upon the pension-roll, and to pay
him a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 2331) granting a pension to
Rachel W. Huston, to report it back without
amendment, and ask for its present consider-
ation.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2331) granting a pension to Rachel W. Hus-
ton was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretaiy
