TfiiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
between ffie present appropriation and the
sum to which the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong] proposes
to increase it, is not to be mentioned in com-
parison with the saving and advantage to the
public which a great and" good judge will effect
by the superior weight and authority and wis-
dom of his decisions over those Of another
judge equally honest, but with not the same
ability for the administration Of justice. I
trust, therefore, that the House will not accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] but will at least 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. This is a difficult question,
and I may say a serious one, one which I think
should be examined on all sides. It is one
that has engaged the attention of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, as well as of the two
gentlemen who have proposed amendments to
this bill. I have become satisfied, Mr. Chair-
man, that the time has come when it is not
only proper but absolutely necessary to increase
the compensation of the judges of the Supreme
Court. The only question in my mind is, at
what sum ought their pay to be fixed. I think
we should look at this question with care. We
can raise the salaries of these judges at any
time; but we can never reduce them. There-
fore, fewer evils will arise if we fix the pay too
low than if we fix it too high. While these
judges constitute the most important depart-
ment, or one of the most important depart-
ments of the Government, while their responsi-
bility is great, while more hangs upon their
character than upon that of any other depart-
ment, yet in the matter of their compensation
we ought not to run wild; we ought not to
adopt, oUt of our personal regard for the
judges themselves or our higher regard for
the dignity and importance of their office, a
higher rate of compensation than we shall find
justifiable when we come to apply the rule to
other officers. The purity of the office, I am
happy to believe, has never depended on its
compensation. Regardless of the question of
compensation, the reputation of these judges
is without spot or blemish, and will, I doubt
not, continue so to be.
But, sir, in these times of large expenses
and high prices of living, what was a fair com-
pensation ten years ago is evidently inadequate
now. "We have taken this fact into considera-
tion. Within the last few years we have pro-
vided a pension for the judges of the Supreme
Court, so that they can now look forward with-
out apprehension to the time when it may b<?
necessary for them, on account of age or
infirmity, to retire from Hie beuch, knowing
that they will continue to receive a comfort-
able support which is a standing tribute from
the people of the United Sl ates to their official
integrity and judicial learning. These judges
now have what they have never had till the
laBt two years—a provision for a pension equal
to theit full salary ifrhen they are performing
the duties of the office. This fact ought not
to be overlooked when we are determining
what is a proper sum to be allowed as salaries
to these officers.
Taking all things into consideration, it does
seem to me that an addition of $2,000 to the
salary of these judges is all that we are justi-
fied at this time in making. I believe that we
are justified and called upon to do this much ;
and X shall support most cheerfully the amend-
inentof the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
I eannot support the original proposition, to
add $4,000 to the present salaries in addition
to the pension for life. Under such a provis-
ion the judges would receive an annual salary
of $10,000, and after ten years service On the
bench a retiring pension of §10,000 per annum
for the remainder of their lives.
I only want to add that $8,000 is more than
twice the salary fixed for these judges Mien
the court was established. There is no instance,
so far as I know, in which official salaries have
beda more than doubled in consequence of
increased duty and increased cost of living. I
urge upon our friends here to be cautious lest
in their anxiety, commendable as it is, to pay
these judges adequately,- they raise unduly
these salaries, which, under the Constitution,
can never be lowered; for, according to the
provision of the Constitution, we may increase
them, but we cannot diminish them. I sub-
mit that $2,000 is a sufficient addition.
If time allowed I should like to comment
upon the plan, of which, as my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstkokg] has so frankly
stated, this is a part, to carry this large increase
through the entire judiciary of the land. I do
think that the gentleman forgets 
Mr. BECK. The gentleman will allow me
to suggest that $8,000 a year is precisely the
pay which each of the Cabinet officers now
receive. If we now raise the salaries of these
judges to $8,000 we put them in respect to
compensation upon a footing with the Cabinet
officers.
Mr. DAWES. I go for that.
Mr. BECK. I know that the gentleman
does; and I merely offer this suggestion in
support of his position.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Appropria-
tions whether, if I accept the amendment
fixing these salaries at $8,000 and §8,500, he
will assent to a corresponding increase in the
payof the circuit and district judges?
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not want
to pledge myself to a general increase. I do
think there are some of these district judges
whose pay ought to be increased; but I do not
think that a general increase would be advis-
able. There are certain district judges who
might be mentioned—I do not want to name
them on this floor—whose pay the gentleman
himself would not think ought to be increased.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Chairman, all I
have to say in reply is that there are but very
few judges in the district court who would
come within the purview of the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks.]
In New Hampshire there may be one judge
whose duties are light. But the State is entitled
to a district court. And so you may go over the
United States, and pick out here and there one
ortwo cither judges whose labors are not heavy.
But, sir, we cannot make any invidious dis-
tinctions between the judges of the district
court. I think there are many judges whose
labors are greatly beyond the compensation
they receive. I can speak of the western dis-
trict of Pennsylvania as a matter within my
own knowledge. 1 know the time of that judge
has been employed for years past, from ten to
eleven months every year, in sitting on the
bench, while the number of cases on the cal-
endar is increasing constantly. His labor calls
for a milch higher compensation than this bill
proposes to give him.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in reply to suggestions
of gentlemen, let us see what will be the amount
if the proposed amendment be adopted. In
the Supreme Court we will have one Chief
Justice, at $10,500, atid eight associate judges
at $10,000 each, $80,000 ; making $90,500 in
all for nine judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States. For the circuit court, nine cir-
cuit judges, at $8,000 each, will be $72,000.
For the district courts, fifty one district judges,
at $6,000 each, will be $306,000. That is for
tho States. Ni'ne district judges for the Terri-
tories, at $4,000 each, would amount to $36,000.
Then, we have one chief justice of the Court
of Claims at $6,500, and four associate judges,
at $6,000, making in all $80,500; one chief
justice of the District of Columbia at $6,500,
and three associate judges at $6,000 each,
amounting to $24,500. Now, the entire foot-
ing of the increased salaries proposed under the
motion I have made is $559,500. The increase
by my proposition over the existing law would
be $197,500. I say that $500,000, half a
million dollars, expended for salaries of the
judges of the United States, is tt sum this
House ought not to hesitate one moment to
pass. The responsibility and the'hibor in con-
sequence of the vast amount of impor'ta-nt busi-
ness which falls within the jui-isdictiem of these
judges are more than half a million, and there
should be no hesitation in granting salaries to
that amount..
Now, sir, while I am willing to give these
judges all we can get for them, I know there
are members in the House who are not willing
to raise the salaries of these judges beyond
$10,500 for the Chief Justice and $10,000 for
the associate justices. That sum, certainly, is
not more than their services and labors entitle
them to. I believe it is within the experience
of every lawyer upon this floor that there is
not a judge of the Supreme Court who could
not leave it to-day and increase his compensa-
tion to double that amount. We have had
one judge already of the Supreme Court of the
United States who wsls compelled to resign for
want of sufficient salary to meet his annual
expenses; and in order to keep up the present
high character of that court there ought not
to be the least hesitation on the part of this
House to vote them fair and adequate com-
pensation for the responsible and laborious
duties which they are called upon to discharge.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman, I ask the atten-
tion of the House for one moment. Now, is
this a time to enter upon a general raising of
the salaries of the officers of this Government,
when there is not a single branch of business
now carried on, from one end of ttie country
to the other, that is not suffering under de-
pression, and when there is not a single branch
of business where those employed in it are not
feeling taxation as they have not felt it in any
of the years that are passed ? Yet we hear the
argument upon this floor that we must increase
these salaries, because of the enhanced price
of living. The truth is that the reverse is the
fact. The expenses of living have been de-
creased more than fifty per cent, in the last,
two years.
Now, no man can deny that these judges of
the Supreme Court are far better off in respect
to compensation than the Cabinet officers.
Cabinet officers come here only for four years,
and they have to bear expenses of living from
which judges of the Supreme Court are ex-
empted. They come here and remain during
the will of the Executive, which may be for a
longer or a shorter time; and when they go
back to their homes they have to pick up as
best they may the business which they left. On
the contrary, the judges of the Supreme Court
hold their positions for life, and the compen-
sation which tbey now receive is so acceptable
that members of the profession crowd forward
to secure the position whenever any vacancy
occurs. If one judge leaves the bench because
of the inadequacy of the compensation there
are hundreds equally as competent ready to
step forward and take his place. When they
leave the bench they are pensioned and pro-
vided for during life handsomely, which puts
them beyond the fear of want. And if gentle-
men upon the Democratic side of the House
are anxious to double all these salaries, and are
ready to make these raids upon the Treasury
to the full length to which they can reach their
arms, I tell gentlemen on this side of the House
that it becomes so much the more their duty
to curtail and diminish the expenses of this
Government and stop these raids upon the
Treasury.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Chairman, there is
no greater necessity in a well-organized State
than the wise and impartial administration of
justice; and that cannot be had except ihrough-
a learned and independent jndiciary. The
object of establishing courts under the Consti-
tution and of according salaries to the judges
of those courts is to obtain learned and inde-
pendent judges to administer the laws 6f the
country; and there is no greater curse to any
