1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Rachel W. Huston,
widow of Chancy P. Huston, late a corporal
in company Gr, sixty-first Pennsylvania volun-
teers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the credentials
of Henry G- Davis, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of West Virginia a Senator from
that State for the term commencing March 4,
1871 ; which were read, and ordered to be
filed.
Mr. DA.VIS presented the credentials of
John W. Stevenson, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Kentucky a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4,1871;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
IIOUSE BILLS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, under
the twenty-fourth rule of the Senate, before
commencing the receipt of morning business,
lays before the body bills received from the
House of Representatives.
The bill (H. R. No. 3072) to ana end an act
to fix the times for the regular meetings of
Congress, passed January 22, 1867, was read
twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a bill in
regard to the members of the present Congress
who maybe elected hereafter to the next Con-
fress, which is to assemble to-morrow, from
tates which jare not now represented. It will
be read in fall, subject to objection.
The bill was read. It provides that the
second section of the act of January 22, 1867,
shall not apply to members of Congress who
shall be appointed or elected after the day fixed
for the firstmeeting of Congress, although such
members were also members of the previous
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that bill lie
on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (EL R. No. 3074) for removal of
disabilities of certain persons within named
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this bill relieves certain persons in
Tennessee, as he understands; but the State
is not named. The counties are named, but
not the State. The bill will lie on the table
for the present, unless some other motion be
made.
YELLOWSTONE EXPEDITION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, com-
municating the report of Lieutenant Gustavus
C. Doane, upon the so-called Yellowstone
expedition of 1S70; which was referred to the
Committee oa Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Humphrey A.. Cowden, of Tennessee, praying
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. POMEROY,
Ordered, That John E. Tappan have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers iroui the flies ot the
Senate.
HE PORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
bills asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to :
A bill (S. No. 40) granting a pension to
Eliza Shelton, Nancy Shelton, Cerena Met-
calf, Nancy King, Patsey J. Shelton, Sarah
Metcalf, Cloa Shelton, and Mary Franklin,
and their children under the age of sixteen
years;
A bill (H. R. No. 2866) to amend an act
relating to pensions, approved July 27, 1868 ;
A bill (S. No. 838) for the relief of Allan
Rutherford;
A bill (H. R. No. 2228) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cupp;
A bill (H. R. No. 2229) increasing the pen-
sion of Joseph Burnham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2238) granting a pension
to minor children of Charles T. Hiltibedal;
A bill (H. R. No. 2327) granting a pension
to Margaret Kent; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3004) for the relief of
Reuben Thomas and George Brown.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, &c., asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion; which was agreed to:
The petition of Sarah S. Stafford, praying
to be allowed a pension;
The petition of Annie Holladay, praying to
be allowed a pension;
The petition of J. D. N. Thompson, praying
to be allowed a pension;
The petition of William D. Heltsley, late of
company D, twenty-fifth Kentucky volunteers,
praying pay and allowances for services in the
Army during the late war and a pension;
The petition of Almira H. Thompson, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension;
The petition of Mary E. Tripp, praying that
a pension be granted to Anna Augusta Tripp;
The petition ofF. A. Liscomb, guardian of
Sarah J. Bradley, praying a "pension for his
ward;
The petition of John McMillan, praying to
be allowed a pension ;
The petition of Peggy F. Gibbs, praying an
increase of pension ;
A petition of citizens of Adair county, Mis-
souri, praying that a pension be granted to
John Shafer;
. The petition of William O. Sides, praying to
be allowed a pension;
Additional papers in relation to the claim of
Joseph Buckland, for arrears of pension ; and
The resolution of the Legislature of Kansas
in favor of placing the victims of the Lawrence
massacre, in 1863, in the same position as
regards pensions as though they had been
killed in the military service of the United
States.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
John Hegeman, prayiag for a compensation
for the use on the part of the Government of
the United States of certain improvements
made by him in pontoon boats, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which wa<J ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1280) to change the name of the steam-
boat 11. L. Mabey to the Florida, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
moved that it be indefinitely postponed; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 1362) to amend the fourteenth sec-
tion of an act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,
approved March 2, 1867, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was r eferred the bill (H. R. No. 2573) to change
the time of holding the terms of the circuit and
district courts at La Crosse, in the western di^
trict of Wisconsin, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
who were by a resolution of the Senate directed
to examine and report as to the authority of
Congress to regulate the fare and transporta-
tion on railroads between the States, have in-
structed me to report it back and state to the
Senate that this matter has been particularly
in charge of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] now detained from the Senate by
illness, and that a majority of the committee
are not prepared at this time to answer the
resolution. We ask, therefore, to be discharged
from its further consideration.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION Ok' DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution of the
House of Representatives providing for the
distribution of documents printed during the
term of the Forty-First Congress, have in-
structed me to report the same back with an
amendment, and I ask for its present consid-
eration. I ask that the resolution be read as
it will stand if amended as the committee pro-
pose, and then I will explain what the amend-
ment is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read as it would stand it' amended as
proposed by the Committee on Printing.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That one half of all documents
ordered to be printed by the two Houses oi Congress
or by law, during the term of the Forty-First Con-
gress, for distribution among the members of Con-
gress, which maybe printed and ready for distribu-
tion prior to the 1st day of December, 1871, be dis-
tributed among the members of the Forty-First
Congress, leaving tbo remaining half for members
of the Forty-Second Congress; and that the Con-
gressional Printer and the otiieers ol each House
make such distribution in accordance with this
resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the resolution passed
the House of Representatives it provided that
all documents ordered during the present Con-
gress which may be printed up to tbe 1st of
December next, the commencement of the
regular session, shall be distributed to the
members of the present Congress in both
Houses. The custom of the Senate always
has been, and it seems to me it is the proper
and gentlemanly way of arranging it, to divide
the documents equally between the incoming
and the outgoing Senator. That has always
been the rule in this body, and I presume, as
a matter of course, the Senate would not wish
to vary its own practice on this question ; and
therefore the committee have amended the
House resolution so as to apply the practice
of the Senate to both Houses. It will then
be for the House of Representatives to concur
or not as it sees fit. It did not seem to the
committee that it was very proper that this
matter should be the subject of a concurrent
resolution, being a matter of which each House
should have the entire disposition for itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Printing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was concurred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. While I am up I will
submit a motion relating to the order of busi-
ness that, 1 think, will create no discussion.
I move that after the passage of the last
general appropriation bill, the Calendar of
House bills shall be taken up and proceeded
with upon all the unobjected cases, lhere
are four or five hundred bills that have passed
the House that have been considered in com-
mittee and gone through all the stages of
legislation up to final passage. It seems a
pity that those which are not objected to
should be lost with the expiration of the ses-
sion. I do not see any way in which we can
employ our time so profitably as in considering
those bills, a single objection carrying any one
over
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks consent that after the sun-
dry civil appropriation bill shall be disposed
of, while the Senate is waiting for reports of
conference committees; th§ consideration ot
