50®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Hoar,'] who said that the Supreme Court of
the United States, measured by its jurisdic-
tion, is a judicial tribunal never before paral-
leled in the history of the world.
Members should also consider that since the
salaries of the supreme judges were fixed in
1855 the matters that come within the juris-
diction of that tribunal for final decision have
been greatly increased by reason of additional
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States. That tribunal may hereafter exercise
a jurisdiction which it never before-was per-
mitted to exercise; to pass upon the legislation
of a State upon the petition of a single citizen,
in a case like that which came before it once
upon the petition of a citizen of Massachusetts.
Hereafter the Supreme Court will not be driven
to seek lor jurisdiction in the provisions of an
existing treaty, as in the case of Worcester
and Butler vs. Georgia, but will find its juris-
diction _,in the very text of the Constitution
itself, giving to Congress the power to legislate
and to the courts the power to decide in cases
where the rights of a citizen have been invaded
by the arbitrary will of a State.
This being so, we should consider the ques-
tion of what is_ due to the court. That the
salaries of the judges are now loo low is evi-
dent to the whole country. Your Chief Magis-
trate has in his messages to Congress twice
. recommended that those salaries should be
increased. A message containing that recom-
mendation at this very session is now before
us for consideration.
Now, in order to harmonize differences of
opinion, I suggest to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr.aitmstroxg] to accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hale,] which seems to meet the approval of
the chairman ot the Committee on Appropri-
ations, [Mr. Dawes.] Saying this, however,
I am free to confess that if it were left to my
election 1 would vote for the larger sum; and
having voted it, 1 would be satisfied that I had
voted no more than was due to the court and
to the people behind the court.
I believe, in the language of the chiefest
ol our judges—I do not fail to recognize
the ability ol those who have occupied seats
since, when I designate Chief Justice Marshall
as the chiefest ol all our judges—1 believe
he expressed the very ideas advanced to day
by the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoak,] when lie prayed that
Heaven would save the American people from
a dependent judiciary.
I am shocked by the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, 1 Mr. Ela,] that
the judicial ollices of this nation, the highest
judicial offices ever filled anywhere upon earth,
are to be let to the lowest bidder. He asked
whether we could not find men willing to accept
the position of judges of the Supreme Court
at the present salary. Doubtless you might
find such men.
Mr. ELA. I asked if the leading legal talent
or this country was not crowding to get those
places now.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. I du not believe the lead-
mg legal talent of this country ever crowded
to get those places. The office has hitherto
sought the talent ol the country, and has found
it. ifie question we are now dealing with is
whether we will meet the recommendation of
the Executive in some way to increase the
salary of the judges of the Supreme Court of
the United States. I hope the gentleman will
accept the amendment and let us have a vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I do not
desire, after this protracted debate, to detaiu
the House. But two suggestions have been
made—one by my colleague [Mr. Kelsey]
and the other by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. ElaJ—to which i wish to
say a word in reply. Both these gentlemen
tell us that the condition of the country is
such that we should now make none but un-
avoidable expenditures. My colleague re-
marked that the Republican party could not.
bear so heavy a load as would be the increase
of these salaries according to the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Armstrong ;] an increase in the aggregate,
however, of only $32,000 a year. And yet on
yesterday we passed in this House a bill extend-
ing the time in which to file bounty claims—
a bill which, as I am informed, will swell the
liabilities of the Government $2,000,000—
without either of those gentlemen or any other
member of the House x-aising his voice in
objection.
Mr. "VVELKER. That bill was in the inter-
est of the soldiers.
Mr. POTTER. Whether of soldiers or of
bounty-brokers is not material, if the measure
was jilst. I do not say that it was not just, and
I did not object to it. But vast as were the
amounts affected by it, it never excited even
a ripple of objection from any mau on this
floor. Indeed we all know that propositions
involving the expenditure of sums many times
greater than the aggregate increase now pro-
posed in these salaries, frequently pass through
this House without consideration and without
debate ; and yet gentlemen tell us the country
will not now bear the paltry increase in these
inadequate salaries, necessary to do even par-
tial justice to these most important and most
worthy public servants.
The other objection these gentlemen urged
was, in the language of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] that lawyers all
over the country are crowding to get these
places, and that we can secure the best legal tal-
ent of the country for the miserable salaries now
paid. It is true, sir, that seventy years of service
upon that supreme bench, by a succession of
the wisest and purest men in the United States,
have won for that court the respect and honor
of all men throughout the land. There is no
branch of the Government for which the people
of the United States feel such reverence as for
the judiciary of the United States. But, sir,
because the long service of these honorable
men has made this office one which may well
excite the ambition of any man, however suc-
cessful in the legal profession, that surely is no
reason why Congress should prey upon the am-
bition or the patriotism of the lawyers of the
country when it is fixing the salaries of these
judicial positions. For, as I begto remind the
House, the first duty of a Government is to
maintain justice; and there can be no justice in
fixing such insignificant salaries for men whose
abilities and character would command at the
bar three or even five times the sum they receive
for their services upon the bench.
Gentlemen talk about cabinet ministers giv-
ing up their business at home to come here for
temporary employment at a salary of $8,000
a year. Why, sir, no man, in coming here to
occupy a position in the Cabinet comes for the
mere sake of the compensation he receives
as such from the Government. Men come
here to take these great position as one of the
steps in a political life. They accept these
places to gratify their love of power, or from
their desire to associate with the distinguished
gentlemeH who are assembled here, like my
friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela.]
They come in pursuit of ambition or pleasure
or the desire for_usefulness; and when their
official teims end they return to their former
vocations. But a pian who takes a seat upon
this supreme bench retires permanently from
professional pursuits, to devote his time and
talent to the service of this Government; and
for this service, upon the character and ability
of which our whole system of Government in a
degree depends, we pay a miserable pittance
which compels the supreme judges of this land,
unless they have private means of their own,
to live in two rooms at a hotel. Surely this is
not justice. Neither, sir, is it economy. True
economy 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, every
year, ! believe, since I have been a member
of this House, when the annual appropriation
bill has come to be considered, there has been
a raid made upon us to increase the salaries
of the judges of the Supreme Court. We
have been told heretofore, as we are told to-
day, that this increase is necessary in order
that we may command the talent of the coun-
try, in order that we may have an independ-
ent judiciary, and that the great interests
dependent npon the decisions of these judges
may be properly cared for. Mr. Chairman, I
am unable in the light of history to see the
force of that argument.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Pot- .
teb] has told us very eloquently of the sal-
aries which the judges of the English courts
receive. He contrasts those salaries with the
pay received by our judges, and argues that
we should conform to the English system by
paying extravagant salaries in order that we
may command better talent. I ask the gentle-
man from New York whether he means to
imply that our judges would suffer in any
respect by a comparison' with the judges of
the English courts, although the latter are
paid much more than ours; and whether he
means that we shall adopt England as a model
in regard to the payment of salaries of offi-
cers other than judicial ? For if the argument
applies in the one case it is equally potent in
the other. If the gentleman wishes me to *
yield for an answer 1 will do so.
Mr. POTTER. To whom does the gentle-
man refer?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I refer to the judges of
the Supreme Court.
Mr. POTTER. The administration ofjustice
in the Supreme Court of the United States I
have no doubt is equal to the best of any court
in any country; but, as a general rule, the
administration of justice here is not equal to
the administration of justice in England.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This proposition involves
the salary of the justices of the Supreme Court,
and the gentleman says they will not suffer in
comparison with the judges of any court in any
other country. Hence, the argument that
it is necessary to increase the salary to get
better talent fails with that admission.
Again, if we go through the whole civil list-
indeed, he need not confine himself to the civil
list, but he might go to the Army and Navy,
and he would find the same discrepancy exist-
ing ill reference to salaries, as compared with
those in England, as exists between the judges
there and the judges here. We have not taken
England as our model in fixing the salaries of
our officers, and I trust, sir, we are not going
to do it. ° &
According to the statement of gentlemen on
this floor it is necessary to increase these sal-
aries in order to get eminent judges to sit upon
the bench of the Supreme Court. We are told
that one justice has resigned from that court
because the salary was too low, or, in other
words, because he could make more money in
the practice of his profession than by continu-
ing to occupy his seat as one of the supreme
judges. I ask the gentleman who made that
statement whether the successor of the judge
who resigned is in any respect inferior to that
judge who gave up his place on account of the
salary? It was but last year that we relieved
the judges of the Supreme Court of some of
their duties by creating nine additional judges,
at a cost of $45,000.
The gentleman says that we pay Cabinet offi-
cers $8,000 a year. He says, too, that the sal-
aries ol members of Congress have been in-
creased. I undertake to say in my place here
that, considering all things, the judges of the
Supreme Court are paid better than any other
ofhcersof the Government. Not in dollars and
cents, it is true ; but we must consider that a
judge of the Supreme Court has a life estate in
his position.^ The judges of all the courts have
a hfe estate in their offices. Their salaries go
on as long as life exists. They are unlike
