1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
was not prize of war at all; that it never
ought to have been condemned as prize. We
are told that the district court reversed its
decree, and in the name of the court the com-
mittee were asked to restore to the custody of
the court so much of the fund as was in the
Treasury. I did not suppose, I think the com-
mittee did not understand, I suppose jio sen-
sible person in the world imagines, that the
Committee on Claims had any possible power
over money in the pocket of Admiral Porter
or in the pocket of any one of the sailors who
went with him on that Red river expedition.
That is quite beyond the jurisdiction of the
Committee on Claims. So this statement that
we propose that outrage on honesty is entirely
gratuitous. We have no proposition to make
about it. We cannot command them to pay
back that money, and we do not propose to
pay it ourselves. That is the extent of our
iniquity. And I think I ought to make thi8
explanation ; and having made it, I have one
thing further to say, and that is this: if the
Senate is ever asked to act upon the report of
a committee which does provide for restoring
so much money to the custody of the court as
has not been distributed and as is in the cus-
tody of the Treasury, I shall be prepared, I
think, to show good reasons why not a dollar
of the money which is in the Treasury should
go out of it on any such invitation. While I
have a seat on the floor of the Senate I never
shall consent to return one dollar of this money
to the custody of that court.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to say a single
word on the matter referred to by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Kentucky will
proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not call it a personal
explanation. Mr. President, I think there is
nothing that concerns me less in life than the
notice which newspapers take of my public
course. I have nothing to say to them. Their
attacks do not reach me, and i do not care for
them.
But in relation to the expedition that is
referred to by that article, m my judgment it
was simply a buccaneering expedition, and I
think that the cotton was seized and distrib-
uted not only without law, but against law
and every principle of justice. Tliere was no
application through the committee for any
remedy against the admiral and the sailors
who had received a part of the plunder.- If
there had been, and there had been the least
propriety in it, I should have voted for it. I
give fair notice now to everybody that, so far
as I am concerned, whenever a proposition is
made through Congress tor its legislation to
make any plunderer disburse a portion of his
plunder I am always ready to give it my sup-
port.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. Is there objection to the
Senator from Indiana making a personal state-
ment? ["No!"] The Chair hears none.
Mr. PRATT. I will occupy but a minute
or two. The article which the Senator from
Wisconsin read, if I heard it correctly, contains
some severe strictures upon the report which
was submitted by the Committee on Claims.
I had the honor of preparing that report my-
self; I have a copy of it in my hands; and
what the committee thought of the decision of
the court and thought of the propriety of the
officers composing that expedition retaining
this money as prize money will best appear
from what the committee say in this respect. I
beg leave to read one paragraph;
"The committee append hereto, ana make part
of this report, marked Exhibit A, a statement fur-
nished by the Treasury Department, showing tho
dispn.-iuon of the prize money ordered by the court
to be paid to the officers and crews of the several ves-
sels of the squadron which participated iu thisdiy-
land capture. It will be seen that 8121,325 13 has
been pstid the officers, $89,153 paid to the erews as
compensation for the hazard incurred and the enter-
prise displayed, while $15,292 92 remains unclaimed.
It were unjust to disturb this small balance, and thus
discriminate against those tardy to apply for their
share. Bat no part of the S225.751 08 set apart to the
eaptors is there due under the law, beyond what is
a fair compensation ior salvage. "When the court
determined that this capture was not a lawful mari-
time prize it determined that thismoney was ordered
to be paid without warrant of law. and that the offi-
cers and crew have no claim to it as prize money."
That is the opinion which the committee
expressed of the rightfulness of Commodore
Porter and others in holding on to this money.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to the money referred to, that it comes
from the naval pension fund, and not from the
Treasury. It was deemed that this money was
not, under the decision of the court, of right
a part of the naval pension fund, and it being
already out of the Treasury, it was considered
proper that it should be restored to those who
had claims under the decision of the court.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. STOCKTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2789) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the Army
appropriation bill when it shall have reached
the Senate; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
ORDER 0£' BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Senate,
being the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. I believe that by a vote of
the Senate, unanimously passed, this day was
assigned for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs. That
committee has between sixty and seventy bills
on the Calendar. I think that in a couple of
hours we can get through the most of them,
especially if no membeis of the Senate vote
against them, and I think they ought not to
vote against them. [Laughter.] 1 certainly
hope that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations will allow us at any rate until
three o'clock for these bills. I should like to
have two hours to-day for their consideration,
and I think in that time we can dispose of
most of them.
Mr. POMEROY. I was trying to aid the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
by calling up the resolution to which I have
before referred. I think if that resolution
were adopted we could finish an appropriation
bill some time during the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to propound the question upon taking
up the resolution when the Senator from Wis-
consin rose to a personal statement, and he was
followed by other Senators, which exhausted
the morning hour.
Mr. POMEROY. If the resolution is read
I think the Senate will adopt it, and then we
can close some appropriation biil.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate.
Does the Senator from Massachusetts move to
postpone it?
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. NYE. I wish to present, a letter that I
have received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I crave indulgence for a minute
in regard to a matter which is somewhat of a
personal nature.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Nevada will pro-
ceed,
PERSONA!,EXPLANATION TELEGRAPH CABLE.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, the other even-
ing I had the honor to propose an amendment
to the telegraph cable bill, and I stated that I
had seen rumors that telegraphic wires were
reported broken when in fact they were not.
It seemed to be supposed that I sought to con-
vey the impression that the companies circu-
lated such rumors purposely when they were
false. I did not desire to create that impres-
sion. I had no wish to implicate anybody. I
make this statement in consequence of a let-
ter which I have received, and which I ask to
have read, that it may go upon our record.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
New York, Newfoundland, and
London Telegraph Company.
NEW YOP.K, February lo, 1871.
Dear Sir: We are much surprised at the state-
ment reported by telegraph to have been made by
you in the Senate yesterday, that " the cable com-
panies were in the habit of circulating false reports
of the breaking of cables as pretexts for enabling
them to double their rates.''
So far as the Atlantic cables are concerned, there
is no ground for such a statement. You have been
entirely misinformed. Whenever there has been an
interruption we have published it at once, and as
soon as the repairhas been effected that fact has been
immediately communicated to the public through
the press. No false reports have ever been circu-
lated by the companies.
We have no doubt that you will with pleasure cor-
rect the statement made by you in the Senate yes-
terday.
We remain, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vants,
PETER COOPER,
CYRUS W. FIELD,
M03E3 TAYLOR.
Hon. James W. Nye,
Senator from yerada, Waih'uiQtoti.
BUSINESS OF MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the
unfinished busiues3 for a couple of hours, to
enable us to act on bills reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no motion to
postpone for two hours.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impropria-
tion bill can, by unanimous consent, be post-
poned for two hours ; but, by the eleventh
rule, when a bill is pending a motion to post-
pone it must be to postpone it until to-morrow,
| and therefore it would require a motion after-
ward to resume it.
Mr. WILSON. Does it require unanimous
consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does to post-
pone the bill informally.
Mr. WILSON, Then I ask the Senator from
California if he will not consent to give me
to-day after four o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I will think of it. In the pres-
ent condition of the appropriation bills I can-
not consent to that now. There are several
behind, and we are not through the first one
yet.
Mr. WILSON. Last Monday I gave way to
the Committee on the Judiciary ; and I always
find when I give away anything that I never
get it back. [Laughter,]
Mr. COLE. Persons generally do not ex-
pect to get back that which they give away.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I ask, then, if the Senator
will agree to let the Military Committee have
this evening?
Mr. COLE. I cannot cousent to anything
that will interfere with the progress of the
pending appropriation bill. Let the Senate
decide it if any question is raised.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects to any proposition while the
appropriation bills are iu their present con-
dition.
Mr. \\ ILSON.^ Wei!, I give notice that as
soon as this biil is through with 1 shall try to
get up the bills of the Military Committee.
DEmTi; ON APPROPRIATION BILiS.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the considera-
tion of my resolution.
