1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
because if another wire is constructed that
sends messages for five dollars, the others must
necessarily do so. The French cable by which
our messages are now transmitted is owned by
t his same British capital and company of which
Mr. Cyrus W. Fields is a member. I have
no objection to their making money; but the
moment that cable parted the messages were
put up one hundred per cent, from $7 50 to
fifteen dollars. It puts it out of my power to
communicate with my family abroad, or upon
my business matters, as small as they are, if
this monopoly is not broken down. I hope
that this amendment will be adopted, and that
we shall put it within the reach of all men
to use these cables as they now ean the laud
wires.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the prop-
osition of the Senator from Nevada touches a
point which the committee on careful consid-
eration did not deem it proper to introduce
into this bill. It proposes to regulate price.
The committee did not think it expedient to
touch that, at least at present, beyond the
general provision, which I will read :
Citizens of the United States shall enjoy the same
privileges, as to the payment of rates for the trans-
mission of messages, as are enjoyed by the citizens
of the most favored nations.
Therefore, whatever a British subject pays
or a French subject pays, an American citizen
will pay. Now, my friend steps in and pro-
poses a rate which shall be applicable exclu-
sively to American citizens. I suggest to him
that by his amendment he will interfere with
the general idea of the bill. I do not think it
expedient. I am afraid it will embarrass the
bill, and prevent its passage in the other House.
If the Senator is disposed to press his proposi-
tion he can introduce it in the next Congress
in another bill, when we can consider it by
itself.
Mr. NYE. I want to suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts that it will
be too late next Congress. They will then say,
" You gave us this privilege with, a right to fix
our own rate, and now you step in and put us
down to a lower rate." I hope that will not
be done.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to remind the
Senator that this amendment only affects those
lines established under this act.
Mr. NYE. I understand that, but the
moment one line is established all others
have got to come to this standard.
Mr. POMEROY. But the cables referred
to have been established under other acts.
Mr. NYE. They will be affected in this
way: they will have to transmit messages as
cheap as anybody, or they will not get them
to send.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not leave it to the
general provision of the bill that citizens of
the United States shall enjoy the same privi-
leges as to payment of rates as are accorded to
citizens of the most favored nations ? Can we
ask to pay less than the British subject or the
French subject? I do not see how we can;
and yet my friend is going now to make one
rate which may be for the American, leaving
another rate for the Frenchman or the Eng-
lishman.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. I fix the same law
for the English and French that I do for the
American, that the price of messages shall not
exceed for ten words five dollars.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator is aware
that we cannot make this bill applicable to
what is received in England and France, at
that end of the line.
Mr. NYE. If that is so, all they need do is
to decline receiving pay on this side and require
all messages to be paid for on the other side and
evade our law. 1 do not think that is sound.
The rule fixed here will prevail, bringing them
all to one price.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit that it Is riot ex-
pedient to fasten it upon this bill. I hope the
Senate will vote it down; but I shall accept
whatever may be the vote of the Senate. I
hope the bill will not be thus embarrassed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
That no more thaft five dollars in gold shall be
charged or received for the transmission from shore
to shore of ten words over any cable established
under the provisions of this act.
Mr. NYE. I propose to make an addition
saying that the direction shall not b6 consid-
ered as part of the ten words.
Mr. CASSERLY. i suggest to the Senator
to add instead of the word "direction" the
words "and address."
Mr. NYE. Including "address."
Mr. CASSERLY. "And signature."
Mr. NYE. That is what I mean; that this
charge shall be for ten words without counting
the address or signature.
Mi\ CASSERLY. I have great reluctance
in dissenting from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada. I have some
doubt about the policy of the regulation by
Congress of this subject. At the same time,
from what I know of the exactions of the tel-
egraph companies, both by land and ocean, it
is quite obvious that the public require some
protection, and I shall give to the public the
benefit of the doubts which I feel in this case.
If the rates proposed by the Senator from
Nevada are too stringent, I fancy we shall be
pretty sure to hear of it from some company.
Therefore, I shall vote for his amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. Rather than see this meas-
ure fail by the rejection of this amendment, I
will sustain the amendment to the bill; but I
must, at the same time, say that I think it is a
violation of principle. I think we are acting in
excess of our proper powers when we attempt
to interfere between the contracts of private
individuals. If the Government were giving
a franchise to these parties which is of some
value; if they were doing something in addi-
tion to that, subsidizing them or giving them
some benefit for the creation of these lines, I
should then recognize the right of the Govern-
ment to impose conditions on them; but when
they are simply saying, in effect, that they wili
not interfere with the laying of interconti-
nental telegraph lines, I do not understand by
what authority, under what principle, they
undertake to make contracts between private
companies and individuals. Nevertheless, of
one thing I am quite certain, and that is, that
under a system which shall become general
and allow the capitalists of Europe, as well
as of this country, safely to invest their means
in such projects, the rate of telegraphing will
sink far below the amount named by the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada. Therefore, per-
haps the objection will not practically be
effective.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendmentof the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE., I desire to say a single word in
answer to the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware. I Understood he doubts our right to
regulate this matter. If we have not the
power to regulate, we have not the power to
charter. I think one follows the other very
naturally. I think there is no doubt of our
power.
Mr. SUMNER. I raise no question of
power. The question I raise is one of expe-
diency on this bill. I hope the Senate will
reject the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. 1 think the amendment
of my colleague is an exceedingly proper one.
He has well remarked that if we pass this bill,
and companies are organized undei it, other
companies must conform to their rates. If a
company should violate this bill, of course it
would he done with a view to an ultimate com-
bination with existing companies, as the French
company combined with them. I sue no time
in the future when we can accomplish anything
if we give way now. I am told this five dol-
lars is a very high rate, much larger than it
ought to be, and it is an ample inducement t<J
companies to invest. As to the restriction, if
we can make any restriction on it we can
make this ; we can authorize it to be put there.
If we can make any regulation at all we cer-
tainly can make this, and we can enforce this
regulation just as we can any other. If they
charge differently from what this provides, yon
have the same remedy that you would for- any
other breach of the conditions of landing or
connecting in the United States, I think it
would improve the bill very much, and this is
the only opportunity we shall have. There is
a great deal said about monopolies. If you
pass this bill the whole subject has gone out
of the control of Congress forever as to regu-
lating these charters.
I hope the bill will not pass without the .
amendment. I shal! be opposed to the bill
entirely if the amendment cannot be adopted,
and shall feel bound to resist it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] who proposed the
amendment as to rates to insert before the
word "signature" the word "one," so that
one signature shall be free.
Mr. NYE. I accept that modification.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do riot think the com-
pany should be obliged to take twenty signa-
tures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada as
modified.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes thirty-
four, noes not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment madeasin Committee
of the Whole was concurred in. The amend-
ment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill
to be read a third time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
a. a. vance.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, I ask that
the Senate will permit me to call up a bill in
which one of my constituents is directly inter-
ested, which it will not,re<juire two tairiiites to
pass. It is House bill No. 1718.
By unanimous consent, the bill (II. E. No.
1718) for the relief of A. A. Vanfte, postmas-
ter at Morristown, New Jersey, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the proper accounting ollicers of the
Treasury Department to allow A. A. Vance,
postmaster at Morristown, New Jersey, a credit
of the sum of $500 on settlement of his accounts
at the Post Office Department, being the amount
lost in conscquence of the larceny of that sum,
stolen ou the night of the 2d of April last from
the post office at Morristown, New Jersey, if
on examining his accounts the Sixth Auditor
shall deem him justly entitled to this credit,
and shall certify his approval thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MAttI OONXtNGHAM.
Mr. HOWELL. I am charged by the Com-
mittee on Pensions with the presentation of
two or three feports on'which I desire imme-
diate action. 1 am directed by the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. It. No. 2220) granting a pension to Mary
Cunningham, to report it back with an amend-
ment, and ask that it be put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary Cun-
ningham, mother of John B. Cunningham, late
a private in company F, twecty-eighth regi-
ment Kentucky volunteers, from and after the
22 J day of January, 18B3.
The amendment of the Committee on Pen-
