1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1333
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate consider the amended rule proposed by
him at the last session relative to appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that
being taken up if it will lead to no debate. I
think it will facilitate business if it be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The resolution
will be read, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the following reso-
lution, submitted by Mr. Pomerov on the 9th
of June, 1870:
Reaolved, That the thirtieth rule of the Senate be
amended by adding thereto the following:
And any pending amendment to an appropriation
bill may be laid on the table without affecting the
bill.
It shall be in order at any time, when an appro-
priation bill is under consideration, by a two-thirds
vote to order the termination of debate at a time
fixed in respeet to any item or amendment thereof
then under consideration; which order shall be
acted upon without debate,
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that.
Mr. COLE. Then I call for the regular
order.
Mr. POMEROY. I will strike out all of
the resolution but the first clause if the Senate
will pass it in that shape.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first clause
is that an amendment to an appropriation bill
may be laid on the table without affecting the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that is just next to
the previous question. That is the worst part
of the proposed rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that such has
been the usage of the Senate, and I have never
regarded it as good parliamentary law, that you
could not lay an amendment on the table with-
out carrying the bill with it. That practice
has grown up here, but it is not customary in
other bodies. I think we ought to have the
right when a proposition comes in her.e to lay
it on the table without carrying the bill with
it, without affecting the main question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The' Chair will
state that very many years ago in the Senate
the practice was allowed of laying an amend-
ment on the table without affecting the bill to
which it was offered; but that has not been the
case for many years.
Mr. POMEROY. I said that that was the
practice here, but that I did not believe it was
good parliamentary law. I never did believe
so, and 1 do not now.
BRIDGE AT 05IAIIA.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1227) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri river,
having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, a.nd do recommend to their
reyiective Houses as follows:
That the House do recede from its disagreement
to the action of the Senate, and agree to the same
with thei'oUowin^ amendments: _
] n line eight strike out "their" and insert its."
In line seven, after theword "bridge," inserfand
aypioaches."
At the end of lino ton insert " and said bridgemay
bo so constructed as to provide for the passage of
ordinary vehicles and travel, and said company may
levy arid collect tolls and charges for the use of the
same."
J n line eighteen strike,out the word also.
In line twenty-six strike out "and the use there-
At the cud of line twenty-eight insert: "and the
local iravol hereinbefore provided for; and the
amount of bonds herein authorized shall not exceed
£2,SOD,000: Provided, That if said bridge shall bo
constructed as a draw-bridge, the same shall be con-
structed with spans of not less than two hundred
feet in length in the clear on eaeh side of the central
or pivot pier of the draw."
' ' JOHN M. THAYER,
S. 0. POMEKOY,
JAMJfiS HARLAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FRANK W. PALMER,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
JOHN TA1TJJ,
Man a in, rs on the part of the House,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Hablan] who was interested in that ques-
tion is not present at this moment, and I sug-
gest to my friend from Nebraska to let the
report lie over until he comes in.
Mr. THAYER. He was one of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; then I have
nothing to say.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill fS. No.
594) to provide a government for the District
of Columbia.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolution; and
they were thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 2792) to change the times
for holding the district and circuit courts of
the United States at Erie, Pennsylvania;
Abill (H. R. No. 1051) for the relief of John
R. Bennett, late register of the land office at
Chatfield, Minnesota; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 498) for the
relief of John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin
II. Webster, the present and former collector
at Baltimore, late United States designated
depositaries.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION'S.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following re-
port :
The commitiee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Hordes on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2 j89) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,1872,
and for other purposes, liaring met, after a fall and
free conference have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the first, second, and third
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
0. COLE,
CIIARLiJS SUMNER,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managni s on the part of the Senate.
W. H. KEL^KY.
LUKE P. POLAND,
13. jNIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the Home,
Tlie report was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid befote the
Senate tlie following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States :
In answer to, your resolution of the 19th of Becoia-
ber last, requesting the President "to furnish the
Senate with the entirccosfc of transportation of mails
and freights of every description to the Pacific coast,
also to all intermediate points wc-t oi the Missouri
river, from the annexation of OalifrrnH to July 1.
1864 : and also the expenses of the War Department
and Indian Bureau during the same neriodin guard-
ing tho oveiland route from the Missouri river to
California ngainst Indians and Moimons, and the
cost of the Indian service on the same line, including
in all cases freights and oil other expenditures," I
transmit herewith reports received irom the Secre-
tary of tho Interior, the Sccietary of War, and the
Postmaster (general. TJ. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, Februarv 17,1S71.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the message
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
IiKGI3LATrVJB, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILT-.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R,
No. 252-4) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1872,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Chandler, which was to insert as an
additional section:
And beit further enacted. That the privileges of the
act entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14,1870, be, and
they are hereby, extended to the pert of Detroit, in
the State of Michigan.
Mr. COLE. I thiak that should be amended
a little so as to designate the particular por-
tion of the act of 1870 to which it alludes. It
relates to the subject of transporting goods
inland in bond. 1 move this amendment, to
come in after the word ''privileges," which
I think will be agreeable to the Senator: "re-
lating to the transportation of merchandise in
bond.-*'
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan, as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that last evening, after the Senate
had decided by a yea and nay vote on the sec-
ond section iu regard to the salaries of district
judges, the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, page 54, line thirteen hundred
and thirty-seven, was not agreed to, as it should
have been to correspond to that section. As
these items were reserved to be governed by
the action of the Senate on the second section,
the amendment of the committee in regard to
the salaries of district judges will be regarded
as agreed to. It was rejected yesterday under
a misapprehension. If there be no objection
it is so ordered ; and the amendment in lines
thirteen hundred and eight and thirteen hun-
dred and nine, striking out U$I75,G0OT' and
inserting " $240.000/J is agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line three hundred and
ten, on page 13;
Provided, That all that part of the clause in the
first section of an act of Congress entitled "An act
making appropriations for thelegislative* executive,
and judicial expenses of the Governmentfor theyear
ending June30, 1871/' approved July 12,1870, where
an appropriation is made for the payment of judg-
ments to be rendered by the Court of Claims, winch
follows the word "dollars," be, and the same ishere-
hy, repealed: And further provided. That no pardon
or amnesty granted by the President of the United
States, whether general or special, by proclamation,
or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such pardon
or amnesty, nor oath taken or other act performed
in pursuance or as a condition thereof, shall be ad-
missible as evidence in the Court of Claims, except
where such pardon and amnesty were granted and
oaths oi nllegianeeand amnesty taken in good faith,
beiore the suppression of the late rebellion, under
the proclamations of the President issued in pur-
susmce of the thirteenth section of the act of Con-
gre;-< known as "the conliscation act," approved
July 11,1862, and beloro the repeal thereof, pledging
the public faith for the restoration of the rights
of property, and where all the requirements and
conditions jiamfd in said acts and proclamation
havo been faithfully complied with, and said oaths
oi amnesty and allegiance kept and maintained
inviolate.
I ask the Clerk to read the clause which I
seek to have repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I wish to raise a question of order, or
rather to ask the Chair for information. As a
matter of course, if this amendment is offered,
being of a legislative character, any Senator
has a right, with or without notice, to offer
any amendment to the appropriation bill with-
in the ranee of reason. I desire now in the
outset to make a point of order, because if a
member of the Committee on Appropriations
is at liberty to offer these independent legisla-
tive provisions, then, as a matter of coiirse, &1I
of us have the same right; and if it-can be done
at all, if it may be done by^ otie, it niay be
done by another, and then this Appropriation
bill will not see daylight for a good while. I
wish to know whether it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can
only enforce the practice of the Senate which
has grownup by many years' expenenceunder
his predecessors ; and that has been to receive
amendments to appropriation bills only lim-
ited by the thirtieth rule in regard to those
