1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
feseion, from the office of examining pension
surgeon; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pension?. lo whom was referred the hill (H.
R. No. 1103) granting a pension to Thomas J.
Fiss, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1156) increasing
the pensions of disabled soldiers and sailors,
and the widows and children of deceased sol-
diers and bailors, reported it with amendments.
Mr. ED.UUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bili (H. 11. No. 2305) granting a pension
to Barbara Schlaicli, of Brooklyn, New York,
to report that, the bill ought not to pass, be-
cause we think the soldier did not die of dis-
ease contracted in the line of duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
It is so ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2315) granting a pension
to Melville Hudson, to report it back with the
expression of opinion that the same ought not
to pass. The evidence does not satisfy us that
the disease was contracted after the enlistment
of the soldier. We recommend that the bill
be indefinitely postponed
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
It is so ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post lloads. to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 2295) to revise, consol-
idate, and amend the statutes relating to tlie
Post Office Department, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (II. 11.
No. 1829) granling pensions to certain soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows
of deceased soldiers, reported it withoutamend-
nient.
Mr. IIOWELL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2298)
granting a pension to Margaret Freeman, have
instructed me to report it adversely, upon the
ground that it is one of a class of meritorious
eases not piovided for by the express provisions
nor included within the intent of the pension
laws. I move that the bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed lo.
Mr. KELLOGG, fiom the Committee on
Chiiuis, to whom was referred the petition and
accompanying papers of W. W. Elliott, pray-
ing for compensation for services rendered as
assistant surgeon during the late war, reported
a bill (S. No. 1201) for the relief of \V. W.
Elliott; which was road, and passed to a second
reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1200) to create a port of delivery at Poto-
mac, Virginia; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1202) confirming the title to certain lands;
which was l'ead twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1203) making appropriation for the improve-
ment near the month of the Cape Fear river;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. Vv'ILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1204) to authorize the restoration of James
Belger to the rank of major and quartermas-
ter in the Army; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1205)
to regulate the taking of testimony in the courts
of the United States and prescribing fees to
be charged for the issuing and service of the
necessary papers therein ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKL1NG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 120G) to aid in the construction of twenty
or more first-class iron steamships, together
with ship-yards, machine shops, rolling-mills,
wharves, docks, &c., for the building and main-
tenance of the same, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
naval, and other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1207) prescribing the oath to be
taken by all grand jurors ill tile courts of the
United States, and by petit jurors in certain
cases; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Juniciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 282) for the relief of
E^ram W. Love, of Iowa; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 283) granting an appro-
priation to indemnify the citizens of Washing-
ton county, Texas, lor loss of private property
by fire and pillage at the hands of United
States soldiers; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Sir. COLE submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 145) for the relief of Wil-
liam R. Retlierfoid and Geoige Kains, of the
first Michigan cavalry volunteers ; which was
ordered to be printed-.
ADVANCES 111" THE STATES.
Mr. MORTON. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
508, to refund to the States the interest on
money advanced to the United States during
the late war.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 508) to refund to the
States the interest and discount on money
borrowed to equip, pay, supply, and transport
troops for the seivice of the United States in
the lecent war.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to move an amend-
ment,, which can be read in place of the ori-
ginal bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
informs the Chair that there is an amendment
to the bill reported by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. The bill will be read, and also
the amendment reported by the Committee,
before any other amendment can be received.
The bill was read. It provides that any
State or States which during the recent war
were compelled to, and did, borrow money to
purchase supplies, equip troops, and to pay
expenses incurred in raising, equipping, iur-
ni.-hiug, and transporting troops for the servicc
of the United States .shall have refunded the
interest paid on such borrowed money, and
the discount suffered on bonds sold to borrow
such money, the discount being necessary in
order to sell the bonds; and the accounting
officers of the Treasury are to examine and
adjust any and all claims that may be pre-
sented under the act,
Mr. MORTON. The amendment reported
consists in striking out the part of the bill
which referred to discount. I now desire
to offer another amendment, in the nature of
a substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Indiana from the
Committee on Military 4-ffairs. Does he offer
the amendment,he now proposes from the com-
mittee or individually ?
Mr. MORTON. Individually.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment reported by the committee will first be
read.
The Ciiiep Clerk. The amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs
is to strike out in lines eight, nine, and ten the
words "and the discount suffered on bonds
sold to borrow such money, the discount being
necessary in order to sell said bonds.'"
Mr. MORTON. I now offer this amend-
ment, in the nature of a substitute, to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That any State or gt.itcs which, during the l-ccent
war, borrowed money to purchase, supplies, eijuip
troops, and pay expenses incurred ill raiting, equip-
ping', furnishing, and transporting troops for the
service of the United States shall have refunded the
interest paid by such (State, or winch it shall liore-
| utter pay on such borrowed money up to the time
the principal thereof has been or shall herc:ittrr be
paid back to said State, and tiie discount sntiered ni\
bonds sold to borrow snch money, not exceeding ten
per cent., the di>couiU being necessary in order to
sell said bonds; and the accounting officer.-, of the
Treasury are hereby required to examine and adjust
any and all claims thai may bo presented under riti-
act; and buch .sums as arc allowed -shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro
piiuted.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The first cjuos
tton is ou the amendment reported by ibe
Committee on Military Affairs, striking out the
provision us to discount, if there be no objec-
tion that will be regarded as agreed to, and
the question will then be on the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, to amend the bill by
striking out all alter the enacting clause and
inserting what lias just been read.
Mr. MORTON. At the request of my fiicml
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] I will consent
that this bill shall pass over until to-morrow
morning, and he printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire to have this bill made the special
order for to-morrow at one o'clock?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
EUJLVrA' OF LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
400) to expedite the survey of private land
claims.
The motion was agreed to 5 and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims report an amendment, in
the nature of a substitute; and I suppose the
original bill need not be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The swhsiirute
reported will be read unless some one calls
for the reading of the original bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Private Land Claims was read, being to
strike out all of the original bill after tho
enacting clause and iu lieu thereof to insert:
That in all cases where a cla:m to land by virtue
of any right or title denvcd from the Spanish or
Mcxiean authorities, ha> been or shall finally
confirmed, either hy tho tribunal or tribunal? of tho
United (States or any act of Congress, ^r- shall he the
duty of the surveyor genera] o't the Umred fttate-'
for tho State, Territory, or district «ithin tvhh'h tho
land elaimcd is situated to can-c the ciami to be
accurately tun e> ed. and a. plat thereof made when-
ever m) 10 (Jo by oidei of the di;-' i kt ci'Uri
oi the I'rjued States for the di>tnct or Terrltoi.v;
or, if the land bo situated partly in two districts <>>■
Territories, the survey may bo ordered by J ho court
aforesaid in either of the ^aid districts orToi rit^nes :
and such district court shall diieut such survey and
plat to be made upon the application of tho owner
or owners of s>ueh claim, in writing actthii? forth
the nature and extent of tho claim, where the land
is situated, and when the claim was confirmed, and
hy what tribunal or tribunals or act of Congress:
