1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 3,
sidered,in order that lie may move an amend-
ment in regard to the State of Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order,
and I submit that my friend from Illinois was
not present when that vote was taken, and con-
sequently did not vote on that question. Be-
sides, I appeal to him, as this was a unanimous
agreement, he ought not, evert if he had the
power, to interpose in this way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will make the motion,
although I am bound to say in truth that I did
not vote for the third reading, if thex-e was a
division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was no division.
No vote was ever taken on the third reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to reconsider the vote, as the
Senator from Illinois [.Mr. Yates] was not
present and did not vote on either side on the
third reading, as the Chair understands, and
therefore cannot move to reconsider the vote
on the third reading.
Mr. YATES. I simply wish to remark that
this amendment is the House bill to divide the
State of Illinois into three judicial districts.
It stands on precisely the same basis as the
bill offered by the Senator from Ohio. We
need this division. I will not go into the argu-
ment now.
In population, in business, in litigation, in
every respect, we need this division. We need
three judicial districts as much as the State of
Ohio. We have nearly as much population as
the State of Ohio, and as much business in our
courts; and I wish to make the statement,
to the Senate that in the northern judicial
district of the State of Illinois there are
thirty-two hundred cases, as I am credibly
informed, upon the docket; that the people
have their cases tried at great expense, they
travel long distances, mileage has to be paid,
jurors have to be summoned from remote
points, and justice is delayed. Litigants can-
not obtain justice there. For years and years
these cases go undecided; and many, very
many arguments I could offer, which I will
not at tins stage of the session. Jf there is
any merit whatever in favor of the bill of the
Senator from Ohio, there is the same merit, or
greater, in the amendment which I propose.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it was not my
understanding that this bill had passed beyond
the point of amendment by the action of the
Senate. If I had so understood it I should
have voted against its being placed in that posi-
tion. I shall therefore vote for a reconsider-
ation of the order of the Senate that it be read
the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmuxps,} to reconsider the vote order-
ing the bill to be read the third time.
,Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it seems
to me that the present controversy is one that
should forbid us all from ever again agreeing
in the manner proposed by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to do anything at any
specific time. When we do, it seems to be
impossible to avoid misunderstandings ofavery
serious character. Now. sir, I never beard this
Ohio judicial district bill read. I never sup-
posed that 1 was to be cut out of my right to
offer an amendment to it by the agreement.
Of course I say that not intending to im-
peach the perfect fairness of anything that was
done.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. No; I would rather get
through. But parliamentary rules are among
the inscrutable things of this world ; and to any
one using merely his general common sense 011
this subject it never would occur that an agree-
ment to commence to take the vote to-day at
twelve o'clock deprived any of us of the right
to offer amendments; and yet I understand,
under thedecision, fuehis the case. My friend
and associate here, the Senator from Ohio,
suggests to me that that is not the state of the
case.
Mr. THURMAN. If mjr friend will allow
me to correct him, he will see that it is not the
state of the case.
Mr. CASSERLY. One moment. I under-
stood, the Chair so to rule. Of eourse if I am
wrong I withdraw that part of my remarks. I
will ask the Chair to state for my information,
and that probably of many other Senators,
whether the bill as, it stands is now open to
amendment. I understood the Chair to rule
otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
rule otherwise. The bill has been read in
extenso twice at the Secretary's desk within
the recollection of the Chair, possibly three
times; certainly twice. The second time,
after it was read, it was considered and pro-
ceeded past its third reading to the question
of its passage. The roll-call was about to
commence when a call was made for the reg-
ular order, according to the recollection of the
Chair, and he is confirmed in this by the Sec-
retary. The roll-call, therefore', could not
proceed except by unanimous consent, which
was not granted. Last night unanimous con-
sent was asked by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Siiermax] to the consideration of the bill to
be resumed at the precise point where it was
left off by the calling for the regular order a
few days since, he stating the fact that it had
reached the question of its passage upon the
yeas and nays. That was stated distinctly to
the Senate by the Senator from Ohio and by
the Chair: and after some little debate, in
which the Senator from Vermont participated,
the suggestion was concurred in by unanimous
consent, with the exception that debate was
to be allowed, the Senator from Vermont stat-
ing that he did not suppose the debate would
exceed twenty minutes in all. Under the
rules of the Senate, with which the Senator
from California is familiar, bills on the ques-
tion of their passage cannot be amended.
This bill could not have been amended when
it was reached the last time it was considered,
because it had passed its third reading, and
the question was "Shall the bill pass?" and
the Secretary was about to commence the
roll-call on that question when the regular
order was called for, the bill having been taken
up subject to a call for the regular order. It
is now moved to reconsider the vote ordering
the bill to a third reading. If that motion
shall prevail the bill will then be open to
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand now the
situation. The agreement, by operation of
parliamentary law, does prevent an amend-
ment, because of course the taking of the vote
at twelve o'clock was only by unanimous con-
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to state that an amendment, to
be agreed to, must receive a majority of the
votes of the Senate, and the same majority
can reconsider the order by which the bill was
passed to its third reading for the purpose of
amending it. The pending question is the
motion to reconsider the vote on the third
reading of this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Under the circumstances
I shall vote for reconsideration of that vote,
and I hope, a majority of the Senate will do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me that the general courtesy of the Senate
ought to allow this vote to be reconsidered
without even a formal vote. If there was any
misunderstanding it ought certainly to be open
to discussion as much lis it would have been
if Senators had been paying attention at the
time the vote passed.
Mr. THURMAN. If the agreement had
anything to do with cutting off amendments,
I would at once consent that the vote might
be reconsidered ; but the agreement had noth-
ing in the world to do with that, as lias been
clearly shown by the statement of the Chair
of the steps taken on this bill, and that state-
ment is true to the very letter. This bill had
passed to its third reading two nights ago, alter
the bill had been read again from beginning
to end; and the bill having beenread the third
time, and the question being simply upon its
passage, the Senator from California [Mr.
Cole] demanded the regular order when we
were ready to lake the vote upon the passage
of the bill, there being nothing else to do, the
bill being at that stage when the only question
was, "Shall the bill pass?" It was that which
cut off amendment, and not the agreement
made here yesterday. That agreement has
nothing to do with cutting off amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems
hardly fair, after the Senator from Ohio has
had the floor and said all he desired to say,
that any others who may wish to object to the
passage of this bill should be entirely cut off.
I have no idea that the debate will be extended
beyond a very few minutes, and I hope the
vote will be reconsidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Vermont
misunderstands the matter. The bill is open
to debate now but it is not open to amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,. It ought to
be open to amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is an amendment
proposed to put 011 another bill in regard to
another State. We ought not to do this. I do
not think that would be wise legislation in any
event.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That ought
to be considered after the question is open.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will not be
done.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know that I
shall vote for the amendment proposed or for
the original bill; but I submit that this ques-
tion ought not to be determined by the pre-
sumption that an amendment which some
Senator wants to offer ought not to be offered.
Here is a bill which was hastily read the third
time, when several Senators, it seems, did not
understand it. But suppose they did; and
suppose that after the third reading some
Senator wishes to offer an amendment, is it in
accordance with the usage, the couitesy, the
generosity of this body to say that he shall not
do it, because a moment has elapsed at the
beginning of which he might have done it and
at the end of which technically lie cannot? I
do not know but that I shall vote against both
the bill and the amendment; but I certainly feel
bound to vote to allow any member of the body
an opportunity to offer an amendment if he
says he has one to propose.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand that, if
the agreement is insisted upon, it would cutoff
a motion for reconsideration. I think that mo-
tion may certainly be made, and not only that
it may be made, but that it ought certainly to
prevail. I hope, therefore, that it will prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which this bill
was ordered to a third reading.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Yates] now moves to amend the
bill by adding sections which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be added, as follows :
Sec.—. That the State of Illinois be. and the same
is hereby, divided into three judicial districts, as fol-
lows, to wit: the counties of Luke, jUellenry, Boone,
De Kalb, Kane, Dupage, Cook, Will,Kankakee. Iro-
quois, Ford, Livingston, Grundy, L-i Salle, and Ken-
dall shall compose and bo known as the northern
distriotof Illinois; the counties of Winnebnyo, Ste-
phenson, Jo Daviess. Carroll, Ogle, Leo, Whircvide,
Hock Island, Henry. Bureau. Putnam, S'iirk, Knox,
Mercer, Henderson, Warren, Peoria, Maishal 1,'Wood-
l'ord, Tazewell, Ma^on. Fulton, Schuyler, McDon-
ough, and Hancock shall compose and be known as
the western district of Illinois; and all the residue
of said State shall uompo^e and be known as the
southern district of Illinois. And courts shall be
held for said northern district at Chicago, for said
