1336
THE C'dNG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
an excuse for closing the doors of the Court
of Claims against them under the pretext that
this is not a refusal of the rights you have
agreed to restore to them j you know that it
is in practice such a refusal; you know that
their claims are not worth five cents on the
dollar if you insist upon retaining this obnox-
ious statute. It cannot be that this body of
men, so learned, so eminent, accustomed to
consider so carefully questions of right and
wrong, will consent to permit this provision
in the act of July 12, 1870, longer to stand
as a monument of the bad faith of the Gov-
ernment to those who accepted its proffered
terms of pardon and amnesty and have kept
their part of the compact. Mr. President, let
it be repealed as a provision inconsiderately
adopted, and one which, had it been submit-
ted to a committee of this body, would doubt-
less never have existed as a part of any statute.
Mr. President, I will not tax the patience
of the Senate much longer on this subject at
this time. I might show how injurious is the
effect of such a statute on the regard and affec-
tion which we wish so anxiously to see exist
in the late insurrectionary States toward the
national Government. I might show that this
repudiation of the national pledges tends to
imbitter the feelings of thousands more than
the adoption by law of the most severe meas-
ures of retaliation for rebellion would have
done.
I pause here a moment to suggest to how
large an extent the refusal on the part of the
national Government to meet its just obliga-
tions to southern claimants may have been
productive of alienation of feeling and hostility
to the reconstructed governments of the south-
ern States. It is unquestionably a fact that,
from some cause or other, nearly the entire
body of men in those States who were, during
the rebellion, anxious for the restoration of the
national power, are to-day in the ranks of our
political enemies. This element should and
could have been held by us as a nucleus around
which the great masses of the newly enfran-
chised citizens could have gathered to form a
political party, overwhelmingly dominant in
nearly every southern State, and in complete
harmony with the ideas which triumphed in
the late war. It may not now be too late to
effect this consummation so devoutly to be
wished. But we must be just, not to say
generous, to those who have, under the law
and the Constitution, acquired rights in our
courts. But it is, I trust, unnecessary to say
in this body that the best mode of maintain-
ing friendly relations between the parties to
a compact is for each to observe its terms
religiously.
It should be remembered that the repeal of
this clause will not take one dollar out of the
Treasury of the United States which has been
placed there by taxation of the people. The
funds out of which judgments in favor of
claimants, under the act of March 12, 18G3,
will be paid, have arisen from the sale of the
property taken from the claimants themselves.
Even if they obtain such judgments they get
only the net proceeds of the property taken ;
the Government repays only what it took, and
pays itself out of the fund created by the prop-
erty all the expenses which attended its seiz-
ure and sale. The claimants will be large
losers in any event—in price of the property
taken, in interest on capital, and in expenses
of the suit; but whatever they get, however
large the amounts, they will get nothing that
they did not themselves put into the hands of
the Government. I ask for them nothing to
which, under plain and palpable provisions of
law, and by the pledges of the executive and
legislative branches of the Government, they
are not entitled; but I do ask that the courts
shall have the power to carry out in good faith
those provisions and those pledges.
The operation of the clause it is now sought
to repeal is evil and only evil. But the effects
bf the Second proviso are sometinies so out-
rageously iinjustas to call for special attention.
It provides—
"Thatwhenever any pardon shall have heretofore
been granted by the President of the United States
to any person bringing suit in the Court of Claims
for the proceeds of abandoned or captured property
tttider the said act approved March 12,1883, and the
acts amendatory of the same, and such pardon shall
recite, in substance, that such person took part in
the late rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or was guilty of any act of rebellion
against or disloyalty to the United States, and sueh
pardon shall have been accepted in writing, by the
person to whom the same issued, without an express
disclaimer of and protestation against such fact of
guilt contained in such acceptance, snch pardon and
acceptance shall be taken and deemed in sueh suit
in the said Court of Claims, and on appeal therefrom,
conclusive evidence that such person did take part
in and give aid and comfprt to the late rebellion, and
did not maintain true allegiance or consistently ad-
here to the United States; and on proof of such par-
don and acceptance, which proof may bo heard sum-
marily on motion or otherwise, the jurisdiction of
the court in the case shali cease, and the court shall
forthwith dismiss the suit of such claimant."
Now, Mr. President, let us suppose a case
which might well happen, and which has hap-
pened at least once. The proclamation of Pres-
ident Johnson of May 29,1865, excepted from
its benefits several classes of persons, one of
which consisted of men who were unfortunate
enough to be possessed of property to an
amount of $20,000 or more, and who might
have aided in any way the rebellion. Now,
it was quite frequently the case in the South,
after the close of the war, that a person who
happened to be within the class having §20,000,
would apply for a pardon, so as to give him
better credit in the mercantile world than he
would enjoy if he were suspected of being
in a class over whom processes of confisca-
tion might impend. A gentleman thus situ-
ated, having had no participation in the rebel-
lion, but desiring to silence all doubt as to his
status, applied for a pardon, alleging that he
came within the thirteenth exception to the
proclamation of May 29, 1865, in regard to
property alone. The pardon was granted as
a matter of course, and was made out on a
blank form prepared for general use, in which
it was recited in substance that the person to
whom it was granted had been engaged in the
rebellion and was pardoned. The gentleman
saw the error which had been committed, but
not having before his eyes the fear of legisla-
tive vagaries, like the one now sought to be
repealed, thought it a matter of no moment,
and failed to make any disclaimer of the im-
putation contained in the document which was
to be the record of the forgiveness of sins he
had never committed. He became a suitor in
the Court of Claims, and succeeded in estab-
lishing beyond cavil the fact of his persistent
loyalty during the entire war. But the statute
of July 12, 1870, came in to eject him from
the court where he was a suitor, and helped
to deprive him of what no sane man would
deny him but for this law. Unhappy man,
who little dreamed that he was to be "hoisted
with his own petard."
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend the
name of that suitor ?
Mr. SAWYER. I have it not at hand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will send and get the
record and see how loyal he was, if you will
give me his name.
Mr. SAWYER. I mention this instance to
show how absurdly unjust this clause is or may
be in effect. It is but one case, and may be
exceptional. But surely a statute which may
work such injustice should not stand on the
statute-book.
I beg the Senate to consider the circum-
stances under which most of the property
sought to be recovered by these claimants was
taken. It ought to be remembered that much
if not most of it was seized subsequently to the
taking of the amnesty oath, when the persons
from whom it was taken supposed, and had
good reason to suppose, that they stood in their
rights of property and in their relations to the
Federal Government just where every other
loyal citizen stood. They had come forward,
at the first moment when the arm of the na-
tional protection was stretched out over them,
and renewed an allegiance, many of them, if
not most of them, were sorry ever to have
broken. They looked forward to areunion with
their national Government with many regrets
for the past, and earnest I may say, in many
instances, with patriotic hopes for the future.
For them peace was made ; for them the war
was ended ; for the-m the Union was restored ;
for them the confederacy was dead. But just
at this moment the military power seizes prop-
erty which had in many instances been set
aside to liquidate the claims held against them
by northern creditors, or which may have been
all that had been left free from the grasp of the
confederate tax-gatherer.
Tell me not, sir, that such seizures might
have been expected as one of the results of
war ; tell me not that it was a seizure of cap-
tured property which was lawful prize of war;
for in many localities where such seizure was
made there was no war. The war had ceased
to be flagrant; the citizens had assumed tho
garb and resumed the avocations of peace;
they had done all that was in their power to
do to restore themselves to loyal relations with
the Government; they had done what the
proclamation asked them to do. They were
no longer rebels, but were exerting them-
selves in aid of the military authorities to sus-
tain good order and restore the communities
in which they lived to habits of peace.
Again, sir, if this confiscation of property
was intended to be a punishment for a treason
of which no tribunal has ever yet convicted
them, why was it confined in its operation to
particular species of property and to the cit-
izens of particular localities only ? Why was
cotton seized, sold, and its proceeds turned
into the coffers of the Government, and tobacco
left untouched ? Why were Charleston, Savan-
nah, and Mobile singled out for the exercise of
this confiscation, and the citizens of Augusta,
Montgomery, Richmond, and other cities left
in quiet possession of their property ? A seizure
of private property generally throughout the
South as a penalty for rebellion, though a
harsh and unusual proceeding, would have had
at least the merit of impartiality, and would
have been a terrible lesson to teach future
generations the perils and risks of rebellion.
It would have been in some degree defensible
as a general measure of punishment; but this
selection, often I fear at the caprice of mil-
itary commanders or Treasury agents, of par-
ticular species of property, and seizure from a
comparatively few of the participants in the
rebellion, without special regard to their com-
parative guilt, is defensible on no principle of
policy or justice.
I have intentionally left untouched the whole
question of the power of Congress to limit the
power of the President in granting pardons,
and of the legal effect of such pardons. I have
limited myself simply to an effort to induce
Congress to maintain its own consistency on
this subject. I appeal to you on your own
record, and only on that record. This is one
of the eases in which consistency is a jewel.
But, Mr. President, I did not intend to say
more on this subject than seemed to me abso-
lutely necessary. I conclude by asking the
Senate to consider carefully what promises
were made by the Government of the United
States in the act of Congress of July 17, 1862,
and the proclamations issued by the President
of the United States thereunder; and unless
they design to nullify and repudiate those
promises, to permit their fulfillment in rhe
only practicable way. I ask the Senate to let
the law as it stood before the aet of July 12,
1870, decide the rights of claimants under the
acts of Congress and the proclamations of the
President issued in accordance therewith. It
is not favor I ask for these «laimauts, it is
