1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL . GLOBE.
1SS1
simple justice. The former you might well
refuse; the latter cannot be denied without a
shock to the public conscience for which no
accession t'o the public treasure is equivalent,
no .punishment for treason an excuse.
Mr. COLE. I rise for the purpose of appeal-
ing to the Senate to allow ua to take a vote oil
this amendment without entering upon the
subject further. I presume the Senate are as
able now to come to a conclusion about it as
they will be after it shall have been discussed
for several days, as I fear it will be if the sub-
ject is continued under discussion. I appeal
to the Senate to allow us to have a vote on
this question. This is an appropriation bill
that is under consideration now, and we must
make disposition of it without any further
delay.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment moved by the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER: I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. I do not rise to make any
speech in reply to my friend from South Car-
olina, but only to say that this matter was dis-
cussed at the last session for several hours;
the proclamations and statutes were read and
debated fully; one recess was taken while
it was pending, giving time for consultation ;
and then the Senate, by a majority of almost
two to one, voted in favor of having this pro-
vision by law made; not to defeat the Presi-
dent's pardon, but to have these claimants come
before us, instead of going to the Court of
Claims, where they never had a right to go
under any pardon or anything else except as
we gave it to them by statute. That is all I
wish to say. I hope we can have a vote.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator before he
sits down allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator if he thinks, upon his honor as a Sen-
ator and a gentleman, that there is any prob-
ability that these claimants will ever receive
one dollar of relief at the hands of Congress ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think they will if they
come here and show that they are justly enti-
tled to relief under a proclamation ; but I do
not' think they ought to be allowed to get
fraudulent pardons and then put themselves
through the Court of Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. Especially on au amend-
mentto an appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is not very
full; but I do not think this matter ought to
be disposed of without being understood by
the Senate. We once acted upon this subject.
On the motion of the late Senator from Mis-
souri an amendment was adopted to an appro-
priation bill at the last session I believe—I have
not looked to see the date of it—which at the
time 1 thought was very unjixst and very wrong.
I thoright.it was wholly indefensible and was
calculated to be a catch. .1 think it was cal-
culated to catch the unwary and to give an
advantage to ihe skillful. I Have it not before
rae; but I recollect its provisions, I think, and
shall be able to state them so that they will
be understood by the Senate. One provision
was that if a pardon had been granted to any
person, the fact of that pardon having been
granted, unless when the. pardon was issued
"the party protested against it, should be taken
as conclusive evidence that he was guilty of
the offenses named iiithe |Sardbn. It was to
tie taken as conclusive Evidence against him
unless he protested at the time the pardon was
obtained.
Now, we all know that many persons at the
South at the close of the rebellibri were appre-
hensive of very great danger, and they accepted
pardons everywhere. They did not think of
fiirotesting against the recitals in the pardon,
t was only some shrewd, keen man that did
that. _ The fact that a pardon had been issued
in this way is to be taken, according to the
provision that was put on an appropriation
bill last year, as conclusive evidence against
him. I think that is wrong. I thought so then.
I was prevailed upon not to take up time, I rec-
ollect, in discussing it. When it came up we
were very much in the situation that we are
now, and an appeal was made all around the
Senate, and it was said, '1 Do not take up time;
let the thing go."
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is vastly
mistaken about that. He made a speech against
it himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I spoke against another
provision. I spoke in regard to the power of
Congress to let such persons as it thought
proper go into the Court of Claims. It was on
that subject that I made my remarks. I have
not looked at them since; the Senator has
them before him. If I said anything in refer-
ence to this part of it, I objected to it. I think
I did make an objection to it. There was some
discussion in the Senate at the time, and I
know that at the time I felt as if it was a duty
further to object to it. I did say something,
I think, and perhaps called the attention of
the Senate at that time to the fact.
Now, the effect of that legislation is simply
this, and I ask Senators to look at it and see
the position in which we place ourselves : in
1862, when the war was raging, we passed a
law to confiscate the property of rebels. I
was for that law. While the war raged I
believed in making the war just as terrible as
we could make it against the enemies of the
country. I was for slaying them, and taking
their property and confiscating it and every-
thing they had. That was the policy I was
pursuing while the war raged, and I did what
1 could to have that act of 1862 enacted, and
I wanted to make it stronger than it was made.
That was my view at that time. We put into
that law a clause that the President of the
United States should have authority to issue
a proclamation releasing men engaged in the
rebellion from their offenses, pardoning them
by a general amnesty on such conditions as he
thought proper. What was the object of that ?
The object was to hold out an inducement to
the Union men of the South to return to their
allegiance. President Lincoln, in 1803, in
December I think, issued his proclamation, in
which he told the people of the South, told all
those who were in hostility to the Govern-
ment, "if you will lay down your arms and
give in your allegiance to the Union I will
pardon your offenses, and you shall have a
restoration of all your property and everything
else." He said that in his proclamation in
1868, in so many words. We said that. Con-
gress said that. The object was to induce
those men to leave the rebellion.
Now, the question arises, can we unsay it?
We are not bound to let them go into the Court
of Claims; but when you said by a law to the
President of the United States, "you may
issue a proclamation upon such terms as you
please granting amnesty to these people," and
he issues that proclamation, in accordance with
your direction, and tells them that if they will
lay down their arms and take a certain oath
they shall be pardoned of their offenses and
shall have restoration of their property. When
he says that, in pursuance of your law, with
what sort of faith can we turn around and
say they shall not?
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question for information. I ask him if this
proposition is simply to close a bargain with
rebels who did lay down their arms in pursu-
ance of the proclamation ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all, as I under-
stand it. It is not for anybody else I suppose.
Mr. HOWE. It does not include those who
laid down their arms after the arms were taken
away from them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope not. If
it does, certainly I am not for it. I say to ties
Senator from Wisconsin that that provision
which we put upon the appropriation bill a
year ago, if that is the date, prevents just that
man who laid down his arms and took the oath
prescribed by Mr. Lincoln from bringing his
suit. That is the kind of man I am talking
about.
Mr. HOWE.. But what is the pending prop-
osition ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The pending proposition
is to repeal that provision which forbids liiin to
bring a suit.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to be thoroughly in-
formed while I am about it. This is the first
time that I have pretended to get any inform-
ation about this matter. Suppose that provis-
ion be repealed; then what will be the status
of all those who laid down their arms at the
close of the rebellion, or rather, all those who
were disarmed at tbe end of the rebellion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one of them can
go into the Court of Claims, because we have
provided by law that that court shall not take
jurisdiction of any such case. That is their
status
Mr.'SAWYER. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish it td be remembered
that nobody can get into the Court of Claims
now under the act of March 12, 1868, at all;
that the time when they could get into the
Court of Claims expired on the 20th day of
August, 1808, by the decision of the Supreme
Court; and therefore there are no new suit-
ors that can possibly go into the Court of
Claim's under this amendment. It only affects
those who are in now, and it leaves the court
to decide whether their position in that court .
is or is not affected by the provisions of the
proclamation of the President and the law of
July 17, 1862.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is simply a limit-
ation law. It is too late for them to go in now
with a new case; but that is not the point to
which I was speaking.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are all in now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are in to a great
extent. I was going to say that there is a
prejudice, but that is not the right word ; there
is a great deal of proper feeling against these
cotton claims. I think if there ever were any
stupendous frauds practiced in the country
they grew out of cotton transactions during
the war and since the war. But that ought not
to mislead the Senate of the United States as
to proper legislation. While we should legis-
late against fraudulent transactions, we should
not do injustice in other respects. No person
in this Senate will go further than I will in the
enactment of legislation that shall prevent the
Treasury of the United States being opened to
fraudulent claimants from any quarter of ihe
country; but the general law organizing the
Court of Claims provides, as a jurisdictional
question, that nobody shall be permitted to
bring suit in that court without first establish-
ing his loyalty and that he has been loyal.
That is the general law, and the court have
adopted rules carrying out that law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was the Court of
Claims organized ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the war; but the
provision to which I refer is a general law
incorporated in an act with regard to the Court
of Claims several years ago; and it has gov-
erned all the cases that have arisen in that
court since.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps my friend will
allow me to read the law to him, as it waa
made in connection with these very cotton
eases, if it will not interrupt him for me to
do so ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be no interrup-
tion. I do not remember the date of the act
to which 1 refer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The eiatute of March 3,
