1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1D49
southern district at Springfield and Cairo, and for
said western district at Peoria and Dixon.
Sec. —. That there shall bo four terras of the dis-
trict court held for said western district; two at the
city of Peoria, on the first Mondays of May and No-
vember in each year; and two terms at Dixon, on
the first Mondays of April and October in each year.
Sbc. —. That all suits, process, and proceedings,
of whatever name or nature, now pending in the
circuit or district courts of the United States lor the
northern and southern districts of Illinois, shall be
tried, returned, proceeded in, and disposed of in
the circuit and district courts of said northern and
southern districts, respectively, in all respects as if
this act had not been passed: Provided, That upon
the application of any party to any suit, case, or
prosecution now pending and undisposed of in either
of haid districts, which would have been commenced
in the western district if this act had been in force
before the commencement of said suit, the proper
court in said noithern or southern district shall
order that the same be removed for further pro-
ceedings, and final judgment, order, or decree to the
proper court lor the said western district; and there-
upon the proper clerk of said northern or southern
district shall transmit all the papers in the cause,
with a transcript of the journal entries, including
the order of removal therein, to the clerk of the
proper courtin said western district; and all farther
proceedings shall be had therein in the court or
courts of said western district, as if the suit had been
originally commenced therein.
Sf:c.—. That all suits, criminal and civil, arising
in the counties of Jo Daviess, Stephenson, Winne-
bago, Carroll, Ogle, Whiteside, Lee, Rock Island,
Henry, and Bureau shall be heard and determined,
at Dixon; and all suits, criminal and civil, arising
in any other counties composing said western dis-
trict, shall be heard and determined at Peoria; and
the foregoing division shall govern in the removal
of cases now ponding ip. the northern and southern
districts of Illinois.
Sec.—. That final process upon any final order,
judgment, or decrce entered in the circuitordistrict
court of the United States for the northern or the
southern district aforesaid, and all other process and
proceedings, director collateral, for the enforcement
thereof, or of any interlocutory order or rule of said
courts, respectively in any causc now pending therein,
except in cause removed as hereinbefore provided,
shall be issued from, made returnable to, and had in
the proper court of said northern or southern dis-
trict, respectively; and such process may be served
and executed by the marshals of^aid districts re-
spectively, as if this act had not been passed.
Sec.—. That there beappointed a district judgefor
the said western district of Illinois, who shall pos-
sess the same powers and do and perform all such
duties in his district as are now exercised by. or en-
joined upon, orin anywise appertaining to, thepres-
ent district judges for the northern and southern
districts of Illinois, respectively; and said district
judge shall be entitled to the same compensation as
bylaw is provided for the present district judges in
said State.
Sec.—. That there beappointed one person as dis-
trict attorney, one person as clcrk of said court at
Peoria, and one person as clerk of said court at
Dixon, and one person as marshal for said western
district, whose Qualifications, manner, and terms of
appointment and service, as well as whose duties
and emoluments, shall be the same with those re-
spectively appertaining to tho like officers in the
present districts of said State.
Sec. —. That all suits hereafter to be brought in
either of said districts not of a local nature shall be
broughtin the propercourt of the district where the
defendant resides; but if there be more than one
defendant, and the defendants reside in different
districts, the plaintiff may sue in either, and send
duplicate writs a,gainst the defendants in the other
districts, directed to the marshals thereof respect-
ively, which writs shall be executed by said mar-
shals respectively, and returned to the court or
clerk's ofhee from which the same were issued; and
if service has beenhad upon any defendant,resident
of the district in which the suit is brought, the suit
shall proceed to final judgment or decree against all
the defendants as if all resided in said district.
Sec. —. That until permanent places are desig-
nated and provided, in pursuance of law, it shall he
the duty ot the marshal of said western district to
provide suitable rooms and places for holding said
court at Peoria and at Dixon, the reasonable ex-
penses thereof to be paid from moneys heretofore or
which may be hereafter appropriated for the judi-
cial branch and service of the Government.
Sec. —. Thatail acts and parts of acts inconsistent
with the provisions ot this act be, and the same are
hereby, repealed: Provided, That the^ ninth census
shall be completed in all respects as if this act had
notbeen passed: And provided further, Thatnothmg
herein shall affect existing oilicers nor existing laws
except as herein modified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ^
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes forty-
four. noes not counted.
Mr. STJjWART. Since that amendment
has been adopted, I feel constrained to offer
an amendment providing for the division of
Tennessee. In the opinion of the Judiciary
Committee this was the most meritorious case.
The Senator from Tennessee farthest from me
[Mr. Brownlow] is very anxious this amend-
ment should be put on. I declined to do it
until the bill had been amended. Now it
having been amended, if there is any of these
bills to be passed, this is certainly very merit-
orious. It is reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a word to say in
regard to that right here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee will suspend until the Secretary
reports the amendment. The amendment of
the Senator from Nevada will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
•which was to insert, as additional sections,
the following:
Sec. —. That the State of Tennessee be divided by
a line extending from the boundary line of the State
of Kentucky between the counties of Macon, Smith,
DeKalb, Cannon, Coffee, and Franklin on the east,
and the counties of Sumner, Wilson, Butherford,
Bedford, and Lincoln on the west, to the boundary
line of the State of Alabama, into two judicial dis-
tricts, to be known as the eastern and the western
districts of Tennessee, and that part of Tennessee
lying west of said lino shall hereafter constitute a
new judicial district, to be called the western district
of Tennessee.
Sec.—. That a term of the circuit and district
court of the United States for said western district
shall hereafter be held as follows: at Nashville on
the second Mondays of March and Septomber of
each year, and at Memphis on the second Mondays
of May and November of each year.
Sec. —. That there shall be appointed, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate of the
United States, for said western district of Tennessee,
a district judge, a district attorney, and a marshal,
who shall severally hold their offices and receive
compensation as is now provided by law for such
officers.
Sec. —. That the present district attorneys and
marshals shall, notwithstanding anything in this act
contained, continue to hold their offices during the
remainder of their unexpired terms, and shall offici-
ate as follows: the district attorney and marshal of
East Tennessee, atKnoxville and Chattanooga; the
d^irict attorney and marshal of Middle Tennessee,
at Nashville ; the district attorney and marshal of
"West Tennessee, at Memphis. Butwhenany of said
offices in the western district of Tennessee, as de-
scribed in the first section of this act, shall become
vacant by death, resignation, removal, or by the ex-
piration of the term, or otherwise, no appointment
shall be made except in conformity with the provis-
ions of the third section of this act. A clerk shall
beappointed by the judge for each court, and he shall
receive the fees and compensation as now fixed by
law.
Sec. —. That the United States judicial district
for the several districts of Tennessee shall hereafter
consist of that part of the State of Tennessee lying
east of the line described in the first section of this
act, and shall bo called the eastern district of Ten-
nessee, and a term of the circuit and district courts
of the United States shall hereafter be held in said
eastern district as follows : at Knoxville on the sec-
ond Mondays of May and November of each year,
and at Chattanooga on the second Mondays of April
and October of each year.
Sec.—. Thatail suits now pending, and all pro-
ceedings. civil or criminal, begun in either of the
courts of Knoxville, Nashville, or Memphis, shall
not, by reason of anything in this act, abate, but the
same shall continue in the courts at these places,
respectively, in the same plight and condition as at
the passage of this act, and all the records ot the
said courts, respectively, shall remain and be pre-
served as the records of the courts held at the same
places, to the end that all judgments may be exe-
cuted and all process returned. All recognizances,
appearance bail, and process of any kind heretofore
entered into or issued before or from either of the
said courts shall be returnable to the first term of
court to be held at the same places, respectively,
under the provisions of this act. And the judges,
respectively, may make all necessary rules and
orders for the trial and final disposition of all such
causes as the ends of justice shall require.
Sec.—. That the first, second, and third sections
of an act approved January 31,1797, entitled '' An act
giving effect to the laws of the United States within
the State of Tennessee/' and the act amendatory
thereof, approved February 19, 1799; and the six-
teenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twen-
tieth, and twenty-first sections of an act approved
April 29, 1802, entitled "An act to amend the judi-
cial system of the United States;" and the act ap-
proved June 18, 1833, entitled "An act to require
the judge of the district court of East and West Ten-
nessee to hold a court at Jackson, in said State,
and all other acts and parts of acts establishing dis-
trict and circuit courts m said State, or regulating
the terms thereof, are hereby repealed.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say in connec-
tion with that simply this: the Judiciary Com-
mittee think this is the most meritorious ease
among them all, and I offer this at the special
request of the Senator from Tennessee. He
desirfcs me to eay that he regards it as very
important that this shall be passed.
Mr. MORTON. I desire simply to state
that I believe the establishment of this court
is of the greatest importance to the colored
people of Tennessee for their protection.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I know there
is a great deal of business before the United
States district court in Tennessee at the pres-
ent time, and there will be for some time to
come, but it will gradually becorqe less and
less. Heretofore X was in favor of the estab-
lishment of this court, but last winter I had a
long conversation with Judge Emmons, who
had carefully examined the subject, and he says
it is not necessary, for the courts there can
do the business. _ I am satisfied that he under-
stands the question far better than those who
have been advising this measure. I believe
that we want three judicial districts down there,
of course ; that is, there are enough persons
to fill three positions of that kind and probably
more, if Congress will give them to us; but lam
satisfied that the present judges can do the
business of the State, and if this is put on it
will be merely gratuitous, for the sake of making
room for some person.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment, to insert as an additional section:
Sec. —. That for the more convenient dispatch of
business in tho southern and middle districts of tho
State of Alabama there shall be appointed by the
President, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, a judge, 'who shall, from and after the time of
his appointment, hold the terms of the district courts
for the southern and middle districts as aforesaid,
as now provided bylaw; thatthejudgoso appointed .
shall be paid the same amount of salary, and paid in
the same manner, that is now paid to the present
judge; and the said judge shall hold his office for tho
same time and have the same jurisdictions within
the said southern and middle districts as the pres-
ent judge of the district court now has; thattroin
and alter the passage of this act the present judge
of the district court of Alabama shall be judge oitho
district court of the northern district ot said State.
And all laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the
Srevisions of this section he, and the same are
ereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] if he is not going to call
for the regular order?
Mr. COLE. I think I ought to call for the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the regular order can be reached by postponing
this bill. By unanimous consent it is now
before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I move that it be postponed,
and the regular order taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as the
amendment of the Senator from California
[Mr. Casserly] is read, the Chair will put the
question on that motion. The Senator from
California has offered an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Sen-
ate has acted with its usual fairness in regard
to this bill, and I appeal to Senators bow, in
view of ail the circumstances, whether I be
not correct. Last night, when I submitted a
motion to postpone, it was agreed that we
should have a vote on this bill to-day. Now,
by the concurrent action of the Senate they
have piled so many bills of others on that i
shall feel disinclined to vote for it myself.
Unless the Senate are disposed to pass the bill
that I called up I am not inclined to waste any
more time, they having it loaded down, with a
view to defeat. If the Senate are really against
it, say so.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to my colleague to
withdraw his amendment. It wiU be of no
use, as he well sees. T hope he will withdraw
it oil thi's bill, and I will move to take up the
regular order after the statement made by the
Senator from Ohio.
