1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
The bill wag ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, andi
passed.
supply of potomac water.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by uuanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be, and it is hereby, instructed to inquire
and report whether any progress has been made un-
der the act of July li, 1870, providing for an increase
of thesupply ot Potomac water in the city of Wash-
ington; and that said committee report what fur-
ther legislation is necessary to insure the immediate
redress of existing grievances in respect to such
supply of water.
committbh service.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senate to excuse
me from further service upon the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that he be excused from further
service upon the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES. I move that the vacancy be
filled by the Vice President.
No objection being made, it was ordered that
the vacancy be filled by the Vice President.
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIES.
Mr. LEWIS. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration House bill No. 2538.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
informs the Chair that that bill has not been
reported by the committee to whom it was
referred.
Mr. LEWIS. I have seen all the members
of the Committee on Disabilities, who have
authorized me to report it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair remem-
bers that this bill has already been considered
without being formally reported, and that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] moved
a comprehensive amendment to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (IT. It. No. 2538) to
relieve certain persons under the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States, the pending question being
on the amendment offered by Mr. Trumbull,
which was to add as an additional section the
following:
And he it further enacted. That all persons, except
as hereinafter excepted, subject to any disability
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United Statc-s, are hereby relieved
from such disability: Provided, neverthelewi, That
the following classes of persons are excepted from
the provisions of this act, namely:
Fust. All persons who, being: members of the Con-
gress of the United States, withdrew from their seats
and aided the rebellion.
Second. All persons who, being officers of the Army
or Navy of the United States, lettsaidArmy orNavy
and aided the rebellion.
Third. All persons who were members of State
conventions winch adopted pretended ordinances
of secession, and voted tor such ordinances.
Mr. LEWIS. I hope the Spnator from Illi-
nois will not insist on that amendment at this
time; as it will prevent the passage of the bill,
and it must go over. 1 hope he will withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. If a vote is to be taken
on the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, I think it ought to be
enlarged so as to include in the exceptions
judges of the courts of the United States who
resigned with a view of aiding the rebellion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move that amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes. sir; I make that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to amend the amendment by add-
ing the following:
I'omth. All persons who were judges of tlicUnited
States who resigned their officesand aided the rebel-
lion.
Mr. WARNER.' I join in the request of the
Senator from Virginia to the Senator from
Illinois to withdraw this amendment for the
present. The Senator from Virginia has been
trying very urgently and has appealed to the
Senate a great many times to allow this bill to
pass for the relief of these individuals, in re-
gard to whom there is no objection, and there
are special reasons why they should now be
relieved. The Senator from Illinois of course
understands that his amendment will lead to
extended discussion, and that by pressing it
at this time he will not accomplish the pur-
pose of his amendment, but will defeat the
object of the Senator from Virginia. There
are special reasons why the gentlemen named
in this bill should be relieved, and I hope the
Senator from Illinois will not defeat its pas-
sage by pressing his amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suppose some proposi-
tion in the nature of the one proposed by the
Senator from Illinois will ultimately pass, but
I think it should be considered by a committee.
It is certainly a matter of some importance.
The Committee on the Removal of Disabilities
have not considered this general bill at all, while
they have probably considered the original bill
for the relief- of these particular individuals.
The amendment will certainly lead to dis-
cussion, and this is not a very good place to
mature a proposition of that, kind. I therefore
join in the request that the Senator from Illi-
nois introduce his proposition as an independ-
ent one, have it referred to the committee, and
let it he duly considered. I hope he will with-
draw it as an amendment to the bill now under
consideration.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois if he intends to withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should prefer not to
withdraw it. I think we ought to act on the
general subject.
Mr. ABBOTT. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will not, precipitate a discussion in
regard to this subject, upon the Senate at this
time. Whenever the question does coine up
I shall desire to be heard upon it, and I think
I shall show clearly that there is nothing in
the present condition of the South, there is
nothing in its temper or in the attitude which
it holds toward the Government of the United
States, to induce us to take this long step at
this time.
Now, sir, this bill -is presented by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, and he is very anxious to I
get it through in order that important ollices I
in that State may he filled by these persons !
who have been designated for them. If this i
amendment is insisted upon we shall inevit- j
ably run into a long discussion involving the j
whole question of general amnesty, or as much j
of general amnesty as is included in the amend- I
raent of the Senator from Illinois. It is well
known that I am opposed to this movement.
I am opposed to it for reasons of public policy
at the present time. I do not believe there is
anything in the condition of the country which
requires that this step should be taken at the
present time ; and I repeat, if the question is
coming before the Senate, I desire to make
some remarks and criticisms upon the posi- j
tiotis which have been taken here by various ||
gentlemen, particularly in regard to the man- jj
ner of treating the populations of the south- (j
ern States, a large portion of whom are now !
as bitterly hostile to the Government of the j!
United States as they ever were. I hope the j'
Senator from Illinois will withdraw his amend- j:
ment and allow this bill to pass.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment and
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEUOY. I should like to know what
class of persons are not excepted under that
amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Everybody who held
office^ unless he was a member of Congress,
or a judge of a United States court, or voted
for the ordinances of secession. There are
tea thousand people scattered all through the
southern States who held judicial offices, who
held the offices of sheriffs, or who were mem-
bers of State Legislatures. The amendment
remove^ disabilities from the great body of the
people of the South. The exceptions would
be limited, as the. Senator from Kansas will
see if he will reflect for a moment. How many
men left the Congress of the United States au<l
went into the rebellion? I suppose not fifty.
I have not counted them up. How many ofli-
cers in the Army at that time left the Army and
went into the rebellion? A larger number I
suppose than went out of Congress. Then it
includes those persons in the secession con-
ventions who voted for ordinances of seces-
sion. 1 do not femember now more than half
a dozen judges that it would include. Leaving
out those who voted for ordinances of seces-
sion, the whole of the exceptions would not
amount, I imagine, to two hundred.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator's
object was to relieve all who were under dis-
abilities by the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not entirely. I would go
further. These are not all my exceptions ; but
this is the bill as the Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Robertson] introduced it. While
I should be willing to embrace a larger number
of persons than this provision does, 1 still think
this is better than to be passing these bills for
the relief of A, B, and C every day as we are
passing them. The amendment that is now
pending was offered by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. II ari.ax.]
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall pass
some general bill on this subject of the re-
moval of political disabilities. I would rather
act on this subject by general legislation. The
singling out of persons whom we know noth-
ing of, obscure persons, and acting upon them
individually, must, necessarily be a very par-
tial and unsatisfactory way of conducting this
business. I hope, therefore, that this amend-
ment will be adopted, it will reduce very
much the number of those cases that Congress
will have to consider individually, and it will
confine them to a class of persons who have
some antecedents that can bo ascertained, who
have some record that Congress can know
something of. But when you come down to
relieving persons who were justices of the
peace previous to the rebellion, and obscure
| people of that sort, it is impossible for any
1 investigation to be had here in Congress so as
to know anything of them or to adopt any-
thing like a lair rule.
It, seems to me that all should be satisfied to
i legislate on this subject now by classes. The
i time has come when we ought, to legislate by
j classes. I do not believe myself that these
j political disabilities are of any use. I believe
! the whole thing is productive of more harm
■ than good. 1 do not believe there is any power
in political disabilities to protect loyal men.
As I said before, I have no faith in them.
Although I propose to go with the great body
of Congress on this subject, and do not intend
to make any factious fight, about it, yet I think
it but reasonable that we should have general
legislation on this subject at as early a period
as possible. It seems to me that the time has
now arrived for such legislation.
I will explain why I do not think these
political disabilities do any good. In the first
place, all these persons can vote, notwithstand-
ing this constitutional amendment. The only
limitation contained in it is that certain per-
sens shall not hold ollice. So far as getting
persons to carry out their views who are not
laboring under political disabilities is con-
cerned there is no difficulty about that. There -
are plenty of persons in the South not laboring
under any disability whatever who will carry
out as violent, rebel views as any of those who
are under disabilities 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada will please suspend. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of Friday last is before the Senate, beiujj
