1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
1863, providing for allowing the persons whose
cotton was taken up and found by our authori-
ties to come into the Court of Claims, these
very claimants that my friend from South Caro-
lina seeks to help 
Mr. SAWYER. Not one of them, the Sen-
ator will allow me to say. This amendment
will affect no claim that does not come under
the act of March 12, 1863.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just- what I was
about to read.
Mr. SAWYER. It is the act of March 12,
1863, not March 8. There is another act of
March"3. The act of March 3 is not the act
under which these claims are preferred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let we read the act of
March 3, if it will not interrupt my friend
from Illinois, and you will see.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is the captured and
abandoned property act, under which about
eleven million dollars, I think, are still left in
the Treasury as the proceeds, of cotton col-
lected, captured, and abandoned in the south-
ern States; and it is for this money, and no
other, that the cotton claimants, so called, in
the Court of Claims, are going. This is what
they want to get out.
Mr. SAWYER. May I be allowed to inter-
■ rupt the Senator right there ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. The entire amount that is
possible to be recovered in the Court of Claims,
if every suitor that is in it should succeed
whose case would be affected by the repeal of
this provision, ^ less than two and a half mil-
lion dollars. The fund from which the money
is to be paid I admit is over eleven million
dollars; but the entire amount that could be
, recovered if every single claimant who will be
affected by this amendment should succeed is
less than two and a half millions. I speak with
a knowledge of what is in issue in every case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose my friend does,
and I do not doubt he is sincere. I agree with
him, that every cent which ought to be recov-
ered in that court, if we weie to repeal all
these statutes, is a good deal less than two
million dollars; but 1 repeat to him that upon
the information which we had last year, not
picked up from people who were claimants and
their attorneys, but picked up from the sworn
officers of the Government and from the rec-
ords in all these cases, the aggregate amount
of cotton claims exceeds all the money there
is left of that fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator
from Vermont rose to read the statute to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have got into a
discussion. Is the Senator through with his
reading ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No. "
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like the Sen-
ator to read the section of the statute which
he rose to read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not want to interrupt
you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wanted you to inter-
rupt me for that purpose.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. I was interrupted by your
colleague.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not my colleague more
than the Senator's. I should be very happy
to have the Senator from South Carolina for
a colleague ; it is certainly very agreeable to
me to have such a colleague in the Senate.
The provision which the Senator referred to
I do not have my eye on ; but it is a provision
of the general law that as a jurisdictional
question no person can bring a suit in the
Court of Claims without establishing his loy-
alty. That law was enacted some time during
the rebellion, I think perhaps in 1863. While
the war lasted we passed an act prohibiting
anybody who did not establish his loyalty from
bringing a suit in that court. But that is not
this question, The question here is another
one. Certain parties brought suits in the
Court of Claims, and these parties contend,
whether truly or not I do not undertake to say,
that they are the persons whom Mr. Lincoln's
proclamation of December, 1863, issued under
the act of 1862, released from all their offenses
and restored their property. That proclama-
tion, which was issued in 1863, provided for a
restoration of property; the proclamation con-
tains that provision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The "restoration of all
rights."
Mr. TRUMBULL. And property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, " rights of prop-
erty."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is :
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and make known to all
persons who have, directly or by implication, par-
ticipated in the existing rebellion, except as herein-
after excepted, that a fall pardon is hereby granted
to them and each of them, with restoration of all
rights of property, except as to slaves, and in prop-
erty cases where rights of third parties shall have
intervened, and upon the condition that every such
person shall take and subscribe an oath," &e.
I understand that certain persons have
brought suit alleging that they are these per-
sons who did comply with that proclamation,
about the truth of which allegation I do not
undertake to pass judgment.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I want to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois if it is not a fact that all those
who were disarmed at the close of the war
claim 'to be entitled to the benefits of that
proclamation ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose it to
be so; but I do not know. I do not think
they were entitled to it. I do not think anybody
who was disarmed at the close of the war is
entitled to it. I do not think that was the in-
tention. I do not know whether they pretend
to make such a claim. I do not suppose they
took this oath. I never understood that they
did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But there was a procla-
mation in 1865 by Johnson.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That proclamation of
Johnson restricted what had been proclaimed
before, as I understand, to some extent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; enlarged it; made
it broader.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; I understand he
excepted certain classes. Mr. Lincoln, in his
proclamation, made a very limited exception.
I think Johnson's proclamation, if I remember
it correctly, excepted persons that were worth
a certain amount of property, and so on, who
had not been excepted by Mr. Lincoln. I
think Mr. Johnson's proclamation was more
limited.
What I am trying to state is that some per-
sons claim that they are under this proclama-
tion. Now, suppose a man is under it. If
there is a person in the South or anywhere
else who dideome forward under the proclama-
tion of 1863 and lay down his arms and take
this oath, then I say that the Congress of the
United States and the Government of the
United States are pledged to let him have his
property.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator whether a man laying down his arms
in April, 1865, would come within the purview
of that proclamation?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. I think
in April, 1865, they were compelled to lay
down their arms. To come within this procla-
mation, in my judgment, it must have been a
voluntary act, done in goodfaich, and they must
have taken the oath and have returned to their
allegiance while there was war. I do not
think the men that we disarmed, out of whose
hands we took arms, are entitled to the benefits
of this proclamation. I do not think it meant
any such thing at that time. I do not think
that in 1863, the day after it was issued, when
we captured a man and took his arms away
from him he could turn around and take that
oath and get tlje benefit of the act.
Mr. MORTON. Let me ask the Senator
another question. In April, 1865, certain
armies surrendered in the presence of other
armies. That would not be a case in point;
but there were other rebel armies that volun-
tarily surrendered, not in the presence o£jhe
Union Army, voluntarily laid down their
arms; and what would there be now to pre-
vent them from coming in and getting a par-
don which would entitle them to sue in the
Court of Claims?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there have been
some adjudications probably upon that sub-
ject. I could only give an off-hand opinion
in regard to it; but my opinion would be that
a proclamation which was issued during the
war, and in reference to the conflict of arms
did not apply after that strife was over and
when the rebellion was subdued. I should sup-
pose so; but that is a matter to which my
attention has not been turned. I did not think
of-making any remarks on this subject until
it came up here. I have not even recently
referred to these various statutes. I presume
if we look at the various proclamations we
shall find how that is : but at any rate it seems
to me it must be so in the nature of the case.
This proclamation of Mr. Lincoln was issued
for a purpose. You must take into consid-
eration the condition of the country when it
was issued, the surrounding circumstances, and
the design of issuing that proclamation. The
design was to induce the southern people to
give up their rebellion and to return to their
allegiance to the Government of the United
States. I do not suppose that after the rebel-
lion was over, and after they were subdued,
they could take advantage of this proclama-
tion, even if it had never been recalled, or if
there had been no legislation on the subject.
We legislated here some years ago repealing
that clause in the act of 1862 which authorized
the issuing of these general pardons.
Mr. MORTON. 1 should like to have the
Senator's opinion on one further point. If
the next day after this proclamation was issued
all the rebels had simultaneously laid down
their arms, which would of course have ended
the war, would they not have been entitled to
the benefits of the proclamation ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think they would. If
in the midst of the conflict and with then-
armies organized, when Mr. Lincoln issued that
proclamation, before the rebel country had sur-
rendered, men took this oath of allegiance and
complied with the conditions of the proclama-
tion, I should have said that we were bound
by it, because it was issued in reference to that
state of things. I think the Senator from Indi-
ana would have said so too.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must ask the pardon of
the Senate for taking a moment more, because
I do not wish this matter to be misrepresented.
I do not mean by that to say that any Senator
would intentionally misrepresent; but both
my friend from Illinois and South Carolina
entirely misunderstand, and so misstate the
points of this legislation. This cooton money
that the act of last year and this repeal are
intended to affect is not confiscated cotton
money at all, to which the proclamation was
intended to apply. I do not know but that in
legal effect it would apply to all; but what we
were endeavoring to do by the proclamation
was to release confiscable property to its pro-
prietors when it had not gone so far that the
rights of third persons had intervened in it.
That was one separate and distinct statute ;
and that very statute authorized the Presi-
dent to issue that very proclamation relieving
from the effects of forfeiture and confiscation.
Then we had another statute, of the 12ih of
March, 1S63, as my friend from South Caro-
lina says. I misstated the date, because there
is a misprint in the margin of the book before
me, when I said it was the 3d of March, 1863.
The act of'March 12, 1863, to which this law
that we are disputing ai)Qut applies, is not a
