512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
the bill (H. R. No. 2414) ceding certain juris-
diction to the State of Ohio.
Mr. LEWIS. I move to pass by the regular
order and continue this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is utterly idle to at-
tempt to pass a general disability bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
motion to pass over now under the rules of the
Senate. The Senator from Virginia can move
to postpone the bill, the effect of which is to
displace it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will not be
done unless the amendment is withdrawn, for
otherwise it is utterly idle to expect action.
If the amendment is withdrawn I will agree to
the proposition. If the Senator from Illinois
is willing to withdraw the amendment, so as to
let the bill of the Senator from Virginia pass,
I am perfectly content to let the special order
be passed over informally.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois withdraw his amendment and allow this
bill to pass? It is a matter of very consider-
able importance to the people of Virginia, and
I cannot see any reason why it should not
pass. We have had it up several times, and
it is utterly impossible that he can expect to
pass his amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Virginia whether, if the
amendment I have proposed passes, it does
not embrace every one of the persons in his
bill?
Mr. LEWIS. I will just say to the Senator
that the Legislature of Virginia has extended
the time within which these persons may qual-
ify as officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that; but
that is not an answer to my question.
Mr. LEWIS. It will involve sending the
bill back to the House, and will defeat its
object. It is a House bill, and has already
been considered and passed there, and sent
here. To send it back to the House defeats
it, and defeats the object of the whole bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is certainly unpleas-
ant, to me to have to refuse to yield to the
;,i.peal of the Senator from Virginia and other
Senators in regard to this bill; but if we are
going on piecemeal to remove disabilities, first
ot this man and then of that, particular per-
sons in certain localities who may come to
Senators, we shall never pass a general bill.
Now, 1 think we had better pass some general
bill that shall be applicable to everybody labor-
ing under political disabilities, with certain
exceptions, and make such exceptions as the
Senate thinks proper. I think some ought to
be made. I would not remove the political
disabilities of every person, because there are
some who went out of this body and went into
the rebellion, and who got it up, that I do not
want to see return here; and J. am for adher-
ing to the fourteenth amendment in reference
to a few persons, but I am not for adhering to
it generally. I have sat here and seen these
special bills pass time and again under the
promise that a general bill would come along ;
but the general bill will never come while you
keep passing these special bills. The Senator
from South Carolina, who has this matter in
charge, introduced the very bill which I have
offered as an amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If tho Senator will
allow me, I propose, if he will withdraw his
amendment, that, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Disabilities, I shall at a very early day
he^ready to report a bill embracing his vie\vs.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois to withdraw his amendment, and
the next time a bill comes up let us stand by
in* amendment until we have general legisla-
tion. I. for one, will stand by him.
Air. ROBERTSON. I will agtee to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we have had this
same thing before.
Mr. STEWART. Not with fair notice of
this kind, with the understanding we will stand
by it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate will agree
to pass no more special bills after this passes
until we act upon the general subject I will
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. POMEROr. I objectto any agreement
on the part of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not withdraw the
amendment unless I can have thai under-
standing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio demands the regular order of busi-
ness, which is House bill No. 2414.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to pass by the orders
of the day and to continue the bill of the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has not
been read. As soon as it has been read the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky will be
in order.
message moil the hocsh.
A message from the House of Representa-
|, lives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
_A bill (II. R. No. 2708) for the relief of H.
Yv". Durgiu and others ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2700) for the relief of
Joseph Anderson, a citizen of Davidson county,
State of Tennessee ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 2710) for the relief of
Mary A. Ripley ;
A bill (H. B. No. 2711) for the relief of
William M. Henry;
A bill (H. It. No. 2713) in relation to addi-
tional bounties, &c. ;
A bill (H. it. No. 1051J for the relief of
John It. Bennett, late register of the land
office at Chatfisld, Minnesota ;
A bill (II. 11. No. 415) confirming the title
of Nathan Boyer to certain laud in the State
of Michigan ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2490) to amend an act
entitled " An act to confirm the title to certain
lands in Illinois;"
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 450) author-
izing the settlement of the accounts of William
Y. Patch;
A bill (II. R. No. 2717) to cause the removal
of machinery, arms, and stores now at the
Alleghany arsenal, in the city of Pittsburg, and
to sell the remaining property and appurten-
ances to the municipal authorities of the city
of Pittsburg;
A bill (H. R, No. 2718) for therelief of Mrs.
Polly W. Cottou ;
A bill (II. It. No. 2719) for the relief of
Robert P. Chovvden;
^ A bill (II. R. No. 2720) for the relief of A.
V. Richards;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 832) for the
relief of Captain E. \V. Bass, late of the fifth
Tennessee cavalry;
A joint resolutiou (II. R. No. 451) to appro-
priate old and condemned bronze cannon for
soldiers' monuments and cemeteries ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No.- 100) provid-
ing for the payment of James T. Elliott, late
a private in the eleventh Michigan infantry, for
services as extra-duty clerk ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2721) for the relief of
Isaac P. Kinkcad.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 53) to pay
two companies of Oregon volunteers, without
amendment.
Tho message also announced that the House
had pa.-sed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion of the Senate, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (iS. No. 1149) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the refunding of the
national debtand
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 22G) for the
relief of Richard P. Hammond.
The message further anaounced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the following joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 80) for the
restoration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of tho
United States Navy, to the active list lromtlie
reserved list; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 377) granting
condemned ordnance to the Seventh Regiment
Monument Association of Ohio.
oiiio soldiers' homis
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 2414) ceding certain jurisdiction to the
State of Ohio. It proposes to cede to the State
of Ohio, and relinquish on the part of the
United States, the jurisdiction over tlie [dace
purchased for the location of the National Asy-
lum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, under
and by virtue of the act of Congress of March
8, 18bo, entitled "An act to incorporate a
national military and naval asylum for the
relief of the totally disabled officers and men
of the volunteer forces of the United States,"
and the act of* March 21, 18GG, amendatory
thereto, and upon which the asylum is located.
But nothing contained in the act is to be con-
strued to impair the powers and rights hereto-
fore conferred upon the board of managers of
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers, incorporated under the act. in and
over the said territory.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
an amendment to the bill, in line three to
strike out the words " the jurisdiction over the
place," and in lieu thereof to insert "ail the
title, right, and interest of the United States in
and to the property."
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky now moves to postpone the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Shekmax] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no desire tospeak.
I simply say that under the laws of Ohio every
person, being a citizen of the United States,
who has resided there one year is entitled to
vote. In 1866 one of the soldiers' homes,
organized under the general law of Congress!
was established in the State of Ohio, and the
Legislature of that State passed an act ceding
jurisdiction to the United States. Under the
act of Congress authorizing the establishment
of soldiers' homes, the board of managers pur-
chased one mile square near the city of Day-
ton, Ohio, a valuable piece of ground, and on
that has been established the largest soldiers'
home now in existence, containing, on an
average, eleven hundred soldiers. Of these,
three or four hundred are entitled to vote
under the laws of Ohio ; that is, they either
were born in Ohio or have resided in Ohio a
year, and hence are entitled to vote under our
laws. But by a decision of the supreme con it
of the State of Ohio, made a year ago. it is
held that as this land was ceded to the United
States under the provisions of the Constitution,
the effect of that cession is substantially to put
this mile square outside of the jurisdiction of
Ohio, so that the soldiers who are living en
this land cannot vote. At the time the law was
passed in Congress and in the State Legisla-
ture no one citizen dreamed that the effect of
this action would be to deprive these poldicis
of the right to vote. On the other hand, the
law itself contained the express condition tl:-r
it should not interfere with the ri^ht of ;inv
citizen of Ohio, or any person residing in Oiuu,
to vote if entitled to vote under the
laws of tne State of Ohio and the Untied
States accepted this land, and tho board of
managers made the purchase of it, subject to
this condition contained in the laws of Ohio.
4he effect of the decision of the surreal"
court of Ohio, however, is to exclude this mile
square entirely from the jurisdiction of the
