1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
confiscation act, but it provides for special
agents to receive and collect abandoned 'or
captured property in certain States; it provides
for that property being sold, and the proceeds
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Tlym it provides how the owners of any such
captured or abandoned property may, within
two years after the rebellion closes, come in
and get it back on certain terms. And what
are those terms ? They must go to the Court of
Claims, understand, not to Congress ; and we
provided that method for a mail who could
show that that property of his ought not to
have been taken. And what does the statute
say?
"And any person claiming to have been the owner
of any such abandoned or captured property may,
at any time within two years after the suppression
of the rebellion, prefer his claim to the proceeds
thereof in the Court of Claims ; and on proof to the
■satisfaction of said court of his ownership of said
property, of his right to the proceeds thereof, and
that he has never given any aid or comfort to the
present rebellion, to receive the residue of such pro-
ceeds, after the deduction of any purchase-money
which may have been paid, together with the ex-
pense of transportation and sale of said property,
and any other lawful expenses attending the dis-
position thereof."
The same Congress which confiscated the
property of rebels, and authorized the Pres-
ident to lake_ it for the use of the Army,
authorized him to restore that confiscated
property; but the proclamation which has been
read, proceeded in this statute to deal with an
entirely different class of subjects, and said
that this stuff which was "lying around loose,"
to use a homely expression, which was taken
as prize of war, not confiscated as the prop-
erty of an individual, but gathered up by the
armies, that there was no apparent owner to,
should be brought in and sold, and the pro-
ceeds put into the Treasury ; and then, if after
the lebellion a man should come and show
that he never had had any connection with the
rebellion at all as a matter of fact, the pro-
ceeds should be given back to him. I am
entirely ready to keep that promise. I am as
much in favor of keeping promises, let me
tell my friend from South Carolina, as his con-
stituents are, some of whom, I am bound to
say, are not so highly charged with honesty
as he seems to suppose. I shall give him an
illustration in a minute.
That was our promise. No act that we have
passed has taken ba«k one particle or iota of
that promise. All that we said by the legis-
lation of last year was that the man who came
into that court should keep that promise good,
and if he wanted to claim under the procla-
mation as a man whose property had been
confiscated, or who was entitled by force of
the pardon, let him come here and we would
investigate his individual case. We have said
all the time that we never would allow.any man
to go to the Court of Claims for this class of
property unless he never had been connected
with the rebellion, because we would not trust
it to any court but ourselves, the representa-
tives of the States and the people, to determ-
ine how.this money should be paid out of the
Treasury which was gathered up in*this way.
We never conferred any such jurisdiction on
the court.
Now, how was it necessary that this statute
should be passed ? It was because of a decis-
ion made last summer by the Supreme Court
(that somehow or other has always been so
unfortunate as to be obliged to decide all of
these questions Against the Government) in
favor of rebels. It is somewhere in the ninth
volume of Wallace's Reports, if it has been
printed ; I should hope it had been suppressed.
In the opinion to which I now refer the Su-
preme Court solemnly decided, in the face of
the very statute that I have read, which says
that the man must show that he never did give
any aid to the rebellion, that the pardon of
Andrew Johnson which the claimant produced,
(and 1 believe in that case it was in 1885, bat
ho matter; that does not touch the principle,)
proved that he never had given any aid to the
rebellion ; that that was the legal effect of the
pardon. In other words, the Supreme Court
said that, instead of showing that the man had
been guilty of an offense which was forgiven
to him, the pardon, in contemplation of law,
proved that he had always been a patriot; that
instead of being Jefferson Davis, he had been
Abraham Lincoln, as a matter of fact; and
therefore that, under a statute which said he
should not go into the Court of Claims at all
with a claim of this kind unless he should
show that he never had been connected with
the rebellion, the pardon proved exactly that
he never had been.
That to the eye of an unsophisticated man
is monstrous. It may be technically law, and
I suppose it is, as it has been decided, and it
will be so until it is reversed, I .imagine; but
that was the decision, and under that—I must
ask pardon for referring to it now—which led
to this legislation, and as a specimen case,
was the claim of a South Carolinian or a
Georgian; I do not know which he was, and
it is not material, because my friend is not
responsible for all his constituents any more
than we areatthe North. Under that decision,
pending in the Court of Claims and controlled
by it, was a claim of a man named Lamar for
several hundred thousand dollars' worth of
cotton, he having received the pardon of Pres-
ident Johnson. In taking the evidence in sup-
port of his claim and in opposition to it, one
of his letters was found in some of the archives
of the confederate government, which he had
written to an officer there upon the subject of
getting this pardon, in which he states the case
of himself and his compatriots who were avail-
ing themselves of pardons, as follows:
"By availing myself of the law of Congress of lTth
July. 1862, ami President Lincoln's proclamation
of 8th December, 1863, founded thereon, I could, if
justice anil law were dealt to me in common with
others, preserve all my property to myself, pay off |
all my debts, and have a comfortable competency
remaining for myself and my family, and I could,
whenever I pleased, expatriate myself from Yankee
dominion and vicinity.
"By refusing, all my property must go into the
Yankee Treasury, under their confiscation acts, and
I be left in their midst, unable to move beyond their
tyranny and despotism in any direction.
"Some may say I had rather gone under the pro-
tection of France or of Great Britain, or perhaps of
the king of Dahomey; but let it be remembered that
none of these alternatives were at my choice. Nor
can I see much advantage in any of them if they had
been over the one I took, nay, none by no means so
good, for if I am not deceived and defrauded of my
legal rights"—
And the Supreme Court say he shall not be—
" I can avail myself of a choice among them all,
and can now go from one to the other, or anywhere
else, till I can improve my position, which almost
anything on earth that is tolerable will do, over
Yankee Puritanism and Yankee Democracy. If X
cannot serve the confederacy by the course X have
adopted I can at least defeat the Federal Treasury
in acquiring all my property for its advantage, which
I prefer to make myself a beggar and a dunderhead
at my time of life, and if I may not thereby give
active and direct aid to the better cause, it will
be in some degree, at least, an indirect benefit, by
diverting so much from its enemies."
This is a specimen of this class of claimants,
all of whom are under proclamations of pardon,
and with pardons in their pockets, which were
given out very thick in 1865, as to which the
Supreme Court say, as a matter of law, that the
very fact that that man Lamar has got such a
pardon in his pocket proves conclusively, so
that parol proof cannot be received against it
as to any act of his life, that he has never been
a rebel, but has always been loyal. It was to
meet that erroneous decision that last year,
not suddenly as my friend says, but after con-
sideration, after long debate, the Senate, by
a vote of more than three fourths of all the
Republican members, who do not believe in
the idea of restoring all this property back to
rebels under all circumstances as our Demo-
cratic friends do, voted to put the provision
upon the bill and make it a law. I have no
doubt it has had the effect that my friend from
South Carolina says, to prevent some claim-
ants from getting along with their cases as fast
as they otherwise would. We have not vio-
lated faith a particle. We never authorized
these people to go into the Court of Claims,
and for one I do not intend to do it now.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
South Carolina allow me now to refer to the
statute that prevents a disloyal man from going
into the Court of Claims? I have found it.
It is not the captured and abandoned property
act. The Senator from Vermont thought it
was the act in regard to captured and aban-
doned property. It is there too, perhaps; but
there is a general law in regard to the.oi-gan-
ization of the court, and I will read from the
act to amend an act to establish a court for
the investigation of claims against the United
States, approved February 24, 1855. This
amendatory act, approved March 3, 1803, con-
tains this provision:
" That, in order to authorize the said court to ren-
der a j udgment in favor of any claimant, if a citizen
of the United States, it shall be set forth, in the peti-
tion that the claimant, and the original and every
prior owner thereof, where the claim has been as-
signed, has at all times borne true allegiance to the
Government of tho United States, and, whether a
citizen or not, that he has not in any way volun-
tarily aided, abetted, or given encouragement to
rebellion against the said Government, which alle-
gations may be traversed by the Government, and
if on the trial such issue shall be decided against
the claimant, his petition shall be dismissed."
Then, in 1868, some three years ago, we
passed this additional statute :
"That whenever it shall be material in any suit or
claim before any cotrrt to ascertain whether any
person did or did not give any aid or comfort to tho
late rebellion, the claimant or party asserting the
loyalty of any such person to the United States
during such rebellion shall be required to prove
affirmatively that such person did. during said rebel-
lion, consistently adhere to the United States, and
did give no aid or comfort to persons engaged in said
rebellion ; and the voluntary residence of any such
person in any place where, at any time during such
residence, the rebel force or organization held sway,
shall be prima facie evidence that such person did
give aid and comfort to said rebellion and to the
persons engaged therein."
So that we have two statutes ; first, a gen-
eral statute that no judgment shall be given
in the Court of Claims unless the party is
able to establish affirmatively his loyalty; and
next, a statute which says that if he resided or
was in the jurisdiction where the rebels bore
sway that shall be prima facie evidence of
disloyalty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But now the Supreme
Court have decided that it is conclusive evi-
dence of loyalty that he has a pardon.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I remem-
ber the felicity with which the Senator from
Vermont in the discussion of this question at
the last session held up the "raw head and
bloody bones" of G. B. Lamar. He told us
of the vast claim which this rebel had upon
the Treasury which was surely to be paid,
unless this provision was put into the act of
July 12,18T0. The facts are, as I have reason
to believe, that the Government has a com-
plete defense against the application of the
principle of the decision in the Padelford
ease to the Lamar case. I ask if any sensible
judge, on any bench, having this letter before
him, proved to have been written before the
taking of the amnesty oath, would give to.a
suitor offering to plead such oath and amnesty
thereunder any benefit on its account. The
amnesty would be proved to have been fraud-
ulently obtained, the oath to have been takeu
falsely.
The Padelford case was of this character;
the claimant proved his loyalty, with a single
exception, or perhaps two exceptions; and the
exceptions -were as follows; one was that he
had, to please a neighbor, signed an official
bond of some man who was a subordinate
officer in the so-called confederate govern-
ment; the other was that, under the pressure
of public opinion and the fear of personal
violence or of the loss of property which might
occur by arousing the hostility of what was
little else than an infuriated mob, he had in-
