1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
State of Ohio, and to deprive these soldiers of
the right to vote. Such a result was not an-
ticipated by any one. It has shocked the feel-
ings of justice of the people of Ohio, I may say,
almost without distinction of party. I do not
think there is any one, unless it be a person of
very narrow views indeed, who would seek to
deprive of the right to vote an old soldier who
under the laws of Ohio was entitled to vote,
merely because he spent his pension upon this
land dedicated to a Soldiers' Home, rather than
upon any olher sciuare mile of land in the State
of Ohio. There is a strong public sentiment
in that State that the right to vote should be
restored to these citizens; and if the effect of
the legislation of Congress and of the State of
Ohio has been to deprive them of the right to
vote, as is now held by the supreme court of
the State of Ohio, the shortest, simplest, and
best way is to recede to that State all the right,
title, and interest of the United States to this
land.
It will not affect in anyway the government
of the institution. The land is deeded, not to
the United States, but to a corporation cre-
ated by the United States. It is precisely in
the condition of land ceded to a banking cor-
poration organized under the laws of the Uni-
ted States. I could show here that this decis-
ion of the supreme court of Ohio was founded
upon erroneous assumptions; but that would
make no difference: it is the law of our State,
and although the House of .Representatives
may, on the election of k member of the House,
correct that decision so far as the member is
concerned, yet this is the law of the State of
Ohio, and it prevents these soldiers, although
born in the city of Dayton, from voting in the
State of Ohio for all the local offices, for mem-
bers of the Legislature, and for Governor of
the State, and disfranchises them from every
right whatever as citizens. No one contem-
plated such"a result. Therefore this bill, passed
at the last session of Congress by the House
of Representatives, was passed to recede the
jurisdiction over this land to the State of Ohio.
Objection was made by my colleague at the
last session that to recede the jurisdiction
alone without receding the land would
effect the result proposed, becav-ss ths juris-
diction of the United Stats? r,Tii;s from the
cession of the land +,*, '.'is United States.
Mr, POMSS.OT. How about taxes? Can
your State tax it?
Mr. SHEliIIAN. No; under the constitu-
tion of our State, and under the law as it now
stands, this property is not taxable. The con-
stitution of the State of Ohio provides that
public charities may be exempt from taxation
by general law, and it is so by express provis-
ion of law. The cession back to the State
of Ohio of the interest of the United States
in this land does not affect in any respect the
rights, duties, or obligations of the board of
managers who control this institution ; and this
hill, in order to make "assurance doubly sure,''
contains that provision:
That nothing contained in this not shall be con-
strued to impair the powers and rights heretofore
conferred upon the boaid of managers of the Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldier?, in-
corporated under said act, in and over said territory.
The intention and effect of this bill is, by
ceding to Ohio any interest the United States
may have in this propertj', to prevent the effect
of the decision of the supreme court of the
State of Ohio which deprives these soldiers
of the right to vote. It is a question so sim-
ple that 1 do not think it necessary to discuss
it further at present. My colleague may say
something to which I shall, perhaps, have occa-
sion to reply.
Mr. THUEMAN. Mr. President, I hope
that I may have the attention of the Senate in
the consideration of this bill. The Senate will
make a very great mistake if it supposes that
this is a mere local bill to affect nobody but
the people of . lontgomerv county, Ohio, or
the inmates of the asylum near Dayton, or that
it involves no question but whether those in-
41st Cong. 3d Skss.—No. 33.
I!
mates shall be allowed to vote at elections in
that county. The bill goes far beyond that;
and if it pass and become a law it will, in my
judgment, inevitably destroy that Soldiers'
Home. 1 think I shall be able to show to the
Senate, before Iget through, that this is a bill
which, though not intended for the purpose,
must inevitably, if itbeeomealaw, destroy that
asylum; and if so, I suppose that no Senator
will give it his vote.
It might be inferred from the remarks of my
colleague that there is nothing in this question
but whether the inmates of that asylum should
be allowed to vote, and that they have been
deprived of their right to vote by an erroneous
decision of the supreme court of the State of
Ohio. I shall show, before I get through, that
that decision, so far from being erroneous, is
as well sustained by authority as any decision
that ever was pronounced. I know of no de-
cision ever pronounced by a court that reflects
more honor upon the judges who made it than
that decision, for it was made by five Repub-
lican judges against the wishes and the feelings
of their party; it was a decision in which they
had every temptation to swerve from judicial
rectitude and to look at it as a party question;
and yet not one man of them swerved. Every
man of them, breasting any torrent of indig-
nation that might be turned against him, scorn-
ing all the invectives that demagogues might
utter, unmoved by all declamation about the
merits of the disabled soldiers and the cruelty
of depriving them of the right of suffrage which
they had so well earned and so well deserved—
every man of them stood by the Constitution
and the laws which he had sworn to support,
and rendered the judgment they required at
his hands. And 1 am proud this day that I
can say in the Senate of the United States that
Ohio has a judiciary that is learned and intelli-
gent enough to discern the right, and virtuous
enough to stand firmly by it.
Now, Mr. President, let us see what this
question is. On the 3d day of March, 1805,
Congress passed an act to incorporate one hun-
dred persons for the purpose of maintaining
asylumsfor wounded and disabled soldiers and I
seamen of the United States. On the 21st of ;
March of the following year, 18o6, an act !
amendatory of that act was passed containing I
provisions that almost or entirely superseded •
the first act. Indeed, I may say, in general i
terms, that the first act was superseded by the 1
second, because the second left nothing for the ;
first to operate upon. By this act of March 1
21, 18GG, although the managers of these asy- >
lums are not called a corporation, yet they
are, I grant, invested with corporate faculties.
Thar is to say, the power of acquiring and
holding real estate, the faculty of suing and the
liability to be sued, were conferred upon them: ;
and although perpetual succession is not con-
ferred. because that would be inconsistent '
with the very object of tho act, which only ;
applies to disabled soldiers in the late civil <
war, and the corporation therefore must ne- ;
cessarily be of limited duration, yet succession j
as long as there may be such soldiers to main-
tain is granted bv the act.
T admit., therefore, that, passing by any want ■
of an express grant of corporate powers, sub- i
stantially this act of March 21, 180G, does i
create a corporation. I shall not contest with ;
my colleague upon that question. Now, let 1
us see what were the powers conferred by that j
act. It provides for a board of twelve man- i
agers, and certain very high persons are cx j
officio members of that board. The President. !
the Secretary of War, and the Chief Justice j
of the Usited States are ex officio members of •
that board. Then, nine citizens are members, !
to be appointed by joint resolution of the two |
Houses of Congress. Then, it is provided— :
"That the hoard of managers shall have authority j
to piocurc foi eaily use, at suitable places, sites for ;
military asylums for all persons serving ill the Army ,
of the United States at any time in the war ot tuc ;
rebellion, not provided for by existing laws — ,
The reason of this provision, " not provided !
for by existing laws," is that a previous act
provided an asylum for the wounded soldiers
j of the regular Army, and this act is therefore
i limited to soldiers who were in the volunteer
i service—
' "who have been or may hereafter be di«qnalified
j for procuring their own maintenance and support
, by reason of wounds received or sickness contracted
!, while in the line of their duty during thepresent re-
beliion, and to have the necessary buildings erected.
;i having due regard to the health of location, facility
; of access, atld capacity to accommodate the persons
: provided for in this act."
j; Then it proceeds to provide a fund for the
M maintenance of the asylum. That is done in
i the next section, section five:
" Skc. 5. Atvlhz it further enacted, That for the
establishment and support of this asylum thereskalt
; be appropriated all stoppages or fines adjudged
1 against such officers and soldiers by sentence of
j court-martial or military commission over andabovo
; the amounts necessary for the reimbursement of
the Government or of individuals; all forfeitures
j on account of desertion from such service; and all
I moneys due such deceased officers and soldiers which
j now are or may he unclaimed for three years after
i the death of such officers and soldiers, to be repaid
j upon thedemandof theheirs-orlegalrepresentatives
, of such deceased officers or soldiers. And the said
| board of managers are hereby authorized to receive
! ail donations of money or property made by any
1 person or persons for the benefit of the asylum, and
to hold or dispose of the same for its sale and exclu-
sive use."
Then there is a provision that the board
of managers may appoint a governor, deputy
governor, secretary, treasurer, and such other
officers as they may deem necessary.
The next section provides who shall be
! entitled to the benefits of the asylum. The
next requires the board of managers to make
: an annual report of the condition of the asylum
; to Congress. 'Then comes the most important
j provision in the whole bill, so far as the admin-
j istration of the charity is concerned, and the
! effectiveness of its rule:
1 " Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That all inmate?
I of the asylum shall be, and they are hereby, made
j subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and will be
; governed thereby in the same manner as if they
1 were in the Army of the United States."
! And this brings us at once to inquire what
is the status of ail inmate of that asylum.
Before considering that question, however, I
wish to state a little of the history of these
asylums. Several purchases were made in
different States by this board of managers.
Among others a purchase was made of lands
in the county of Montgomery, in the State of
Ohio, and upon that laud the managers located
the great central asylum. That land was con-
veyed by Abraham Roseberrv and others, in
the year 1866, the same year the act passed,
to the corporation, by its corporate name of
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers. In the following April the Legisla-
ture of Ohio assented to that cession by the
act which has been heretofore read by my col-
league. It assented to it, however, oil certain
conditions, contained in two provisos:
"Provided, lancever, Thatall civil and criminal pro-
cess issued under the authority of the State of Ohio,
or any officer thereof, maybe executed on said lands
and in the buildings which may be located thereon,
in the same way and manner as if jurisdiction hadj
not been ccdcd as aforesaid : And provided further,'
That nothing in this act shall be construed to pre-
vent the officAs, employes, and inmates of said asy-
lum, who are qualified voters of this State, from
exercising the right of suffrage at rsl township,
county, and State elections in the township in which
tho said National Asylum shall be located."
Subsequent to the passage of that act an
election was held in which about ferty-three of
the inmates of that asylum voted, in a contest
between two persons for the office of clerk of
the court of common pleas of Montgomery
county. The election was contested, and the
decision of it went to the supreme court. The
questions necessarily before that court were
first, whether this land belonging to this cor-
poration nominally was in fact land ceded to
the United States within the meaning of the
provision of the Constitution in reference to
exclusive jurisdiction over land that may be
ceded to the United States. If that question
were answered in the affirmative, then the fur-
