1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
holding an office which had been created, or
the emoluments of which had been increased
daring his term, the-limitation would not have
been expressed in the section, but it would
have been made a perpetual disqualification.
The disqualification is only that he shall not
hold one of these offices which have been newly
created or the emoluments of which have
been increased during the term for which he
was elected. There is the expression of one
thing, and I say there follows the exclusion of
the other proposition which has been urged by
the Senator from Vermont, and that is, the
Constitution declaring a temporary disqualifi-
cation, we are prevented from making it a per-
petual disqualification. Why? Clearly because
it would be an invasion of the President's pre-
rogative under the second section of the second
article, which declares that—
" lie [the President] f5ha.ll nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint embassadors, other public ministers and
consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other
officers of the United States, whose appointments
are not herein otherwise provided for, and which
fchall be established bylaw."
This is precisely an office which is sought
to be "established bylaw" of Congress, and
the President has the power to nominate for
the office whomsoever he will; and I do deny
the power of Congress to circumscribe his
choice either territorially or by any fixed diss
of persons. If we can exclude members of
the present Congress, we can exclude mem-
bers of any past Congress. I see no limita-
tion upon the power, and I am unwilling to
admit that the Congress of the United States
can in any way, except that pointed out by
the Constitution, circumscribe the choice of
the President or the power ot nominating indi-
viduals for office. That is the second reason
why I believe we have not the power to adopt
the amendment offered by my honorable
friend from Vermont. At the same time I am
very glad that he has offered the amendment
so as to give the Senate an opportunity to
express their opinion in regard to this mat-
ter of having offices created or lobbied for by
members of Congress* to the interference of
our business, and I think to the scandal of the
country.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I move to lay
the pending bill and all the amendments on
the table.
The VICE PKESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves that the bill and amendments
lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a test question, I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will with-
draw the amendment I presented. I do not
desire to raise a constitutional question here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn. The Senator from Kentucky
moves that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a test vote.
I call fcr the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 80, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair. Bucking-
ham Cameron, Cattell. Chandler, Conkhng, Cor-
bm. Edmunds Teuton, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, llamlin, Harlau, Johnston, McUccry.
Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, behurz,
ficott, Spencer, Stockton, Trumbull, \ lckers, \\ ll-
liams, and Wilson—30. n ,
NAYS—Messrs.. Abbott, Brownlow Casserly, Cole,
Flanagan, Harris, Hill, Howard. Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, McDonald, Morton, Xye, 0?born, Patterson.
Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sherman, Stewart. sumnen,
Thavgr, Thurraan, Tipton, Worner, and lares
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Carpenter,
Cragin, Davis, Ferry, Hamilton oi Texas, Howell,
Miller, Morrill of Maiue, Revels, Robertson, fcauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stearns, and Willey 1/.
So the motion was agreed to.
akmy appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the sundry civil
appropriation bill. The Chair desires to state
that three conference committees are now
ready to report.
Mr. COLE. The committee of conference
on the Army appropriation bill have had the
same under consideration and have directed
me to submit a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that we go on
with the first conference report, that on the
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. This will take but a little while
and the enrolling clerks desire it very much.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the Senator from California will be received.
The report was read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2316)
entitled " An act making appropriations lor the sup-
port ot the Army for the year ending June 30, 1872, ,
and for other purposes," having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede lrom their second, fourth,
and seventh amendments.
That the House recede trom their disagreement to
the first, fifth, sixth, and ninth amendments of the
Senate and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same, with the following amendment, namely: strike
out the proviso, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing: " Provided, That this section shall not be
construed to affect the legal rights of the Govern-
ment or the obligations of the companies, except as
herein specified and provided and that the said
amendment, as amended, be placed at the end of the
bill a3 a new section; and that the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with the following amendment, namely:
strike out all of the said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof, the following:
" That the President of the United States shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to nominate, and, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point a board of commissioners of claims, to consist
of three commissioners, who shall be commissioned
for two years, and whose duty it shall be to receivc,
examine, and consider the justice and validity ot
such claims as shall be brought before them of those
citizens who remained loyal adherents to the cause
and the Government of the United States during the
war for stores or supplies taken or furnished during
the rebellion for the use of the Army oi the United
States in SUtes proclaimedas in insurrection against
the United States, including the use and loss of ves-
sels or boats while employed in the military service
of the United States.. And the said commissioners
in considering said claims shall be satisfied from the
testimony of witnesses under oath, or from other suf-
ficient evidence, which shall accompany each claim,
taken under such rules and regulations as the com-
missioners may adopt of the loyalty and adher-
ence of the claimant to the cause and the Govern-
ment of the United States before and at the time of
the taking or furnishing of the property for which
any claim shall be made, and of the quantity, qual-
ity, and value of the property alleged to have been
taken or furnished, and the time, place, and material
circumstances of the taking or furnishing of the same.
And, upon satisfactory evidence of the justice and
validity of any claim, the commissioners shall re-
port their opinion in writing in each case, and shall
certify the nature, amount, and value of the property
taken, furnished, or used as aforesaid. And each
claim which shall be considered and rejected as un-
just and invalid shall likewise be reported, with the
reasons therefor; and no claimant shall withdraw
any material evidence submitted m support of any
°*gjJc[ That, said commissioners shall take the
oath of office provided by law to be taken by all
o&cers of the United States, and shall proceed witu-
out delay to discharge their duties under this act.
The President of the United States shall designate,
in his appointment, one of said commissioners to be
president of the board, and shall bo authorized to
fill anv vacancy which may occur by reason of death
or resignation in said board; and each commissioner
shall have authority to administer oaths and affirm-
ations, and to take the depositions ot witnesses in
a,11 matters pertaining to theirduties. I hesaid com-
missioners shall meet and organize said board and
hold their sessions at Washington. Two members
of the board shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of business, and the agreement oi two shall
decide all questions m controversy. The said com-
missioners shall have authority to make and Publish
rules for their procedure, not inconsistent with this
act. and shall publish notice of their sessions, ihey
shall keep a journal of their proceedings, to bcsigncu
by the president of the board, and a register ot all
claims brought before the board, showing the date
of presentation, number, n.ime, and residence ot
claimant, subject-matter, and amount of claim, and
the amount, if any, allowed, which records shall be
open to the inspection of the President and AtvOrncj
General ot the United States, or sucti officer aj the
Prefideut may designate. tut l
$EC _. Thatsaid commissioners shah make report
of their proceedings, and oi each claim considered
by them, at the commencement of each session of
Congress, to the Speaker of the House ot Representa-
tives, who shall Uy the same bcioie Congress lor
consideration; and all claims within tms act and
not presented to said board shall be barred, and
shall not be entertained by any Department of the
Government without further authority of Congress.
Sec. —. That the commissioner of claims shall be
paid quarterly under this act, at, the rate of $5,000
per annum each, and they shaH have authority to
appoint one clcrk and one short-hand reporter, to be
paid quarterly at the rate of $2,500 per annum each,
and one messenger, to be paid at the rate of $1,200
per annum, who shall perform the services required
of them, respectively; and said board shall be further
allowed the necessary actual expenses of office rent,
furniture, fuel, stationery, and printing, to be certi-
fied by the president of the board and to be audited
on vouchers and paid as other judicial expenses are.
Sec.—. That a sufficient appropriation to carry
this into effect is hereby made out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
And that the Senate agree to said amendment as
amended. a COLEf
JOHN M. TIIAYBR,
FRANK P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
<). J. DICKEY,
JAMES E. BECK.
JOHN A. LOGAN,
Managers an the part of the Home.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I sug-
gest to the Senator presenting this report that
it lie on the table for the present until we look
at it. As far as I can understand it from its
reading I am opposed to it myself, and hope
it will be disagreed to; but I should be glad
to have it lie on the table, that we may under-
stand its tenor and effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. COLE. I hope it may be disposed of
without delay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it lies over
informally the Senator from California can
call it up. It will be laid over informally.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee of confer-
ence on the bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate
the Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to
aid in the construction of its road, and for
other purposes, have met, and after full and
free conference have agreed to present, a report.
I will remark here that this report has been
presented in the House of Representatives and
lias been concurred in by the House. 1 move
now that the Senate concur in the same re-
port.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me we should
expedite the public business by takingup con-
ference reports in order. The report on the
Post Office appropriation bill is undisposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us get through with
this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report pre-
sented by the Senator from Michigan will be
read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
report.
Mr. HOWARD. In order to save time, if
no Senator desires it, I suggest that the mere
reading of the changes of name be dispensed
with. I would remark that the name of the
corporation has been changed to the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better hear
it all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will all be
reported.
The reading of the report was continued.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary if he
is reading from the House bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He is reading
from the manuscript of the report of the con-
ference committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Secretary is reading
to strike out here and there line six, section
seven, and something else.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Vermont
demanded the reading of the report in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrora
Michigan proposes to explain it alter the re-
port has been read in full, upon the demand of
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I have both bills before
me, and my question simply is whether the
Secretary is now reading in reference to
amendments on the Senate bill or the House
bill,
