1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3.
Mr. HOWARD. The House amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading.
Th? Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the report, which is as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 647) enti-
tled "An act to incorporate the Texas Pacific Kail-
road Company, and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes," having met, after full
and free conference haverecommended. and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recedefromtheir disagreement to
the amendments of tho House, and do concur in
the samo with the following amendments thereto,
namely:
In line one, section one, strike out ' Southern "and
insert "Texas."
In section two, line six, strikeout" Southern" and
insert "Texas."
In section three, line two, striko out " Southern "
and insert "Texas."
In section four, lino two, strike out "Southern"
and insert "Texas."
Jn lino thirteen, same section, make same change.
In section seven, line one, make same change.
In section nine, lino four, make same change.
In section eleven, line one, make same change.
In section fifteen, line one, make same change.
In section fifteen, line four, make same change.
In section fifteen, line eight, make same change.
In section fifteen, line ten, make same change.
Jn section fifteen, lino fourteen, make same change.
In section seventeen, line one, make same change.
In section ninoteen, line one, make same change.
In section twenty, line four, make same change.
In section twenty-one, line two, mako same
change.
Strike out so much of the House amendments as
reads as follows, it boing the last clause of said
amendments, namely:
Amend the title so that it will read: "An act to
incorporate the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and to aid in the construction of its road, and for
other purposes."
In section one, linetwenty-eight.of Senate bill, for
"John S. Sprague" insert "John T. Sprague," and
in lino thirty-one, same section, lor "J. S. Williams"
insert "J, T. Williams."
Strike out the twenty-third section of said amend-
ments, being in tho following, words, namely:
Seo. -3. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall be in force from and after its passage.
In section One of said amendments, in line twelve,
strike out tho words " on the eastern boundary of
tho State of Texas."
And on the fifteenth lino of samo section strikeout
the words "the route known as."
^ And in sumo section, line thirteen, after word
"Marshall," insert the following: "county of Harri-
son, Stato of Texas; thencobytlio most direct and
eligible route, to be determined by said company,
near tho thirty-second parallel of north latitudo to a
point at or near El Paso, thence by the most direct
and eligible route, to be selected by said company,
through ISicwMexico and Arizona, to a pointtin the
Rio Colorado, at or near tho southeastern boundary
of the State of California; thence by the most direct
and eligible route to San Diego, California,."
In section two, line twenty, after the word "there-
on" insert the following: " in money to the treasurer
to bo elected by said commissioners, who shall give
hond for its safe-keeping and payment, to the treas-
urer of the company when organized."
In section thirteen, line two, of said amendments,
after the word "annually" insert the words "by the
1st day of Julyand at tho end of said section thir-
teen insert tho following: "and further, the names
and residences of tho stockholders, of the directors,
and of all other officers of the company, the amount
of stock subscribed and the amount thereof aotually
paitl in; a description of tho lines of road surveyed
andfixedupouforconstruction; theamount received
ironi passengers and for freight respectively on the
road; a statement of the expenses of said road and
its fixtures: and a true statement of the indebted-
ness ol'said company, andthevariouskindsthereon."
Insert as an additional section, after section twen-
ty-one of said amendments, the following section :
Skc. And be it further enacted, That tho New
Orleans, .Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg Railroad Com-
pany. chartered by the State of Louisiana, sha.ll have
tho right to connect by the most eligible route, to be
selected to said company,with thesaid TexasPacifie
railroad at its eastern tennious, and shall have the
right of way through tho public land to thesame ex-
tent granted hereby to the said Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company; and in aid of its construction fiorn
New Orleans to Baton Rouge, thence by the way of
Alexandria in said State to connect with the said
Texas Pacific Railroad Company at its eastern term-
inus, there i< hereby granted to said company, its
successors and assigns, tho same number of alter-
nate sections of public lands per milo, in the State
of Louisiana as are bv this act granted in the State
of California to said Pacific Railroad Company, and
said lands shall be withdrawn from market, selected,
and patents issued therefor and opened tor settle-
ment and preemption, upon the same terms and in
tho same manner and time as is provided for and
required from said Texas Pacific Railroad Company
within said State of California : Provided, That said
company shall complete tho whole of "aid road within
five years from the passage of tins act.
Insert the following additional section after the
last preceding:
Sec. 23. That, for the purpose of connecting tho
Texas Pacific railroad with the city of San Fran-
cisco, the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California is hereby authorized (subject to the laws
of California) to construct a line of railroad from a
point at or near Tehachapa pass, by way of Los
Angeles, to the Texas Pacific railroad, at or near
the Colorado river, with the same rights, grants,
and privileges, and subject to the same limitations,
restrictions, and conditions as were granted to said
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of California by
the act of July 27, 1866: Provided, however, That
this section shall in no way affect or impair the rights,
private or prospective, of the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company, or any other railroad company.
J. M. HOWARD,
J. W. FLANAGAN,
WM. P. KELLOGtr,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. A. WHEELER,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
W. C. SHERROD,
Managers on the part of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conference report. The
Senator from Michigan is entitled to the floor
if he claims it.
Mr. RICE. There are a number of amend-
ments made in the bill by the committee, and
I should prefer that this subject be passed
over, and the reports from conference com-
mittees come up in their regular order. This
bill will evidently lead to some discussion. I,
for one, am in favor of passing a southern
Pacific railroad bill; but I shall insist, and
give my reasons for insisting, on a new com-
mittee of conference on this bill. Such a
course, I am satisfied, will not endanger the
bill for this reason : that if the committee of
conference fail to agree, the Senate will have
it in its power at any time to concur in' the
amendments of the House, and thereby save
the bill. Therefore, in order to secure what
I desire in this matter, in order to secure if
possible what is essential to our section of the
country, I shall insist, and shall give at length
my reasons for insisting, on a new committee
ot conference on this bill. For that reason, as
it is desirable to get the other bills disposed
of, I wish it to be passed over and allow the
bills to come up in their regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will notbe done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What motion
does the Senator from Arkansas make ?
Mr. RICE. I move that this report be laid
over until half past seven o'clock this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can-
not be entertaiued by the Chair except by
unanimous consent. The motion is to post-
pone until to-morrow, the effect of which, if
adopted, will be that the bill will fail.
Mr. RICE. My motion is, not to postpone
until to-morrow, but until half past seven
o'clock this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not in order, and for this reason : the eleventh
rule states that "when a question is under
debate, no motion shall be received but to
adjourn, to proceed to the consideration of
executive business, to lay on the table, to post-
pone indefinitely, to postpone to a day certain,
to commit, or to amend." This is under de-
bate and the motion must be to postpone it to
a day certain, and the nearest day is to-mor-
row, which is after the expiration of the present
Congress.
Mr. RICE. With a view of giving an op-
portunity for other bills to come up, I move
that this bill be laid on the table. It can be
called up at any time after they are disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD, i hope that will not be
done. I hope we shall pass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan having presented a conference report
on this bill, the House of Representatives hav-
ing agreed to the conference report, and the
bill being before the Senate, the Senator from
Arkansas moves that the bill do lie upon the
table, the effect of which, of course, is under-
stood by the Senate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I propose now to discuss 
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
move to proceed to the consideration of the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. RICE. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is the only way of sav-
ing the bill. If it is not proceeded with now,
the amendments cannot be engrossed and the
bill enrolled. I take it, that this railroad bill
can be enrolled if it is passed after the appro-
priation bill. The appropriation bill cannot
be enrolled unless it is passed immediately, and
we should proceed to its consideration at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that six conference committees are in
session on reports undisposed of.
Mr. COLE. ' I believe the regular order is
subject to call, is it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This report has
been received. It can be postponed or laid
on the table.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will act
upon the report now. It is a very important
measure.
Mr. COLE. I move that it be postponed
in order that we proceed with the appropria-
tion bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The effect of that
will be to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The Senator from California moves that it be
postponed until to-morrow for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the sundry
civil bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask whether that motion is
in order? The rule authorizes a motion to
be made to postpone to a certain day. " To-
morrow," is a legislative phrase, and it means
indefinitely, a future day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true; but
even the motion has been received during a
session which closed on the 3d day of March,
or by the usage at noon of the 4th of March,
the expiration of the legislative day of the
3d of March, to postpone a bill until the 4th
of March, which is equivalent to rejection
unless that motion should be reconsidered. The
motion has been often entertained and often
been agreed to in the history of the Senate to
postpone until the 4th of March, which is really
after the Congress expired, and the effect of
it is a rejection unless it be reconsidered.
Mr. DAVIS. If the motion was directly to
postpone until the 4th of March that would be
so; but merely to move to postone until to-
morrow, indefinitely, it seems to me wants the
necessary precision of the other motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is equivalent,
as the Chair has stated, to a rejection of the
bill unless it should be reconsidered.
Mr. POMEROY. We have always acted on
reports of committees of conference when they
were presented. We are now nearly at the end
of the session, and I hope we shall take up these
reports as they come in and act on them one
way or the other.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator frorn California [Mr. Cole] in front of
the Chair insist on the motion to postpone?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust that no attempt
will be made by any considerable number of
Senators, upon any ground, to force this report
to a vote without allowing the opportunity to
read it. The statement of the Senator from
Kansas, that it had. always been the practice
to take up and pass the reports of conference
committees when presented, I think must be
an error.
- Mr. PQMEROY. The Senator will remem-
ber that this report was made yesterday to the
House of Representatives, and most Senators
had an opportunity of seeing ityesterday; and
I did not know but that the Senator from Cali-
fornia had. It is not a report made to-day, but
one that was made yesterday and has passed
the House and been considered there, and I
supposed every Senator knew what it was.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no time from my
legitimate business here to run about the lob-
bies or the halls of this building, nor to hang
around the doors of conference committees
to ascertain what is going on there.
