1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101)3
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that
the Senator means to apply that remark to me.
I do not have time to do that either ; bat when
a report is made to the House of Represent-
atives I have an opportunity of seeing it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I do not apply it
to the Senator at all. I did not intend any
personal application. But the Senator seems
to think that I must have known what was in
this report. His intimation was as disagree-
able as any he could have imagined in my
remark. If I could have known, or did know,
what was in this report, I could not stand up
here and ask for time to examine it. I under-
stand from gentlemen about me as a matter of
fact that the report was not made until this
morning.
But, sir, the Senator is mistaken in every
view of this case. He stated that it had always
been the practice here to agree to the reports
of conference committees promptly upon their
being received.
Mr. POMEROY. I said to act upon them;
I did not say to agree to them.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, to act upon them;
I will take it that way. I call the attention of
the Senator from Kansas and of the Senate
generally to the case of the so-called enforce-
ment bill of the last session. I think that was
the bill; but at any rate there was some bill
which led to a great deal of debate and no
little feeling, upon which there was a confer
ence, and the report of conference, very prop-
erly, was printed and laid upon our tables
before it was acted upon. The Chair doubt-
less will remember what bill it was. I think
it was the enforcement bill, but I am not quite
certain. There was some bill of much import-
ance, that had been greatly debated in this
body, that was so dealt with on the coming in
of the report of the conference ; and I am free
to say if there had not been such a precedent
now is the time to begin to make one.
We perceive every day upon the coming in
of any one of these reports on every important
measure fresh illustrations of the monstrous
growth of the evil of the system of legislating
upon great and debated measuresin committees
of conference. If anything could aggravate
the evil, it is the manner, the time,'and the
circumstances under which the system has been
pursued at this session. Great bills, bills of
magnitude in themselves, of interest to large
sections of the country, have not been brought
forward promptly, as they should have been
and might have been in the earlier days of the
session; but they make their appearance for
the first time for definite action in the midst
of your appropriation bills, or upon the edge
of the appropriation bills. The result is that
■ whenever a disagreement takes place, there is
a committee of conference appointed. The
committee sit and bring in here what is called
a report. I put it to the candor of any Sen-
ator here whether he has yet received the
slightest information from the mass of these
reports. I listened to two this morning. It is
ludicrous to say, if the object of a report be to
give informatibn to the Senate, that such re-
ports as the two we have last heard do answer
that end. They give no information whatever,
except, indeed, where the whole provision or
amendment which is agreed upon is written
out in full, as it should be, I suggest, in every
case.
Mi>. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is to see if
he cannot be accommodated. Would it not
be better to let this subject go over until the
evening session and go on with other bills, and
agree that it shall then be taken up? Would
that be satisfactory to the Senator from Cali-
fornia?
Mr. CASSERLY. For myself, all I ask is
a reasonable and fitting time to look at it and
understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
41ST doNTft 3n SKS —TvTn 1 93
will agree that that would be reasonable at this
stage of the session.
Mr. CASSERLY. So far as I am concerned,
I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that we do
that.
Mr. STEWART. It will take more time
then than it will now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. The Sen-
ator surely does not consider it unreasonable
to allow time to members of the body to look
at the report. Suppose we allow it to go over
to the evening session, and in the mean time
we can go on with other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks consent that the conference re-
port be postponed until half past seven o'clock,
and be then proceeded with. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. HOWARD. There is objection.
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask whether it is in
order to move to re-refer this report to the
same committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to move to lay the report on the table at pres-
ent. It can be taken up in ten minutes again,
if it is desired, just as well as to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Arkansas that the
question propounded to the Senate is on agree-
ing to the conference report. If that should
be disagreed to, the Senate can then either lay
the bill on the table or still further insist on
its disagreement to the amendments of'the
House and ask another conference. That is
the parliamentary law.
Mr. RICE. And it cannot be recommitted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
recommitted, because the committee of con-
ference is a joint committee, and the House
committee have performed their duty ; their
report has been accepted by the House ; and
they have been discharged. Is there objection
to the proposition of the Senator from Illinois ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will submit a
motion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] is on the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. He will yield to me for
a motion to lay on the table, and then we can
take it up this evening. That will accomplish
the putposes desired. I ask the Chair if it
cannot be taken up at any time ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is laid upon
the table it can be taken up at any time on
motion; but if not taken up, the laying on the
table kills the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
take it up during the evening session, and in
the mean time go on with the appropriation
bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield for that purpose?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; but I hope the
Senate will understand that I do not want to
kill this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This motion will give the
Senator an opportunity to look into it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think it is the right of
a Senator who asks for time to examine a report
immediately on its coming in to have a rea-
sonable time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California yields to the Senator from Ohio, who
moves that the report of the conference com-
mittee be laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. With a view to finish now
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. We must go on with the
appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would re-
quire a division of the question, because if this
report is laid upon the table the sundry civil
bill will come up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 20, noes 23.
Mr. RICE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that the
motion of the Senator from Ohio is to lay it
on the table without prejudice to the report.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. If I can have the ear of
the Chair for one moment 
Mr. WILLIAMS. ' The question is not
debatable.
Mr. HOWARD. I am tolerably well ac-
quainted with the character of the bill and
with the amendments, and with the report just
"'The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable except by
unanimous consort.
Mr. TRUiH; 'iX. I hope the Senator
from Michigan, r.--. chairman of the committee,
will have unanim ins consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the chairiu in of the conference com-
mittee speaking on this subject? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be very willing
if by the common consent of the Senate this
report could be put off until this evening, at
half past seven o'clock, and be taken up then
and finished. I wish that might be done by
common consent, because I know there is a
pressure for the passage of other bills.
Mr. STEWART. I will suggest that such
an agreement might be made if we could also
have an agreement to take the vote at a certain
hour. Let it be shown that there is no dispo-
sition to talk the measure down.
Mr. HOWARD. You cannot very well get
an agreement of that sort.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe in putting
the bill off now.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not agree to it now?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly, I say agree to
it now. I object to putting it off.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada objects.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No further de-
bate is in order. The question is on the motion
to lay the conference report on the table:
Mr. SHERMAN. Temporarily* to be called
up at any time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Casserly,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
lan, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont. Patterson, Pool,
Pratt, Ramseyi Rice. Sohurz, Sherman. Sprague,
Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers. and Willey—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds,
Fenton, Flanagan, liamlin, Harris, Hill, Howard,
Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer, Seott, Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Wilson, and
Yates—33. „
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cole, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton oi. lexas,
Howe, Johnston, Milter, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Revels, Ross, Saulsbury, Stearns, Thurman, and
Williams—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1534) granting a pension
to Fannie A. Sharwood, widow of Dendy
Sharwood;
A bill (H. R. No. 3076) granting a pension
: to Lucia Marden;
A bill (H. R. No. 3077) granting a pension,
i to Hetty M. Kepner;
