1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
they had taken that oath they could not have
such right of citizenship. I myself, although
I never committed an act of aid of the rebel-
lion, consciously, in my life, had to take that
oath before I could get my letters from the
post office.
No, sir, I have not one cent's worth of inter-
est in any case in the Court of Claims. I never
had one cent's worth of property taken by the
Union forces; but if I were myself a suitor in
the Court of Claims, and in consequence of
having constructively accepted pardon by sign-
ing that oath I should be shut out from that
court. Therefore, I submit it would be a most
gross violation of justice and right. This oath
was taken by thousands of persons under pre-
cisely the same circumstances.
Mr. CONKLING1. It seems to me as if my
friend from South Carolina is darkening this
question with words. He stated very clearly
the first time he was up all there is in the case,
and a great deal more, in my opinion; but he
evidently feels that it requires excessive treat-
ment to commend it to the Senate. Now, let us
see to whom was this proclamation addressed,
the loyal or the disloyal ? Who were to be par-
doned? Men who never had committed any
offense, or those who had? If we determine
that question, then we find out exactly whom
it meant and whom it did not mean; and it
is so entirely obvious that no argument, no
oratory, can make it more clear.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the honorable
Senator from New York a question?
Mr. CONKLINGr. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. He asks, to whom was this
proclamation addressed. I suppose he would
also ask to whom these pardons had been ex-
tended ? Certainly to those who it was sup-
posed had committed some offense against
your laws. But if you meant that these par-
dons should not be Dead Sea apples, if you
meant them to be what you said and your
laws said they were, in substance what they
were in words, why not attach to your par-
don the condition that it should not affect
the person's right to recover his property in
your courts? The language of the act is
prospective. The effect given to it by the
legislation of last session is retrospective. If
you had told these men, "By applying for
this pardon you shall not have the ordinary
consequence of pardon," perhaps they would
not have troubled you by asking for it. But
you said, " Come, and you shall be forgiven ;
ask, and you shall receive and if'you meant
to limit the effect of your pardon it was your
duty, as an honest Legislature, to have put it
on the books. When you say you will grant
a pardon in full you mean it. There can be
no suppression of meaning, justly and hon-
estly ; and I do here declare, in the face of
this record, that that which you term a par-
don was nothing in the world but a pitfall
for the feet of the unwary ; and it is for that
'reason, for the credit of the legislation of my
country, that I do protest against any such
snare as this being laid for the feet of people
whom you asked to come in to be forgiven.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The question of the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware is " short,
sharp, and decisive." [Laughter.] Itissosim-
ple that he may wonder that I do not answer
it. I hope, however, that he will pardon
me if I try to complete a remark that I have
several times endeavored to make, but which
would seem to be the occasion for other Sen-
ators at that moment to occupy the floor. I
had begun once or twice to make this state-
ment: first, that these proclamations were
addressed to the guilty, not to the innocent,
to the disloyal, not to the patriots of the
South ; second, that those who came forward
taking the oath, did an act deliberately, sol-
emnly, unmistakably showing that they deemed
themselves the persons addressed by this proc-
lamation ; third, that the acceptance in writ-
ing referred to by the statute as the criterion
and test of those to whom the statute should
apply is no such thing in fact or in prac-
tice as supposed by the Senator from South.
Carolina. Oil the contrary, if he will go to
the files of the Court of Claims, he will find
there the acceptance in writing referred to
in this statute, which is not the oath at all,
which constituted at once the application and
the admission by these people that they were
proper subjects of the pardon which they
sought. That is the point which I wish to
present to the Senate.
And now allow me to make two other ob-
servations in regard to this subject. The hon-
orable Senator from Delaware has contributed
suggestions which he called himself a ques-
tion, and which I respectfully submit to him
proceed upon a state of facts not before us,
and which ignore entirely the state of case
that we have here. These men, as the Senator
from Vermont has very clearly shown, never
had any such right at all. The question has
been all the time, not of taking anything away
from them, not of retroactive legislation, but
of maintaining, if we could, the national inter-
est and the national authority against incur-
sions of claimants and of courts, because I
find, by looking at aadecision before me, that
the Senator from Vermont was not mistaken in
his recollection that the court had employed
this language:
"Having been pardoned, his offense in executing
the bonds could not have been imputed to him."
We find, then, that the conrt has said that
a pardon did not cover with oblivion and
obliteration the offense merely, but that it so
worked upon the recipient that he was not a
guilty man who had received forgiveness, but
an innocent man who had never been guilty at
all. Therefore the purpose of this statute was,
I repeat, not to take away from any man that
which he had, but to keep these men all in the
position in which originally they were, and in
which 1 say to-day they of right ought to be..
Therefore all this doctrine about repudiation
and nullification and not standing to and abid-
ing by our agreements is, in my mind, entirely
aside from the purpose.
One other observation and I have done. If
the welfare of this nation is to be secured by
rapid progress, more and more all the time,
for the benefit and to the advantage of those
who once sought to destroy the Government,
we are on the highway to national prosperity.
If, on the contrary, the welfare of the coun-
try consists, among other things, in preserv-
ing those lines of demarkation which divide
treason and disloyalty from patriotism, then I
think this is one of the occasions when we
should take heed lest we fall.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall now have a
vote on the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the pending amend-
ment, and the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President I can-
not permit a question of this kind to pass, the
yeas and nays being called upon it and being
compelled to vote upon it, without stating the
reason for my vote. I am not going to make
a speech. I say that to relieve everybody's
apprehensions.
As I understand the law at present, if this
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois shall prevail no mail can go into the
Court of Claims who has been guilty of aiding
or abetting or has participated in the rebel-
lion at all. The burden is still upon him to
prove that he has not done that; but by the
provision which it is proposed now to repeal
it is declared that a pardon which was granted
a year before the act passed shall be conclu-
sive evidence, not of what it is under the Con-
stitution, that the man is innocent at that time,
bat of another thing, exactly the reverse of
that, namely, that he was guilty upon a former
occasion.
The Senator from New Yovk justifies this
upon the very technical ground that both par-
ties are bound and estopped by the record.
Let us see how that is. if the Senator from
New York should come to me to-morrow and
offer me a quit-claim deed of my house I
should undoubtedly accept it, although it cer-
tainly would not strengthen my title; but sup-
pose the Legislature of Wisconsin, a year after
I had accepted that quit-claim deed, should
pass a law declaring that any quit-claim deed
heretofore accepted by any man should be
conclusive evidence that the grantee therein
named had no title to the property at the time
he accepted the quit-claim deed. There is not
a man on earth who has not intelligence enough
to see that such an act would not only be un-
constitutional but an outrage ; and I have not
sufficient keenness of perception to discrimin-
ate between that case and this.
Here is the case of a pardon issued by the
President two years ago. I live in a commun-
ity which has been in rebellion. I may have
been suspected of having been engaged in it
myself. I want to avoid the prosecution, the
trouble, and the annoyance. If the President
is willing to pardon me I am willing to accept
it. It is a further assurance if I am an inno-
cent man ; it shields me if I am a guilty man.
Now, for a Legislature to say after I have
accepted the pardon that my accepting it shall
have an effect exactly the reverse of what I
supposed it had at the time I accepted it is to
do me the same injustice that would be done
to me in the ease of the quit-claim deed.
Mr. MORTON. The proposition amounts
to just this: that a man may ask for a pardon,
may receive it, acknowledge the acceptance
of it in writing, and then, in order to enable
him to sue in the Court of Claims and collect
money or damages for property, he may turn
aronnd and prove that he was a loyal man
after all; that in asking for the pardon and
thereby confessing that he was a rebel he told
a lie. It gives him the privilege of appearing
in two characters: first, in the character of a
pardoned rebel, when that suits his conven-
ience or interest; and afterward in the char-
acter of a loyal man, when that suits his con-
venience or interest. Now, I ask my friend
from Wisconsin if there could be a stronger
temptation presented to the commission of
perjury than to allow a pardoned rebel to turn
around in order to be able to sue in the Couit
of Claims and prove that, after all, in the face
of his own request, in the face of his oivn
written acknowledgment, in the face of his
oath, he was a loyal man, and that in accept-
ing that pardon he stultified himself?
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand the
Senator from Indiana to say that any man was
ever required, as a condition of receiving a
pardon, to swear that he had been guilty of
treason ?
Mr. CONKLINGr. What was tantamount
to an admission of his guilt.
Mr. CARPENTER. To swear that he had
ever done any act or thing which in point of
law amounts to treason?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir: the terms ot' the
oath do not require him to swear that lie has
been guilty of treason ; but the substance of
the oath, the spirit of the oath, is that he lias
been guilty of treason, but will be a loyal man
hereafter. If it does not mean that, it does not
mean anything.
Mr. NYE. Being a little obtuse ia my per-
ceptions, I wish to make an inquiry of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, who is always
so clear. If I understand him correctly, his
idea is that this pardon shall only be prima
facie evidence of a mail's guilt, whereas by-
law it is made absolute. Am I right about
that?
_ Mr. CARPENTER. No , sir. You may be
right on the proposition, but you misstate my
views.
Mr. NYE. Then the idea is that while the
pardon is to be prima facie evidence of the
