1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
A bill (H. R. No. 3078) granting a pension
to Phebe A. Hascall; and
A bill (EL E. No. 3087) granting a pension
to Sarah Reynolds.
The message also announced that the House
had passed tne following bills of the Senate,
each with an amendment, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 622) to grant a pension to
Nancy E. Ammons;
A bill (S. No. 627) granting a pension to
Abel S.Chase;
A bill (S. No. 176) granting a pension to
Anne B. Frei; and
A bill (S. No. 845) granting a pension to
Ilarriet De Witt Mitchell.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 2591) relating to telegraph
communication between the United States and
foreign countries; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2860) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works
of defense.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3036) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works on
rivers and harbors, and for other purposes,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Piiiletus Sawyer, of Wisconsin, Mr.
Clarkson N. Potter of New York, and Mr.
Ebos C. Ikgebsoll of Illinois, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lution :
A bill (S. No. 762) for the relief of Joseph
Ormsby ;
A bill (S. No". 799) for the relief of Anna M.
Howard;
A bill (S. No. 8GG) for the relief of Mary P.
Prindlp;
A bill (S. No. 1327) to create ports of deliv-
ery at Eureka and Wilmington, in California,
and provide for appointment of deputy col-
lector of Vallejo, California, and to abolish
the office of surveyor of said port;
A bill (S. No. 35G) to amend an act to
revise and consolidate the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 292) to amend
a joint resolution relating to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States, ap-
proved December 23, 1809.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 381) authorizing the St. Paul
and Pacific Railroad Company to change its line
in consideration of a relinquishment of lands;
A bill (S. No. 892) to providefor a building
suited to the use of the post office, the pension
and revenue officers, and the judicial officers
of the United States, in the city of Trenton,
New Jersey;
A bill (S. No. 574) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the Jands
granted by Congress to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Pfere Marquette to Flint, in said State, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 1204) to authorize the restor-
ation of James Belger to the rank of majorand
quartermaster in the Army ; and
A bill (S. No. 1041) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
KIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 3036) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives ; and
On motion by Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Chandler, Mr. Buckingham, and Mr. Johxs-
Tosr.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 144) relating to records of the
courts of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 1241) to adjust and fix the
compensation of the assistants employed in
the Library of Congress ;
A bill (S. No. 1266) to create a new land
district in the Territory of Washington;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 315) relating
to balances of appropriations for the Library
of Congress and Botanic Garden ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 286) to close
the accounts of R. E. De Russy, late colonel
corps of engineers.
southern pacific railroad.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report ofthe committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on theamend-
ments of the House to the bill (S. No. 647) to
incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and to aid in the construction of its road,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] is entitled to the
floor if he desires to claim it. He yielded for
the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
the Senator from South Carolina speaking on
this subject; but I do not surrender the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. I trust the Senate will con-
cur in the report of the committee of confer-
ence. This bill has been before us and dis-
cussed very fully. The provisions of the bill
as it left the Senate were well understood by
every Senator. The provisions of the bill as it
came to us, returned from the House amended,
were equally well understood, although not so
freely discussed. It lay here for some time ;
and now it is well understood what the com-
mittee of conference have done about it. They
have simply added, to what was a trunk road
before from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego,
in California, a connection with New Orleans
on the east and with San Francisco on the
west by means of the Southern Pacific railroad
of California. The provisions of the bill have
been carefully drawn, drawn by men experi-
enced in drawing the provisions of railroad
land-grant bills. It is a compromise of the
various interests which were brought in con-
tact. There is, as we believe, no job in it, but
it is simply a southern Pacific railroad in fact
as well as in name._
Now, Mr. President, although there are
some things which I should like to have seen
put in the bill which are not there ; although
there are some things there which I could well
desire to have been left out, there is nothing
which is not intended to be fair, and nothing
on the whole which is not a fair compromise
of the various interests and desires on this
subject. I trust that this Congress will not
adjourn without giving to the South a road,
which, under all the circumstances, it has a
right to claim. We have voted a magnifi-
cent territory to theNorthern Pacific railroad.
We have voted to the Central Pacific and the
Union Pacific railroads territory equal to that
of some entire kingdoms. We have given
these privileges and these land grants with
open hand. We have stood by our friends of
the North and of the central portions of the
United States in every one of these projects.
We ask simply justice and a return of the
courtesies which we have given in this regard.
We ask that our friends of the North and the
central portions of this country shall stand by
the friends of this Southern Pacific railroad.
We can ask no less, and we do not believe that
the country will justify the Senate or Congress
in going back on this policy at this time.
I do not wish to take up the time of the Sen-
ate in the discussion of this measure. I believe
it is the best one we can get at this session of
Congress, and I believe unless we take it now
we shall have to wait a long time before we
get one as good.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote for this report
of the conference committee ; but not for the
reason that other Senators have voted for the
Central Pacific railroad or the Northern Pacific
railroad. I never permit myself to give a vote
here for or against a measure because another
Senator votes for or against another measure.
I think a road over that section of the country
is demanded; that it ought to be granted; that
it will ultimately be built, and be for the inter-
est of that portion of our country. Therefore
I shall vote for this measure as the best one
we can now have, and the one that is now
before us.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly would not do the Senate or myself the
injustice to offer an argument in behalf of this
great enterprise at this late period of the ses-
sion, when there is such a desire to progress
with business, but I must say that the State
of Texas, which I have the honor in part to
represent, is all anxiety upon this subject. It
is no recent thing with us. It has been for
the last fifteen years most anxiously expected;
but, by accident as it were, from time to time,
we have been deprived of the great benefits
that will result from it.
I do hope that Senators will waive their ob-
jections to this bill. I know there are objec-
tions to-the bill as it is now presented; but
substantially it is a good bill, and hereafter
their roads can make connections with it. This
will be the backbone, of this great enterprise,
and I shall always be ready, in my humble
capacity, to aid the railroads of Arkansas or of
any other State that wish to connect with it, I
care not whence they come, to do so. I invite
them from all the States; for certainly it will
be mutually beneficial to us and all concerned.
We have ninety million acres of fine land, in-
viting all manner of emigrants, who can all.
get rich in growing sugar, cotton, wheat, cattle,
horses, &c.
Mr. President, I recently passed through the
State of Texas, and let me refer to what fine
prospects there are for this road in the way of
commerce. Texas raised during the last year
about four hundred and fifty thousand bales
of cotton. The eastern part of the State for
one hundred miles is a finely-timbered country.
After traveling in it about one hundred miles
you reach the broad prairies. As I traveled
through those prairies not long since I saw in
the distance what appeared to be little mount-
ains, looking white, in the shape of a sugar-
loaf or a hay-stack. A stranger would i>ot be
likely to guess what they were ; but as I ap-
proached nearer I saw they were vast cotton-
fields with cotton stacked like a sugar-loaf or
ahay-stack. Why? Because there were neither
planks, boards, or anything else to protect it
with a cover. We want this railroad to run
through that country so that that cotton can
be put in cotton-bags and moved either in one
direction or the other. It is a vast region in
which cotton is growing more rapidly than in
any other part of the Dnited States. Then we
have ten million head of cattle which we -want
to send to Chicago, New York, New Orleans,
