516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
shock not only tke sensibilities but the sense of jus-
tice of all civilized men. Asylums for the disabled
soldier differ in no substantial sense from hospitals
in a fortress or in the field. All are alike necessary,
and the power to erect and maintain them is inci-
dental to the war power of the Government.
"The Legislative of this State has consented to the
establishment of this asylum. By the firstsection of
the act of April 13,1867 (64 0. L., 1-19) it is provided:
"' Section 1. That jurisdiction of the lands and their
appurtenances which may be acquired by donation
or purchase by the managers of the National Asylum
tor Disabled Volunteer Soldiers within the State of
Ohio, for the uses and purposes of said asylum, be,
and is hereby, eeded to the United States of America:
Provided, koioevcr, That all civil and criminal process
i.^?ued under the authority of the State of Ohio, or any
officer thereof, may be executed on said lands and in
the buildings which may be located thereon,in the
same manner as if jurisdiction had not been ceded as
aforesaid: And provided further, That nothing in this
act shall be construed to prevent the ofiicers. em-
ployes, and inmates of faid asylum, who are quali-
fied voters of this State, from exercising the right of
suffrage at all township, county,and Stato elections,
in the township in which the said National Asylum
shall be located/
l" The secondsectionof the same act exempts all the
property, real and personal, held by tne board of
managers, for the uses and purposes of the asylum,
from taxation and assessment, 'so long as the same
shall remain the property of the United States, for
the uses oi the National Asylum.'
" Tnis act of the State Legislature, consenting to
the establishment of the asylum within her borders,
and ceding 'jurisdiction ot the lands and appurten-
ances' of the asylum to the United States, under
tho operation of the clauses of the eighteenth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution of the
United States, above referred to, fixes the exclusive
jurisdiction of tho General Government over this
institution, its lands, and its inmates, 4 in all cases
whatsoever,' except as to the execution of proccss
issuing under Stato authority.
" This leads us to consider what is the legal status
of persons who become residents upon the grounds
and within the limits of the institution, thu3 within
the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, and
how does it affect their claim to exercise the elective
franchise in Ohio, under the Constitution and laws?
In passing on these questions there is little need ot
speculative reasoning; for they have been, in effect,
settled by repeated decisions of courts of high and
conclusivc authority. By becoming a resident inmate
of the asylum a person, though up to that time he
inay have been a citizen and resident of Ohio, ceases
to be such.; he is relieved from any obligation to
contribute to her revenues, and is subject to none of
the burdens which she imposes upon her citizens.
He becomes subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of
another power, as foreign to Ohio as is the State of
Indiana, or Kentucky, or the District of Columbia.
41 The constitution of Ohio requires that electors
j-hall be residents of the State; but under the provis-
ions ot the Constitution of the United States, and by
the consent and act of cession of the Legislature of
this State, the grounds and buildings of this asylum
have been detached and set off from the State of
Ohio, and eeded to another Government, and placed
under its exclusive jurisdiction for an indefinite
period. "We are unanimously of the opinion that
such is the law, and with it we have no quarrel; for
there is something in itself unreasonable that men
should be permitted to participate in the government
of a. community, and in the imposition of charges
upon it, in whose interests they have no stake, and
from whose burdens and obligations they are exempt.
In 1811 the case of Commonwealth vs. Clary was de-
cided by the supreme court of Massachusetts, (8 Mass.,
72.) It was an indictment under the laws, and in a
court of the State, for selling spirituous liquors with-
out license within grounds purchased by the United
States within the town ot Springfield, with tho con-
sent of the Legislature of tho State, and foi the pur-
pose of an arsenal. Tn the legislative act of consent
a reservation as to the service of Stato process was
made similar to that contained in the Ohio act here-
tofore referred Jo. It was held 'that the territory
on which the offense charged is agreed to have been
committed is the territory of the United States, over
which the Congress have the exclusive power of
legislation. The assent of the Commonwealth to the
purchase of this territory by tho United States had
this condition annexed to it: that civii and criminal
process might be served therein by the officers of the
Commonwealth. This condition was made with a
view to prevent the territory from becoming a sanc-
tuary tor debtors and criminals; and, from the sub-
sequent assent of the United States to tho said con-
dition, evidenced by their making tho purchase, it
results that the officers of the Commonwealth, in exe-
cuting such process, act under the authority of the
United States. Iso offenses committed within that
territory arc committed against the laws of this Com-
monwealth; nor can such offenses be punishable by
the courts of the Commonwealth unless the Congress
the United States should give to the said courts
jurisdiction thereof.'
'Asa con«equen«eof these positions itistheopin-
ion of the court that they have no cognizance of the
offenses charged in this indictment, and that the
defendant must be discharged.
" 'An objection occurred to the minds of some mem-
bers of the court that if the laws of the Common-
wealth have no force within this territory thoinhab-
itaots thereof cannot exercise any civil or political
privilege?, under the laws of Massachusetts, within
the town of Springfield. Wc are agreed that such
consequence necessarily follows, and wo think that
no hardship is thereby imposed on those inhabit-
ants, because thty are not interested in any elec-
tions made within this State, nor held to pay any
taxos imposed by its authority, nor bound by any
of its laws. And it might be very inconvenient to
the United States to have their laborers, artificers,
ofiicers, and other persons employed in theirservice,
subjected to the services required by the Common-
wealth of the inhabitants oPthe several towns.
"'It will benoticed that in this decision we make
a distinction between persons who actually dwell
■within the territory owned by the United States and
the laborers and artificers employed therein, who
have their dwelling elsewhere.'
"Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitution,
treating of this subject, section twelve hundred and
twenty-seven, says * that the States cannot take cog-
nizance of any acts done in the ceded places after
the cession; and, on the other hand, tho inhabitants
01 tiiose places cease to be inhabitants of the State,
and can no longer exercise any civil or political rights
under the laws of tho State.' But it is needless to
multiply quotations. Sufiiceittosay thatto thesamo
general effect is the opinion of Chancellor Kent—1
Com., marginal paging, 429, 430, 431; and United
States vs. Davis, 5 Mason's 11.. 356; Same??.?. Cornell,
2 Mason's It., GU; 1 Metcalf, 580; Mitchell vs. Tib-
betts, 17 Pick., 298.
"As for the concluding proviso of the first section
of the Ohio act of cession, hereinbefore quoted, and
the provision substituted therefor in the first sec-
tion of the act amendatory thereof, (65 0. L., 208,) it is
unnecessary for us to consider and determine their
proper construction and meaning, for the reason that
it is not constitutionally competent for the General
Assembly to confer the elective franchise upon per-
sons whoso legal status is fixed as non-residents of
the State.
"We aroofopinion,therefore,that thecourtbelow
did not err in rejecting as illegal the vote cast by
resident inmates of the National Asylum for Sinks,
and that it did err in refusing to reject as illegal the
eight votes of Adams, Combs, Bankhard, Oit, Forde,
Gray, Sewerdy, and Watkins, resident inmates of
said asylum, cast lor Reese."
Mr. THUR1IAN. Mr. President, lam quite
sure that every lawyer in the Senate who has
listened to that opinion will be ready to con-
cur in its soundness; but I do not wish to
leave this subject without saying that there is
another ground upon which the same decision
would have had to be made, which is not
noticed by the couLt, and that is, that the in-
mates of this asylum must be considered as in
the Army of the United States. It is impos-
sible to belieye that Congress would pass such
a law as this asylum law without regarding them
as in the Army of the United States, because
otherwise the law would be plainly unconsti-
tutional. That I am right in this, it is only
necessary to refer to the law and to the Con-
stitution. By the fifth article of the Constitu-
tion it is provided :
" No person shall bo held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a present-
ment or indictuftnt of a grand jury, except in cases
arising in the land or naval forces, or in tho militia
when in actual service in time of war or public
danger."
- Unless these were persons in the land or
naval forces, or in the militia in actual service
in tinre of war or public danger, they could not
be tried for any "capital or otherwise infamous
crime/' except "on the presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury." They were not mem-
bers of the ''militia in actual service in time
of war or public danger." Nobody can pre-
tend that; for there was no war,there was no
public danger; they must therefore have been
persons in the land forces of the United States
in order that they could be made amenable to
military law. Now, what does this act pro-
vide? I have already read the section—
" That all inmates of the asylum shall be. and they
are hereby, mado subject to the Rules and Articles
of War, and wili be governed thereby in the same
manner as if.theywere in the Army of the United
States."
There can be but one interpretation given
to that, that they are considered soldiers of the
United States, not in the active Army of the
United States, but, in the language of the Con-
stitution. they are in the land forces of the
United States, and hence may be made sub-
ject to military law, to the Rules and Articles
of War, and therefore may be tried; and the
inmates of this asylum have been again and
again tried by court-martial, under the Rules
and Articles of War. Again and again has that
taken place. How could that be done? Not one
of them could be tried for any capital or other-
wise infamous offense by any such tribunal at all
if they were not in contemplation of law a p art
of the land forces of the United States. That
being the ease, they being a part of the land
forces of the Uuited States, what says the con-
stitution of Ohio? The constitution of Ohio
declares as follows:
" No person in the military, naval, or marine ser-
vice of the United States shall, by being stationed
in afty garrison or military or naval station within
tho State, be considered a resident of this State."
There is the plain provision of the constitu-
tion of Ohio, and this question as to the right
of these people to vote is entirely dependent
on the constitution of Ohio. Congress has no
power whatever over their eligibility to vote.
That depends wholly on the constitution of
the State. Here, then, are a class of men who
are subject to suffer death at the hands of a
court-martial in time of peace, who cannot
claim the right of a presentment or an ind'ct-
ment in a civil court, and a trial in a c vil
court, over whom no civil court in the L',nd
has any jurisdiction whatsoever—I mean for
offenses committed within the asylum or asy-
lum grounds; I am not speaking of offenses
they may commit outside of them ; over wh Dm
no criminal court of the State of Ohio >>an
exercise the least jurisdiction in the wo] Id.
Here are these men, subject to punishment,
even unto death, tinder the Rules and Arti lea
of War; and in respect to such men, says the
constitution of Ohio, no matter how long! ley
may reside at any military station or garri on
in the State of Ohio, that shall not make it em
residents of Ohio.
How, then, could there be any other decis-
ion than that which was pronounced? Bow
can this Senate .pronounce any other decisi )n,
or how can the Senate undertake to confer on
these men the right to vote by virtue of a resi-
dence at that asylum, at that station of the
United States, these men in the Army of the
United States, or, if not technically in the
Army, in the land forces of the United States,
and subject to military law, owing no allegiance
to the State of Ohio, bound to perform no
duties to that State, wholly free from subjec-
tion to our laws, paying no-tax whatever, sus-
taining none of the burdens of our govern-
ment—how can this Senate undertake to
impose them upon her as voters to regulate
her elections?
This, Mr. President, being the case, what is
the object of this bill? After this decision (his
bill was introduced, and it passed the He use
of Representatives, and as it, passed theHcuse
it was so plainly unconstitutional that my col-
league very properly seeks to amend it. I say
plainly unconstitutional, for whatls the bill as
it came from the House? The bill as it came
from the House does not retrocede the lam 1 at
all, does not part with the title of the United
States to the land, and I have shown that the
beneficial ownership of the land is in the
United States; and if the corporation were
abolished to-morrow the land would belon| to
the United States. But the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives propped
to cede—
"The jurisdiction over the place purchased for
the location of the National Asylum for Disabled"^ ol-
uuteer Soldiers, under and by virtue oi tho ac; of
Congress of March 3,1865, entitled 'An act to incor-
porate a national military and naval asylum for ihe
relief of the totally disabled ofiicers and men of
the volunteer force of the United States,' " &e.
It provides, that '• the jurisdiction over the
place" shall be ceded to the State of Ohio.
Is it necessary for me to say to any lawyer that
that is an unconstitutional bill? The "Consti-
tution of the United States says in so many
words that the Congress shall have power "to
exercise exclusive jurisdiction in all cases
whatsoever over" such territory. Can Con-
gress cede away one of its powers ? Wc might
as well undertake to cede away the power to
to make war, the power to make peace, to
maintain an Army or a Navy, or to provide a
civil list, as to undertake to cede away thaj
power.
