1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
The language of the Constitution is imper-
ative, that Congress shall have the power to
exercise exclusive jurisdiction, and you cannot
part with that power at all. You can no more
part with it than you can part with any other
power that is conferred on you by the Consti-
tution. My colleague wisely saw this, and there-
fore seeks to amend the bill and avoid that
difficulty by ceding the land to Ohio ; not that
the land ever came from the State of Ohio.
The land was purchased of private individuals,
and this land which was purchased by the Gov-
ernment from private individuals and paid for
by the Government, my colleague proposes to
cede to the State of Ohio. I shall come pres-
ently to sec how that will be consistent with
the maintenance of your National Asylum for
Disabled Soldiers.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague must in
going along allow me to correct him, as I do
not want to prolong this local matter. I do
not say this land is ceded back to the State
of Ohio, because in my view the legal title to
this land is in a corporation, distinct entirely
from the United States; a corporation that
has power to buy, sell, purchase, and hold
real estate. The real estate is now in the
hands of a corporation created by the United
Slates.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that.
Mr. SHERMAN. And this cession does
not convey the laud back to the State of Ohio,
although I would much rather convey the land
back to the State of Ohio. Yes; I would
rather disband this asylum then perpetuate
the example of depriving these soldiers of the
right to vote, merely because we extend to
them a home. The legal effect claimed by
my colleague is not, as X contend, correct.
Mr. THURMAN. I know very well what a
beautiful thing it is, what a beautiful theme for
a stump speech, to talk about these meritorious
soldiers; that here is an attempt to deprive
them of the right of suffrage when they have
fought for and preserved the Government, and
the Lord knows what all. I have heard a great
deal of that before. I have as much respect
for them as any man. But I have some respect
for the Constitution of the United States, and
some for the constitution of my State; and,
after all, to use the language of the supreme
judges of the State of Massachusetts, and the
language of Judge Story, and the language of
Chancellor Kent, it is no very great hardship
upon them, if they owe no allegiance to the
State and are not bound to perform any of the
burdens that rest upon citizens of the State,
that they are not allowed to govern the State
by their votes.
Mr. CONKLING. Will it interrupt the
Senator if I ask him for a bit of information?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that it will.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I heard the Senator state,
and so 1 was previously informed the fact was,
that the title to this land is in a corporation.
If it will not interrupt the Senator, will he be
good enough to state again—perhaps it has been
stated—the purchase of the land, and then the
legislation in the State of Ohio, and also the
point of time in reference to that by datewhen
the act of Congress was passed.
Mr. THURMAN. I have done so before;
but I have no objection to doing it again. 1
can state it in a moment. This act of Congress
was passed on the 21st of March, I860, and
after the passage of that act, and in the same
year, the managers of this asylum purchased
from Roseberry and others this land—I forget
how many acres.
Mr. SHERMAN. Six hundred and forty
acres, a mile square.
Mr. CONKLING. Andtookatitletowhom?
Mr. THURMAN. A title to themselves in
the corporate name of the National Asylum
for Disabled Soldiers. No doubt of that. I
have admitted already that the legal title went
to the corporation. Then comes the assent of
the State of Ohio in the act of the Legislature,
not in so many words assenting to it, but
assenting to it by inevitable implication by
the act which agreed that the United States
should have exclusive jurisdiction over that
territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. But upon conditions
named in the act.
Mr. THURMAN. " Upon conditions !'' I
have already spoken of those conditions, and
it is not necessary to go over that question
again. The first condition, that process should
run there, has been determined on by court
after court, as I have already read to the Sen-
ate, and it is not at all in conflict with the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of the United States. So
I have shown you by two decisions of Judge
Story, by two decisions of the supreme judicial
court of Massachusetts, and by a unanimous
opinion given to the Legislature of Massachu-
setts by all four of her judges, and by Kent's
Commentaries.
So there is no question about those provisos.
They do not strengthen the matter one way or
the other, or weaken it one way or the other.
But now come to the question, as my colleague
calls it up again, as to whom this land belongs.
I have already spoken upon that, and I will
repeat it, although it is tedious. This is a pub-
lic corporation, created by the United States.
This asylum is nothing bilt an instrumentality
of the United States to provide for the wants
of persons in the military service of the Uni-
ted States, a part of the land forces of the
United States. The funds that endow it are
public funds; funds'belonging to the United
States; funds forfeited to the United States,
and which are relinquished in order to endow
this asylum. That is what they are. Now,
can any one doubt where the real title is?
The mere naked legal title is in a corporation,
but all the beneficial interest is in the United
States, and I can prove it in one moment to
the satisfaction of any one.
It would be perfectly competent for Con-
gress to pass an act this day which would
require this board of managers to cede that
title to the United States, and they could not
resist it. If they were to refuse to do it, any
court having jurisdiction would compel them
by mandamus to do it, and punish them for
contempt if they did not do it, They are per-
fectly in the power of Congress, in the power
of the Government. Congress can take away
from them at any moment it pleases all right
to sell that land, all right to cede it to any-
body else. It may go further, and compel
them to cede the land directly to the United
States, so that the legal as well as the equit-
able title may be in the United States. And
therefore what I said is strictly true, that
this bill, if amended as my colleague pro-
poses, is a proposition to give this land pur-
chased by the Government with the money of
the Government, and over which, if you make
this asylum beneficial, the Government must
continue its control, to the State of Ohio ; and
when you have done that, if the State of Ohio
should see fit to do so, it may abolish the in-
stitution to-morrow by turning everybody out
of it and turning everybody off the land. I do
not say it would ever do any such thing; I
have no idea it would ever do any such thing;
but it could do it. It could turn everybody
off the land when you have ceded to it the
right to do so, because, in Ohio at least, you
may recover in an action of ejectment upon
an equitable title.
This bill, however, I was going on to say,
as it came from the House of Representatives
is plainly unconstitutional, because it proposes
that we shall cede away one of the powers of
Congress, a power that wo have no right to
cede away to anybody or to any State. And
therefore my colleague is wise in undertaking
to get rid of that by ceding away the land itself.
But now I want to ask my colleague, if this bill
does not cede away the land to the State of
Ohio what good will his bill do him ? You
cannot, as I have shown, cede the jurisdiction
over it to the State of Ohio, you can only get
rid of it by getting rid of the land; and if this
bill cedes nothing to the State of Ohio, if the
United States has no such property rights there
that they will pass by this bill in case it shall
become a law, then what good will the bill
do? It can do no good whatever. If all the
title to this land is in this corporation, then
your bill can do no good whatever, for then
you cede nothing to the State of OM9.
The dilemma, therefore, is one out of which,
you eannot get. You must assume that tho
United States is the beneficial owner of this
land, is in reality the owner of it, and that this
corporation holds nothing but the bare, naked,
legal title; a mere dry title without interest or
usufruct: or you must say that your bill will
be a gun fired in the air, that will produce no
effect whatsoever, and cede nothing to the'State
of Ohio. But the true view of it is that which
I have stated: the real owner of this land is
the United States; and therefore this propo-
sition that it shall be ceded to the State
of Ohio.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, in answer to what my col-
league has said, and also in respect to this bill,
to what is the effect which is proposed. Ilere
is an asylum located in one county in the State
of Ohio, and it is proposed that the persons
who eoine into that asylum, coming from all
the States of the Union, coming, those that
were citizens of Oliio, from different parts of
Ohio into that asylum, not one particle of the
property of which is taxed, every particle of
which is exempted from taxation, and they
themselves exempted from any of the burdens
of the State government, shall be allowed to
rule that county, and to rule it precisely as
they please, without having one particle of in-
terest in it. And now, who are they ? I speak
from the record; I speak from the report made
by the managers of the asylum and signed by
General Butleii, the president of the board of
managers, and I ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to what kind of residence these men have
there, what kind of permanent residence it is
that they have there, to ascertain if it be right
in the Senate of the United States to attempt
to force them upon the State of Ohio as voters
in that State.
But, first, let me show where they come from
and how many of them there are. I have here
the last report made by these managers, and
by it it appears that there were sixteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven inmates of this asylum.
How many of them from Ohio? Only four
hundred and nine, less than one fourth. How
many of them were citizens of Montgomery
county? There are eighty-nine counties in the
State of Ohio. Montgomery county is there-
fore only the eighty-ninth part of the State of
Ohio, if you are to count by tbe number of
counties ; but in'population she is much more
than that. It is but fair to presume that of these
four hundred and nine persons, coming from
eighty-nine counties of Ohio, not fifty of them,
no, not the half of fifty, were citizens of Mont-
gomery county. I do not believe there are in
that asylum more than twenty-five persons who
are citizens of Montgomery county. And now
it is proposed that to these sixteen hundred and
odd persons, as to sixteen hundred of whom
not a man of them ever was a citizen of Mont-
gomery county, shall be given the control ofthe
affairs of that county.
That is the proposition; for if you seek to con-
fine it to those who had been citizens of Ohio,
that brings in nearly four hundred persons who
were never citizens of Montgomery county,
who are to be allowed to dictate what shall be
the government of that county. Sir, it is one
of the greatest counties in Ohio, and Dayton
is one of the most beautiful, thriving cities in
Ohio. It is a county that has immense wealth
and a most intelligent population, and if any
people on the face of this Republic are fit to
govern themselves it is the electors of the
county of Montgomery; and they ought not to
be governed by persons who have no interest
