518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
whatsoever in them, and are not subject in any
respect to their laws.
But now, sir, to see what kind of thing you
arc about, let us see what kind of residence
these people acquire there j and in order to
see that, even at the expense of wearying the
attention of the Senate, I send up the report
of the managers of the asylum, signed by Gen-
eral ButlaR, and ask that a portion of it may
be read by the Secretary, and I pray the atten-
tion of the Senate to it. It is curious reading,
and I say in advance that it is not I who am
saying what is here said of these men; it is
not I who am describing their characteristics;
but it is the board of managers themselves
who are doing it in the official report which
they make to the Congress of the United States.
The Senate will bear in mind that one of the
chief endowment funds of the institution is the
pensions which the inmates would be entitled
to if they were not inmates of the institution,
and which during their stay in the asylum they
are obliged to surrender to the corporation.
With that explanation. I ask that th'e Secre-
tary read what I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
'* There has been no more fruitful source of (rouble I
from beneficiaries m our homes than that ot pea- j
felons. It is difficult to state any reason why, when |
a soldier has been taken, 'without expense, to the j
horae provided by the Government, and is there \
furnished, and to be furnished during tbte re?tof his j
life with everything necessary for his comfort and i
happiness, that, in addition to this, the Government j
should pay him a pension. In that view, the act of
establishment provided ' that such of these as have
nei -her wife,child, nor parent dependentupon them,
on becoming inmates of this asylum, or receiving
relief therefrom, shall assign thereto their pensions,
wta required by the-boardof managers, during the
tiir.-e they shall remain therein, or receive its bene-
fit?.' By tills it will beseenthatthematter, asregards
pensions, was put iu the hands of the board of man-
agers, and we have attempted to exercise the power
th is conferred upon us in this way: first, to pre-
vent mere squandering of the pension and imsap-
pj jpriatioa by claim agents, insisting that the pen-
sions should all be made payable to our treasurers,
who have given bonds for the faithful performance
oi the duties of their office, and these should be kept
f'oi* the use of the pensioner: or, if he desired that
his wife or any other lelative—mother, sister, father,
or child—dependent upon hiia, should receive the
whole, or any portion of it, that that portion should
be forwarded through the same treasurer, for the
protection and safety of all, to the relative to whom
it was allotted. In ease tue soldier had no wife de-
pendent upon him. then the board designed that
tile money should be allowed to accumulate,
dinate, and vicious men, most of whom were from
New York city, a large number of men of the east-
ern branch assembled together at their home, made
' a petition to the board of managers, couched in lau-
| guage not the most proper, but for which theyafter-
I ward apologized, declaring that unless they could
j have the entire control of their own pensions, to be
! spent iu their own way, they would leave the cstab-
I lishment. Of course, as the very ground of their
j being in the establishment at all was that they were
I so disabled that they could not support themselves
outside, even with the aid of their pensions it was
i obvious that, if the threat attached to their petition,
■ that they would support themselves if their pension
; was not given them, it was precisely what the board
j of managers desired: for they desired, and it is their
i duty, to have every disabled soldiersupport himself
i who can do so. The subject was duly and carefully
| considered by the board, and the president was in-
| strueted to prepare and send to these men a letter,
I a copy of which is annexed as an appendix to this
i report, assuring them kindly but firmly that their
i course was entirely improper and injudicious, and
would result only in harm, and giving them ample
! time to reflect whether they would take their dis-
i charges, according to their threat, or not, as the
j board couid not relax or alter a rule in that behalf
, which was found eminently proper and just. Quite
[ a number, somefifty or sixty, acting under the advice
{ of their leaders, withdrew from the institution and
: were discharged. Many of them came to New York
i city, and soon found themselves, where such men
1 would be likely to be, in Blackwell's Island and other
' reformatory and punitive and pauper institutions
! attached to that city. Cases of the destitution of
: these men liavo-moved benevolent and well-mean-
. ing people to inquire why these men, being disabled
■ : soldiers, are suftered to be in this condition. The
boanl of managers are happy to say that it is by their
own fault and misbehavior alone.
*' These occurrences have led to the inquiry which
is now under consideration by the board of man-
agers, whether it is not their duty, as in the case of
the Soldiers' Home at Washington, for soldiers of
the regular Army, to takeaway all pensions, except
when they are turned over to dependent relatives,
from the beneficiaries, and the board will give to it
their most earnest thought and careful attention.
''The boaid of managers are happy to announce
that they have full ability and accommodation to
take care of every disabled soldier in the United
I States who applies to them; that they never have
i refused earc oi such honoiably discharged soldier in
j a single instance; and it is the fault of the soldier
I alone if he is either supporting himself by begging,
1 or bccome dependent upon the alms or charity of
! anybody, or is asking any aid from any State in the
j Union. We repeat, that any soldier disabled in the
line of his duty, and able to show it, who hasr been
f honorably discharged from the service of the United
I States, either volunteer or regular, although we are
i not required to receive the regular soldiers, has never
1 been denied admittance into some one of the homes
| undertheeontrolof the board of managers. Andwhile
oui accommodationswerecrippledby an unfortunate
i fire at Augusta, and before we got our buildings ready
< at Milwaukee, and while applications were pressing
upon us faster than we could accommodate them at
that after the soldier had learned a trade, or had |i Dayton, yet we did support everybody that called,
)en?ion-money might be j either at Baltimore, Philadelphia, Newark, Roches-
recovcred his heaUh, the pension-money
a lund with which to start him in business outside
the asylum, and relieve the Government from the
burden of his support.
"But we have found this in practice not to obtain.
So long as the pensioner has any money, a3 a rule,
although there are some notable exceptions, we find
that he seems not to be easy until it is spent, and
especially when he is under the temptations ot get-
ting it to purchase intoxicating liquors. The board
having adopted as a rule that when a man is able to
support himself he shall then be discharged and his
pension paid to him, we found that just about the
time the six months' pension came round great num-
bers of the men, whom we know to be the least able
to do so, suddenly claimed to become posseted with
the idea that they conld support themselves with-
out the aid of the institution; and thereupon the ofli-
cers in command, yielding to the clamorous request
ot the men, would approve their discharge?, which
the president of the board of managers, upon such
approval, would grant. The beneficiary would leave
the asylum, taking with him his pension-papers,
which would avail him to draw his money for that
payment at least: and we find him, in many cases,
in a few weeks, with money all spent in debauch,
leaving him frequently prosti ated with disease, sim-
ply a burden upon thecharitips of others, and some-
times in the almshouse and other institutions for
paupers in the country. Under these circumstances
there would be nothing to do but take him back,-
although at renewed expense to the institution for
transportation.
tcr, or Boston ; and in cases where men could not be
moved to travel without manifest danger to their
, health so as to be carried to any one of the homes
; under our charge, we granted out-door relief, as by
law we were empowered to do. So that if there are
| any disabled soldiers who are not provided for, it is
| either because they refuse to go to our institution,
j or, having been, have so conducted themsel ves, after
1 repeated warning as to the consequences of theircon-
| duct, as to become nuisances and a disgrace to tho
: name of soldier, and have been therefore dishonor-
; ably discharged or expelled. And m the matter of
j expulsion and dishonorable discharge, the board of
| managers have been very tender toward the soldiers,
j We have recognized the fact that many of them have
' contracted the vice of drinking, which is the most
' prevailing vice in the Array, and for that alone, un-
] less complicated with others more dangerous,as a
! rule we never discharge or expel.
S "The question frequently asked why disabled
j soldiers were found in the* streets begging, soine-
1 tunes grinding hand-organs, sometimes in the cars,
j sometimes soliciting charity at the crossings, and
sometimes in the almshouses. Why does not the
National Asylum take such soldiers up and take
| care ot them? It will be remembered that we have
; no power to compel the soldier to come to us; we can
| only take those that choose to come. We have the
i power to compel him to stay, or forfeit his rights to
' the institution; and there our power of compulsion
as to compelling him to remain in the establishment
stops, save when he commits crime within our juris-
"This evil being developed by aseries ofexperi- ii diction we may treat him as a deserter, and brim
ments, the board determined that before a man's him back to punishment. Now, through the mis-
pension-papers should be returned to him or his pen- j taken generosity and benevolence toward the sol-
sion paid to him, if any balance remained, "he should ji diers, of individuals giving them money in the
show that he could support himself for six mouths I, streets, many of these beggars make large sums,
without the pension ; and after having demonstrated ij sometimes as high as fifteen and twenty dollars a
hi.-- ability to do that his papers and balance of \i day. Many disabled soldiers are hired by corpora-
pension would bo given him. This rule is found to
work exceedingly well. The practice is to grant
furlough for a man to go and try and support him-
self, or be supported by his relatives and friends, if
he have any; and if at the end of six months he has
demonstrated that he can do so. then send him ihe
money arising from his pennon, nnd his pension-
papers, to enable him to continue in the good work."
" When this rule was announced, acting underthe
advice of three or four very mischievous, insubor-
tions in large cities of foreigners who own hand-
organs, and hire the soldiws at one or two dollars
a day to grind out their dismal sounds, and by
their apparent distress working upon the sympa-
thies of a generous community, which ends in the
owner of the hand-organ receiving five, eight, and
ten dollars aday, and the soldier two. Again, some
y of these men who claim to be disabled soldiers, and
■j who wear the uniform ofsoldiers, aremen who never
have been soldiers at all, but who, having lost their
limb, or received some deformity by an accident
as employes upon the railroads or otherwise, as-
sume the uniform of a t-oldier to thereby attract
sympathy. And there have been instances where
bad men have feigned deformities, pretended to be
caused by wounds in battle, and thus appeal to
the sympathy of tho community. Some of those
who are actually soldiers, who are in the almshouses
and about the streets of cities, prefer that sort of
precarious and wandering vagabond life, where they
can indulge fully in strong drink, to the comforts of
a well-ordered, well-conducted, comfortable home.
Before any person gives alms, if he will inquiro
whether the soldier has ever been at one of our
homes, and is answered in the affirmative, he will
then know that the man has either been dismissed
for crime or got his discharge by false pretense for
the sake of leading the vagabond life he does: or if
he is told that the beggar has not been to the asylum
he will further inquire and ascertain that the man
will not go, and is probably in the employ of some
association who make gain and profit out ot the
charities of the community; and if he will then re-
frain from giving in any such case he will have done
a greater service to the soldier, if he is a true soldier,
than he could do by any amount of money that ho
could give to encourage men in the uniform of tho
United States to lead the life of vagabonds; and be-
fore giving he will confer a favor upon the institu-
tion,afav or upon the Government, and a favorupou
the soldier, if he will take pains to see to it that if
deserving he who asks alms is sent to our homes, or
that one of the managers is informed of the desire
of the soldier to go there, which will be instantly
attended to."
Mr. THUKMAN. Mr. President, what a
picture is that! What permanent residents
they are according to this report of the board
of managers! According to this report the
customary proceeding is this: when a soldier,
an inmate of the asylum, finds that the day for
the payment of his pension is about to arrive,
which is twice a year, he all at once becomes
able to support himself, procures his discharge
from the asylum, draws his pension himself,
instead of letting it go to the asylum, as the
act of Congress contemplates, gets on a spree,
and in two or three weeks comes back to the
asylum or is found in the streets or in some
worse place than the streets, the victim of de-
bauchery and disease, is carried back to the
asylum; or, if he does not do that, leads a
vagabond life, grinding a hand-organ furnished
by a corporation of foreigners who have these
instruments to let, and who divide the profits
with the soldier, they taking the lion's share.
That is the picture that is drawn by the board
of managers j that is the picture of these voters;
that is the picture of the men who, forsooth,
have permanent residence in Montgomery
county, in the State of Ohio, in virtue of their
being inmates of the asylum !
Why, sir, if that be true, and I do not say
whether it is or not—it is not my language, it
is not my narration, it is the narration of this
hoard of managers, their unanimous narration
signed by their president, General Butler—if
these be the class of men, I ask any Senator
here whether they are permanent residents of
the State and ought to govern that county, and
perhaps the State, by the votes they may cast?
There are sixteen hundred of them there now.
You may put sixteen thousand there. This
board of managers, if it wislies to carry at)
election in the State, can put men there to the
number of fifteen thousand or sixteen thou-
sand, if it can gather them up; and already
we see that they are such men that they can be
turned loose every six months on their dis-
charges as able to support themselves. There
is no limit to the discretion of the managers
in admitting them. They can admit anybody;
they can admit a man whether he is lame, or
halt, or blind, or disabled at all. It is abso-
lutely in their power to carry that election, or
the election in any State in which there is such
an asylum, if you once sanction the doctrine
that habitancy in that asylum makes them resi-
dents and citizens of the State. I defy you to
point out a State in which there is such an
asylum that cannot be carried by this board of
managers, if you once adopt the doctrine that
habitancy of such an asylum, being an inmate
of such an asylum, makes a man a resident
citizen of the State in which it is located.
This, sir, is no trifling matter. It does not
concern Ohio alone, although it concerns her
