1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
it should be understood. Let .me read from the
Senate bill the portion providing for the branch
my friend from Arkansas is contending for. X
read from the twenty-third section of the Sen-
ate bill—
That the Grand Tower and San Diego Pacific
Railroad Company, audits successors, a corporation
duly organized under tbo laws of the State of Arkan-
sas, is hereby ailthorized and empowered to survey,
lay out, locate, audconstruct, furnish, maintain and
operate, and enjoy a continuous railroad and tele-
graph line, with the appurtenances, from a point
near Fulton, in the State of Arkansas, by the most
eligible route, to some point on the line of the said
Texas P.icifio railroad, not west of Dallas, in the
State of Texas.
Now, sir, the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, chartered by the Legislature of Texas
in 1854, and the Memphis and El Paso Rail-
road Company, which the supreme court of
Texas has recently said has a valid charter
and grant, and which my friend from Arkan-
sas also says has a valid charter and grant of
sixteen sections per mile, commences, the one
at the eastern line of Texas, running due west
from Marshall, and the other at Texarcana, a
point right across the river at Sulphur fork,
from the southwestern terminus of the Cairo,
and Fulton road, and come together, forming
a junction at or near Dallas; while this provis-
ion, which 1 have just read from the Senate
bill, provides that the branch which my friend
is contending for may run to and intersect the
Texas Pacific at or near the same point.
Now, sir, there is the law and the testimony
on this subject, and I am sure no man can
controvert it. I should like my friend, as I
have said, to have his brauch. But, sir, here
is a grand project, which we have been two
years in getting through ; and shall we stop
now and endanger this great measure upon
the question whether for one or two hundred
miles there shall be a bare, naked right de-
clared for a company to run side by side, prac-
tically, with the track of another road that
has a subsidy of sixteen sections per mile
already granted it?
Mr. RICE. I should like to know of the
Senator from Louisiana whether those reasons
operated in committee to cut off this branch?
Mr. KELLOGG-. No, sir; not with me.
The committee will bear me witness that I
stood by my friend's branch as long as I
could, for I wanted to accomodate him, as I
always shall whenever I can.
Mr. H1CE. For some reasons I am glad
that the Senator has drawn my attention to
this branch of the subject. I know, the Pacific
Railroad Committee knows, the applicants for
this charter know, that there is such a road as
the Memphis and El Paso road. Most of the
Pacific Railroad Committee believed that their
charter was a good one, that they were entitled
to the lands granted in that charter. I had no
doubt about it. But that committee decided,
and this Senate decided from motives of policy,
that, notwitstanding their charter was good,
notwithstanding they were entitled to the land,
Congress would grant a new right of way
through the State of Texas, that they would
not recognize the Memphis and El Paso road,
but would adopt a new line running parallel
with it. They did the same thing in regard to
the Southern Pacific.
Why was this connection provided for from
Fulton to Dallas? I should like to_cu.ll the
attention of the Senator trom Louisiana to
that question. Why was it that this connec-
tion was provided for? If he had investigated
the subject night after night, as the sub com-
mittee of the Pacific Railroad Committee did,
he would have found out why it was that we
had to provide for a connection there, instead
of relying upon the Memphis and El Paso for
that connection. He would know that upon
that first one hundred and fifty miles the entire
bonds, the entire morfgage given by the Mem-
phis and El Paso road, was made. Their lauds
were all mortgaged for an amount not less than
$100,000 per miie; and. therefore, for that
distanne, for the distance that the line was
mortgaged, it was impossible for them ever to
build the road. For that reason we made a
separate connection there, running parallel with
their road, in order that we might have a road
that was free from debt and not incumbered
by the bonds or mortgagesof the Memphisand
El Paso. The members of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad know very well that it was
from a sense of policy,-for the very purpose
of enabling parties to go on and build a road,
that this different charter was granted, instead
of relying upon that Memphis and El Paso
railroad charter. The Memphis and El Paso
Railroad Company, if they were the richest
company on the face of the earth, could never
build their road or one mile of it for the first
one hundred and fifty miles. There is no
expectation on their part of ever building that
road. They have no power to discharge the
mortgage upon their lands or upon the road.
They have no power to pay off those mortgages.
The only thing that they could do, and the thing
they are very willing to do for the sake of see-
ing the enterprise go on, is to let the road
commence at another point different from that
road, to wit, Marshall, and run west from
there, and leave this first one hundred and
fifty miles out of the line, and to make up the
connection for that one hundred and fifty miles
this branch from Fulton to Dallas was put in.
There is another point in that connection to
which I should like to call attention. It is a
well-known fact that there was a controversy
last winter between the House and the Senate
on this bill, and that the friends of the Senate
bill, a different bill from the one that was
passed, consented to join the two bills, and
these branches upon that consent, that kind
of compromise, were left on. These connec-
tions, one north and one south, and the Cal
ifornia branch, were left in. It was a part
and parcel of the understanding that tiiey
should be on this bill. The House bill was
objected to by the Senate. The House bill
was objected to by the southern men, north
and south of the line, because these connec-
tions were not on. They insisted upon having
them on. The Senate did put on these con-
nections, did put on these branches, and all
sections were reached by it. The line com-
mences on the thirty-second parallel. There
are three or four hundred miles south of that
which are not within reach, unless they are
reached by connections with branches to their
own State roads.
There' is a State and a half lying north
of that line which connects with no Pacific
road, and cannot connect with any except by
branches from that road to connect with their
State roads. Therefore, those living north of
the line and those living south agreed on these
branches, agreed that they should be a part
of the hill, so that each section should be satis-
fied with the creation and incorporation of the
Texas Pacific road.
That was all right; it was all natural; it did
not cost much to do it. It cost a little to make
the southern connection. It cost a million or
so of acres of laud to make the Louisiana con-
nection; it cost some land to make the Cali-
fornia connection ; but it did not cost an acre
of land to make the connection northward into
our State. Therefore, it was a very natural
alliance, avery natural arrangement, that these
connections should be made, and be made
now, so that the State roads should not be
hereafter at. tire mercy of the main line. It
was to avoid the power of a great monopoly.
We know that where a line extends across the
continent, or across a great region of country,
if it has power over the connecting roads, it
has a power that it finally exercises in swal-
lowing up those roads and destroying all com-
petition between itself and any competing line.
We know that very well from experience.
Therefore, to prevent the Slate roads along
this line falling into the power of the main
road, this idea of providing for connecting
branches was inaugurated and put into the
bill, and it met with pretty general approba-
tion.
Now, what we want, and what we ask, and
I think the request is reasonable, is to be
allowed the privilege of simply having the
right to cross Red river, the right of way, to
connect with this road on equal terms with it.
That is a fair proposition. If it is made when
this bill is passed, the Texas Pacific road can
never complain, because it accepts it as a con-
dition when it accepts its charter. If it is made
by some subsequent bill, the Texas Pacific
company will complain that they never agreed
to any such proposition ; that it wa-s legisla-
tion against their rights, without their consent.
Therefore we want the connection made by
the very act that makes the main line itself.
Then we know that our rights are protected
by that act to the extent that the main line is
protected.
We insist upon this. We cannot do other-
wise. We cannot give any excuse to our
people for not insisting upon it. Our people
will call upon us and inquire, ''What, have jou
done for us in the way of Pacific railroads?"
We tell them we have made one away up near
the north pole, running from Duluih to the
Pacific ocean. That does not help them any.
We tell them that we have legislated favorably
for the great Union Pacific and the Central
Pacific railroads, running fioin Lincoln, in
Nebraska, to Sacramento, in California. Tho-e
roads do not help them inateiially. We tell
them that Congress has heretofore established
the Atlantic and Pacific road, starting in the
State of Missouri, runniug around in the rear
of Arkansas, and then on to the Pacific. Can
we connect with that? No. We cannot get
there because the Indian Territory cannot be
crossed. One line, and one line alone, lias
absorbed that privilege to go across there, and
we cannot get to it. Tnen they will as-k,
"What about the Texas Pacific'.'" Can we
join that anywhere ? We must reply. "'Yes,
you can go down as far as Fulton, on the Ked
rivet; you can join it there, and only have to
wagon your goods and families a hundred and
fifty miles to Dallas, and get on a car behind
a swift locomotive." We shall only have to
wagon a hundred and fifty miles to get to the
Texas Pacific ! It is not far! We wagon more
than that now to get to any railroad. It i.- an
improvement on our present condition. We
can get to the Atlantic and Pacific, I suppose,
ill a hundred and fifty miles from the northern
portion of our State now ; but we cannot by
any line of railroad get to the line of the Texas
Pacific in that short distance ; so that really I
do not know but that I shall convince myself
that this is an improvement upon our present
condition! We get a Pacific railroad running
within one hundred and fifty miles of us ; but
we have no right to connect with it or to get
any nearer to it by rail. That is a pretty
good condition for people hemmed in as we
are; hemmed in in every other direction;
hemmed in by natural obstructions on some
sides, hemmed in by artificial obstructions on
others. Hemmed in as we are, it is a prStty
good condition in which we are placed, that
we can get to a railroad by going by wagon
one hundred and fifty miles ! Fifty years ago
people had to travel a great deal further than
that by wagon. They could not get to a rail-
road then half as easy as we shall now when
this Texas Pacific gets through. They did not
have the advantages that civilization and im-
provement and enterprise have given to us!
At this day some of the States have railroads
all over their territory ; they have more rail-
roads than there were wagon roads a few years
ago. They have railroads running east and
west, north and south, and diagonally across
their borders. Other States liave less of them,
but still have some roads. But in Arkansas we
.-hall be blessed with a system of roads that
exceeds in convenience that of all the other
States. We shall have some State roads that
lead into the State with no power to lead out! It
