1346
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
made it as far as we can. For the future, let
us all behave ourselves and act better. Do
this, and you will adopt a sensible course.
While you keep on in the way you are pursu-
ing, you are contradicting that cardinal prin-
ciple which would govern gentlemen in the
private relations of life and which ought to
govern you as a political party now dominant
in the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. Is an amendment to that
amendment in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses an amendment to the amendment is
certainly in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I found this morning that
it was in vain to try to keep general legisla-
tion off an appropriation bill. I have made
several ineffectual attempts in that direction,
and it has been decided—and according to our
usage, I think properly—that it is no matter
whether the subject of an amendment be ger-
mane to the bill or not. it is still in order. I
move as an amendment to the amendment a
bill which has been reported from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, called Sen-
ate bill No. 543. It is a bill that I have felt
a great interest in passing, and, as one thing
after another is accumulating on this appro-
priation bill, I move it as an amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. What is it?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a bill for the sup-
pression of drinking-houses and tippling-shops,
and to regulate the sale of intoxicating liquors
in the District of Columbia. [Laughter.] I
want the bill read.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I hope
that the Senator from Kansas will appeal to
the Senate to take up the resolution altering
the rule for the conduct of appropriation bills
which he proposed this morning, and which, I
think, would have met with the entire assent
of the Senate but for a misunderstanding.
Several Senators thought it was a previous
question to cut off debate. It is not in the
nature of a previous question at all, as I under-
stand it. It does not compel a man to vote
for or against any measure without debate. It
only compels him to vote whether he will or
will not take up a particular subject for con-
sideration in connection with an appropriation
bill. If the sense of the Senate is against tak-
ing it up, against considering it, why should
we spend a whole day in discussing it before
we find out that fact? Let us first ascertain
if it is the judgment of the Senate that any
particular amendment should be discussed or
not. Then, if the judgment of the Senate is
in the affirmative, it can be debated as long as
Senators can talk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we have got one
thing up, I suggest to the Senator from Rhode
Island that we dispose of this before we take
up that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to appeal to the
Senate, by unanimous consent, to act on the
proposed rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas has moved an amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the amend-
ment beginning at the enacting clause 
Mr. FOWLER. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will withdraw this. We can get a
vote on the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois in a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this amendment
of mine should be read for information.
Mr. COLE. I have no doubt we can get a
vote at once on the pending question if the
Senator from Kansas will withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. We have no security that
any other class of legislation may not be moved
on this appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. We will try and adopt the Sen-
ator's rule to-morrow morning, or when we
get through this bill to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the amendment
I have proposed should be read.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope
the Senator will withdraw it until after the
carnival, at all events. [Laughter.] We shall
get through the bill by that time.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment of mine
is peculiarly adapted to this carnival state of
things. That is the very reason why I urge it;
that shows the great public necessity for it.
Mr. COLE. I think we can reach a vote
upon the pending question at once if the Sen-
ator from Kansas will withdraw his amend-
ment ; and then I hope that the Senate will pro-
ceed to consider the suggestion made by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not now.
Mr. COLE. Well, to-night; or to-morrow
morning in the morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. . Let us go on with this
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the reading of
my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois by adding to it what
the Secretary will read.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
dispense with the reading of the*Senator's
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is impos-
sible under parliamentary law if any Senator
demands it. Any question 011 which the Sen-
ate is to vote any Senator has a right to demand
the reading of.
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest to the Senator
from Kansas to withdraw the amendment. We
are losing precious time here.
Mr. POMEROY. We have been losing it
all day.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we may be ready to
vote on the question before us.
Mr. POMEROY. I think mine is a very
proper amendment, and there is the greatest
necessity for it.
Mr. HOWARD. That may be ; but this is
not a very propitious moment, I think, to act
upon such a subject. Let us vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. POMEROY. If there can be unani-
mous consent to take up the resolution I spoke
of to-morrow morning I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There cannot be such
an understanding.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I call for the read-
ing of my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read. It is to add to the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois the additional
sections which will be now read.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Does the Presiding Offi-
cer declare that this proposition is in order
under the rule ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
cides that by the usage of the Senate no Pre-
siding Officer can rule out amendments to an
appropriation bill On the mere ground that
they are not germane. The Chair is not
aware of any precedent for su jh a proceeding.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is it ger-
mane to the particular amendment to which
it is offered as an amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Presiding Offi-
cers the predecessors of the present occupant
of the chair have never ruled out amendments
on account of their not being germane ; and
the general parliamentary law prohibits pre-
siding officers doing it. The Chair will read
from page 206 of the Manual:
" If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with
one already agreed to "—
Which is a still stronger case—
" it is a fit ground for its rejection by the House.but
not within the competence of the Speaker to sup-
press as if it were against order; for were he per-
mitted to draw questions of consistence within the
vortex of order be might usurp a negative on irn-
'portant modifications, and suppress instead of sub-
serving the legislative will."
This in a larger sense has been the usage
of the Senate of the United States than it has
been in the other branch of the national Legis-
lature ; but no Presiding Officer of the Senate,
within the knowledge of the Chair, has ruled
out an amendment to an appropriation bill 011
the mere ground of its not being germane.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Would it not be compe-
tent for the Presiding Officer to submit that
question to the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask that that be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate with pleas-
ure ; but the proposition must first be reported,
as the Senator from Kansas desires, so that
the Senate may be advised of its contents.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now move that the Sen-
ate adjourn ; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the sub-
mission of this question to the Senate, on the
request of the Senator from Rhode Island, the
Senator from Rhode Island moves that thg
Senate do now adjourn; and on that question
he demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 35 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs Anthony, Bayard, Blnir, Casserly,
Davis, Fowler, Hamilton ot Maryland, Howe, John-
ston, McCreery, Pool, Kice, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Sprague, Stockton, and Yickers—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corb*tt,
Cragin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Har-
ris, Hill, Howard, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of
Vermont. Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Robertson. Ross, Sawyer, Scott. Sherman, Stearns,
Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
CattelJ, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Ham-
lin, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pat-
terson, Revels, Schurz, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman,
Warner, and Williams—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. I judge from the vote
that the Senate desire to complete this bill
to-night. I thought before they did not. I
will withdraw my amendment to see if that is
their purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] upon which
the yeas and nays-have been ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am paired 011 this
vote with the Senator from Vermont, Mr.
Edmunds. If he were here he would vote
"nay" and I should vote "yea."
Mr. SAULSBURY. Upon all questions
arising in connection with this proposition I
am paired with the Senator from North Caro-
lina, Mr. Abbott.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Alabama, Mr. Warxer. If pres-
ent he would vote for the amendment, and I
against it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, Mr. Sumner, on this
proposition. If he were present he would vote
against the amendment, and I should vote in
favor of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 'J.o ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair. Casserly, Davis,
Fowler Hamilton of Maryland, Italian, Hill, John-
e fr llftPfAAi,,, r,.T\rt 1.1 I> ~ 1 it i ,
ley—25.
4in.es* Anthony, -Bnckinghriai,
Chandler, Cole, Conkiing, C'orbett. Oragin, Fenton,
rlanagan, (xilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howard,
Howell, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Kams>ey,
if; bfJvurns'Thayer, WiK-on, and YaU\-=—lio.
AlJfehA i—'.Messrs, Abbott, Boreman. Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, CatteU, Edmunds, Ferry,
r -vr ' Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Kevel?,
baulsbury, beliurz, Sumner, Thurman, Warner,
and W Uliams—23.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate being
