1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
■will mate an elegant country for immigration 1
People can get to it, but they cannot get
through it! Everybody that once enters the
borders of Arkansas will have to stay in it;
nobody can get beyond the confines of that
State. Persons may take the back track, and
go oat the way they came in; but there will be
no chance to go beyond. Upon the western
border we are met by a marked line, over
which no white man lias a right to pass. An
Indian can have his choice; he can come over
the line among us or he can stay at home.
We have no choice about it; we must stay on
our own side of the line. For three hundred
miles upon that side our people are hemmed
in. It is not a wonder that they area little rest-
less about this question. It is not a wonder,
when they see the beautiful country lying west
of them and the beautiful country lying south
of them, that they should want some outlet in
one direction or the other. It is not unnatural
that such should be the case. I am not the
least surprised at their anxiety. I should be
surprised if they were not anxious. They are
like all other people; they have their peculiar
notions; they have their love of enterprise;
they have their love of association; they have
their love of business connections ; they have
a love of prosperity generally, the same as
other people, and they like to have the same
rights and enjoy the same privileges as other
people. They like to have the same rights of
outlet and inlet, the same rights of communi-
cation in every direction, that are granted to
the people of any other State. They have
been denied this for years. They have, as 1
say, become restless under that denial, and
now they are demanding, and they had some
hopes of successfully demanding, an outlet
to the South. I do not know but that they will
be successful finally, but I do not see that
they are liable to be very successful to-day, or
to-morrow, or next year.
Mr. President, I move that this bill be laid
on thb table, with a view of having it taken up
after the appropriation bills are passed. 1 do
not wish to stand in the way of any appropri-
ation bill. I should like, for the sake at least
of expressing my views for the benefit of my
constituents, to have my say on this bill; but
I do not want to stand in the way of the busi-
ness of the country, and therefore, in order
that the appropriation bills may go through and
my remarks may not interfere with them, I
make the motion that this bill be laid on the
table. In making that motion, I wish to say that
I shall help to take it from the table, if there is
any trouble about it, when these other bills are
disposed of. I do not wish to delay the public
business, I do not wish to delay this bill, but
I wish to express my sentiments upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TlieSenatorfrom
Arkansas moves that the report of the com-
mittee of conference lie on the table. The lat-
ter part ol his motion will require unanimous
consent; that is, to take np the report as soon
as the appropriation bills are disposed of, as
WQuld a proposition to terminate debate. The
motion to lie on the table is in order under the
eleventh rule.
Mr. RICE, I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion is to lay the report on the table, which
is not debatable.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am aware of that. I
desire to ask whether this is a full motion to
lay on the table as understood in parliamentary
law?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No other canbe
made except by consent.
Mr. RICE. It is not with a view to the bill
remaining there. I said that I will move to
get it up myself when the other business is
disposed of. I do not make the motion with
a view of defeating the bill.
Mr. CASSEISLY. I should not like to vote
for a motion to lay on the table which would
indefinitely postpone the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I rise to a point of order.
All this discussion is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island objects to discussion. The mo-
tion to lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not propose to debate
it; but I should like to make a suggestion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A suggestion is
in the nature of debate if the Senator from
Rhode Island objects, and the Secretary will
call the roll on the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to state that I am
paired off on this question with the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] If he
were present he would vote "nay," and I
should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cragin. Edmunds, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Howell, McDonald, Pool, Ramsey, ltice, Sehurz,
Seott, Sprague, and Tipton—13.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman. Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Flanagan, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Hill, Howard,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Miller, Nye,
Osborn, X'omeroy, Revels, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart; Stockton,
Trumbull, Warner, Williams, Wilson,and Yut.es—40.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Cattell, Cole, Ferry, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Ilowe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Saulsbury,
Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, Vickers, andWilloy—21.
So the Senate refused to lay the conference
report on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas will resume his remarks.
Mr. RICE. As I stated when I made the
motion to lay on the table, it was not my
desire to delay action, but I have an extreme
desire, not only on my own account, but on
account of my constituents, to have this bill
amended by putting upon it the connection of
which I have been speaking. It is that, and
nothing else, that prompts me to make any
remarks on this occasion. I want a new con-
ference. I have no intention of speaking out
the time at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Itistoolate; wehavenot
time to act in a new committee of conference.
_ Mr. RICE. Not at all. There is plenty of
time. You can act on all other bills, report
upon them here, and pass them, and there is
no trouble about the question of time. I am
not going to speak out the time; Senators can
be easy on that account. But I am speaking
in earnest, because I want to get that amend-
ment on this bill in some shape. I know that
my own success depends upon having it there.
I know that my people expect it to be there,
and tbey have confidence that I can get it done
if I want to do so, and therefore I do appeal
to the Senate to take such a course as will give
ns the connection between Pulton and Dallas.
There is nothing in it that delays the bill or
can delay it at all. Other committees of con-
ference are appointed and report up to this
time; and I can do it three hours hence with-
out any trouble. If the amendment is right,
and every man who has read the amendment
and the bill will concede that it is right, why
not let this subject be referred to another com-
mittee of conference and let it be nut on this
bill?
If this connection is not put on the bill now
we are cut off not only now, but for all time to
come. Therefore I do feel it, and I have a
right to feel it, and I have a right, notwith-
standing it may retard business," to express my
views in regard to it. I have not troubled this
Senate enough for me to be prevented from
taking as much time as I desire on this ques-
tion. I intend to take all I want; but I do not
intend to take any from a factious desire to
interfere with other business. The amendment
having been before both Houses, having been
on the bill ever since last winter, I think in
half an hour a committee of conference could
agree to put it on the bill. I do not think there
would be a word of opposition if the thing was
presented to a committee -of conference. It is
a vital matter to us.
I know that but few Senators are interested
in this question, because they do not live in
that little benighted strip that we are said to
live in. They do not live hemmed up as we are
in Arkansas, without any place to get out.
They do not live in a State where there are not
a hundred miles of running railroad, from the
fact that there is no place to run it to. There-
fore, I know other Senators do not feel this as
I do or as my constituents do.
I think, therefore, I have a right to ask that
the experiment at least be made, and let us
see if another committee of conference cannot
agree upon this proposition. There is no dan-
ger of losing the bill, because if the committee
of conference fail to agree we can concur in
the amendment of the House in the last hour
of the session, and that would give us the
main trunk. That does all, so far as we are
concerned, that this bill does. There is no
danger at all of losing the bill. That idea is
only thrown in to alarm Senators. I do not
care if there was but half an hour of the ses-
sion and no committee of conference had
agreed, there would be no trouble in regard to
the main trunk, because when committees dis-
agree we simply have to concur in the amend-
ment of the House to the bill, and that settles
the whole question. On that account, I say,
the Senate can with safety take the course of
not concurring in this report, and asking for
another committee of conference.
I have felt at liberty to insist upon this course;
but if it cannot be done I must yield, as a matter
of course. I could not if I would, and I would
not if I could, attempt to talk out the time;
but I did want to call the attention of Senators
to this matter. I did want to place myself on
the record in regard to it in such a way that
at least the Senate and the country could see
that I was right in what I wanted; that we had
not got from the conference committee what
we had a right to expect. I have been labor-
ing upon this subject for three years. I have
been laboring on the Pacific Railroad Commit-
tee, and laboring to arrange and fix up this bill
in order that we might have that connection.
Now it is wiped out without any man to urge
a single objection to it, without any man on
the committee or off the committee to say a
■word against it; and yet the Senate propose
to sustain the conference committee simply
because they have made that report.
I say let the bill be referred to another com-
mittee, and if they cannot agree in one hour,
let them come in and report that they cannot
agree, and we can then concur in the House
amendment and put the bill through. I am
not going to defeat a national measure even if
my State is not connected with it; but what I
do ask in this case is, and I hope the Senate
will try the experiment, that we non-concur in
this report of tlie conterence committee and
let another committee be appointed. I do not
think there is any danger whatever in that
course. I am satisfied there is not. If Senators
will do that, and thisamendment shall be made,
we shall all be harmonious on this subject.
This road will then be beneficial to all of us from
the South instead of a part. It will help us all.
We shall go home feeling well; we shall go
home with a good report to our constituents;
we shall go home satisfied that we have done
our duty, and our_ constituents also satisfied
that we have done it.
I hope, therefore, that we shall try that exper-
iment. I shall throw no obstacle in the way
of the passage of the bill at any stage of it. I
never have intended to do so, and I do not
intend to do so now. I conclude what I have
to say by once more asking the Senate to non-
concur in the report of this committee, with a
view of having another committee of conference
appointed.
