520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
property merely for the use of officers as a j
temporary residence, and the land has again ;
been sold. The United States is a proprietor
in all the western States, Ohio included. Only
the other day a bill, which my colleague advo-
cated, proposed to cede the little remnant of
land in Ohio belonging to the United States to
the State of Ohio. The nyjre fact that the
United States owns land in a State does not
give the United States jurisdiction, much less
the mere fact that a corporation created by the
United States for charity, or any other purpose,
owns that land gives the United States exclu-
sive jurisdiction. The United States may ac-
quire exclusive jurisdiction, •with the consent
of the State, when the cession is made to the
United States for an express purpose pointed
out in the Copstitution. No such purchase
was made by the United States here. The
United States owns no such land; no such
cession was made by the State of Ohio. The
very facts upon which this decision is founded
were assumed, and turn out not to be true.
This question came up in a collateral matter
on the decision of the election of some local
officer. I do believe that if the supreme court
had examined into the title to this land, and
had given due weight to the fact that it was pur-
chased under a general power granted to a cor-
poration. and could be sold without the consent
of the United States, and that the title was
vested in particular parties for a charitable pur-
pose, they would not have made this decision.
But it is made and is the law of the land so far
as Ohio is concerned. It is true the House of
Representatives, in pursuance of its constitu-
tional power, may declare that the soldiers'
votes should not have been excluded in the
election of a Representative in Congress. Such
a decision, although it may be conclusive upon
the right of a member to take his seat in the
House, will not affect the soldiers' right to
vote for Governor of Ohio and the various
local officers of that State.
A^d, Mr. President, it must be remembered
that the right of suffrage is not conferred by
this bill on any man whatever. There is no
proposition here to confer the right of suffrage:
but, by a misapprehension of the laws of the
State of Ohio and of the United States, aaainst
the express reservation by the State of Ohio,
these soldiers have been by the decision of the
court deprived of the r>ght to vote. Ohio
never would have ceded this land to the United
States in the world, or to any corporation cre-
ated by the United States, if the legal effect
of that had been understood to be to deprive
the soldiers who lived in that asylum of the
right to vote. In the very act of cession by
the State of Ohio of jurisdiction there was an
express reservation to the soldiers of the right
to vote. If the United States now hold any
cession or right under that law they hold it
in fraud of the law, because Ohio expressly
reserved, by the unanimous vote of every mem-
ber of the Legislature, the right of these sol-
diers to vote. If the United t>tate3 now insist
upon exclusive jurisdiction over this laud, they
do it in fraud of the- conditions that were
imposed upon the 'cession itself. They can-
not, do it in honor and good faith. When the
State ot Ohio ceded the jurisdiction of this
land for the purposes contemplated by this
charity it provided—
" That all civil and criminal process issued under
the authority of the State of Ohio, nr any officer
thereof, may bo executed on said lands and in the
buildings which may be located thereon, m the samo
way and maimer an if jurisdiction had not been ceded
:ni aforesaid: And provided further. That nothing in
tins net shall be construed to prevent the officers,
employ es, and inmates of slid asylum who arequaii-
fied voters of this St.ito from exercising the right of
suffrage in all township, county, and State elections
m the township in which the said national asylum
shall be loeatcd."
Now it. is proposed to use this surrender of
jurisdiction for a limited purpose, in violation
of the very conditions imposed by the State of
Ohio in the act granting this jurisdiction, and
iny colleague seeks to defend it. When the
State of Ohio passed this act, in 1807, before
there was any feeling enlisted in the matter,
the only object was to promote a charity. The
charity was organized by the law of the United
States. All the business of that charity was
invested in a board of trustees. My colleague
seems to fear that these trustees are going to
revolutionize matters for political purposes.
Why, sir, who are these trustees ? One is the
Chief Justice of the United States, another is
the President of the United States, another is
the Secretary of War, and the others must be
appointed from time to time by a joint resolu-
tion of Congress. They must not reside in the
State of Oiiio, where the asylum exists. They
are absolutely independent of all local influ-
ence or local interest. Some of them are not
of the political opinion of the present majority,
and there will always be men of different par-
ties on this board. There never has been any
political feeling about it.
It is a private charity, organized, it is true,
upon funds granted by the United States, but
upon funds that belong to the soldiers of the
United States. The fines, penalties, and vari-
ous assessments that have been levied in the
course of military discipline during the war,
and which have been collected from these
soldiers, are made the basis of this noble
charity. This money, held in the Treasury
of the United States for the benefit of the
so'diers, is set aside as a perpetual fund to
maintain this charity as long as any of the
soldiers live. They are gathered by this act
into asylums to be purchased by this corpora-
tion in any State whatever where the considera-
tions of health, convenience, and accessibility
will be best advanced. In pursuance of this
law the beautiful ground near Dayton, Ohio,
in the heart of a rich and populous region, has
been selected and dedicated to this beneficent
purpose by the United States and the State of
Ohio, and by the purchase of this land by the
managers from private individuals.
When this charity was established no man
dreamed that these soldiers, when they went
to the asylum to live, to eke out the little pit-
tance that was given to them by the United
State*, would thereby deprive themselves of
the right to vote. On the contrary, the State
of Ohio carefully reserved to them the right
to vote, to he governed by the same law as to
residence that any other citizen is governed
by. Upon that condition the jurisdiction was
ceded. The ! nd itself was purchased by the
managers from private individuals.
Neither the State of Ohio nor the United
States had anything to do with the title of the
land. The title of the laud is not derived from
the State. The State of Ohio has never con-
sented, in the language of the Constitution, to
the purchase of this particular land, or any
other. It cannot be assimilated iti any way to
the constitutional purchase of land by the con-
sent of a State for a navy yard or an arsenal.
Tl^e State of Ohio never consented to the
purchase of this land. It could not consent
to it, and it eould not prevent it. These
managers may go and buy any land in the
State of Ohio, and there is no law to prevent
them from doing so. or requiring the assent
of the State. The United States did not buy
the land. No law is necessary to allow these
managers to bny laud except the authority
granted by the United States, snd the consent
of Ohio was neither asked nor required. It
was the land of private individuals, bought with
money set apart in this way, and held by these
tiustees as a charity.
My colleague says that this is the land of the
United States. Not at all. It is the land of
these soldiers, and this trust is a property-right
invested 1* these managers, and any soldier who
is entitled to the benefits of this law has a right
to appeal to the courts not only of Ohio, but
of the United States, to enforce his right. It
is no longer a matter between the State of Ohio
and the United States, but it is a matter be-
tween these managers, as the trustees of a char-
ity, and these disabled soldiers, any one ofwhoni
can demand his right to go there and be main-
tained, or aided and supported.
I regret that my colleague endeavored to
cloud this noble and generous charity, in
which the United States and the State of
Ohio are acting the part of protectors, not as
active managers of it, with technical reasoning,
in order to deprive these soldiers of the right
to vote. But, sir, all these questions that my
colleague has discussed with so much learning
are utterly immaterial to this case. They have
no bearing whatever upon the question before
us. I cannot imagine anything my colleague
said that has any bearing upon the case, ex-
cept his arraignment, under the color of a
report made by the managers, of soiue of
these soldiers.
The question is not whether, under the law
as it now stands, these soldiers have the right
to vote, becausc by asking the passage of this
law we concede that they are excluded from
the right to vote by the decision of our court.
Therefore, the appeal is made by these soldiers
themselves., first, to the House of Represent-
atives and then to the Senate, that the act of
cession, the fact upon which this decision is
based, shall be obviated by our legislation.
It is apparent that if they are excluded it has
been done without the intention of any one to
do so. It, was certainly not the desire of tbe
United States, because the United States h.is
never sought to disfranchise any one in t ie
•State of Ohio because he entered into this
charity. It was certainly not the desire of t'le
people of the State of Ohio, because that Sta :e
has shown the utmost care to secure these in  n
the right to vote. Not only in the act of ces-
sion of jurisdiction did they reserve their right
to vote, but by a subsequent aet, passed alter
much controversy, they expressly provide for
l and define the right of these soldiers to vote.
That act is contained in a little pamphlet which
both my colleague and I have read. It is the
| act passed on the 18th of April, 1870, ani I
think, in date, after the decision of the su-
preme court of our State. By that act it is
provided:
"That the disabled soldiers who have been or shah
be received into the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers, and who may be citizens of the
United States and residents of the State one year
next preceding the elect ion, shall beheld and deemed
toliavc theirlawful residence in thecoun'tyand town-
ship in -which said asylum is foi the time iieiu? or
j may hereafter bfi located, and shail be entitled to
vote in such township and county, subject to the
I provisions of existing laws, as to age, as to the ti/ao
such residence sh.iil have continued piior to 'lie
exercise of the elective franchise.''
Such of these soldiers as were born in Oh o,
or reared in Ohio, or have lived there for one
year, and have resided in the county for thi> ty
days, who are of sound mind—persons who a rc
qualified to vote in other parts of the State —
such persons shall be entitled to vote. Wliy
not? My colleague has endeavored to arraifn
some of these old soldiers, not, it is true, by a ny
words of his own, but by reading a report hero
from General Butler, one of the managers,
Mr. T'HURMAN. A report of the man-
agers.
Mr. _ SHERMAN. A report of the man-
agers, in which they say that someofthpse sol-
diers have done so and so ; that some of them
areiu the habit of getting drunk ; some of them
are in the habit of spending their money fool-
ishly; some of them are in the habit of indulg-
ing in vices. Why, sir, if you were to apply
such a test as this to the voters of either party,
and especially to the voters of the Democratic
party in the city of New York, how many of
them, by the moral test, would be entitled to
vote ?
My colleague^ says these soldiers have no
property. That is true. The reason is because
they have been disabled in the service of the
United States. Every one of them is without
an arm or_a leg. No one can enter that asylum
unless he is disabled to the extent of the loss
of a limb..
