1871.
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
Mr. McDONALD. Mr. President, I will
only state to the Senate briefly that at a very
early period in the history of this bill I inter-
ested my colleague in this body and one of the
members of the other House in behalf of this
bill at the earnest solicitation of General Fre-
mont and others, who were more interested
than anyone else in it. We had understood
at each stage, as the bill progressed, that no
branch would be put upon this road without
ours being put upon it; the others being land-
grant branches and ours a branch without any
grant of land whatever. We told our people
at home of this. We interested them in this,
measure. We told them to look forward to
the time when we should have a connection
between Cairo and Pulton and Dallas, on the
main line of this Pacific railroad. As my
colleague has remarked, that connection is a
matter of more than ordinary importance to
us. As we asked nothing except simply the
right, which any man ought to have, to make
a connection with this road, we consider that
in leaving off our branch and putting on land-
grant branches great injustice has been done
us. We cannot go home to the people of Ark-
ansas and tell them we did our duty in this
regard withont attempting at least to have jus-
tice done to them on this subject.
I think the Senate of the United States will
hesitate long before they do so great an act of
injustice as this to the persons who are known
more than all others to be the friends of this
enterprise, who have toiled night and day to
get the men who now pretend to be its stand-
ard-bearers enlisted in behalf of this cause.
The gentlemen who are now the leaders in this
enterprise but a short time ago would not
speak favorably or even respectfully ofit, and
their sudden conversion to its enthusiastic sup-
port is rather remarkable.
Mr. President, I say, as my colleague has
said, that I have never seen the time when I
would put one vote on record that would en-
danger the charter or the right of this road.
I think injustice has been done to these men
long enough. I think they should long since
have had all they asked, and if there had been
the proper spirit here toward the South they
would have had it long ago.
This is a measure on which we have a right
to feel considerable warmth. I cannot com-
prehend how the Senators from Illinois and
other western States can sit here and see their
States deprived of all connection with this
Texas Pacific road. 1 contend we have a right
to that connection. We ask for nothing but
the right to connect. How any one can object
to that, especially when what we have at stake
in railroad enterprises in Arkansas is depend-
ent to a very large extent upon that connec-
tion, is something that I cannot compre-
hend.
For the sake of harmony and good will, for
the success of this enterprise, I appeal to the
Senate of the United States to sustain us at
least in an attempt to get on this bill a propo-
sition which asks nothing of anybody and takes
nothing from anybody.
I would not put myself on record against the
Southern Pacific railroad. I have no such feel-
ing. I have stood by that measure as its friends
well know, I stood by it when they could
not get a man to listen to them, when gentle-
men in this Chamber refused to go out and
answer their cards or listen to them. I have
fought forit up to this time, and worked it up to
this point through myself and friends; and now
to be sacrificed on the last day of the session is
something that I had at least not expected.
I had hoped that my record, my conduct in
this Senate, now about to close, was not of
such a character as to merit such treatment at
the hands of the Senate of the United States.
I hope that Senators will at least give us the
chance of having the injustice that is proposed
to be done us remedied by the appointment of
another committee of conference, when giving
as that opportunity will not endanger the bill.
I would vote for the bill in any shape rather
than endanger it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read from the desk sections twenty and twenty-
one of the bill as reported by the conference
committee.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That it shall not be lawful for any of the directors,
cither in their individual capacity or as members
of an incorporated or joint stock company, to make
any contracts or agreements with the said Texas
Pacific Railroad Company for the construction,
equipment, or running of its road, or to have any
interest therein ; and all such contracts or agree-
ments are hereby declared null and void, and all
money or property received under such contracts or
agreements maybe recovered back for the benefit of
the company by any stockholder.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Secretary may stop
there. I want the Senate to know what kind
of work is done in a committee of conference.
I do this as a justification—if justification be
needed—for the earnestness with which I have
contended for the common, acknowledged,
constitutional right of a member of this Senate
to understand an important bill before he votes
upon it. When this bill was in the Senate at
the last session, as Senators well remember,
there was considerable debate upon different
features and amendments of it. Among the
rest, there was discussion as to the necessity
of prohibiting, as to this company, the peculiar
transactions carried on, as was generally un-
derstood, in one of the two great Pacific rail-
road companies, in the name of a Credit Mo-
bilier. That is to say, a "ring," as the phrase
is, was formed in the company, composed of
some of the directors and stockholders, for
the purpose of contracting with the company
for the entire construction and equipment of
the road. This purpose was effected; and
the "ring" had, at such prices as suited it,
all the contracts of the company' calling for
any considerable expenditure of money. The
result was matter of public notoriety, fortified
by charges made in the Senate and not an-
swered, nor attempted to be answered, daring
the first session of this Congress.
The result was that this "ring" or Credit
Mobilier made enormous profits at the expense
of the company and its stockholders not in the
combination. The members of the "ring"
got very rich, the company got poor. Its treas-
ury was stripped, while the pockets of the con-
federates of the " ring " were filled to bursting.
Figures, stated apparently on the best grounds,
show the gains made by the ring members
as something fabulous, running up in one case
of.a single individual beyond two million dol-
lars. The aggregate spoils taken from the
company were enormous. While the " ring "
waxed fat and strong the company was starv-
ing to death. I thought it essential to the
interests of the great southern trunk Pacific
railroad that such transactions, so injurious to
the company and indeed to our credit as a
people, should be made impossible, so far as
they could be by legislation. In this very
obvious view the Senate fully agreed with me.
During the passage of the bill through this
body last session I offered an amendment,
which was adopted after discussion and against
considerable opposition. It forbade completely
the formation of any "ring" in the company,
under any name, to devour the substance of
the company, to plunder the stockholders, and
make the whole enterprise a bankrupt and
pernicious fraud. I will read the amendment
as it passed the Senate:
" And be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for any of the incorporators, directors, or
stockholders, eitherin theirindividual capacity or as
members of an incorporated or joint stock company,
to make any contracts or agreements with the said
Texas Pacific Railroad Company for the construc-
tion, equipment, or running of its road, or to nave
any interest therein; and all such contracts or agree-
ments are hereby declared null and void, and all
moneys or property received under such contracts or
agreements may be recovered back for the benefit of
the company by any stockholder.
The length and breadth of that amendment
will be comprehended at once by anybody who
has listened to it. Its effect was to cut up,
root and branch, any attempt to form one of
these fraudulent and plundering rings in this
company, to forbid its being formed, and, if
formed, to confiscate to the company its unlaw-
ful gains. Therefore, the language used was
comprehensive. It embraced "the incorpor-
ators, the directors, and the stockholders
every one in the company.
The Senate has just heard this most vital
section as it enacted it. I ask the Secretary
to read the same section, mutilated, nullified,
as it has come back here from the committee
on conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the section referred to by the Sen-
ator from California.
The Chief Clerk read section twenty of the
House amendments, as follows:
That it shall not be lawful for any of the directors,
either in their individual capacity or as members of
an incorporated or joint stock company, to make any
contracts or agreements with the said Texas Pacific
Railroad Company for the construction, equipment,
or running of its road, or to have any interest therein;
and all such contracts or agreements are hereby
declared null and void, and all money or property
received under such contracts or agreements may be
recovered back for the benefit of the company by any
stockholder.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senate perceives that
the whole virtue of the section has been cut
out by the conference in leaving out the words
"incorporators" and " stockholders." As the
section now stands, it is a prohibition merely
upon the directors; but not upon the incor-
porators or stockholders. What is more easy
than for a director to have some brother or
cousin or other superservieeable tool who is a
stockholder, who can form a ring in the com-
pany, who is not prohibited from forming it,
who can serve him there better than he could
serve himself? Not prohibited, did I say ? By
prohibiting the directors, but not the stock-
holders, the section impliedly allows a ring
among the latter. Thus the section, instead of
being a protection against a fraudulent ring
in the company, is a distinct invitation to it.
IndeejJ, the section now is utterly worthless.
The prohibition upon the directors is a mock-
ery and a delusion. Under the law of trusts,
as administered in courts of equity, the di-
rector, as a trustee, is always amenable for the
class of transactions charged against this rail-
road ring or Credit Mobilier of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, for instance, or
any other. Any stockholder of the company
may have the ring and its doings overhauled
in court as against any director concerned in
it, and may compel him to disgorge for the ben-
efit of the company. My object was to do some-
thing more. I designed, by including with the
directors all stockholders and incorporators, to
forbid absolutely and certainly any rings within
the company. The Senate met me on that
ground.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will allow me, I will call his attention to
section twenty of the House amendment, page
42 of the printed bill before us, which I think
is identical with the clause in the original Sen-
ate act to which he refers. It is a part of the
bill now.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Mich-
igan is mistaken. The Secretary Iras read from
the desk the bill reported back by the confer-
ence committee of which that Senator was
chairman as to the Senate branch. I he section
is precisely as I have stated H. I have no
objection to the Secretary's reading it again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California states that the Secretary has already
read the section referred to by the Senator from
MMbr!SHOWARD. The section read by the
Secretary is, so to speak, reenacted in the
House amendments, and the Senator will find
it on page 42 of this print, section twenty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
if desired.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will step over to my
