1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
equally divided, the Chair votes in the affirm-
ative; and the amendment is agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I believe the question is now
on the passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Amendments are
still in order.
Mr. WILSON. I propose an amendment,
and if there is any opposition to it I will with-
draw it and put it on another bill. I should
• like to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows :
And he it further enacted, That the proceeds of the
sales of public lands for the three yearsnext fol-
lowing the passage of this act shall be distributed
annually to the States lately in rebellion, to aid in
establishing and supporting public schools in pro-
portion to the number of scholars between the ages
of six and sixteen years attending such schools, to
be applied under such regulations as may be made
by Congress.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection I
should like to have this provision go on the
bill. If it is objected to here I will propose
it on some other bill.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator had better
put it on some other bill. I object to it now.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it, then.
. Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the bill on
page 28, line six hundred and seventy-five,
in pursuance of previous notice, and also in
pursuance of an estimate of one of the Depart-
ments, by striking out "twenty" and insert-
ing "thirty;" so as to read, " for incidental
and contingent expenses, including wastage
and repairs, $35,000."
I will explain in a moment why the amend-
mentbecomes necessary. Heretofore all profits
of refining and parting in the Mint have been
appropriated to pay certain expenses of eon-
ducting the operations of the Mint. As the
law now stands, the profits arising from these
two sources are covered into the Treasury.
They amount to about ten thousand dollars a
year. The consequence of that is that the
appropriation necessary is $35,000 instead of
$25,000, and it is so returned in the annual
estimates; but in the House of Representatives
the mistake was made of supposing that the
law remained as heretofore, and therefore they
reduced the estimate for this item $10,000.
The attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has been called to
this subject, and I also have the letters of the
officers of the Mint, which, if this explanation
be not deemed sufficient, I will ask to have
read. I think, however, no further explana-
tion will be needed.
Mr. COLE. I shall not call for the reading
of the letters ; I have read them carefully. I
think the efficiency of the service demands
this change.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I wish to call the attention of
the honorable Senator from California to
line seven hundred and eight. After the word
"superintendent" I move to insert "$3,000;"
after the word "assayer," "$2,500;" after
the words "melterand refiner," "$2,500."
The next line is "chief coiner, $2,500." I
propose to strike out " assistant assayer, assist-
ant melter and refiner," in that line, and in the
next line, after the word "clerk," to insert
"$2,000." The honorable Senator under-
stands that this does not increase the appro-
priation for the mint at Carson City.
Mr. COLE. The proposition, as I under-
stand it, is to strike out of the bill the
words " assistant assayer, assistant melter
and refiner" and " assistant coiner," in addi-
tion to the words that have already been
stricken out, and insert in the place of them
the word "clerks," and that the amount of
the appropriation is not increased. I see by
the bill as it comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives, there is the liberty of using the ap-
propriation for the payment of these officers
without any specification as to the amonnt
that is to be paid to each; and this proposition
of the Senator fom Nevada proposes to fix
the amount of salaries without changing the
aggregate of the appropriation in the bill for
the Carson City branch mint.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Nevada will be regarded
as agreed to, unless a division is demanded.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the amendment be
reported. I do not know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
did not hear the proposition of the Senator
from Nevada exactly. He spoke in so low
a tone that the Secretary did not get all the
figures.
Mr. NYE. I will road the clause as it would
stand if amended as I propose:
For salaries of superintendent, at $3,000: assayer.
$2,500; melter and refiner, $2,500; coiner, $2,500: as-
sistant coiner and one clerk, at $2,000; and three
clerks, at $1,800 each.
And then comes the amount appropriated.
Mr. SHERMAN. My objection is that that
is intended to increase the salaries and it is
ineffective. By law a salary cannot be increased
by a mere increase of appropriation. In order
to remove any ambiguity I shall again be com-
pelled to offer the amendment I submitted yes-
terday. The salary fixed by law for superin-
tendent of this mint is less than proposed in
the amendment. This is a mode of increasing
the salary.
Mr. NYE. This is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury and saves $2,700 in
the appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. By striking off the clerks
who are provided for by law. if the new mint
bill passes the House, as it probably will, there
will be ample provision for these officers,
because that bill provides an appropriation
for carrying it into effect. There is therefore
no object in this, except setting another bad
example -of increasing a salary, in violation
of law, in an appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that the thir-
tieth rule expressly provides for amendments
of this character being offered in accordance
with any act which has passed the Senate, even
if it has not become a law. If it has previously
passed the Senate during that session, in con-
templation of its passage by both branches,
an amendment in accordance with it can be
moved.
Mr. NYE. That is precisely the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not make any point
of order, but I am putting the question to the
Senate whether they will raise the salary of
an officer in this way. We have passed a bill
which raises it, and which appropriates the
increased compensation. If that bill is passed
by the House, as a matter of course that will
be the end of it.
Mr. NYE. But suppose it does not pass
the House, I am within the rule, it having
passed this body. I will say to the Senator
that this arrangement saves $2,700 of appro-
priation.
Mr. SHERMAN. By striking out the appro-
priations for the clerks and the assistant melter
and refiner, who do the business.
Mr. NYE. Not at all.
Mr. COLE. I will state that there are three
offices abolished here for which there are sal-
aries provided by law; or at least no provis-
ion is made for them.
• Mr. SHERMAN. They will be appointed.
If the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations desires this amendment to be made
I will waive the objection.
Mr. COLE. I am not desiring it; I am
merely explaining it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The failure to make an
appropriation for these officers will compel him
in the next deficiency bill, and require him
by his oath to report an appropriation to pay
them. Suppose we fail to make an appropri-
ation for the assistant melter and refiner. The
assistant melter and refiner is still employed,
and by law is entitled to his salary, and we
shall have to make an appropriation to pay it.
The law says there shall be in that mint such
and such persons, and whether we appropriate
the money or not they will be employed, and
if we do not appropriate it now we shall have
to appropriate it next session, or we shall be
guiltv of neglecting a duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is a division
demanded by the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The question being put, a division was
called for; and the ayes were fifteen.
Mr. NYE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the amendment-be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
amend the clause on page 30, commencing
on line seven hundred and eight, so as to make
it read:
For salaries of superintendent, at $3,000; assayer
$2,500; melter and refiner, $2,500: coiner, $2,500;
assistant coiner and one elerk, at $2,000; and three
clerks, at $1,800 each.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Nevada what the effect is ?
Mr. NYE. I can explain it very briefly.
Before this mint got into operation at Carson
City, which is now doing a very successful
business, as the reports show,the salary of the
superintendent was fixed at $2,000. At the
other mints it is $3,000, and in the bill which
has passed the Senate, organizing the mints,
the salary of the superintendent is fixed at
that amount. The original bill provided for
an assistant assayer and an assistant melter
and refiner. It is found in operating the mint
that they can get along without those officers,
and I move to strike them out and fix the
salaries of the officers who are left as they are
fixed in the general mint law we have passed.
The result is to save about twenty-seven hun-
dred dollars of this appropriation. The sim-
ple question is, whether their salaries shall
be fixed as the salaries of the same officers at
other mints are, dispensing with these other
officers. I think it is a measure which com-
mends itself, as it saves nearly three thousand
dollars a year to the Government, instead of
taking money out of the Treasury.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair. Casserly, Corbett, Davis,
Gilbert, Hill, Howard, Howell, Keilogg, McDonald,
Nye. Oshorn, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Scott, Spen-
cer, Stearns, Stewart, and Thayer—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Cole, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont,
Poraeroy, Pratt, Robertson, Sherman, Sprague,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Willey—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Cameron, Catteli, Chandler, Conkling,
Cragin, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry. Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Patterson, Revels. Saulsbury. Saw-
yer, Sebura, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton.
Warner, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish the Secretary would
read the amendment which was made at the
end of the nine hundred and thirty-fifth line,
page 39.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The clause as amended,
on page 39, commencing in line nine hun-
dred and thirty-two, reads;
For photolithographing, or otherwise producing
copies of drawings of current and back issues, for use
of the office and for sale, $40,000, to be used only for
purposes not embraced in the joint resolution pro-
viding for specifications and drawings of the Patent
Office, approved January 11,1871,
Mr. WILLEY. Would it be in order to add
to that amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. WILLEY. Then I offer the two follow-
ing provisos, to be inserted after the amend-
ment just read:
Provided, That if in the judgment of the joint
