522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
ties may be exempt from taxation by general
law. The State of Ohio baa throughoutshown
every disposition to promote, maintain, and
support this great charity; and if for any cause
whatever the United States should hereafter
withdraw its support from this asylum, I have
no doubt the State of Ohio would assume it.
Why, sir, withinthirty miles, yes, within fifteen
miles of this great charity, the State of Ohio
has inaugurated another charity, not quite so
munificent as this, for the support of the chil-
dren of deceased soldiers and of those who
are helpless and improvident. Every possible
assistance will be given by the State to these
two kindred charities.
My colleague said, if I understood him, that
in party times sixteen thousand men might be
gathered into this asylum for the purpose of
controlling the elections in Montgomery county.
Why, sir, that is impossible. No one could go
there to vote unless he had a right to vote else-
where in the State of Ohio, and there could be
no motive in the world for any man to go to
this asylum merely to get the right to vote.
His going there would not confer that right
upon him. Unless, by the law and by the facts
in his case, he was entitled to vote in some
other place in the State of Ohio, he could not
vote there. This bill confers the franchise upon
no one. It simply says that the mere fact that
an old soldier has had to appeal to this charity
for a temporary home, to enable him to eke out
his existence, shall not deprive him of the right
to vote. No one who lives beyond the limits
of the State of Ohio could avail himself of the
benefit of this law.
Unless he had resided there one year he
could not vote. Anybody from the city of
New York, or from any portion of our country,
who may come to Ohio, however poor, im-
provident, or vicious he maybe, if he will live
anywhere in our State one year, is entitled to
vote. Though he can pay no taxes, though he
does not own the coat upon his back, though
he may be poor and vicious and improvident,
the constitution of the State of Ohio gives him
the right to vote. Shall it be said that he may
go anywhere else in the broad limits of our
State, and by living there one year, he may
obtain the right to vote, but if he comes to
this asylum for old soldiers he cannot acquire
there a residence and a right to vote? Sir, it
is preposterous.
Our law gives to every man above the age
of twenty-one years, poor and rich,.learned
and ignorant, without distinction and without
qualification, the right to vote, provided he has
lived in our State one year and in the county
where he seeks to vote thirty days. Shall we
deny that right alone to the disabled soldiers
of our war : to those who, without an arm or
without a leg, and upon the pensions granted
by the Government, are seeking a home in an
asylum established by the concurrence of the
United States and the State of Ohio, where
they may eke out a life already greatly im-
paired by their sacrifices for their country?
Sir, I would sweep away all these cobwebs,
all these technicalities, and I would place these
soldiers, so far as the right of voting is con-
cerned, on the same footing as other citizens.
If it was necessary to cede this land to the
State of Ohio I would cede it without question.
There is no danger that Ohio will dishonor
this trust. If it is necessary to limit in any
way the power of the managers who control
this institution, 1 would limit them without
question. Regulate it at your discretion, but
do not let that which you call an act of charity
be an act of disfranchisement. Now, when
we are every day removingthe disabilities that
rest upon persons in their right to vote, do not,
in the name of God, when you are acting in
the name of charity, dpprive the old soldiirs
who fought, underyourflag of the right to vote.
Mr. President, so far as I know, in the State
of Ohio there is a general sentiment and a
general feeling that this bill ought promptly to
pass, and that the question of doubt raised by
the supreme court of our State, and no doubt
honestly raised, upon the law, should be re-
moved, and these soldiers should be put on
precisely the same footing as other citizens of
our State. The bill which has been reported
by the Military Committee is carefully guarded,
so as not to interfere in any way with the man-
agement or direction of the asylum. There
can be no controversy and no doubt about it.
If any further legislation of the State of Ohio
is needed to give additional authority to these
managers, that legislation will be granted as a
matter of course. It has never been refused.
Indeed, in my opinion, you can trust the exe-
cution of this charity with more safety to the
people of Ohio than you can to any body of
men in the United States of America, because
they take pride in it; they see it developing;
and there is no danger at all of any misappli-
cation of the funds or of the means set apart
for its support.
I know, sir, that at this period of the ses-
sion we have occupied too much time with this
local matter. After the very able discourse of
my colleague, and the very brief reply I have
now made to him, I trust Senators will allow
us to take a vote, and pass the bill at so early
a period that the House of Representatives
may be able to concur in the amendment of
the Senate if they see proper to do so.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose to pro-
long this discussion, of which I have no doubt
the Senate is becoming tired; but some remarks
have fallen from my colleague that I must
notice. I shall be very brief, however, in my
reply.
In the first place, my colleague again calls
the attention of the Senate to the fact that in
the act of Ohio assenting to this cesbion of
territory she reserved the right of her citizens
who should become inmates of the asylum to
vote. That very proviso in the act was one of
the things which were passed upon by the
supreme court of Ohio, and the supreme court
decided, and it could make no other decision,
that the Legislature had no power to confer
the right to vote upon persons who were not
within the jurisdiction of Ohio. The moment
it was decided that this territory was outside
of the jurisdiction of Ohio that moment that
question was settled ; and no act of the Legis-
lature could confer upon them the right to
vote any more than it could confer upon the
citizens of Kentucky the right to vote.in Ohio.
That disposes of that point.
In the next place, ray colleague says the
land is not the land of the United States, but
the land of the soldiers, and that any soldier
can demand his right. It must have struck
every lawyer here with astonishment to hear
my colleague talk about these soldiers having
any rightin the land. Why, sir, they have not
even a right to admission there that can be
enforced in any court. There is no court that
would compel by mandamus this board of
managers to admit any person whatsoever as
an inmate of that asylum; and why not?
Because, as you know very well, Mr. President,
[Mr. Howe in the chair,] the power to issue a
mandamus never lies to command anybody
who has the exercise of a discretion to do
more than exercise his discretion. It may
command him to exercise his discretion, but
it cannot control his judgment or say what
shall be his decision. The board of managers
are vested with discretion to admit or not to
admit. It is a trust reposed in them, and in
them alone; and the most that any court could
do would be, if it could go that far, to com-
mand them to exercise their discretion upon
the claim of any individual to be admitted into
the asylum. But as to saying that it could
command them to admit anybody, I am sure
there is not a lawyer in this body who will
say that.
Again, this board of managers could refuse
them admission into one asylum and admit
them in another. There are asylums at Au-
gusta, Maine; Milwaukee, Wisconsin ; Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania; Newark, New Jersey:
Rochester, New York ; Baltimore, Maryland ;
New York city and Albany, New York. It
may transfer them from one to another. There
is not any power whatsoever to say to these
managers,_ "You shall admit" or even "You
shall consider whether you will admit any per-
son into the Dayton asylum." The soldiers,
then, have no interest in this land. They have
an interest in the charity, subject to the discre-
tion of these managers; and that is all they
have.
But my colleague says he regrets to pee me
endeavor to cloud this noble charity by tech-
nical reasoning. "Technical reasoning !" Is
the Constitution a technicality? I have argued
it simply upon the foundation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States and of my own State.
I have argued it purely as a legal question. I
have uttered not one word of partisanship
in it. No one could have told from hearing
me speak to which party I belonged. I have
clouded nothing. I have endeavored to re-
move clouds ; and if I have failed it has been
my misfortune, and not for the want of the
purpose. Unless my colleague thinks the Con-
stitution of his country is a technicality he can-
not charge me with technical reasoning.
But again he says that I have arraigned these
soldiers under color of the report of the man-
agers. I said distinctly that I made no state-
ment on my own responsibility ; I knew noth-
ing about it. But had I not a right to have the
report of the managers read? If these soldiers
aie arraigned, who is it that arraigns them ?
The managers. And who are the managers V
This is the report, mark it, of all the managers.
There is no minority report. If this report,
holds up these soldiers in a disadvantageous
light, who is it that does it? First, it is Ulys-
s*es S. Grant, President of the"United States.
He is one of the board of managers. Next, it
is William W. Belknap, Secretary of War. He
is another of the managers. Next it is Salmon
P. Chase, Chief Justice of the United States.
He is another of the managers. Next it is
Bexjamix F. Butlek, chairman of the board of
managers. And then it is five other citizen.,
whose names I do not know. Are they men
to blacken character? Are the President of
the United States, the Secretary of War, the
Chief Justice .of the United States, General
Bexjamix F. Butler men, or are their five asso-
ciates, whose names I do not know, men to
blacken the character of the soldiers who have
defended the country and lost their health and
become disabled in making that defense? No.
Let my colleague go to them if he wants to
censure anybody for this picture that is drawn.
Do not let him say that I, under color of their
names, have sought to blacken the mass of
these men.
_ But, again, he says that these are only excep-
tional cases; that there are drunkards in ail
classes of men; that there are drunkards even
in the Republican party. I was astonished to
hear that remark. [Laughter.] I expected to
hear what followed, that there were a great
many drunkards in the Democratic party,
because my colleague cannot very well make
a speech without abusing the Democratic party
in some way or other, unless he gets on his
favorite subject of finance, and even then he
sometimes-wanders from facts and figures to
indulge in a little rhetoric at our expense.
But he says that there are drunkards in all
classes, and that these are exceptional cases .'
Does this report speak of exceptional cases?
Does it speak of twenty-five or thirty men as
my colleague supposed? What is it the report
says? The report complains, and in that sense
alone did I use it, that these men are not per-
manent residents of the asylum ; that they are
migratory; that they resort to these shifts in
order to get their pensions, which belong to
the asylum ; that just before the payment day
comes they assume that they are able to sup-
port themselves, procure their discharges, and
then draw their pensions^ waste the money
