1348
the Congressional globe.
February 17,
Committee on Printing this work can be performed
tinder the direction of the Commissioner of Patents
more advantageously than in the manner provided
in Said joint resolution, it shall be so done: And
provided further. That the price of the printedcopies
of specifications and drawings of patents, when
uncertified, shall be determined by the Commissioner
of Patents, ten cents being hereby fixed as the mini-
mum and fifty cents as the maximum price of the
same, certified eopies to be sold at the priee fixed by
the said joint resolution.
_ The joint resolution referred to provides for
lithographing the drawings, &c., as Senators
remember, instead of printing them and pub-
lishing them in the manner heretofore prac-
ticed.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
any objection to that amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. Very well; I shall say no
more about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Verm'ont. I made an
engagement to offer an explanation of the
amendment which has been adopted on this
bill in relation to the park in this city, and
as I am obliged to leave the Senate I should
like to make it now. It will occupy about ten
minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who wants an explana-
tion ? We are all satisfied about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; some
Senators are not. I shall not occupy over ten
minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. As several amendments
remain to be proposed to this bill I think per-
haps we had better adjourn and finish the bill
to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. No, no.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
from Vermont will give way, I will move an
executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. .Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not the Senator
from Iowa let us finish this bill? It seems to
me that if we hold on to it for an hour longer
we can finish it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If I have the
floor, I believe I will say what I have to say now.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The different
parcels of public grounds embraced in the
amendment proposed by me to the bill under
consideration, with the unanimous approval
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, although not of such large extent as
other cities have obtained at vast expense, yet
seem to offer a most unexceptionable means
of contributing to the beauty and health of the
capital of the nation.
First, we own every foot of the land de-
scribed and desired for this public park, and
it is not proposed to embark in any extrava-
gant scheme of embellishment, but to lay it
out in walks and roadways, with the proper
observance of good taste, for the use of the
whole people of the city. When the different
parcels of land shall be combined and opened
to the public, the distance of the drives and
walks from the Capitol to the President's
House and back will be over three miles,
directly in the heart of the city, accessible to
the poor as well as to the rich, passing over
grounds in part already decorated by the hand
of skilled landscape gardeners, in full view of
the Potomac, and, as will be seen, naturally
furnishes a charming and most eligible site
for a park, to which public opinion has long
consecrated these grounds.
If the amendment shall pass it will take
no long time to make such connections and
improvements as will allsw, to some extent,
of the practical use of the grounds for the pur-
poses to which they are to be devoted. Sec-
ond, the whole object is to be accomplished
without taking any money out of the Treasury,
"but it is proposed to appropriate to this end
the proceeds from the sale of such vacant lots
in the city of Washington as are not necessary
to be retained for the future ornament of the
city nor for public buildings, and in addition
the northern portion of Judiciary Square,
upon which the jail now stands, but which it is
expected, with the other temporary buildings
thereon, will be removed at an early day. It is
not proposed to trench upon that portion of the
square upon which the City Hall stands; and
the land is so valuable that we may confidently
expect to realize from this square alone not less
than from four to five hundred thousand dol-
lars. House lots in this locality will be eagerly
sought, and when sold and occupied will, be-
yond doubt, increase the value of all real
estate in this neighborhood. As this square
has been for years unimproved, though occu-
pied for exceptionable purposes, it is an eye-
sore, if not a nuisance, which needs to be
abated. The square has been reserved for the
reason that it possibly might at some time be
required for the State or War Departments;
but that question having now been determined
otherwise, and the location of these Depart-
ments, as well as that of the Navy, fixed on
the square west of the President's House, it is
manifestly no longer required for any such use.
In the process of time, a century hence
perhaps, this park may become an object of
national pride and be adorned with fountains
and works of art, but it is now only proposed
to make the natural capabilities of the situa-
tion available, and that without cost; or, on
the rugged principle of making oneJiand wash
the'other, by disposing of lands we are unable
and unwilling to fence or improve in order
to inclose and utilize the remainder. What
funds are to be temporarily borrowed from the
Treasury will be refunded dollar for dollar.
On the right of us, and on the left, we suf-
fer a dreary portion of the Capitol grounds to
be used as a place of deposit for the-unsightly
rubbish of the city. We have done better by
the public garden. The Smithsonian grounds,
though carefully laid out and wisely planted,
seem to be foreign to the objects of the insti-
tution, and, if much longer neglected, most
likely to diffuse some knowledge of weeds and
briars. The grounds of the Department of
Agriculture, however, show signs of better
promise. The reservation upon which the
Washington monument stands is left a barren,
wholly neglected by man, if not by beast, and
the monument has unfortunately so broad a
base that it cannot sink out of sight, as it
would if it could, and hide its head, if it only
had a head, in shame at its own half-born
hideousness, or hideosity, perhaps my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] would say.
[Laughter.] The city of Washington is de-
prived of all control over this matter—power-
less equally to inaugurate or conduct any
change or improvement; and now-shall Con-
gress any longer act the part of the dog in the
manger, doing nothing themselves nor allow-
ing anybody else to do anything?
In relation to the mode and manner of
doing the work, notwithstanding there are
several plans already in existence or par-
tially completed of considerable merit, it has
been thought most prudent to offer a small
sum in premiums for the requisite plans, which
are to be received and decided upon by a com-
mission, selected by the Vice President and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, of
persons competent to the performance of such
work. The plan or plans so decided upon as
the best, and having the final approval of the
President, is to be in the main adopted and
gradually carried out. This will be a sufficient
guarantee that the work, when done, will be
creditable to the country, and that it will be
kept also within the range of the contemplated
means of expenditure. My only doubt is
whether the sum proposed for premiums will
not be insufficient to bring out the best class
of competitors ; but the successful competitor
may have some hope of further employment in .
furnishing working drawings for the accepted j
plan, if any such should be found necessary. |
The present time would seem to be auspi-
cious for the commencement of the work, as in
the progress of dredging the adjacent canal,
now going on, the sand taken out might go far
toward filling up the flats and shallow water in
front of the President's House, and if a con-
siderable basin should be made or left in that
locality, to be hereafter filled with pure hydrant
water, it would diminish the amount of labor
for filling up and add very much to the attrac-
tions of the park. It is likely that one fair-
sized avenue, or what may be called the grand
corso, will be centrally opened from one end ot
the park to the other and then ultimately inter-
sected by many other walks and drive-ways,
displaying the natural and artificial attractions
of the grounds, as well as the finest views
through open vistas of our public buildings
and the perpetual grandeur of the Potomac.
The fine effects by the master hand of Down-
ing in the well-arranged clumps of trees of the
Smithsonian grounds and the tasteful and sci-
entific arrangement of the grounds, with their
seventeen hundred differentspecimens of trees,
occupied by the Agricultural Department, will
not be destroyed or blotted out, but brought
more prominently into view, and only changed
at a few points where it may be necessary to
complete the symmetry of the plan which shall
embrace the whole park.
Some of the streets now crossing the pro-
posed park it may not be inconvenient to close
up, and the others it may-be expected will be
bridged, after the manner of the crossings in
the New York Central Park, so as not to ob-
struct ordinary travel or business, but yet to
i shut them off from the inside limits of the park.
It will be seen that all which is now pro-
posed amounts only to a combination and
welding together of different parcels of our
own land already set apart for kindred objects,
for a purpose which among all nations, in all
ages, and in many cities, has come to be
regarded as indispensable to the health, cul-
ture, and proper recreation of mankind. Here,
where so many are forced to lead a sedentary
life, it is more than elsewhere important that
facilities should be near at hand for open-air
exercise, a place of resort, away from ex-
pensive and vicious amusements, for men and
women and for children to preserve the force
which dwells in robust constitutions, and to
do this at times when perhaps they are them-
selves only dreaming of lounging and amuse-
ment. True, at present it is only proposed to
create the skeleton of a public park, but in
such a way that it wili increase in growth and
beauty from generation to generation, as our
country increases in the strength and magniti
cence of its proportions.
My votes are not supposed, I believe, to lag
in the rear of many others where economy it*
concerned, and I feel sure that no solid objec-
tion can be urged on the score of expense
against the measure here proposed by ilie
Committee 011 Public Buildings and Giv.ind.-;
It is not an extravagant or impracfe.iid.'
scheme, as has sometimes been proposed, Mieh
as would bo involved by going far out of the
city to buy lands, at an expense of millions
of dollars, accessible only to those possessing
horses and carriages ; but, instead, it is to take
several petty lots, directly in our midst, free
of cost, within reach of the masses, and by a
happy union give them that dignity, grace, and
beauty which will prove a blessing and a joy
forever. May I not beg for the measure the
unanimous and adhering vote of the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY'. ]« 1 he proposition for a
park now before the Senate ?
Mr. MORRILL, of V ermont. It has already
been passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I never knew a man be-
fore to make a speech on a measure that had
passed.
Mr. STEWxVRT. I desire to express my
thanks tothe Senator from Vermont for having
devised this scheme, so practicable, and at the
