1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
friend from California and show him the
section. , . ,
Mr. HOWARD. It is as plain as the nose
on a man's face.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose the written
bill in the conference report at the Secretary s
desk is the record on which we are to rely.
I asked the Secretary to read what is section
twenty of that written bill and he read it.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be found to be
identical with section twenty seven of the
original Senate bill as passed here, word for
word. . ... , .
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator Irom Michi-
gan is most certainly wrong, and I am as cer-
tainly right. The Secretary read the section
as it is in the conference report, and as it is to
be passed into a law, if the report shall be
agreed to. The section is as I described it. It
does confine the prohibition to the directors
merely, leaving the incorporators^ and stock-
holders at large to do as they see fit, and make
as many ''rings" as they please to plunder the
company to any extent they find it practicable,
for the benefit of themselves and the directors,
whom they covertly represent. I repeat let
it be again read, if, after examining the con-
ference report, the Senator from Michigan or
Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] desires. As the
reading is not pressed I will resume.
Why then did the conference committee,
having before it an honest, efficient provision
in the Senate bill, which made thoroughwork
of a great evil, leave it out and put in its
place a provision which adds no security
against the evil, nay, which sanctions it? The
truth of the matter is plain. The conference
provision is a snare, a pretense of doing some-
thing wholesome, under which, by necessary
implication of law, it permits and sanctions
1 he grossest fiaud. I will ask the Secretary
now to read the next section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read section twenty-one of the House
amendments.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
SEO. 21. That any railroad company whoso route
lic3 across the route of the Texas Pacificrailroad
may cross tho same, and for tho purpose of crossing
shall have tho right to acquire, at the double mini-
mum price, alt lands, whother of tho Unit,(id States
or granted by this act, which shall bo needed tor a
right of way two hundred loot wide through said
lands, and for depots, stations, tidc-trarks, and
other needful purposes, not osoccdina lor such pur-
poses forty acres at any one station.
Mr. CASSERLY. That section is copied,
so far as it goes, from another amendment of
mine which the Senate adopted when the hill
was here daring the last session. The amend-
ment of mine offered by me was amended on
the motion of theSenator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] and as thus amended it went into
the bill. It is adhered to with some departures
not material now to discuss. It is a significant
circumstance that with these two sections be-
fore the eyes of the Senate conferees, both
-were adopted with certain exceptions; the
first with alterations which destroy its virtue
and make it vicious; the second with changes
which do not hurt it. All this illustrates the
mode in which business is done in the cham-
bers of your committees of conference.
If I have dwelt upon this part of my sub-
ject it is because 1 have a rooted conviction
that committees of conference, as now con-
ducted, are at the best a great and growing
legislative evil. A3 to some bills they are,
erhaps, a neccssary evil. Appropriation bills,
should say, are all with respect to which a
conference can be deemed necessary. When
you commit great and much-debated measures
of legislation to conference committees, the
consequence is what we have almost always
seen, that one or the other House, ;yid oiten
each House, has much cause to be deeply
dissatisfied with the result. A conference
committee upon such measures, during the
last days of a session, nine times out ot' ten,
is the slaughter-house of all wise, just, or even
fair legislation.
I
Sir, when I contended awhile ago for liberty
to read this bill, as reported from the confer-
ence, it was because I wished, among other
things, to examine how far the reported bill
conformed to the two very necessary Senate
provisions which I have been discussing. I
wished also to examine the general frame of
the bill, and the two new sections added by
the conference. I ask the Secretary to read
the first of those sections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the additional sections proposed by
the committee of conference to be added to
the bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 22. That the New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and
Vicksburg Railroad Company, chartered by thebtate
of Louisiana, shall have the right to connect by the
most eligible route, to be selected by said company,
with the said Texas Pacific railroad at its eastern
terminus, and shall have tho right of way through
the public land to the same extent granted hereby
to tho said Texas Pacific Railroad Company; and m
aid of its construction from New Orleans to Baton
Rouge, thence by tho way of Alexandria, m said
State, to connect with the said Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company at its eastern terminus, there is hereby
granted to said company, its successors and assigns,
the same number of alternate sections of public lands
per mile, in the State of Louisiana, as aio by this
act granted in the State of California to said Pacilie
Railroad Company; and said lands shall be with-
drawn from market, selected, and patents issued
therefor, and opened for settlement and preemption
upon the same terms and in the same manner and
time as is provided for and required trom said icxas
Pacific Railroad Company within paid State of Cali-
fornia: Provided, Thatsaid company shall complete
tho whole of said road within iive years lrom the
passage of this act.
Mr. CASSERLY. Here we have a provis-
ion for a branch road in Louisiana, connecting
with the Texas Pacific. There is no objection,
perhaps, to a special provision permitting this
or any other road to connect, except that it
is unnecessary. The general section just read,
which at my instance last session the Senate
inserted in the bill, covers and provides for
all cases of connections. But there is also a
provision for a branch road which carries
with it a great land grant of forty sections,
or twenty-five thousand six hundred acres to
the mile. Were Senators aware of that who
were so pressing for a vote that they would
not allow even ten minutes to read the bill?
I ask the Senator from Louisiana to state the
probable length of this road, commencing^ ill
his State and connecting with the Texas Pacific
at its pastern terminus.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir; the committee
of conference had before them the data from
the Interior Department, showing how much
land each State had received.
Mr. CASSERLY. My question was as to
the length of the road.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think about three hun-
dred miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much land is granted
for it?
Mr. KELLOGG. For the first hundred
miles there is, I am informed, but very little
land. The Senator from California [Mr. Cas-
seuly] is mistaken in his statement as to the
quantity of land given; it is certainly not more
than half the amount lie states it to be 
Mr. CASSERLY. How that maybe no man
can certainly tell. The statement that little or
no land is to inure under a railroad grant is
often heard here. I say, sir, here is a provis-
ion for giving this road for two hundred and
ten miles of its line twenty-five thousand and
six hundred acres to the mile, or over five
million acres. Why is there no provision
for leaving this great body of land within the
State of Louisiana open to settlers, at least to
the extent of the amendment known as the
settlers' amendment, so often offered by me iti
this Senate upon railroad land-grants, and of
late so successfully?
I find a proviso, which I understand has
been retained by the committee, that the lands
granted to the main trunk company " which
shall not be sold or otherwise disposed of in
three years after the completion of the entire
road, shall be subject to settlement and pre-
emption like other lands, at a price to be fixed
and paid to said company not exceeding the
average of $2 50 per acre for all the lands
herein granted." Why was not at least that
small and imperfect measure of concession to
the public-land system of this country and its
principles embodied into the provisions for the
Louisiana branch road ? What Senator can
give any proper explanation of this ? Sir, no
man will undertake it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Was the provision that the
Senator just read in the original Senate bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. I say that the provision
for the Baton Rouge branch on the Senator's
slate, as read by the Secretary from the desk,
makes no provision whatever for leaving these
lands open for settlement in the usual manner.
If I am wrong, of course I shall be glad to be
corrected.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does the Senator pretend
to say that the House bill incorporating the
Texas Pacific does not?
Mr. CASSERLY. I want the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] to know that I "pre-
tend " nothing. I never do. If it is there, I
shall be glad to hear it; but certainly, as I heard
it read from the desk, 1 do not so understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is here expressly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I will thank the
Secretary to read it. I certainly did not so
bear it. Let it be read. It turned out that I
was right as to section twenty, against the state-
ments of two members of the Senate half of
the conference, the Seuatorfrom Michigan [Mr.
Howard] and the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Kellogg.] I am endeavoring to be right now.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
There is hereby granted to said company, its
successors and assigns, the same number of alternate
sections of public lands per mile, in the State of
Louisiana, as are by this act granted in the State of
California to said Pacific Railroad Company; and
said land shall be withdrawn from market, selected,
and patents issued therelor and opened for settle-
ment and preemption upon the same terms and in
the same manner and time as is provided for and
required from said Texas Pacific Railroad Company
within said State of California: Provided, That said
company shall complete the whole of said road
within five years from the passage of this act.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not so understand
the closing part of the section. Does the
Secretary remember whether he read that
part?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
did read it in full and was about to read the
other section when the Senator asked him to
pause.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that as re-
ferring to the Southern Pacific railroad of
California, which is a local corporation in my
State, never has been subjected to any limita-
tion in reference to its land grant, but may
take title as fast as it builds its road and hold
its lands as long as it sees fi_t._
It seems now that the Louisiana branch, like
the trunk company, may hold its lands fw
three years after the completion of its road,
which must be in five years : that is, for eight
years in all. After that any lands left undis-
posed of shall be open to settlement at an aver-
age price of not more than $2 50 an acre.
Senators appear to think that for so much we
should be thankful. Perhaps, as we get it from
a conference committee, we should regard it
as something gained. Yet, does not every man
know that it is very, very far short of what the
people demand and is their due ; very fai
short of what the Senate has impliedly as well
as expressly conceded? Expressly by putting
the settlers' amendment offered by myself on
many occasions and sometimes by other Sen-
ators, upon nearly every railroad land grant
that has passed this body since an early period
of the last session; impliedly, by refusing to
pass at this session most of the bills which did
not contain it.
What Senator now will venture to justify a
land grant to a railroad, which for eightyears,
and as many more years as Congress shall allow
in extension of the time for building the road,
ties up from the settler over five million
