1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
in riotous-living, and then comeback to the
asylum. That is the charge of the board of
managers. Is that charge made against a few
men, against twenty-five or thirty, as my col-
league would have it? Why, look at the lan-
guage. He surely never read it, or did not
listen to it when it was read. Who is it that
does this thing? The report says "great num-
bers of the men" do this thing; no twenty-five
or thirty, but " great numbers" of the men do
this thing.
Are those men, who are denounced again
and again in this report as vagabonds—I do
not say with how much good taste it is done;
1 condemn it myself; I think it is like tffat
clause which I read, in which this board of man-
agers are very "happy" to know that these
men's misfortunes grew out of their own faults,
and so of this denunciation of vagabonds—are
theyfew? No, sir. What does it say ? A few
accidental cases ? No, sir, "many;" "many
disabled soldiers are hired by the corporations
in large cities of foreigners "—musical corpor-
ations!—"who own hand-organs and hire the
soldiers at one and two dollars a day to grind ,
out their dismal sounds, and by their apparent
distress working upon the sympathies of a gen-
erous community, which ends in the owner of
the hand-organ receiving five, eight, or ten
dollars a day and the soldier two dollars."
Who says that to the Congress of the United
States in an official report? The Px'esident
of the United States, the Secretary of War,
the Chief Justice of the United States, and
General Benjamin F. Butler say that many
men do this'thing and lead the life of vaga-
bonds for the benefit of a set of owners of
hand-organs!
Now, sir, I do not say that is a true picture.
I do not deny the respectability of the mass of
the men at that asylum. I have not uttered
one word that would show the least hostile
feeling toward the asylum, for I felt none.
On the contrary, I used words of as warm
commendation of that charity as my power of
language would enable me to do. I say it is a
noble charity ; I repeat, it is a noble charity.
It is one of which every American should_be
proud. And it is because it is a noble charity,
it is because it deserves encouragement, that I
do not want you to destroy it.
But, again, my colleague says that no man
coming from abroad to that asylum can acquire
the right to vote, if I understand him. Why,
sir, that is the very question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said no one from out-
side the State except by a residence of oneyear.
Mr. THURMAN. How is that? Here in
this asylum are four hundred persons who
have come from Ohio. Some of these are
voters and some of them are not, I presume;
but how many come from the State of New
York? Six hundred and odd. How many
from the State of Pennsylvania? Nearly four
hundred; nearly as many as from the State
of Ohio. Can they go there and acquire citi-
zenship of Ohio by residing in that asylum?
The supreme court says not. Every authority
that I have read says not. The supreme
court of Massachusetts says not. Judge Story
says not. Chancellor Kent says not. Every
authority upon the subject says not; and why
not? Because the jurisdiction over that ter-
ritory is in the United States, and not in the
Slate of Ohio; and as to the-State of Ohio, it
is foreign territory.
Now, what is the effect of this? If you pass
this law, and its effect be to put every one of
these men upon the same footing with any
other immigrant coming into the State of Ohio,
you carry the right to vote to men who were
not citizens of Ohio when they went to the
asylum. Then every man who comes from any
part of the country and resides there a year
will be entitled to vote, and thus the affairs of
that great county in the State of Ohio will be
governed, ruled, and regulated, not by men
who have any interest in it, not by men who
are subject to its burdens, not by men who pay
its taxes, not by men who are permanently
interested in its welfare, but by the transient
inmates of this charity established by tlie Gov-
ernment; a charity established not for political
purposes, not for partisan purposes surely; but
established from the noblest motives that can
actuate the human heart.
One word more which I intended to say j
when my colleague remarked that this is not I
the land of the United States. If this is not
the land of the United States, what good will
his amendment do? If the United States has
no interest in this property, what can it cede to
Ohio ? Wherein will there be the least differ-
ence, after this bill passes, between the status
then and the status now, if the United States
has no interest in this land? If it has no
ownership to cede to Ohio, the passage of this
bill would be but a mere brutum fulmen. My
colleague has not seen fit to answer that ques-
tion I put it before ; I repeat it. Either the
United States has an interest in this land or it
has not; and if it has not, then the amend-
ment of my colleague can effect nothing.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is true, perhaps, that
I did not answer that point, as I did not wish
to consume time ; but I can answer it now very
briefly. In my opinion the supreme court of
the State of Ohio erred in supposing that this
land was conveyed directly to the United States.
I have read the decision. They evidently re-
garded this land as the land of the United
States, and in that view they made the decis-
ion. My answer is that the United States have
no title to the land ; the title of these managers
is indefeasible, and they may hold it as trustees.
It is true the United States have an interest
which they might enforce; but if the view of the
supreme court is right, then this bill, by which
we cede the land to the State of Ohio, will cure
the basis of that decision. If they are wrong,
as I think they are, it certainly can do no harm,
but will do good, because it will vest in the
State of Ohio whatever right the United States
may have ; it will vest in the board of managers
the legal title to this land, with the legal obli-
gation to perform the trust, and will vest in
both the United States and the State of Ohio
the right to see that this trust is fairly executed.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague is entirely
mistaken if he supposes thatthe supreme court
of Ohio did not know perfectly well in whom
the legal title was vested. I looked into the
record of this case when I was at home, about
three or four weeks ago, and into the argu-
ments in the case, and I found it distinctly
stated—I do not remember now whether it was
in the bill of exceptions or in the argument of
counsel—that the title was conveyed to the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers just as
it is in this book, this little primer that we have
had handed around to us. There was a printed
statement of all the laws that bore on the ques-
tion. But undoubtedly the supreme court^ of
Ohio did regard the property as in the United
States just as I regard it as in the United States,
and just for the same reason ; and that court
did not suppose there could be any question
about it; it was not necessary to argue any
such question, for it was too plain.
As was suggested to me by a brother Sen-
ator awhile ago, the United States could have
condemned property for the uses ot this asy-
lum, or it might have vested in a corporation
the power to condemn under the right of emi-
nent domain. Tt is solely by the exercise of
the power of eminent domain that any corpor-
ation, railroad, canal, or the like, condemns
property, and it is simply upon the theory that
the State may do through the agency of a cor-
poration indirectly what it can do directly
itself. And so, too, this very corporation, if
you had seen fit to clothe it with the power of
condemnation under the law of eminent do-
main, might have condemned property; and
to whom would the property have belonged
bufc to the United States? Could not the Con-
gress of the United States to-day pass an act
compelling these managers to make a convey-
ance of the legal title to the United States?
No one can dispute it. Could it not compel
them to convey the land back to the person
from whom it was received, if it saw fit? No
one can dispute it. What is it that this bill
proposes but to cede away the ownership of
this land to the Stale of Ohio? It is that, or
it means nothing.
I say, then, that it is so. And that brings
me simply to repeat in the fewest possible
words what I ask the Senate to consider. This
is not a local question at all. It is true, it is
of interest to the people of that county how
and by whom they shall be governed, but it
reaches far beyond that. It goes to the life of
this charity. You take from the managers of
this charity all power of military restraint or
military rule ; you take from them that power
which is exercised over every soldier of the
Army of the United States, in peace as well as
in war; you make these people subject to every
law, civil and criminal, of the State of Ohio,
and entitled to appeal to every civil court in
Ohio; you fuse them into the mass of citizens
of Ohio, make that territory simply part of the
territory of Ohio, putting them thus completely
under the civil jurisdiction of that State, de-
stroying all the military rule which you now
may lawfully impose, which you now lawfully
confer on the managers of the institution ; you
do that, and do it with this report before you,
showing that even with all the rule they have
how difficult it is to administer the charity ; do
that, and you have seen the last day when we
can boast of the National Asylum for Disabled
Soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question id
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. BAYAltD. Before the vote is taken on
this matter, I desire to express my unwilling-
ness to vote for what seems to be so plainly a
piece of self-stultification as this bill contains.
Here is a corporation under the laws of the
United States, the corporators selected by that
law, the objects of the corporation designated by
thatlaw, the funds that are to sustainitsupplied
by that law, the jurisdiction and its whole
control contained within the language of that
law ; and after.that is passed there is concur-
rent legislation on the part of the State of Ohio
permitting the law to have effect so far as the
cession of real estate within the boundaries
of that State is concerned. But here, after
declaring, as the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has in his argument, that the
United States has no title, he proposes to cedo
that which he says the United States do not
possess.
In the next place, after the cession of that
which has no existence, he declares that noth-
ing in this act shall affect the act of incorpora-
tion, on which all the power, the entire exist-
ence, of this public charity depends. If there
is not in these two propositions a complete
inconsistency, and, with due respect for those
who djrew this bill, a complete absurdity in
reason, I think it would be difficult to find it.
You here cede to the State of Ohio all the juris-
diction, and in the very same breath you retain
it for the corporation created under the laws
of the United States, because by your law you
provide that nothing shall be construed to im-
pair the powers and rights heretofore conferred
on this national corporation.
Now, what is a corporation? It is nothing
but an aggregate of certain powers. It has no
power, no existence beyond that which your
breath and your language give'it. It differs
distinctly from the natural individual, in that
it cannot do anything, whether lawful or un-
lawful, except that expressly provided by the
law of its existence. Here your bill provides
that you shall cede away the very breath from
its nostrils, the whole power of the corporation
itself, and then by a proviso declares that
nothing shall depart from it which you have
already ceded. Why, sir, the thing on its face
is an absurdity.
