1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
same time presenting a prospect of so much
utility, convenience, and pleasure as improving
these grounds will be, and especially without
any outlay. I hope it will receive, as he says,
the unanimous vote of the Senate.
, Mr. SAWYER. I have two or three amend-
ments that I desire to offer to the bill on the
part of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is quite clear
now that this bill cannot be disposed of this
evening, and there is a necessity for an execu-
tive session.
Several Senators. Let us pass the bill
to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been waiting for
four days for the Committee on Appropriations
to get through with their amendments, if they
ever do get through I desire to offer several
amendments.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not think the commit-
tee will get through if the time is taken away
from them by others.
> Mr. POMEROY. I have several amend-
ments to offer, but I desire the Committee on
Appropriations to get through with their
amendments first.
Mr. SAWYER. The amendments that I
now propose to offer will not occupy more
time than the gentlemen have taken talking
about them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
South Carolina is entitled to the floor, and de-
clines to be interrupted, the Chair understands,
and proposes to submit some amendments
from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SAWYER. On page 16 of the bill, line
three hundred and seventy-eight, in the clause
making appropriations for the Treasury De-
partment, I move to strike out " $1,000" and
insert "$1,400," so that it will read "one
store-keeper, $1,400." The recommendation
comes from the Secretary of the Treasury to
increase the salary of this officer, as he says,
in consideration of the responsibility of the
officer for a very large amount of property,
that the salary of $1,000 is entirely incom-
mensurate to the responsibility of the-officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. On page 17, after line three
hundred and ninety-four, I move to insert the
words " one assistant messenger," which is
also recommended in very strong terms by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. On page 34, in the appro-
priations for the Department of the Interior,
line eight hundred and four, after the words
"chief clerk," I move to strike out all down
to the word " four," in line eight hundred and
seven, and to insert in lieu thereof "Pour
heads of divisions, at $2,000 each." This is
based upon a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the effect of it?
Mr. SAWYER. It is to have four heads
of. divisions, at $2,000 each.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. What do they get now?
Mr. SAWYER. They do not get anything.
They are not there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You are putting in four
new heads of divisions?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir, in the Secretary's
office in the Interior Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know about
the necessity of it. It seems to me very strange
that there should be such a necessity.
Mr. SAWYER. We have not only a large
amount of verbal matter 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt the
Secretary asks for it, but is the committee sat-
isfied that it is a necessity to make an increase
at this time of four heads of divisions in the
Interior Department when the business of the
country as we all know is diminishing?
Mr. SAWYER. I will state that in sub-
stance the communications on this subject say
that the force in the Secretary's office has not
been increased since the organization of the
Department. That it is precisely the same
now as it was then. That these four heads
of divisions are necessary to the economical
administration of the business of the Depart-
ment. That it is impossible on the report
which was first made by the Committee on
Appropriations on this subject to get along
with the public business. The committee
had proposed to detail four fourth-class clerks
from the various bureaus of the Department
to perform this service. The Secretary came
to us and represented that that would not
answer; that it.was impossible to detail these
clerks from the various bureaus, for they could
not be spared from those positions, and it was
his very earnest desire that this proposition
should be adopted. I have no other interest
in it except the belief that the Secretary of
the Interior represents the actual necessities
of the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to oppose a
thing I know so little about; but I certainly
am astonished when the Senator tells us that
there are no heads of divisions there. I sup-
posed there were thirty heads of divisions in
the Interior Department now.
Mr. SAWYER. None at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tkey may not be under
that name, bat the Department is divided into
divisions and each division has a head. We
all know that. How can it be, I submit to
the Senator from South Carolina, that now
when the pension business and the other busi-
ness of the Interior Department is less than it
was, when the business is diminishing from
what it was during the war, that we should
now require four heads of divisions in this
Department? I do not understand it.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator will under-
stand that the business of the office of the Sec-
retary of the Interior is that which perhaps
falls under no one of the particular bureaus,
pensions, patents, land-office, or Indian affairs;
but that the Secretary of the Interior's office is
a sort of common reservoir for everything in
the Government that does not belong anywhere
else. The business of that office has certainly
quadrupled in amount since the Department
was established in 1849; and yet the actual
force to-day in the Secretary's office is pre-
cisely the same as it was at the organization,
and whenever they have been deficient in help
there, they have had to take clerks from the
other bureaus of the Department. I have no
interest in this matter, as I have remarked,
and know nothing of it, any more than I derive
from the Secretary himself.
Mr. THAYER. It is evident we cannot
finish this bill to-night. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
amendment of the Senator from South Car-
olina, the Senator from Nebraska moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall be allowed to
get through with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable if the Senator insists upon it.
Mr. THAYER. I do.
Mr. COLE. I ask for a division on the
motion.
The question being put, there were—ayes
twenty-two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Twenty-two is
believed to be a sufficient number. Is a further
count insisted upon ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is ::
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After twenty-three min-
utes spent in executive session, the doors were jj
reopened; and (at five o'clock and forty-seven ||
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned. l!
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 17, 1871.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Pi'ayer
by the Chaplaiu, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
POTOMAC KIVBli LIGHT-HOUSE.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported
back a bill (H. It. No. 2738) for the construc-
tion of a light-house on the Potomac river at
Shipping Point; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
SHIP-OWNERS OF TIIB UNITED STATES.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions of the Legislature of
Massachusetts, in favor of the ship owners of
the United States; which were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
DULUTII HARBOR.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, asking an appropriation
for the harbor at Duluth; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE OS PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to make some reports from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands. The committee
had five joint resolutions to report, similar
in purpose, but only one was passed before
the expiration of the morning hour. They
relate to some land in the middle ground of
Saginaw river. The people living upon the
shore supposed that they owned to the middle
ground, and they went on to make improve-
ments accordingly. We propose to give them
title on payment of $100 each. I ask leave
to make those reports now.
There was no objection.
A PPL ETON STEVENS.
Mr. STRICKLAND, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, reported back House
joint resolution No. 282, directing the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue
a patent to Appleton Stevens, of Portsmouth,
Bay county, and State of Michigan, conveying
to the said Stevens the land described in said
resolution, with an amendment.
The preamble recites that whereas Apple-
ton Stevens is in possession of the following-
described land, t,o wit: all that certain piece
or parcel of land lying in fractional section
four, township thirteen north of range five
east, in Bay county, State of Michigan, being
a part of the middle ground in Saginaw river,
and described as follows: commencing at the
point where the north line of fractional lot
number seven in said section four would, if
extended, intersect the east bank of said middle
ground, running thence south two degrees
west along the east bank of said middle
ground four hundred and forty-four feet,
thence wot three hundred feet to the center
of said middle ground, thence north two de-
grees, east four hundred and forty-four feet
to the north line of lot number seven, thence
east three hundred feet to the place of begin-
ning, being four hundred and forty-four feet
frontage on the east channel of Saginaw
river, and running back to the center of the
middle ground, and containing three and six
hundredths acres, be the same more or less,
and has improved said land by making great
and valuable improvements thereon of great
value, namely, of the value of $20,000; and
whereas said land is in the Saginaw river, in
the State of Michigan, and known as middle
ground; and whereas said Stevens and his
grantors owned the land on the shore or bank
of said river, opposite the said above-described
land, and supposing and believing that he was
the legal owner of said land he proceeded to
