1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
from Rhode Island, who is always so kind and
wise, that we shall do our business better if
we take an hour to go out and get refresh-
ments.
Mr. ANTHONY. Call it half an hour.
Several Senators. No; an hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. We cannot get down to
our lodgings and come back in an hour.
Mr. CAMERON. We can go out in the
neighborhood here and come back.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we go out all at once
the restaurants will not accommodate us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island, that the order for a recess to-day be
rescinded.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the conference report on
the Post Office appropriation bill. The Chair
repeats to the Senate that most of the appro-
priation bills cannot be considered by the
House of Representatives until the Senate
have acted on them, nor can the clerks com-
mence enrolling them until both Houses have
acted on them. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SPRAGtJE. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] requested me to occupy his
seat, and to urge upon the Senate the necessity
of proceeding with the civil or miscellaneous
appropriation bill. He has seen and the Sen-
ate have observed that the introduction of con-
ference committees' reports is a cause of delay,
and that until we can get out of the way all the
appropriation bills which have t^een regularly
reported it is not proper that these conference
reports should take up the time of the Senate.
I insist upon proceeding with the regular order
of business. A conference committee belongs
to the Senate, to bo sure; but here is a bill
which the Committee on Appropriations are
specially charged with, and the Senator from
California requested me to stay here and ob-
tain the sanction of the Senate to its consider-
ation. I ask the Senate, therefore, to stand
by the Committee on Appropriations, repre-
senting myself as the acting chairman, until it
is disposed of and it goes in its proper place.
Mr. SHERMAN. A brief statement will
show the importance of the motion I make.
This appropriation bill is pending now and is
the unfinished business;'but it is important to
expedite action upon the reports of committees
of conference, so that they may be sent to the
House of Representatives and acted upon there,
and the enrollment of the bills go on. When-
ever a conference report is made it should
be acted upon by the two Houses, so that the
enrolling clerks may proceed with the business.
I hope we shall dispose of this report, and then
take up the conference report on the Army
appropriation bill, thus finishing those two bills,
which will then be out of the way and can bo
placed in the hands of the enrolling clerks.
While they are enrolling them we can proceed
with the sundry civil bill. I assure the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island that it is the desire of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions—at least, it has been so expressed to me—
that these conference reports should be out of
the way.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we could take up this
conference report and vote upon it without
debate 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to debate it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is the general
agreement that we shall act on it without de-
bate, I will consent to take it up. Otherwise
I will stand by the proposition of my colleague
to go on with the general appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is evident that the
Post Office appropriation bill cannot be dis-
posed of without debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Illinoitj debate it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say something
upon it. There is an amendment there making
the Government of the United States respons-
ible for the whole expense of the change of
the Newport and Cincinnati bridge, fixing the
measure of damages, prescribing how they
are to be measured, not only rendering the
Go vernmen t liable; and such a bill should not
be permitted to pass the Senate without being
understood.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now that the Senator
from Illinois has explained it, is he willing to
let it go without debate ; and is the Senator
from Ohio willing to let it go without debate?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois is certainly mistaken. It refers the case
to the Supreme Court to settle certain prin-
ciples of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It fixes a rule of dam-
ages binding on the court.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only after the Supreme
Court have found two questions of law.
Mr: TRUMBULL. But, then, the rule of
damages is fixed by the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to Senators that debate on the merits of
the conference report is not in order on a motion
to proceed to its consideration.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire the consent of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
to call up a small bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives which can be passed iu a minute.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio that
the sundry civil appropriation bill, being before
the Senate, be laid aside for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the confer-
ence report on the Post Office appropriatien
bill.
The motion was agreed; to there being, on a
division—ayes 29, noes 10.
MESSAGE FROM TUE IIOOSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Li.oyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills:
A bill (S. No. 1181) to provide for the re-
demption of copperand othertoken coins ; and
A bill (S. No. 1213) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 109) to revive the
grant of lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Selma to Gadsden, in the State
of Alabama, and to confirm the same to the
Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company,
with amendments in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3090) to remove political
disabilities from John H. Halley, Jasper coun-
ty, Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 2870) to appoint an ap-
praiser for the port of Galveston, Texas, and
for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3088) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2791) for the relief of
Benjamin Vanniman, of Greene county, Ohio ;
A bill (II. R. No. 3083) granting a pension
to Frances A. Oster ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3084) granting a pension
to Cordelia C. Dougherty;
A bill (H. R. No. 3085) granting a pension
to Rosannah Allason;
A bill (H. R. No. 3086) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg;
A bill (II. R. No. 3089) to establish new post
routes in Illinois, Indiana, and Alabama; and
A bill (H. R. No. 741) granting a pension to
Mrs. Elizabeth York, widow of Shubal York,
late surgeon of the fifty-fourth regiment Illi-
nois volunteer infantry.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following en-
rolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President :
A bill (S. No. 762) for the relief of Joseph
Ormsby;
A bill (S. No. 799) for the relief of Anna
M. Howard;
A bill (S. No. 1327) to create ports of deliv-
ery at Eureka and Wilmington, in California,
and provide for appointment of deputy col-
lector at Vallejo, California, and to abolish
the office of surveyor of said port;
A bill (S. No. 1356) to amend an act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights;
A bill (S. No. 866) for the relief of Mary
F. Prindle;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 292) to amend
a joint resolution relating to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States, ap-
proved December 23, 1869;
A bill (H. R. No. 1718) for the relief of
A. A. Vance, postmaster at Morristown, New
J ersey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1999) granting a pension
to Maria Pratt;
A bill (H. R. No. 2615) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30,,1872, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3071) for the relief of
Logan H. Roots, late collector of internal
revenue for the first district of Arkansas ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2860) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense;
A bill (H. R. No. 2906) for the recovery
of damages for the loss of the sloop-of-ivar
Oneida;
A bill (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
grade of Maryland avenue from the end of
Long Bridge to Twelfth street;
A bill (H. R. No. 2396) for the relief of
James J. Hiles, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3048) to authorize the
establishment of certain free public highways
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2095) for the relief of
John W. Massey:
A bill (H. R. No. 2331) granting a pension
to Rachel W. Huston ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2334) granting a pension
to Adam Correll;
A bill (H. R. No. 3014) supplementary to
an act to authorize the extension, construc-
tion, and use of a lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company in, to,
and within the District of Columbia, approved
February 5, 1867 ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 520) to amend
section four, act of July 20, 1868.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report
of the committee of conference on the bill
(H. R. No. 2579) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not my purpose to
occupy more than five or six minutes of the
time of the Senate about this question, and
they shall be devoted to explaining why I shall
vote to agree to the report.
I concur in almost everything that was said
by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
this morningonthe subjectof theright ofCon-
gress to require an alteration in the plan of the
bridge without the United States being liable
for damage. To my mind it is a perfectly
