1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
make, or cause to be made, the said improve-
ments on said land. And then it is resolved
that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is authorized and. directed to issue to
Appleton Stevens, of Portsmouth, Michigan,
a patent conveying the above-described land
upon the payment into the said land office by
said Stevens of the sum of .
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
Add as follows:
One hundred dollars: Provided, That nothing
herein shall be construed to confer title beyond a
line drawn through said island northerly and south-
erly, that being the middle of the river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and
JOSEPH R. HITCHCOCK, ETC.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, from the same
committee, reported back a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 263) directing the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to issue a patent to
Joseph R. Hitchcock and Benjamin F. Beck-
with, of Bay City, Bay county, and State of
Michigan, conveying to the said Hitchcock
and Beckwith the land described in said reso-
lution, with an amendment.
The preamble recites that whereas the said
Hitchcock and Beckwith are in possession of
the following described lands, to wit: all that
certain piece or parcel of land lying in frac-
tional section thirty-two, in township fourteen,
north of range five east, in Bay county, State
of Michigan, being a part of the middle ground
in Saginaw river, and described as follows:
commencing at a point on the east bank of
said middle ground two hundred and eight feet
north of the south line of said section thirty-
two, running thence west five hundred feet to
the center of middle ground, thence north five
degrees east along the center line of said mid-
dle ground three hundred feet, thence east five
hundred feet to the east bank of said middle
ground, thence south five degrees west along
the east bank of said middle ground three
hundred feet to the place of beginning, being
three hundred feet frontage on the east chan-
nel of Saginaw river and running back to the
center of the middle ground, and containing
three and forty-two hundredths acres, be the
same more or less; and have improved said
land by making great and valuable improve-
ments thereon of great value, namely, of the
value of $20,000; and whereas said lands are
in the Saginaw river, in the said State of
Michigan, and known as middle ground ; and
whereas said Hitchcock and Beckwith and
their grantors owned the laud on the shore or
bank of sai.d river opposite the said above-
described land, and supposing and believing
that they were the legal owners of said land,
they proceeded to make, or caused to be made,
the said improvements on said land; the joint
resolution provides that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office is authorized and
directed to issue to Joseph R. Hitchcock and
Benjamin P. Beckwith a patent conveying
to said Hitchcock and Beckwith the above-
described lands upon the payment into the
said Land Office by said Hitchcock and Beck-
with of the sum of .
The amendment of the committee is the
same as to the preceding joint resolution.
The amendment was agreed to; and, as
amended, the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and be-
ing engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
ALBERT MILLER.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a similar
amendment, joint resolution (H. R. No. 2G4)
directing the Commissioner of the Geueral
Land Office to issue a patent to Albert Mil-
ler, of Portsmouth, Bay county, and State
of Michigan, conveying to the said Miller the
lands described in said resolution.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
joint resolution, as amended, was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
ALEXANDER C. AND DAVID B. RORISON.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the same amend-
ment, joint resolution (H. R. No. 265) direct-
ing the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue a patent to Alexander C. Ror-
ison and David B. Rorison, of Portsmouth,
Bay county, State of Michigan, conveying to
the said Alexander C. Rorison and David B.
Rorison the lands described in said resolution.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the
joint resolution, as amended, was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and
JOHN WILLIAMSON.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee on Reconstruction
to ask the passage of the bill (S. No. 1306)
to relieve the disabilities of John Williamson.
Williamson's name was in the bill which
passed last session, and was dropped out by
accident, not by the design of any party. He
was elected by his fellow-citizens, everybody
supposing that his disabilities were removed,
to a small local office. The Senate has taken
the case out of the rule and passed the bill
almost if not quite unanimously, and I am
directed unanimously by the select Committee
on Reconstruction to ask that the bill be taken
from the Speaker's table and put upon its
TheClerk read the titleof the bill, asfollows:
A bill (S. No. 1306) to relieve John Williamson, of
Savannah, Georgia, of a]l legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States, and for oth er
purposes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like to know
what is included in the expression " for other
purposes." That is a very comprehensive
expression.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read in
full, after which objections, if any, will be in
order.
The bill was read, as follows :
# Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives. &c., (two-thirds of each Hou«e concurring there-
in,) That all legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, by reason of participation in
the late rebellion, be, and they are hereby, removed
from John Williamson, of Savannah, Georgia.
Mr. WOOD. I think there can be no
objection to that.
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
Mr. KBLSEY. I demand the regular order.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole for the consid-
eration of the Army appropriation bill; and
pending that motion I move that when the
House shall resolve into committee all gen-
eral debate on the bill be closed in thirty
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
make a statement. He had an understand-
ing yesterday with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr, Dickey] which, from the hurry
of business immediately prior to the adjourn-
ment, entirely escaped his recollection. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania who has charge
of the Army appropriation bill had given
notice that he would move that the House
take a recess for an evening session for the
consideration of that bill. At the moment
of adjournment the Chair did not remember
the arrangement, and he regrets that members
were deprived of an evening session in con-
sequence of the forgetfuluess of the Chair.
Mr. ALLISON. We regret it very much.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We are very much
obliged to the Chair for his forgetfulness.
The question was on the motion that all
general debate be closed in thirty minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] desires to make an
hour's speech on this bill. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] will allow
him the opportunity of making that speech
we will not demand any further time.
Mr. DAWES. I proposed to give two and
a half hours for general debate last night.
Mr. DICKEY. I am willing to give the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] the
whole of the half hour except five minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want fif-
teen minutes.
The question being taken on the motion
that all debate be closed in thirty minutes, it
was agreed to—ayes 74, noes 47.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1051) for the relief of
John R. Bennett, late registrar at the land
office at Chatfield, Minnesota.
EXPENSES OF NINTH CENSUS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, in relation to an appropriation.
of $1,250,000, to meet the expenses of taking
the ninth census; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
NAVIGATION OF JAMES RIVER.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, inclosing a proposed bill
for the regulation of vessels proceeding up the
James river in the State of Virginia; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ii. c. hale.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to an appro-
priation of $7,553 *14 for a deficiency to pay
outstanding indebtedness incurred by sub-
Agent H. C. Hale during his administration
of the Tulalip Indian agency, Washington Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN SERVICE IN MONTANA.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior in relation to an appro-
priation of $2,343 50 for expenses incurred
and supplies furnished for the Indian service in
Montana from the lCcli of June, 1868, to the
1st of July, 1869; which was referred to the
Committee oa Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
EASTERN CIIEltOKEES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, requesting an appro-
priation for the benefit of the Eastern Chero-
kees; which was referred io the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DICKEY. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole oa
the Array appropriation bill.
1 he motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. (Mr. Guifibld, of Ohio, in the chair,)
for the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. It. No. 2816} making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
