526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3.6,
of the United States court, custom-house and
post office at Key West, Florida; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
eemoval of political disabilities.
Mr, HAMILTON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2771) to remove the political disabili-
ties-of certain persons therein named, citizens
of Florida ; which was read a first and_ second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
public building at jacksonville.
Mr. HAMILTON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2772) to provide for a building for the
use of the post office, custom-house, United
States court, and internal revenue offices at
Jacksonville, Florida; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
MRS. LIZZIE M0WEK.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a bill (H.
R,. No. 2773) increasing the pension of Mrs.
Lizzie Mower, widow of the late Major General
Joseph A. Mower, United States Army; which
was readafirstand second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to he printed.
judicial districts in texas.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2774) to divide the State of
Texas into two judicial districts; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
newton knight and others.
Mr. WHITMORE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2775) for the relief of Newton Knight and
other citizens of Mississippi therein named;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered '.a be printed.
confirmation of title.
Mr. McORARY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2776) confirming the title to certain lands;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
ann w. gilmork.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE (in behalf of Mr. Alli-
kos) introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
458) for the relief of Ann W. Gilmore; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
IlliNRY II. IIOYT.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 2777) for the relief of Henry H.
iloyt, late of the fifth regiment Wisconsin vol-
unteer infantry; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
JOSEPH s. WILSON.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2778) making compensation to Joseph S.
Wilson for collecting the scientific museum at
the General Land Office; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
fottt crook reservation.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2770) to restore the Fort Crook military
reservation, in the State of California, to the
public domain: which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
william KBLLY.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2780) for the relief of
William Kelly, captain eighth United States
cavalry; which was read a first and second
time, and. with the accompanying papers, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
colorado canal company.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2781) granting the right of way and lands
to the Colorado Canal Company; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
RED river of tiib north.
Mr. SPINK presented the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation to remove
obstructions in the Red River of the North; '<
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
public buildings at pembina. i
Mr. SPINK also presented the memorial of j
the Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory, j
asking Congress for an appropriation to erect j
a suitable building for a custom-house, post- j
office, and United States court at Pembina, j
in the-said Territory; which was referred to ;
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered .
to be printed. i
pay of territorial officers. j
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2782) to equalize and fix the
salaries of the Governors and secretaries of
the Territories of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
pay of idaho judges.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2783) to fix the pay of the supreme judges of
Idaho Territory; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
railroad land grants.
Mr. CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2784) incorporating the Cheyenne, Iron
Mountain, and Helena Railroad Company, and
granting public lands in the Territories of
Wyoming and Montana to aid in the construc-
tion thereof; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
land entries in montana,.
Mr. CAVANAUGH also introduced a bill
(H. It. No. 2785) relating to the entry of pub-
lic lands in the Territory of Montana ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
new york and washington railroad.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolu-
tions to be presented for consideration at the
present time. The call rests at the State of
New York.
:j The pending measure is the bill introduced
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kel-
i sey,] on Monday last, to authorize the building
II of a military and postal railway from Washing-
jj ton, District of Columbia, to the city of New
Ij York. At the close of the morning hour last
|| Monday the Clerk was engaged in the reading
i; of the bill, which he will now complete.
11 The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
ij The SPEAKER. The question is, "Will
ji the House grant leave for the introduction
|j of the bill?"
11 Mr. ARCHER. Ou that question I call for
j! the yeas and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
;i The question was taken ; and it was decided
j the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 78, not voting
ji 41; as follows :
ii YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
neli, Asper, Atwood,Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bearnan,
Beatty, Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd, George M. Brooks,Buck, Buckley, Burehord,
Burdett, Cessna, Churchill, WilliamT. Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cowles, Cullom, Darrall, Degener, Joseph Dixon,
i Donley, Bla, Eldridge,Ferriss, Pinkelnburg, Fisher,
| Fitch. Garfield, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Haw-
1 ley, Ilay, Hays, Hoar, Hog©, Holmes, Ingersoll,
Alexander H. .Tones. Judd. Julian, Kelscy, ICnapp.
Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy Mo-
Crary, McGrew, McKee. McKenzie, Mercur, Morey,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrcll, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perc*1,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy. Porter, Prosser,
Rainey, Roots, Sanf'ord, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, John A.Smith, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Wilson, Witcher, and Wolf—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Heck,
! Benjamin, Bird, JamesBrooks, Buffmton, Burr,, Hen-
> jaminF. Butler, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dawes, Dick -
i inson, Dox, Duke, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan,
' Gri&wold, llaiglil, Hahluman, Hale, Hamill, Hill,
j Holman, Hooper, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kel-
i ley, Kellogg. Kerr, Ketchain, Knott. Laflin. Lewis.
i Manning, Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick, Jk-
! Neely, Eliakim JI. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Myers,
Negley. Niblack, O'Neill. Packer. Poland. Potter.
' Randall, Reeves, Itice, Rogers, Scnumaker, bher-
j rod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Stiles. Stone, Swann, Sweeney,
! Taylor,Trimble,Twichell.Van Auken, Van 'irump,
j Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, Wells, Eugene
, JI. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—78,
1 NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Axtell, Ayer,
j Benton, Biggs, Booker, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
j Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Dickey, Nathan
] F. Dixon, Doekery, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth,
: Perry, Hambleton, Heflin, Hotehkiss. Jenelies,
j Lash, Logan, Lynch, Milnea, Jesse H. Moore,
! William Moore, Newsham, Lionel A. Sheldon.
I Porter Sheldon, Slocurn, Strader, Sypher. Taffe,
! Voorhees, Ward. Wheeler* Wilkinson, Winans.
! and Woodward—41.
Leave was accordingly granted.
;; During the call of the roll,
ij Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, said: On this
ii question I am paired with Mr. Hambleton,
!i of Maryland. If he were here he jvould vote
!: in the negative, and I would vote in the aSirm-
j' ative.
! 1 Mr. ELDRIDGE, (having first voted in the
negative.) I desire to change my vote, for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration. I now
vote "ay.M
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
I vote by which the House granted leave for
j: the introduction of the bill.
i! Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the motion
lj to reconsider on the table.
jj Mr. ELDRIDGE. And on that motion I
!i call for the yeas and nays.
!| The yeas and nays were ordered.
|| The question was taken ; and it was decided
; in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 79, not voting
Ij 48 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Al-ison. Ambler, Armstrong-,
;i Arnell. Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bea-
.! man, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair. Bowen,
ii Boyd, George M. Brook?, Buck, Buckley, Burchard,
,| Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton
j L. Cobb, Ooburn, Conger,Cook, Cowles, Cullom, Dar-
1 j rail, Donley, El a, Fei riss.Finkelriburg, Fisher, Fitch,
;i Garfield, Hamilton, flams, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
i' Hays, Hefiin, Hoge,Holmes, Ingersoll, Alexander!!.
,1 ./ones, Judd, Julian, Kclsey, Knapp, Lawrence,
;i Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, MeCrary,
I McGrew, McKenzie. Mercur. Morey, Morphis, Daniel
■ | J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Orth, rack-
i! ard, Paine. Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
•I Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Roots, San -
! { ford, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, John A,
I! Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stoughton,
" Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace. Ward, Cadwala-
der C.Washburn, Welker, Whitmore, Willard, Wil-
liams, Witcher, and Wolf—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Benjamin, Bird, Buffmton, Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dawes, Dickinson, Dox, Duke, Eldridge,
, Farnsworth, Fox, Gerz, Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold,
;i Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill, Hill, Holman,
!j Hooper, Johnson, Thomas h. Jones, Kelley, Kel-
l\ logg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Laflfn, Lewis, Man-
|;ning, Marshall, Mayham, MoCormick, McNeely,
Sj EHakim H. Moore, Morgan, Munjren, Myers, Nih-
il lack, O'Neill, Packer, Poland, Potter, Ilnndall,
\ Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Joseph
j; S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stiles,
Stokes, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, Trim bit .
j Twichell, Van Auken, Van. Trump, Van \Vyck,Wil •
liam B. Washburn, Winchester, and Wood—79.
■j NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ayer, Benneti.
jj Biggs, Boles, Booker, James Brooks, Burdett, Cake,
ij Calkin, Sidney Chirko, Cleveland, Degencr, Dickey,
ii Joseph Dixon. Nathan F. Dixon, Doekery, Duv.i),
'} Dyer, Ferry, Hambleton, Hoar, Hofcchkiss, Jenckc«,
|| Lash, Logan, McKee, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Wil-
li liam Moore, Neerley, Ncweb&ui, Lionel A. Sheldon,
i: Porter Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Stevenson, Strader,
ij Sypher, Taffe, Voorhees, Well?, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
