1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
Eugene M. Wilson, John 'I'. Wilson, "\Tinans, and
W oodward—48.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
Accordingly, the bill (H. R. No. 2788) to
authorize the building of a military and postal
railway from Washington, District of Colum-
bia, to the city of New York was received, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The SPEA.KER. The morning liour has
expired, and this bill goes over to the morn-
ing hour of Monday next.
representatives from georgia.
Mr. PAINE. I again present the credentials
of three members-elect from the State of Greor
gia, namely, Marion Bethune, from the third
congressional district; William P. Pr|ce,from
the sixth congressional district; and P. M. B.
Young, from the seventh congressional dis-
trict. I move that they be now sworn in.
Each member of the Committee of Elections
has examined the credentials, and is satisfied
that they are sufficient to justify the House in
swearing in the'members. They are not in all
respects formal, so as to comply with the law
which regulates the action of the Clerk in
making out the roll of members at the com-
mencement of a Congress; but they are, in
the judgment of the committee, sufficient to
authorize the House to permit the gentlemen
to be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
allowing the three gentlemen whose creden-
tials are presented by the gentleman from Wis-
consin [JJr. Paixe] to be sworn in ?
There being no objection, Mr. Wilt.iam P.
Price, Mr. P. M. B. Youxa,and Mr. Maui ox
Bethune presented themselves, and were duly
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by the
act of July 11, 1808.
charges against a member.
Mr. LAFLIN. 1 ask unanimous consent to
present, for reading, publication in the Globe,
and reference to the appropriate committee, a
respectful memorial signed and sworn to by
Hugh J. Hastings, esq., editor of the New
York Commercial Advertiser, containing an
unqualified denial of an alleged disgraceful
affidavit of retraction read in the House on
Tuesday last.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
request of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Laflix?]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope to
have an opportunity to make some remarks on
this subject, if I should deem any necessary,
after the memorial has been read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the reading of the memorial. Before
it is read, however, the Chair will recognize
several gentlemen who were out of their seats
when their States were called, and who wish to
introduce bills, joint resolutions, &c.
donation of condemned ordnance.
Mr. KELLEY, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. II. No.'158-J)grant-
ing condemned ordnance and balls for the
embellishment of the cemetery lot of the Lin-
coln Institution of Philadelphia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
oath of office.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a jointresolution (H. R. No. 459) repeal-
ing the act of July 2, 1862, prescribing an oath
of office; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstrsi3tion.
presidio reservation, california.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EL R. No. 2786) to relinquish the
interest of the United States in a'portion of
the military reservation known as the "Pre-
sidio," in the State of California and the city
and county of San Francisco, for a public park,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
peter a. lantz.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2787) for the relief of
Peter A. Lantz, late first lieutenant of the thir-
tieth regiment United States infantry; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
printing of a report.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That fifty thousand extra copies of re-
port No. 6 ot the present session of the Committee
on the Publie Lands be printed for the use of the
House.
indians ix michigan amd indiana.
Mr. PACKARD. I ask unanimous consent
that the memorial of certain Indians residing
in Michigan and Indiana, presented by me
to-day, be ordered to be printed, and also the
bill on the same subject introduced by me a
few days since.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
reimbursement to missouri.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, by unanimous con-
sent, the Committee on Revolutionary Clarais
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2395) to refund interest
paid by the State of Missouri on money ex-
pended by her on account of the war for the
suppression of the rebellion; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
election contest boyden* ys. sliobkr.
Mr. McCIlARY. On behalf of a sub-com-
mittee of the Committee of Elections, I pre-
sent a report on the case of Nathaniel Boyden,
contesting the seat of Hon. Francis E. Sho-
ber as a member of this House from the sixth
district of North Carolina. I give notice that
I shall call up the case for action at an early
day.
The resolutions reported by the committee
were read, as follows :
Jleaolved, That Nathaniel Boyden is not entitled
to a seat, in this House as a Representative from the
sixth district of North Carolina. .
Jiesolved. That Francis E. Sliober is entitled to
retain his seat in this House a  a Representative from
said district. . ■ i it n • i t> j
Jieaolved, That there bo paid to Nathaniel Boyden,
out «f the contingent fund of the House, the suui
of $1,000, in full for his expenses in contesting the
seat of Hon. Francis E. Shober as a Representative
from the said district of North Carolina.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Bab-
cock, one of his Secretaries, which announced
11 that he had, on January 14, approved and
signed a bill (H. R. No. 2209) to carry into
effect the decree of the circuity court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York in the case of the schooner L. S. Davis
and her cargo.
custom-house, new york.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent that
the following preamble and resolution be re-
ceived and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I also ask that they be printed.
The Cleik read as follows:
Whereas the Secretary of the Treasury under date
of July 11, 1870, communicated information to this
House, in response to a resolution as to New 1 ork
custom-house matters, dated June 27, 18(0; and
whereas in the communication of the becretary
appeared two letters, enumerated therein as i-/X-
hibit No. 5, copies of two letters from the Secretary
of the Treasury to the collector at New x ork,dated
the 1st and 9th ultimo, respectively, in.which it is
requested that the 'general order business pe re-
stored to the bonded warehouses at Jersey City and
Hobokcn;" and whereas the request made by the
Secretary has not been complied with, by the col-
lector, greatly to the injury of commerce, notwith-
standing the following appeal was made by the mei-
chants of New York to the collector:
New York City, October 20,1870.
Hon. Thomas Murphy,
Collector of Customs at the Port of New Yorks
The undersigned, merchants of this city, hereby
desire to represent to the honorable collector that
several months since, on their petition, presented to
the Government authorities through the courtesy
o.f Hon. M. H. Grinnell, then collector, a thorough
investigation was instituted by officers of the United
States Treasury Department into all the circum-
stances and facts bearing upt.n the question of tho
continuance of the general order business at the
bonded warehouses on the New Jersey shore, at the
piers of the Cunard, Bremen, and Hamburg linos of
steamships.
The undersigned having then expressed a prefer-
ence for the continuance of that business at the piers
mentioned, and having taken great pains to present
to the honorable Secretary of tho Treasury, and to
tho late collector, their reasons for such preference,
were gratified when apprised by the official letters
of the honorable Secretary, under dates of June 1
and 9 last, (copies of which are annexed,) that the
request made in the interest of commerce was not
inconsistent with security to the Government.
Since the honorable Secretary has advised com-
pliance with it, we now most respectfully renew our
request, and rely upon an immediate restoration to
the commerce of this port of this essential feature
of convenience and economy.
Phelps, Dodge k Co., Jansson, Schmidt k Ru-
Paton k Co., pert,
S. B. Chittenden k Co., H. B. Claflin & Co.,
Eldridge,Dunham & Co., "William Watson k Co.,
Rosenfeldt Bros. k Co., Wendt, Steinhauser k
Thomas Drew & Co., Co.,
John M. Davies & Co., E. B. Strange k Bros.,
Arnold, Constable k Co., Strange k Bro.,
W. & J. Sloane, Passavant & Co..
B. L. Salomon & Sons, Goetze, Heinze & Co.,
Nicol & Davidson, Tay & Co.,
Nicol, Cowithaw k Co., Desprcs, Hartley k Co.,
E. S. Jaffray & Co., McGrath k Hunt,
Samuel McLean k Co., Johnson, Burns k Co.,
Kutter, Luckemeyer k HinckBros.,
Co., Edward J. King & Sons,
E. Oelbermann k Co., Sylvester Brush,
Bauendahl k Co., Duncan. Sherman k Co.,
Forstmann k Co., Brown Bro«. k Co.,
David Valentine k Co., Maitland, Phelps k Co.,
Strassburger, Frita k Aug. Belmont k Co.,
Pfeiffer, Nay lor k Co,,
Henry Barbey k Co., Hermann Boker k Co.,
C. A. Auffmoidt k Co., Charles T. Tay k Son.
Fieitman k Co., Althof, Borgmann & Co.,
Dud en freres k Co., Fred'k Victor k Aehelis,
Lord k Taylor, Lackemann.Walkinshaw
Martin Bates, jr., k Go., k Co.,
Stursberg k Co., A. Person, llarriman &
A. Erbsloh k Co., Co.,
F. Wigand & Co., Edward Scheitlin k Co.,
Bittel k Tepel, Sellmann & llervod,
Schcftel Bros, k Co.. Escher k Co.,
Charles Hauselt, A. Rusch k Co.,
Frederick M. Maa>, John Young k Son.
D. Wallerstein, Lehmaier Bros.,
F. W. Reiiner, llosenstein Bros.,
Oscar Proiss k Co., II. W. T. Mali k Co.,
Oscar Delisle & Co., A. Do Greiif k Co.,
John Vogt k Co., Schoenian, Lingg k Co.,
E. V. Welch k Co., DieckerhofF, Rafliocr &
Isinnemann, Wehry & C°- 
Co., Batlw, Pitkin k Co.,
Schuitze k Tailer, H. & M. Kayser & Co.,
Wm. Maucher k Co., George Pearce k Co.,
Henry G. Schmidt k Co,, Edward Unkart & Co.,
Frederick Ulrichs, Frederick Hoose k Co.,
Fleischmann k Ulrichs, E. N. Taylor, jr., k Co.,
Hermann Batjer & Bros., Louis Weddigen k Co.,
Gudewill, Meyer k Co., Kessler k Co.,
Kooig, Meyer k Co., Hardt k Lindgens,
George Rogge k Co., Stapfer & Streuli.
Fischer k Rittershaus, Solmson, Meyer & Co.
Benkard & Hutton, C. Morlot k Co.
And whereas it is stated that the Secretary of the
Treasury has repeatedly reiterated his request to the
collector in letters dated subsequent to those con-
tained in hiscommuuication addressed to theSpeaker
of this House, as contained in Executive Document
No. 313; and whereas the collector still maintains
a svstem at once odious and damaging to commerce,
as well as in defiance of the reiterated requests of the
Secretary: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury
is requested to transmit to Congress all the cor-
respondence bearing upon this subject which has
occurred since his communication of July 11,1870,
together with such views as he may entertain as to
the necessity of additional legislation by which tho
Secretary of the Treasury can compel collcctors of
customs to comply with his official requests.
The SPEA.ICER. If there |ie no objection
the preamble and resolution will be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. I ask for the passage of the res-
olution, if there be no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I supposed it was introduced
only for reference.
