1871.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
as hereby authorized or required, in excess of the cost
of building the said bridge and approaches accord-
ing to the plan proposed before the ehanges required
by this act to be made ; and the said court is hereby
further authorized and required to proceed therein
to final decree as in other cases in equity.
As I have said, I do not see how the rule
of damages could be made more simple or
more just than this. I want to add one further
word. If there is any trouble about this, if
there is any liability—the Senator says there
is none in law or equity, and I am not contro-
verting his opinion; it is entitled to great weight
at all times —but 1 say if there is any liability
the responsibility is with Congress, and Con-
gress must not shrink from the responsibility
incurred by its own action. The act of 1862
was an invitation to all railroad companies and
other companies to build bridges in accord-
ance with that law. It will be remembered,
perhaps, by the Senator from New York and
other Senators here that three years ago about
this time I urged upon the Senate the repeal
of the act, of 1862. I said that under that act
bridges would be built and we should be com-
pelled to pull them down, and then the ques-
tion would come whether the Government was
not responsible for the damage in destroying
a bridge that had been erected by authority of
law. I urged upon the Senate, by a joint res-
olution, three years ago, the repeal ofthe very
act under which this bridge was built; but the
.Senate refused.to pass that joint resolution.
The act of 1862 still stands on the statute-book,
a daily invitation to all companies to build
bridges according to its terms; and if a liability
has occurred let us not shrink fromthatliabilit.y
or repudiate it; let us take our just responsi-
bility for it. That liability has been brought
about by the action of Congress, and that too
after its attention had been called to it years
before.
Now, Mr. President, justice is justice. I
give no opinion whether there ia a liability on
the part of the Government or not; that ques-
tion is not before the Senate; but if there is a
legal liability, how can we shrink from giving
to this company the benefit of it? As a matter
of common honesty, how can we shrink from
it? If there is no liability, as the Senator
sa^ there is not, then, I ask, need we be afraid
to refer that question to the Supreme Court of
the United States? If we should refuse to
make that reference and still require this com-
pany to raise the bridge, we are dealing arbi-
trarily perhaps with the vested rights of others.
The bridge must be raised ; the navigation of
that great river requires it; the public interest
requires it. Oh the other hand, it is a matter
simply of common honesty whether we will not
give the company the right to test the question
whether they are entitled to damages for being
compelled to raise the bridge. If the argu-
ments made by the Senator from Ohio, the
Senator from Illinois, and the Senator from
Vermont be correct, th'ere is no liability, and
there is no risk ; but if there is a liability those
Senators will not say that it ought not to be
honestly met. There is the whole question.
Mr. COLE. I did not join in this confer-
ence report; I did not sign the report, for the
reason that I was against recognizing any lia-
bility on the part of the United States for this
change in the plan of this bridge. But, sir,
I did not rise to argue the question. I rose for
the purpose of appealing to the Senate to let
us have a vote on this report in order that we
may reach some other matters equally press-
ing, or more so, which are so urgent that we
ought not to waste time on this. I hope we
raay vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to say only a word
on this subject. It seems to me strange that
legal arguments, such as we have heard, should
be made upon this question. I do not know
much about law; but I think I understand
equity just as well as the distinguished lawyer,
the Senator from Illinois. Here is a plain
question. The laws of Congress have induced
a company to build a bridge across the Ohio
river. They have commenced the work in good
faith and have nearly finished that bridge, when
you come and ask them to increase their ex-
penditures to perhaps. .twice the amount that
they deem necessary. I remember, and I sup-
pose every one else here does, that a very few
years ago the great trouble was to induce peo-
ple to invest their money in railroads. There
is not a man here who does not know the im-
mense vigor which has been given to our coun-
try, the immense increase of all its resources,
in consequence of the building of railroads.
There is hardly anybody here who ought not
to* know that the great Pennsylvania Railroad
Company, which is supposed to be concerned
ia this bridge, has built more railroads than
any company in the world. It has now, with-
out asking the Government for a cent, thirty-
five hundred miles of railroad, built mainly by
the citizens of Pennsylvania and others whom
they induced to put their money into tbe roads.
They have built a railroad to the Ohio river,
and the people of that neighborhood and those
who use the road are expecting to cross the
river on this bridge. Now, just when they are
ready to go across, you step in and compel
them to spend a large sum of money to change
the plan of their bridge. They say: "We are
a law-abiding people; we will do so ; but if we
are compelled to do that which the law now
does not compel us to do ; in other words, if
we are not compelled by our engagements to
do what you wish, and you require us to make
increased expenditures, you should pay us for
doing so."
As I said the other day, my notions about
railroad and river navigation are probably
peculiar, because I believe that in a few years
every one of these rivers, which depend upon
floods for their usefulness, will have a railroad
on each side of them, and railroads will carry
all the freights except under certain extra-
ordinary circumstances.
But this is a question entirely of equity,
as I believe. Illinois has been made rich by
the bounty of tbe Government to railroads;
Iowa has been made, if possible, more rich;
Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota, and every other
State of the West has been made rich by the
contributions of the Government from our
great domain. Pennsylvania never got acent;
and the same is true of New York and many
other States. I contend, however, that the
great railroad of Pennsylvania has been a
benefit to all the western country. It has
been contributing its resources everywhere for
the benefit of the country ; and now it comes
here, not a beggar, but a pleader for an act of
justice, an act which among individuals there
are not half a dozen business men in the world
who had a case of this kind that would refuse.
Between business men, it would be a matter
of course to say: "if you do not agree to what
I ask, we will allow a court, in whom you and
I have confidence, to decide what is right and
what is wrong." ,
I trust, Mr. President, we shall agree to
this report, that we shall not waste the time of
the Senate in sidequestionsor questions of law
which none of us are competent to decide.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There seems
to be something a little peculiar in relation to
this conference report. I have been on a great
many conference committees, and I have never
known heretofore a conference committee to
reporta matter that was not submitted by either
House, except as a recommendation, much
less to report matter that had had nonaction in
the one House, and, so far as the aciionof the
other House was concerned, had been directly
the reverse of the report. I had much rather
that this bill should be lost, anxious as I am
to complete the entire business of the session,
than that it should pass in this shape. I may
here say, without any disrespect to the parties
who have made this report, that if the attorney
of this company had written this report himself
he could not have made it more favorable to
tliem than it now strikes the eye of Senators.
Even the parties are to take their money out
of the Treasury without any further action of
Congress. We do not even treat the Court
of Claims in thatmanner; we make subsequent
appropriations to carry out their judgments.
But here this company is not willing to trust
any future Congress, but by this very act the
money is appropriated and to be taken out of
the Treasury at once as soon as they can secure
a verdict in their favor. If a motion shall be
made to lay the report on the table I shall
vote for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conference report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Cattell, Chandler, Conkline, Fenton, Fowler,
Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Ross, Sehurz, Soott, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Thur-
man, Tipton, Vickers, Warner, and Yates—33.
NAYS—Messrs.Ames, Buckingham, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin. Davis, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert. Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris, Howell, McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Robertson, Sprague, Stearns,
Trumbull, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Miller, Morrill of Maine,
Patterson, Revels, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stockton, Sumner, WiUey, and Williams~21.
So the report was concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I ask consent that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the report of
the committee of conference on the Army
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California calls up the conference report on the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I object for a moment. I
desire to make a motion for a recess. [•' No!"
"Nol"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the conference report on the Army
appropriation bill is before the Senate, pending
which the Senator from Pennsylvania desires
to make a motion for a recess for one hour.
Before that is done, however, the Chair desires
to submit the amendments of the House of
Representatives to four pension bills, which
have been informally submitted to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. Is there objection to this ?
["No!" "Nol"]
Mr. CAMERON. I shall make my motion
presently.
ABEL S. CIIASE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 027) granting a
pension to Abel S. Chase.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert the following :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho
hereby is, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Abel S.Chase,
late a private in the twenty-fourth battery Indiana
artillery, and pay him a pension from and after the
passage of this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
NANCY E. AMMONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate an amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 622) granting a
pension to Nancy E. Ammons. The amend-
ment of the House was to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the following
in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho
is hereby, directed to place on the pension-roll,sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Nancy E. Ammons,. widow ot
Ephraim J. Ammons, deceased, late private com-
pany A, third North Carolina mounted infantry,
and pay her a pension from and after the passage oi
this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
