1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
disreputable character, and some of whom hadbeen
convicted criminals; a class of dangerous men never
before chosen by any ruling authority, many com-
munity, as conservators of the ijeaee. They were
instructed, under advice of the Attorney General ot
the United States, to submit to no interference from
any quarter under State or municipal authority.
Orders were issued which authorized them, m the
discretion of each one of them, to arrest at tho polls
citizens claiming the right to vote, _as well as the
inspectors who were charged by law with the custody
of the ballot-box. These arrests were to be effected
without process of law issued upon formal com-
plaints. The peaceful conduct ot the election and
the good order of the city were thus made to depend
on the discretion of these hastily-selected, inexpe-
rienced, and undiscipiined men, some of them habit-
uated to felonious violations of law, and all of them
unused to tho exercise of delicate and important
trusts of power; all having been appointed in one
political interest and having a common partisan
purpose to subserve. The police and civil authori-
ties of the city and State, whose duty it is to preserve
order, were ignored, under instructions from W ash-
ington, as completely as if the people of the State
were in rebellion against the Government ot the
United States. It was a bold attempt on the part
of the Federal Government to assume absolute con-
trol of the State and local elections, in order to ac-
complish partisan ends; and officials, both judicial
and executive, seemed determined to prosecute it
without any regard to the rights either of the local
officers or of the people. .
"The law of Congress under winch he was acting
required the Federal judge to appoint one halt of
the whole number of supervisors from each political
party; yet he deliberately refused to appoint any of
the political organization which he well knew repre-
sented the great majority of voters in the city, fcvery
popular light was ostentatiously denied, as it the
purpose was to irritate and excite the people aud to
provoke tumult, which might result in breaking up
the election and depriving the city ot its vote. ihe
President well knew that the people intcnded.no
forcible resistance to tho law. Their determination
was to meet it simply and exclusively by the force
of public opinioif. It must have been apparent to
every mind that the intcrebt of the great majority m
the citv was to have a quiet and orderly election. It
could be the interest only of the minority to promote
an outbreak. The President knew also that even it
disorder of any degree should ensue the whole civil
and police power of the State, sustained by its
national guard, (a military organization of our own
citizens, composed of men of all classes and all polit-
ical parties, and maintained by the State to uo tser-
vice, as occasion may demand, for the State or the
United States, and which has never yet failed m its
duty to either,) was both ready and able to preserve
order, and to protect all officers of the law in the
execution of judicial process and the discharge uf
official, duty. „ ^ t. *•
44 Notwithstanding all this, by the President s
orders United States troops were brought from dis-
tant posts'and quartered in the city of r^ewlork, and
ships of war were anchored in its harbor, it was
certainly not unreasonable to expect that the first
drop of citizens' blood shed in the city of ]\ ew York
by Federal troops in time of peace might lead to
terrible results, involving great loss of life and
incalculable destruction of property. Therefore, as
chief magistrate of this State, chargcd with the duty
of enforcing its laws and preserving order within it3
boundaries, I used every exertion and made every
preparation and provision in my power to preserve
order and protect the people in their rights, t heir
lives, and property. At the last moment, that is to
say, the afternoon immediately before the election,
the officers of the United States, fortunately and
wisely, abandoned the extreme ground they had
taken, and entered into a stipulation with tho local
authorities of New York city in my presence, which
resulted in preventing any armed interference by
troops either of the United States or or the State.
Nevertheless, it is well known that about two thou-
sand deputy United States marshals were appointed
in the city of New York, who were, each one ot
them armed with what is known as a Navy revolver,
worn in beltsbearing the designation ot the i ederal
armories. . „   ,,
*• They did not, it is true, form any portion of the
regular force of the Army or Navy; they were undis-
ciplined and without a miliary commander. ±Jut
they were men armed by the United States brovem-
ment and paid out of its Treasury; and were sta-
tioned, thus armed, at the election polls, having been
taught that they were the superiors of the lawfully-
appointed peace officers of the State, upon whom the
preservation of order in a large city depends, it was
due to the patient forbearance of the people and to
the earnest endeavors and great coolness and discre-
tion of the peace officers of the city that order w&s
preserved, ldeem it mysolemn duty to protest now
formally against these outrages, which it is given
out will be renewed at future elections with prep-
arations looking to a greater degree of intimidation
and coercion. In this protest the people of this State
do, X am confident, by an overwhelming majority,
earnestly unite. They are not to be misled by the
pretense that military foree is necessary to prevent
fraud For they well know, what all history proves,
that military elections are never honest nor free;
that military force at elections has always been used
bv ambitious rulers to hinder a full and fair expres-
sion of popular sentiment; in faet.to perpetuate and
eover fraud, not to prevent it. It elections are not
-honest they should be made so by tlio force of pub-
lio opinion and by law. Military force asserts its
supremacy over both, and is itself a fraudulent and
final overthrow of a free ballot.
Mr. NIBLACK. I know, Mr. Chairman,
that it is claimed that all this fuss and parade
with the army at certain places on election
day is necessary to preserve the peace and to
secure fair elections. If it has come to this,
that the people in any of the States are not
capable of making their own election laws, or
when made are too weak or too dishonest to
fairly execute them, then self-government, in
any such State is a failure, and we ought, like
honest men, to say so and to act accordingly.
It is a cheat and a fraud to pretend that we
have faith in the capacity of the people to
govern themselves, when, by our most solemn
actions, we indicate that we have no such faith.
For one, sir, I shall be guilty of no such incon-
sistency, of no such dissimulation.
But, Mr. Chairman, there are other abuses,
growing out of uses to which the Army has
been of late years applied, to which I also
desire to call the attention of this House. No
fair-minded man will, I think, deny that many
things which were imposed upon it by the
reconstruction measures were not only uncon-
genial and distasteful to the true soldier, but
injurious to it in public estimation to a very
considerable extent. That, however, is foreign
to this discussion, and I will not enlarge upon
it now. We have for several years past been
regularly and systematically enlarging the
sphere in which the Army may be employed.
By existing laws and regulations it may some-
times be employed in aid of the civil power;
at other times in total derogation of it. No
well defined rules in many cases seem longer
to exist. In many instances it is a matter of
caprice with some subordinate civil officer as
to whether he shall use the land and naval
forces or not. On this subject I quote from
the late report of General Halieck to the Adju-
tant General of the Army, from which the
Clerk will please also read.
The Clerk read as follows:
I respectfully repeat the recommendation of my
last annual report, that military officers should not
interfere in local civil difficulties unless called out
in the manner provided by law. and that requisi-
tions of revenue officers should be accompanied by
affidavits, or some other proof's, that the ease comes
within the provisions of the law authorizing or re-
quiring military interference. As the practice now
is, the revenue officer is the sole judge of the neces-
sity of military guards and escorts. Moreover, alarge
portion of the cost of revenue seizures is now pud
out of military appropriations, which expense would
otherwise be deducted from tho property condemned
before the products of sale could be divided between
tho Treasury and the revenue officcr who made the
seizure.
Where United States marshals and assistant mar-
shals call for military aid to execute the process of
the courts, there should be an order of court author-
izing such requisitions on the ground that no proper
civil pobse coinitatus could bo obtained. Such re-
strictions on the use of military force in civil mat-
ters would, in my opinion, not only effect a large
saving in military expenditures, but would relieve
Army officers from much of the responsibility which
they aro now obliged to incur in theperformance of
disagreeable duties, which can hardly be said to
legitimately belong to the military service.
It may be proper to remark, in this place, that i
have been assured by Federal civil officers that
the use of troops in executing judicial process and
enforcing the revenue and other civil laws seems to
increase rather than diminish the apparent neces-
sity of resorting to such force in civil matters, xhe
ill-disposed become more and more exasperated at
being coerced by a force which they think has been
unconstitutionally employed against them,.and the
better-disposed relax their efforts to punish local
crimos on the plea that this duty now aevolves on
the military. Hence, in the case of a robbery or a
murder, there is a call for Federal troops to arrest
and guard tho criminals. It is, therefore, a question
well worthy of consideration whether the military,
in civil matters, should not be limited to a few well-
defined cases, such as riots and insurrections, which
cannot be suppressed by local and State authorities.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, these new
and extraordinary uses of the Army, to which
I have invited the attention of the House and
to which references have been made by Gov-
ernors Geary and Hoffman and by General
Halieck, have greatly increased the expenses
of maintaining and handling it, and that is a
result which we ought among other things
carefully to consider. A tax-ridden and over-
burdened people will after a while begin to
consider that view of the subject if we shall
fail to do so. Whatever tends to inerease the
ordinary expenses of the Government begins
at last to arrest public attention and to excite
discussion among those who pay the taxes.
These police duties of the Army require a
greatly increased and much more frequent
transportation of troops from one point to
another. This we all know correspondingly
increases the expenditures for that branch of
the military service. These peculiar duties also
require the Army to be dispersed and diffused
throughout the whole country, both North and
South, so as to be within convenient, reach at
all points as nearly as'possible. All persons
well informed in jnilitary matters know that it
costs very much more to subsist and to handle
an army thus dispersed and diffused than if
kept well together and within the vicinity of
the ordinary depots for its supplies.
Then, Mr. Chairman, these deputy marshals,
special marshals, and supervisors of elections
have all to be paid for their services out of the
Treasury of the United States. This, too,"
after the people of the States have provided
all the officers necessary to conduct these elec:
tions, and have already taxed themselves to
pay such officers. We are thus called upon
to pay a double set of officers to carry on our
ordinary State elections. Of coarse the ex-
penses of our elections have correspondingly
increased. These increased expenditures are
however but incidental to other higher and
more important considerations connected with
the subject under discussion, and I will not
further elaborate them at present. I may have
to refer to some of the items in these expendi-
tures before we shall finally dispose of the bill
now before us.
But, Mr. Chairman, I must hasten to a con-
clusion. The bill we are considering appropri-
I ates $"27,175,080 for the Army for the ensuing
fiscal year. That is about two million dollars
less than we appropriated at the last session
for the current year. This reduction, how-
ever, is wholly due to the diminished numerical
strength of the Army, and not to any decreased
cost of it for each man on the average, in
one of those spasmodic efforts at economy
with which we are occasionally seized here,
and which it is only to be regretted are usually
of such short duration, we last year required
bv a law of Congress the peremptory reduction
of the Army. A reduction of several hundred
officers and men has accordingly taken place
within the last six or seven months.
We who are not experts in military matters,
and the country generally, I presume, had rea-
son to believe that there would be at least a
corresponding reduction of the expenses of the
Army. This reasonable expectation, I regret
to have to say, has not been realized. _ It will
be remembered that, as a part of this legis-
lation at the last session for the reduction of
the military forces of the country, we reduced
the pay of several of the leading officers, and
changed in very many respects the system on
which the officers of the Army had long been
paid.
This was heralded as a measure of reform
all over the country. Much to my surprise,
sir, as it doubtless will be to the members of
this House generally, the average pay of these
officers has been very considerably increased
by this readjustment of their pay. This in-
crease for the ensuing year, I am assured by
those in a position to know, will amount to
about a million and a halt of dollars. In other
words, if we had contented ourselves with
reducing the numerical strength of the Army
merely, and had not interfered at all with the
pay of the officers, we would now he called
upon to appropriate only about twenty-six
million dollars, instead of near twenty-seven
and a half millions, as proposed in this bill.
This is a matter, Mr. Chairman, to which I
beg leave to call the attention of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, which reported and
urged through this House at our last session
this measure reducing the Army and thus
changing the pay of its officers. If my mem-
ory is not greatly at fault that committee
