1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
harriett dewitt mitchell.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House ofRep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 845) granting
a pension to Harriett Dewitt Mitchell.
The amendments were in line eleven, to
Strikeout "thirty" and insert "twenty-five,"
and to strike out all of the bill after the word
"life," in the words "to commence on the
31st day of October, A. D. 1862," and insert
" from and after the passage of this act;" so
as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted, tic., That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and he is hereby, authorized and dirceted
to place on the pensioD-rolls the name of Harriett
Dewitt Mitchell, invalid daughter of Ormsby M.
Mitchell, late major general ofvolunteers, who died
at Beaufort, South Carolina, on the 30th day of
October, A. D. 1862, of yellow fever, contracted while
in the line of his duty and in the service of the
United States, and that she be paid a pension of
twenty-five dollars per month during her natural
life.
The amendments were concurred in.
anna e. frei.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (8. No. 176) grantinga
pension to Anna E. Frei.
The amendment, was to strike out all after
the word " month " in the ninth line, to and
including the word "sixty-five" in line ten,
and insert " from and after the passage of this
act," so as to read :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Anna E. Frei,
widow of John Henry Frei, late a private in com-
pany K, fifty-eighth regiment New York volunteers,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to continue during her widowhood.
isabella fogg.
Mr. nAMLIN. There is a bill upon the
table upon which I have conferred with the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions of
the Senate, and my course will meet his appro-
bation. I ask the Senate to take it up. It is
a bill increasing the pension of a woman from
twenty to thirty dollars. It is a most remark-
able case; few in the country are like it. It
is the bill for the relief of Isabella Fogg.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that bill will be read.
The bill (H. 11. No. 3086) increasing the
pension of Isabella Fogg was read twice, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to increase the pension of Isabella Fogg,
granted her by special act February 28, 1807,
to thirty five dollars per month.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to strike out " thirty-
five" and iusert " thirty." I do that because
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions
assnres me that is the highest rate established
by the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The highest rate estab-
lished by law.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the rule the com-
mittee have adopted and adhered to.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenat.e as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
kisckss.
Mr. CAMERON. We shall all have to be
away part of the time ; and we had better take
a recess until six o'clock, and all come back
again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The conference
report on the Army appropriation bill being
before the Senate, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania moves that the Senate take a recess
until six o'clock.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 29, noes 18.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
takerf, resulted—yeas 33, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Davis, Edmunds,
Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris, Hill, Howell, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery,
Miller, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Pratt, Robert-
son, Sohurz, Scott, Spencer. Stearns, Stockton, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Hamlin, llarlan, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ross,
Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Cattell, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Ramsey, Revels, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Sumner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Yates—20.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate
took a recess till six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock p. m.
army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The report of the com-
mittee of conference on the Army appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to call up the bill (H. R.
No. 2797) to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States. The Committee
on Public Lands have made some amendments
to it, and I desire to pass the bill as reported
by the Committee on Public Lands. It is very
important to act upon it. There are half a
million soldiers interested in it and it should
be disposed of.
Mr. COLE. I cannot consent to other meas-
ures being taken up. If Senators will help me
through with these large bills which are pend-
ing, then they may have time to call up their
little bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time, and the Chair understands the Senator
from California to object.
Mr. COLE. Let us have the conference
report read.
Mr. POMEROY. You cannot act on that
now, because you have not a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Will the Senate agree to the report of
the committee of conference?" It has been
read.
Mr.. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let us know
what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
report of the conference committee on the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to appeal to
the Senator from California.
Mr. COLE. I cannot yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont ask that the report be
read ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir. I
think it contains much too important matter
to be passed without our knowing what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be read.
Mr. COLE. It will take a long time to read
it. It has been read once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
should know what it is, however long it may
take to read it. There is very important mat-
ter contained in it.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that only that por-
tion of the report which the Senator from
Vermont desires to have read be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read that portion of the report.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read as fol-
lows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment, namely:
Strike out all of the said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof the following-
Mr. SPENCER. That has been read. I
do not think anybody wants to hear it.
Mr. SAWYER. I want to hear it.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading, as
follows:
That the President of the United States shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to nominate, and, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point a board of commissioners, to be designated as
commissioners of claims, to consist of throe com-
missioners, who shall be commissioned for two years,
and whose duty it shall be to receive, examine, and
consider the justice and validity of such claims as
shall be brought before them of those citizens who
remained loyal adherents to the cause and the Gov-
ernment of the United States during the war for
stores or supplies taken or furnished during the re-
bellion for the use of the Army of the United States
in States proclaimed as in insurrection against the
United States, including the use and loss of vessels
or boats while employed in the military service of
the United States. And the said commissioners in
considering said claims shall be satisfied from the
testimony of witnesses under oath, or from other
sufficient evidence, which shall accompany each
claim taken under such rules and regulations as the
commissioners may adopt of the loyalty and adher-
ence of the claimant to the cause and the Govern-
ment of the United States before and at the time of
the taking or furnishing of the property for which
any claim shall be made, and of the quantity, quality,
and value of the property alleged to have been taken
or furnished, and the time, place, and material cir-
cumstances of the taking or lurnishing of the same,
And upon satisfactory evidence of the justice and
validity of any claim, the commissioners shallreport
their opinion in writing in each case, and shall certify
the nature, amount, and value of the property taken,
furnished, or used as aforesaid. And each claim
which shall be considered, and rejected as unjust and
invalid, shall likewise be reported, with the reasons
therefor; and no claimant shall withdraw any ma-
terial evidencesubmitted in support of any claim.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to arrest the read-
ing for a moment. Is that the report of a com-
mittee of conference?
Mr. WILSON. Yes.
Mr. POMEROY. That matter has never
been before the Senate or the House.
Mr. COLE. This proposition passed the
House the other day as a separate bill, and it
is substituted by the committee of conference
for a provision which was adopted on the
Army bill in the Senate covering the same
subject-matter.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to know if it was
on the Army bill as it passed either House?
Mr. COLE. Not in those terms.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I make a poinfeof
order upon it.
Mr. COLE. It is the same subject-matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will see what chance I had to make a point of
order of a similar kind to day.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas will state his point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know how the
committee of conference could get in their
report new matter that has never been before
Pitnot1 H Ansp
Mr. WILSON. Let it be read in full.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me, I understand that this provision is inserted
in place of the amendment which was offered
by the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. McDon-
ald] in reference to quartermaster and com-
missary stores; that it is the substitution of a
House bill, which passed the House on the
same subject, for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas. It is entirely germane,
and is to meet precisely the same object, only
in a form less objectionable, it is deemed, to
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Some of the provisions of the
House bill, it is true, are in this amendment;
but it is not the House bill as it came to us
and as it passed the House almost unanimously.
It is modified so as to be much less objection-
able to the Senate, as I think.
Mr. POMEROY. If it has passed the House
on some other bill, that has nothing to do with
this question. The question is, whether it has
passed the House on the Army appropriation
bill in any shape whatever. It may have passed
the House at the last session or some other
time; but how did it get on this bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
