1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
oratic Governor, H. H. Haight, forgetting or
ignoring his own conduct on that occasion, and
catching the clap-trap talk here about military
interference in elections, recently published a
letter wherein he announced himself a candi-
date for reelection, and announced as one of
the planks of his platform that he is opposed
to military interference in elections?
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
kidge] has asked me if I am in favor of mili-
tary interference in elections. I am in favor
of it under these circumstances: when, as in
the sixth ward of New York city, there were
between six and seven thousand votes cast at
two successive elections—nearly double the
number of votes cast before that time and at
the last election—when the whole population
in that ward is less than twenty-two thousand;
when repeaters go from poll to poll; when
the whole system is corrupt and notoriously
fraudulent, and the municipal authorities
desire it to be so, and when Congress passes
a law that in case of the election of members
of Congress there shall be appointad inspect-
ors, who shall have the right to see that per-
sons are challenged who ought to be chal-
lenged, and that the ballot-box shall be kept
pure—in order to carry out a law like that,
to defeat frauds like that, I would employ the
military force of the country, as I would em-
ploy it in all cases where an attempt is made
* to subvert our institutions; because the safety
of our Government depends upon the purity
of elections. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] perhaps describes properly his
constituents in that ward when he denounces
them as thieves and scoundrels and murderers.
He knows them better than I do. I would not
venture so to speak of them ; but I do know
that if there is any truth in human testimony,
professional repeaters were at the last election
imported into New York city from Philadel-
phia and other places, the purpose being to
override the will of the people, subvert the
freedom of election in that city, and thereby
control the State.
While these things are in progress, it is well
that the national Government should take
some care to restrain them, especially if na-
tional officers are to be chosen. Therefore, I
reply to the gentleman that under such cir-
cumstances I am in favor of military inter-
ference in elections. But if I were not., and
if the Republican party were not, the Demo-
cratic party has certainly, by the illustrious
instance which I have cited, shown its adher-
ence to that policy. Well might my Demo-
cratic colleague [Mr. Axtell] rise the day
before yesterday in his place and use language
like this:
"And here allow me to refer to a most unfortunate
state of facts, brought to light by a resolution intro-
duced by one of my colleagues: that the Governor
of California, elected by Democratic votes, so far
forgetting Ilia faith and the faith of bis party in the
people, was imprudent enough to call, before ho had
convened his Legislature, before he had exhausted
the power of his State, upon the authorities at
Washington to send troops to San Francisco to pre-
serve order in an approaching election ! His act was
one which cannot be justified by any Democrat in
California or in the United States."
Yet Governor Haight,'the head of the Dem-
ocratic party in California, and a candidate
for renomination, lalks about his opposition
to military interference in elections! This is
Democratic consistency with a vengeance ; yet
it is such consistency as I have generally found
in that party! My colleague further says:
"And that Governor can take warning, as all pub-
lic men who doubtthe people can takewarning, that
the people will resume the power which they dele-
gated to hint, and will show that they are unwill-
ingthat any of their officers shall follow tins vicious
example ot'calling Federal bayonets to the discharge
ot that duty which the citizens of the States are
abundantly able todischarge themselves—the main-
tenance of peace and order at their own elections."
If there is a sting in this language it comes
from my Democratic colleague, and not from
myself. But 1 commend it to the attention
of my friend from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] as
evidence that his party has one voice upon
this floor, where gentlemen are at liberty to
theorize, and where there may be a chance to
make a point against the Republican party;
yet when the time comes for action that party
is governed by other principles, and calls as
lustily upon a Democratic Administration to
furnish bayonets as ever did the oppressed
people of Georgia when the Kuklux were hunt-
ing them down at the polls; when by violence,
bloodshed, and murder they were prevented
from exercising the rights of American citi-
zens merely because they were Union men or
because their skins were not as fair as those
of some, not all, of us upon this floor. If
military or any interference can prevent those
scenes of arson, whippings, and murder, by
which the Democracy seek to dominate the
South, I am for it. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Wallace] showed me a telegram
this very week from his district, where half a
score of men were murdered in one lump in
cold blood by Kuklux. What is the use of an
Army if it is not employed to stop and punish
such fiendishness? What think you of a party
that defends or conceals it?
I denounce the cry made in the face of the
precedent I cite, that the Democratic party is
opposed to military interference in elections.
With this rotten spot in Andrew Johnson's
administration, the Democratic national con-
vention indorsed and baptized him. That con-
vention resolved—
"That the President of the United States, Andrew
Johnson, in exercising the power of his high office
in resisting the aggression of Congress upon the con-
stitutional rights of the States and the people, is
entitled to the gratitudeof the whole American peo-
ple ; and in behalf of the Democratic party we ten-
der him our thanks for his patriotic efforts in that
regard."
Is it one of the constitutional rights of the
people that the military shall not be displayed
in cities pending an election? So say these j
Democrats about me. Why did your national
conclave indorse such acts? After having
done so why do you come here and iaise aery
against them? It is because there is no sin-
cerity in your declamation. You only want to
make a point against an Administration that
strives for a pure ballot .and to give freedom to
all citizens. You would at any time take back
any past declaration or desert any vaunted
principle to gain a step toward power. What
right have you to repudiate the official and
party acts of 13. H. Haight, who leads your
party in California, made speeches for you
recently in Ohio, aspires to reelection to the
Governorship, to be nominated as your candi-
date as Vice President, or to reach the Sen-
ate? What right have you to ignore his prac-
tice in favor of military interference and take
his professions inconsistent with that practice
as Democratic doctrine? He is your leader
and exponent as much as your New York Gov-
ernor, who talks the same way but has not had
such an opportunity to illustrate Democratic
consistency. I eontend for his rights in that
regard in opposition to my colleague of your
party, [Mr. Axtell.]
But is there such purity in the Democratic
party in New York as is contended, so that its
leaders would not buy votes nor its purlieus
furnish repeaters? On the latter point we have
the notorious history of all recent elections in
that city until the wise law of last session gave
a check to the infamous practice and saved the
suffrage from disgrace and derision. Fraud-
ulent voting had become a regular vocation.
I call attention more distinctly to the case of
the sixth ward in New York city, with 21,22-5 j
inhabitants, including many aliens. Here is j
the vote since 1858: |
Repvblican. Democratic, Total. '■
1S58. Congress 310 2,205 2,575 :
18t50- Piesident   397 2.827 3,221
1862. Congress 448 1,801 2. ill!)
1863. Mayor 200 2,23o _,4:;.>
1801. Governor... 317 3,434 3,781 !
1806. Governor 207 3,254 3,401 f
1807. Secretary of State..,186 3,-300 3,480 1
1868. Governor 369 5.032 5,401 i
1869. Secretary of State...5>6 5,738 6.374 1
187U. Governor 293 3,245 3,838 1
In the last election there was a Governor
and Congressman to elect, and, more potent
than all, a sheriff; and there was every incite-
ment to a fuller vote than in 1869. Yet the
vote fell off more than a third, because a man
from each party was authorized to inspect the
elections and to challenge votes; and there was
a posse comitatus to maintain order, and the
power of the Government ready to prevent
violence if attempted. Every legal voter had
a right to vote, and no one claims that he was
hindered; but professional repeaters found
their occupation gone. Shall we revert to the
old sytem of changing hats and coats and pro-
tean shapes of the same voters, whereby honest
voters are defrauded of their rights and cor-
ruption is maintained in power?
But the Democratic party is too honest to
need watching! All its anxiety to prevent
inspection of the polls at congressional elec-
tions springs from abstract considerations!
It does not and would not profit by fraud or
use money for corruption purposes! Oh, no!
Let us hear from high authority on the prac-
tices of Tammany. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] on the 16th of last month
thus exposed one of the secrets of his party :
"Sir, in the State of New York certain portions
of the Democratic party have had no wilier advo-
cate than this Hugh Hastings, the editor of the Com-
mercial Advertiser. For years in Albany and New
York, more or less, he has been employed to spy
out. cripple, and Idamage bis own party." * *
* * "He is only a spy in the Republican camp
for the betrayal of the secrets of the Republican
organization to the Democratic party, and he- is
paid for being such a spy. For proof of this I hold
in my hand——
" Mr. Dawes. Paid by whom?
" Mr. Brooks, of New York. I hope the gentle-
man will allow mo to go on. Wait and hear. For
proof of this I hold in my hand [showing the paper]
the New York Commercial Advertiser of January
12, with nearly six columns of nonpareil and agate
advertisements of the city corporation, given him
by Democratic influence ;n the city of New York,
from the profits of which ho receives twenty-five or
thirty thousand dollars per annum from the treas-
ury of the city of New York, and given with the
knowledge that as long as he has it he will con-
stantly assail certain Republican men, and as con-
stantly let certain Democratic men alone.
"He is a dishonorable employe and tool of a portion
of the Democratic party, and a contemptible spy in
the Republican party, and constantly used to betray
to the. Democrats the secrets of Republican State
committee and other Republican organizations."
Then the Democratic party of New York
city uses "dishonorable employes and tools
and pays them with public patronageHave
I charged more than that? Bnt you use them to
corrupt the ballot, as well as for '• contemptible
spies." Is it that part of the Democratic party
who resort to the contemptible and corrupt
practices exposed by the gentleman who are
solicitous to preserve the purity of the ballot
and to whom we should leave it, or what part?
If your scandalous practices only affected your-
selves, the people of the United States might
have patience and believe that such utter cor-
ruption would work off and purify in time.
But you affect the whole frame-work of the
Government. Y'our basely-elected delegates
may help to throttle the nation in its time
of need on this floor, or taint the electoral
college, so as to give us a President chosen by
fraud and not by hone'st, popular will. There-
fore we must interfere on the score of national
safety, and secure a fair vote to every man
entitled to it, and but one to any.
Militaiy interference ! How did the military
interfere? Did it casta vote, or influence one?
Not one. It was known to the riotoils and cor-
rupt elements of society that the Government
had at last determined to prevent corrupt vot-
ing, and that any assault on the officers of the
law would be prevented or speedily punished ;
and that element refrained from such prac-
tices to the loss of its party. But aside from
the moral force of the presence of the military
there was no attempt at military interference.
No honest man is afraid in the presence of con-
servators of the peace. And there was no point-
ing on the city of the guns of naval vessels, no
parade of cavalry and infantry iu the streets,
as in San Francisco, at the beck of our Demo-
