530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
davit. Its falsity was there shown by the Whig
senator from Albany, Mr. Clarbson Crosby.
And after that demonstration was made Mr.
Hugh J. Hastings was nominated and elected
Whig clerk of the New York senate. And I
state, upon information and belief, that Mr.
Ernstus Brooks was so fully satisfied that he
had done Mr. Hastings great injustice that he
made ample apology therefor.
Now. my colleague attempts to make it ap-
pear that, this present affidavit of this memo-
rialist is false, because, forsooth, the former
affidavit, he says he can show, appeared in
the Albany Switch, of which Hugh J. Hastings
was editor. Whether that wasso or not I can-
not say, but I think an explanation is very easy.
Would it not have been one of the most natural
things that Mr. Hugh J. Hastings, intending
to dewy the authenticity of that affidavit, would
first publish the same in his paper, and then
boldly and explicitly deny it?
Is there proof before my colleague, or any-
where, that the circumstances under which this
publication was made are different from what
I slate. I trust my colleague will not under-
stand, by the manner which I employ or by any
language in which I may express my thoughts,
that 1 entertain any but the kindest feelings
toward him; but I do feel that a private indi-
vidual who has not, as we members of this
Iiouso liavo, the great national forum in which
to expose personal wrongs, should at least have
one feeble voice raised here to presenting case.
I call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Lafmn] please restate his
motion?
Mr. LAFLIN. I move the reference of this
memorial to the select committee appointed to
investigate the charges made by the memo-
rialist against Mr. Brooks, with instructions t,o
report thereon preliminary to the investigation.
The SPEAKER. As to the question of
jurisdiction?
Mr. LAFLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FA 1 INS WORTH. Does the gentleman
from New York doubt our jurisdiction to exam-
ine a charge of this kind against a member
of this House? As I understand, the charge
made against tile gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] is that ho has made money ille-
gitimately as a member of this House. Is
there any doubt about our jurisdiction of that
charge? Can there be any doubt about it?
What is there for the commit tee to report upon
preliminarily? The committee are not. trying
the House; they are trying Mr. Brooks.
Mr. DAWES. Would the gentleman have
us say that, we know the facts without investi-
gation and do not want to listen to the prayer
of this petitioner?
Mr. FARN'SU'ORTn. _ No, sir.
Mr. DA WISH. The petitioner sets forth that
this is a. mutter over which Congress has no
jurisdiction, and upon that question he prays
to be heard by the committee. The question
is whether lie shall be heard or not.
Mr. FARNSWORTil. Is the gentleman
going to try this question of jurisdiction by
iacts outside the record?
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to examine
it. myself at this time. A very competent com-
al i 11 ee has been appointed for that very purpose.
I do not piopose to express any opinion upon
the question until the report of the committee
shall be before us.
Mr. FAUNSWORTIL This is the point:
a newspaper makes a distinct charge against
u member of Congress, and now the question
is raised as to our jurisdiction to investigate,
about which I did not suppose there was any
doubt.
Mr. LAFLIN. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was scconded.and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HAND ALL. I ask for a division of
the question.
The SPEAKER. On what?
Mr. RANDALL. So as to cut off any pre-
liminary report.
The SPEAKER. There might be a divis-
ion of the question of reference from the ques-
tion of instructions; but that would hardly be
necessary, because a memorial can be referred
under the rules at the Clerk's desk. Hence,
there is really only one point involved—the
question of reference with instructions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will move
to lay on the table the motion to instruct the
committee.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the memo-
rial with it.
Mr. RANDALL. The House has given
unanimous consent for the consideration of
this motion of reference. That question being
before the House, it occurs to me it is divis-
ible so that we may vote separately on the
question of instructing the committee.
The SPEAKER. It is divisible; but the
Chair has intimated that nothing is to be
gained by the division, because the only sub-
stantive question at issue is the question of
reference with instructions.
Mr. RANDALL. My object is to have this
memorial go to the committee along with all
the other papers, that they may have it before
them when the subject is considered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks that the question may be divided.
Mr. AJjLISON. What is the proposition of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laflim?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Laflix,] who presents this memo-
rial, accompanies it with a motion that it be
referred to the select committee with instruc-
tions to make a preliminary report upon the
propriety of further continuing the investiga-
tion. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Raxdam,] does not oppose the reference, but
wishes a separate vote upon giving the instruc-
tion.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope we shall have a
separate vote.
The SPEAKER. A division being called
for, the first question will be, shall the refer-
ence of this memorial be accompanied with
instructions to the committee to make a pre-
liminary report upon the propriety of further
continuing the investigation ?
The question being put, there were—ayes
51, noes 85.
So the motion to instruct the committee was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer the memorial to the select committee
appointed to investigate the charges against
Mr. Brooks, of New York.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; andalsomoved thattlie motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SIEMB1SR FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I present the credentials of J. F. Long,
Representative-elect from the fourth congres-
sional district of Georgia. They are in the same
form as those already presented this morning.
I ask that Mr. Long be now sworn in.
There being no objection, Mr. J. F. Long
presented himself, and was duly qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862.
central branch, etc., railroad company.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, I move to sus-
pend the rules so as to extend ordinary parlia-
mentary courtesy to thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Twiciiell,] relieve the Speaker
from embarrassment, and rectify an inadvert-
ent injustice of the House by restoring Senate
bill No. 4G9, relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company, to its place
on the Speaker's table; and so, without com-
mitting anybody to its support, to give it an
equal chance with all other land-grant bills.
Mr. WELKER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I wish to inquire of the Chair about
what time during the session the Committee
on the Public Lands will have an opportunity
to report?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter about
which every member of the House can as well
answer as the Chair. It is not at all probable
that the Committee on the Public Lands will
be again called during this session.
Mr. WELKER. 1 wish to inquire further,
Mr. Speaker, whether, if this bill is put upon
the Speaker's table, it cannot be passed by a
majority vote of the House when itis reached ?
The SPEAKER. Of course it can.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
Mr. WELKER. If this bill be put upon the
Speaker's table is not that one step toward the
passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. Thatis nota parliament-
ary question.
Mr. FITCH. I should like to know any good
reason or any law why this bill should be sin-
gled out from thirty or forty similar ones.
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question. The motion to suspend the rules
is not debatable. The question is, will the
House restore the bill indicated to its place
upon the Speaker's table?
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELKER. The motion is, to place the
bill in its place. I understand that the bill
has been already committed to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands. Therefore it has no
place upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is, to restore
it to where it was when it was referred.
Mr. MAY^NAllD. Is that possible after the
bill has been taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands ?
The SPEAKER.   It merely takes the place
it occupied before it was referred.
Mr. WELKER. Substantially the object is
to place this bill upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER, Should the motion prevail
it must take the place it had at the time it was
taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. WELKER'. Can the Speaker ascertain
that place ?
The SPEAKER. It is not the Speaker's
place to do that, but the duty of the Journal
clerk.
Mr. WELKER. The motion is, to put the
bill where it can be passed.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 114, nays 67, not voting
50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Atwood, Ax-
tell, Banks, Barn urn, Jtarr.y, Ijeaimm, Beck. Bennett,
Bethune, Bird, Booker. Bowen, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Roderick
It. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,William T.Clark. Clin-
ton L.Cobb, Conger, Conner,Cook, Cowles, Darrall,
Dawes, Degcner, Dickey, Dixon,Box, Duke, Ifju-ns-
worfb, Ferriss, fisher, Fitch, Fox, Getz, Gibson,
Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton, Harris. Hays, Hill, Iloar,
Hogc, Holmes, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Johnson, Kel-
logg, Ketcham, Laflin, Long, Lynch, Manning, May-
ham, Ma.yna.rd, McCarthy, McCrary, McKee, Mc-
Kenzie, Morey, Morphia, Daniel J.Morrell, Morris-
sey, Myers, Negley. O'Neill, Paine, Palmer. Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Prosser,
Rainey, Rogers, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schu-
rnakcr, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod. Shober, SIo-
cum, Joseph S. Smith, "William J. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes. Stone,
Stoughton. Strickland, Sypher. Tillman, Townsend,
Trimble, Twichclt. Wallace, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Whitmore, Eugene M.
Wilson, Wolf, Wood, and Young—114.
NAYS—Mcssis. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Asper, Hearty, Bingham, Blair, Burchard, Burr,
Benjamin 1<\ Butler, Amasa Cobb, Cobnrn, Crcbs,
Dickinson, Donley, iila, Finkelnburg, Haldeman,
Hawkins.Muwley, ilay, Ilotman, Thomas L. Jones,
.Tudd, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Ivnapp, Lawrencc,Lewis,
Lougliriilge, Marshall, JlcCornnck, McGrew. Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Morgan, Orth. Packard, Packer,Peck, Porter, Ran-
dall, Reeves,Rice, Scoiield, Shanks, John A.Smith,
Stevenson, Stiles, Strong, Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor,
Tyner. Unson. Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Wal-
ker, Wells, Willard, Williams, and John 'X. Wil-
son—-67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ayer, Bailey, Ben-
