1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
gentlemen wlio were in opposition the other
night to the original amendment. I believe
that nothing can please them except the rejec-
tion of the claims of all loyal men resident
in those States. I think those Senators who
desire to recognize the loyalty of southern
men Should adopt this amendment, whether it
pleases the gentlemen who were in the minor-
ity the other evening, and who are determined
not to recognize them under any circumstances,
or not. I trust that the Senate will adopt this
proposition, not that it comes up to the full
measure of what I should like to see done, and
what I think the majority in the Senate the
other night would desire to have done in this
regard, but simply because it is a step in the
right direction. It is a recognition to some ex-
tent of the loyal men of the South, who are as
deserving as anylo^al men residing anywhere.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to vote for the
report of this conference committee, and I do
so for the reason that I think Congress ought
to take action to settle these claims. I thought
so in 1866, and introduced and advocated at
that time a bill very much like this. I be-
lieved then, and I believe now, that every day
these claims remain unsettled they will increase
and accumulate against the Government. If
we had appointed a good commission in 1866,
and closed the matter within two years, we
should have settled them for one half the
amount that any commission can settle them
now; and we can settle them now cheaper
than we can at any future time. All this class
of claims, whether they be loyal or disloyal,
of one kind or another, against the Treasury
of the United States, increase and accumulate
by time. Everything is against the Govern-
ment. The sooner they are settled the better
it will be for theTreasuryof'theUnited States,
to say nothing of what justice requires.
Now, sir, there are loyal men in the States
lately in rebellion who have claims against this
Government. They ought to have compensa-
tion for what is justly due them and no more,
and the claims ought to be settled in a reason-
able time and in a safe and proper way. If
three good men are appointed, able and hon-
est, who will attend to their business, and
these claims are brought before them, they
can pronounce upon them, and then the claims
will come to us with that authority and no more.
As to your Court of Claims, they have to sit
now about the year through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. WILSON. At any rate, they sit so
much that I do not see how they can possibly
devote any time to the settlement of these
questions. I think, if they did nothing else,
it would be very hard work for them to do it
within the next two years. I voted the other
day against the proposition of the Senator
from Arkansas for the reason that I thought
that was not the proper way. I may have
been mistaken abont that. Here comes the
alternative proposition, the one I believe in,
and I propose to vote for it.
Mr. BICE. I shall support this report of
the conference committee, as I shall all other
reports of conference committees, I suppose,
although I should greatly prefer the amend-
ment offered by my colleague the other night.
I have no idea that the Government would be
Called upon to pay one fourth as much under
his amendment as it will be under this com-
mission ; bat as the majority of Congress think
it best to take this course, think it best to pay
us liberally, I am not going to stand here and
object. I am going to vote for it. If they
prefer to pay us more than we asked, I am the
last man to object to the proposition. We
shall get our share, although we did not%sk
any more than was honestly due us.
I liked the proposition adopted the other
day better than this for another reason: that
it plainly and squarely recognized the loyal
men of the South, and placed them on the
same platform with the loyal men of any other
Section of the country. I liked it as much for
that as I did for the pay ; and I do not like
this proposition because it does not do that. I
liked that proposition for another reason: that
it provided for paying these claims when they
were established, while this does not make
any provision for their payment at all; andthe
chances are that by the time they get through
this court and then get through Congress, the
claim agents will have eaten up two thirds of
the claims. Therefore, the claimants will have
to make their claims for about three times as
much as is honestly due, in order to pay their
attorneys. But still I am going to vote for
this. It is better than nothing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Assuming that the Gov-
ernment is bound to pay the claims of the loyal
citizens of the southern States, it seems to me
that the law making provision for such pay-
ment should be carefully considered, and the
persons to be paid should be particularly and
specifically described, so that none but loyal
persons may be allowed to establish claims
against the Government; and then another
provision of the law, describing the claim,
should be carefully considered. The objection
is not so much to the payment of the claims
of loyal citizens as it is to a law which opens
the doors of the Treasury to the rebels of the
South ; and if this bill does not do that, it
comes very near doing it.
There is a manifest inconsistency in this
amendment. In the first place, it provides
that persons who have been loyal adherents to
the Govern ment during the war shall be allowed
to present claims to this commission, and then
it provides that persons who were loyal at the
time their property was taken or before that
time shall be allowed to present claims to this
commission. Now, a man may have been a loyal
man at the beginning of the war ; his property
may have been taken by the Army in some way
for purposes of subsistence, and then, after his
property was so taken, he may have enlisted in
the ranks of the rebel army, and fought through
the war to overthrow the Government; and
under this bill he will be allowed to make his
claim to recover money from the Treasury for
the property so taken. If I do not misunder-
stand the provisions of this amendment,it allows
persons to claim payment for all property that
was furnished or taken by the Army of the
United States during the rebellion; so that
everything that was appropriated by the Army
for purposes of subsistence, property that was
destroyed, in fact, by the action of the Army,
may be brought in under the provisions of this
amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator from Oregon
will allow me to correct him, it does not pro-
vide that anything destroyed shall be paid for
at all. It simply says supplies furnished and
receipted for, or supplies taken and used by
the Army. That is the language. I am sorry
that the Senator should mistake it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not say that the bill
says that property destroyed by the Army shall
be paid for, but it provides that property taken
by the Army shall be paid for. Now, sir, what
is property taken by the Army ? Suppose there
was a field of grass, if you please, where the
Army was encamped, and the horses and
mules of the Army were turned out to feed
upon that grass ; that is taken in that way for
the use of the Army. Suppose a wheat-field
is destroyed in the same way for the purpose
of subsisting the Army. I do not say that the
bill provides that property destroyed shall be
paid for by the Government; but the language
is so latitudinarian" that under it claims of this
kind may be made. My objection to this bill
is that it is inconsistent with itself; that it is
difficult to construe it so as to confine its pro-
visions to the claims of loyal men and to-pay
for property that was taken from loyal men for
the purposes of the Army in waging the war for
the suppression of the rebellion. I think this
bill is a very dangerous one to be passed. While
I do not say that I would object to some care-
fully-considered and carefully-prepared law
by which these claims might be presented and
adjudicated, I do think that to put a provision
of this kind upon an appropriation bill by a
committee of conference, where there is no
chance to amend it, to point out its defects and
improve the bill, is a proceeding which ought
not to be sanctioned.
These are my objections to this portion of
the report of the committee of Conference.
Mr. BLAIR. There is no inconsistency in
this "bill as claimed by the Senatorfrom Oregon.
It is plain and unmistakable. It speaks of
loyal men who were loyal during the war, and
all the inconsistency is wrought by the gentle-
man's imagination. It simply says that such
loyal men as I have described, as are described
by the language of the bill, may make claims for
supplies furnished by them and receipted for
by the commissaries or quartermasters, or which
shall have been taken for the use of the Army.
That covers the principle no more broadly than
it was covered here the other night by a vote
of the Senate. Then there is still another safe-
guard; after the adjudication of these commis-
sioners, or rather after their recommendation,
these claims will still have to come before Con-
gress for allowance and appropriation.
The Senator from Oregon says that he is
willing to vote for some well-considered and
carefully-prepared plan by which the claims
of southern loyalists may be recognized. I
think that even if that Senator should tax his
own ingenuity he would find it very difficult to
make a plan more carefully prepared than this.
In the first place, the commissioners are to be
appointed by the President, the choice of his
own party. These commissioners are to take
evidence pro and con, to make their recom-
mendations, and then the report is to be spread
before Congress, and Congress is to pass upon
it. That is the length and breadth of the
proposition. Although gentlemen may think
that they could be brought to vote for some
well-considered, carefully-prepared, and care-
fully-guarded scheme by which the rights of
these men will be allowed by our Government,
I think nothing would bring them to a recog-
nition of these claims. They are determined
not to recognize them in any shape. I am
prepared to recognize them in this shape, or
whenever we have the power to do it here, in
the shape of the amendment oifered by the
Senator from Arkansas; but not being able
to get that, I intend to vote for this, and I
intend to vote for every measure that comes
before this Congress by which the loyal men
of the South shall be placed on an equality
with the loyal men of the North. I do not
apprehend any danger that in opening the
door to the loyal men of the South we are
opening it to rebels, any more than I appre-
hend the same danger now when the Treasury
is open to the claims of the loyal men of the
North.
Mr. FOWLER. I have but a remark to
make with reference to this report. The prop-
osition reported by the conference committee
does not please me so well as the one placed
on the bill by the Senate. While I atn in
favor of the Government paying for all the
property that it took and appropriated for the
use of the Army in the southern States, let it
come from what quarter it may, I want the
court or ihe commission very carefully guarded.
I think this bill does not guard the action of
that commission as well as it ought to do. and
that it will be open to very great frauds. The
danger thatl fear is, not that the Government
will have to pay for property which was used
by the Army, but that it will have to pay for
property that was not taken or used by" the
Army. I would greatly prefer the bill as we
had it arranged, or if we cannot have that,"that
the committee who have charge of this matter
would give more care and attention to the
organization ofthe commission, defining what
its powers shall be, how it shall act. and what
kind ofacoinmission it shall be. I know that
commissions that have been sent South have
