1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
jamin, Benton, Biggs, Boles, Boyd, Burdett, Cake,
Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Cox, Cullom,
Nathan S\ Dixon, Dockery, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge,
Ferry, Garfield, Griswold, Haight, Ilambleton,
llamill, Heflin, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander II.
Jones, Keisey, Knott, Lash, Logan, Milnes, Jesse
H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Newbbam,
Niblnck, Phelps, Potter, Roots, Porter Sheldon,
Strader.Swann.Taffe, Van Aukon, Van Ilorn.Voor-
hees, Wheeler. Wilkinson, Winans, Winchester,
Witcher, and Woodward—56.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
During tlie vote,
Mr. K ELSEY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Ames, who would voto in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. McGREW stated that his colleague,
Mr. Dotal, was detained from the House by
sickness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
OCliAN CABLE LEGISLATION.
Mr. BANKS, I beg to offer the following
resolution:
Unsolved, Thattherulesof the House besuspended,
and that the concurrent resolution authorizing the
appointment of the joint committee on the subject of
ocean cable legislation, and discharging other eom-
luitteesfrom the further consideration of t.h<:subject,
pnssed the 9th of January, 1871, be, and hereby is,
icscinded, and that a message be sent to the Senate
requesting the return of the resolution to the House.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the House to allow me
to say a few words on the subject.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not object
if the other side can he heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Banks, and the gentleman
from Connecticut, Mr. Starkweather, ask
unanimous consent to be heard on this reso-
lution. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. BANKS. The resolution, the return of
which from the Senate is desired, was passed
without the knowledge of the House. The
subject is one to which every member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs had been giving
attention because it had been specially com-
mitted to that committee. It is a subject to
which we have given four or live months of
consideration, on which we have an elaborate
report in print, and on which we have a gen-
eral bill ready to report whenever the commit-
tee is called ; and it is likely to be ca]led in
a week or two. The House was in such con-
fusion at the time that resolution was passed
that it was impossible for any member of the
committee to ascertain what wasgoingon, and
we believe—the committee believe—that there
was an effort made to prevent the members of
the House from ascertaining the purport and
character of the resolution. It takes from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a subject which
was committed to that committee ; committed
by the deliberate action of the House; a sub-
ject to which it has given painful and delib-
erate attention ; upon which it is ready to
report, and on which it thinks it has a right to
report. The committee has also given consid-
erable attention to other subjects besides that
to which 1 more especially refer, relating to
the general matter of ocean cables. We think
that, under such circumstances, a resolution
passed to rescind the order of the House with-
out the knowledge of the House is an injus-
tice to one of its committees, the perpetration
of which, after a knowledge of the facts, this
House will not justify. For these reasons I
ask that the rules of the House be suspended
and the resolution rescinded.
I say, if the resolution should be presented
to the House in such a manner that its atten-
tion can be called to it, and if the majority
should be disposed to take the subject from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs and refer it to
another committee, I shall make no objection.
But inasmuch as the House has no kaowledg3
of the resolution whatever, and it was passed
under circumstances of which the Committee
on Foreign Affairs thinks it has a right to com-
plain, and of which it does complain, we hope
the House will call the resolution back, in
order that it may have a fair and deliberate
consideration.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] to say
that an effort was made to prevent this resolu-
tion being considered by the House. I should
like him to explain by whom that effort was
made.
Mr. BANKS. I did not say that an effort
was made to prevent the resolution being con-
sidered. I stated that I believed an effort was
made to prevent the House understanding its
nature and character.
Mr. SCOFIELD. By whom?
Mr. BANKS. I do not state any specific
charges. I state my own belief and that of
the committee, for in that belief I am sustained
by every member of the committee. If it
should be necessary for us to go further, and
make specific charges, and bring them before
the House as a question of privilege, we should
be reluctantly compelled to do it. But we do
not do that. All we ask is that the subject may
he brought before the House in such a manner
as that it shall comprehend what the proposi-
tion is; and we shall then be perfectly satisfied
with whatever resolution the Ilouse may adopt.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman state his objection to the resolution
as it passed the House?
Mr. BANKS. My objection is, in the first
place, that it involved appropriations of from
twenty to twenty-five million dollars. One
enterprise alone seeks for a subsidy of ten
millions, and there are four or five others which
will follow in the same track if that shall be
granted. Therefore, we want the question
whether this subject shall be referred to be
considered by the House. It is of such mag-
nitude and importance that it is worthy of
such consideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman state whether there is any subsidy
in the resolution which he seeks to rescind?
Mr. BANKS. The whole legislation on the
subject of ocean cables is referred to the com-
mittee ; but the specific points to which I
refer are embraced in the subject and will be
referred by the House to this committee. In
addition to that, sir, let me say, in further
answer to the question of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] that this resolu-
tion takes from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs a subject committed to it and consid-
ered by the committee for more than five
months, and upon which they are ready to
report, embracing, among other things, the
question of subsidies, as well as that of general
cable legislation. I now yield to the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from Massachusetts has seen fit, to make a
most remarkable statement. If I understand
the purport of that statement, it is this : that
after the whole call of States had been gone
through with from beginning to end, on the
first call on Monday last, and when the State
of Connecticut was reached in its order in the
call for resolutions, after we had been nearly
an hour in session, and when the House was
remarkably full and in a much better condi-
tion, so far as noise is concerned, than is usual
on such occasions, at that time nobody under-
stood what the purport of my resolution was.
It is a very simple resolution. It simply states
that this matter of ocean cables in the Senate
and in the House has been referred to three or
four distinct and separate committees, that
there are various clashing interests, that there
is delay, and therefsre that it is expedient that
the subject should be referred to a joint special
committee of the Senate and the House.
Now, this matter was brought to the atten-
tion of the House by myself. The resolution
was read deliberately by the Clerk. There was
uncommon deliberation on the part of the
Speaker, as he has already stated, in putting
the question to the House. The resolution
was adopted, and a motion to reconsider the
vote on its adoption was laid on the table and
other business was taken up. Then some gen-
tlemen who did not happen to know that the
resolution had been offered, it being their own
fault, come in and seek to overthrow it.
Now the gentleman says that this matter has
been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. One resolution has gone to the com-
mittee but I hold in my hands thirteen bills
and joint resolutions introduced during this
Congress in the Senate and in the House
which have been to other committees. Here
is one introduced by Mr. Dawes and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands. Here
is one introduced by Mr. O'Neill, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce ; and so
going through the list here are thirteen bills
referred in the Senate and in the House to
other committees. The Committee on E\)reign
Affairs have before them some tw« or three
bills on the subject; but they had no monopoly
of this subject given them by the House, nor
have they any monopoly of the investigations
already pursued.
The Committee on Commerce have had under
investigation before them the subject of the
cable from Florida to Cuba. But what is the
effect of all this diversity of reference ? Why,
it is simply this: that when we get gentlemen
before us they say that they are being invest-
igated before the Committee on the Public
Lands, or the Committee on Commerce, or the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, so that from the'
very commencement of this Congress we have
had this subject constantly before different
committees, without any result. When the
gentleman from Massachusetts, stepping out-
side of parliamentary usage, procured a letter
to be sent to the Senate t.tie other day, signed
by himself and seven other members of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, misstating the
action of this House, the Presiding Officer of
the Senate very properly said it had no business
there.
But in that discussion, if I may be allowed
to refer to it, the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the Senate said they
proposed no action during this session of Con-
gress. So that we have this curious state of facts
existing: these thirteen bills and joint resolu-
tions have been referred to four different com-
mittee ; no action is to be had during this ses-
sion ; and this whole subject of oceau telegraphs
between Florida and Cuba, and with Bermuda
and Holland and all parts of the civilized world,
is to be hung up, and the whole matter left in
the hands ol a'monopoly who are to-day charg-
ing threefold rates for every message they send
across the ocean. It is a state of things that
will not bear to be hung up in this way. The
commercial and mercantile interests of this
conptry will not warrant the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in saying, ''We are
the great Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
this subject must be left in our hands," be-
cause the people, we ourselves, have sent these
thirteen bills to different committees.
Now, what I proposed by my resolution was
this—and in this I believe I had the assent of
two thirds of this House—to refer this matter
to one proper committee, if you please, com-
bining on it gentlemen from the Pacific coast,
gentlemen from the Gulf coast, andgeutlemen
from the Atlantic coast; taking them, if you
please, from all the different committees to
which this subject has been referred. I have
no pride in this matter; I simply want in-
formation and action on this subject. I have
already said to the Speaker, lest it should be
imagined that I got up this resolution for the
purpose of being put at the head of the com-
mittee—I have said to the Speaker that I did
not desire to be placed on the committee. _
I want action; the subject demands action;
and when the gentleman from Massachusetts
