1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
the raising of a select committee is concerned, that
can be done by a simple resolution; but this resolu-
tion goes further, and takes from the files of the com-
mittees, out of order,_ certain measures referred to
them, and therefore it would have required a sus-
pension of the rules or unanmous consent.
"Mr. Farnsworth. And it authorizes the joint
committee to report at any time.
"The Speaker. The Chair was unusually deliber-
ate for a Monday morning call, because he saw that
the resolution involved so many points that he pre-
sumed some gentleman would make a point of order
011 it.
" Mr. Basks. Then I move to reconsidcr the vote
by which the resolution was passed.
" The Speaker. The motion to reconsider has
already been made and laid on the table. The ob-
ject of the gentleman can be reached after the morn-
ing hour by amotion to suspend the rules or by action
in the Senate.
"Mr. Myers. Would it be in order to rescind the
resolution by another resolution at the proper time?
"The Speaker. Itwould. Any resolution adopted
by the House can of course be reseindod by another
resolution of the House."
Mr. GARPTRLD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
there are only two things which I wish to say
on this matter; and the first is in reference to
what seems to me to be an attempt here to
make it appear that this action was irregular.
I have^ only to say for myself that when the
resolution was introduced I asked some one
around me—any one who could hear—what it
was about, and was informed that already five
committees had thia subject in hand, and it
was a proposition to put it into the hands of
one committee; and on that statement—and the
statement seemed reasonable to me—I voted
tor the resolution. It never dawned on my
mind that any snap-judgment was being taken
on any member of the House. If there has
been, gentlemen can say so; but, it seeins to
me, any time almost, on any Monday morn-
ing, we may challenge the good faith of reso-
lutions of this sort, passed under the previous
question, if we can challenge this.
The only other point I wish to make is this :
I have stated the ground on which I voted for
that resolution. That ground seems to me
still to be a good one, and, as the question is
to rescind it, I shall vote against rescinding it
for the same reason that I voted for the reso-
lution. I am sorry anybody was misled. I
am sorry if any one gentleman did not under-
stand it; but 1 learned all I knew about it at
the time, and I thought there was a full and
quite a lengthy pause by the Speaker before
the question was put.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mi-. WOOD. The gentleman from Ohio,
like other gentlemen on that side of the House
as well as upon this, is laboring under a mis-
apprehension of the facts. It is not the fact
that this question of ocean cables has been
referred to different cornmitiees of this House,
f hold in my hand a list of seventeen different
bills and memorials which have been referred
to the Committee on Foreign A flairs in refer-
ence to this question, and that is the only com-
mittee of the House which has had the subject
before it, which has examined it, and which is
prepared to act on it. That part of the Presi-
dent's message of last year referring to the
difficulty with the French cable was referred
by unanimous vote to the care of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and every House bill
and every Senate bill, indeed, all the proposi-
tions on the subject of ocean cables, have
been referred by the House to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. And all of these several
bills, three of them asking for a large subsidy
of from three to five million dollars apiece,
have been referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. That committee has devoted six
months to a careful investigation and exam-
ination of the whole question. And now, at
the close of this Congress, when it has been dis-
covered that that committee are unanimously
against granting money subsidies to some of
these schemes represented by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who is the
author of this resolution in fact, then they do
for the first time come in here and propose that
the investigation of that subject---*—
Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him just there?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Whatthe
gentleman has said is not true.
Mr. WOOD. Shall be referred to a joint
committee, and it is surreptitiously, without
any knowledge of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, attempted to take from it all control
of this question. I say there is something
exceedingly suspicious in the mode and man-
ner by which gentlemen have so.ught to accom-
plish, indirectly and unfairly, a purpose which
they could not accomplish through the action
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
That committee, sir, have unanimously agreed
upon and reported a bill which is on your table,
providing a general law, under which all the
different companies may come in and under
the rules and regulations there prescribed get
the right to lay cables. The committee, how-
ever, refused to recommend that any money
shall be given to any of those speculators, who
iesire to plunder the public Treasury under the
pretense of establishing an ocean cable any-
where from any part of the world. And, sir,
this is at the bottom and foundation of the
proceedings here on Monday morning, when
the resolution was passed without the knowl-
edge of anybody, without notice of any kind—
a resolution that was not audibly read when it
was read by the Clerk, without the question
being put to the House in such a way that the
House could understand and pass upon the
question. I make no reflection upon the Chair
in saying so, but in the usual manner in which
we transact the business on Monday under the
call of States, resolutions are hurried through,
the House scarcely ever understanding what
it is voting on, and we are thus made to give
an official sanction to proceedings which are
not understood.
Now all that the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] requires is
that the Senate shall return the resolution in
order that this House may understanding^ vote
upon the question. Aud if the House shall
then say that the Committee on Foreign Affairs
shall be discharged from the consideration of
that subject, and that it shall be intrusted to
a joint committee of the two Houses, I shall
cheerfully acquiesce in the decision. But 1
think it is due to fair and honest legislation,
and I think it is due to the people of this coun-
try, that we shall have an opportunity to exam-
ine this question and pass upon it in a fair,
legitimate, and honest manner before we
appoint a joint committee.
Before I conclude, I desire to refer more
particularly to what I have said with reference
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bcjtler.] I am informed lie is the author of
the resolution which was presented here by
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather.] I was applied to myself, sir, a
month ago in this Capitol, to lend my humble
vote and influence to the accomplishment of
the purpose which was sought to be accom-
plished by that resolution. I rejected the prop-
osition, sir, as I have always rejected any such
propositions emanating either from political
or personal friends.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] has stated that
the gentlemau from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] was the author of that resolution. The
resolution was my own. I did not consult
with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] at all in regard to it. He never saw
it or knew of it to my knowledge before it was
submitted to the House; and I do not think
any other gentleman from Massachusetts did,
except Mr. Dawes. I asked Mr. Dawes, who
had no previous knowledge of it, what he
thought of the proposition. He answered that
he thought it would facilitate legislation ; and,
after consulting with that gentleman, I offered
the resolution in the usual way, from my seat.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But- ,
ler] never consulted with me or said a word
to me about it. The resolution was my own.
I offered it because I believed it to be right,
and I believe it to be right now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that I never saw the resolution ; that I
never spoke to the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Starkweather] about it; and that
the first I heard of it in the form in which it
was introduced was on Monday morning, when
it was read from the desk. I did suppose that
there was an intention to introduce some law
on the subject of ocean telegraphs into the
Senate, but was not aware whether any was to
be introduced into the House.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, my statement
with reference to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] was predicated upon
two facts: first, upon the statement made to
me upon this floor that he was the author of
the resolution ; and secondly, that he himself,
more than a week before the gentleman from
Connecticut introduced it, made a suggestion
to the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs as to the introduction of such a resolu-
tion. I heard in this House that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was the author of the
resolution.
I will only say now, in conclusion, that I
hope the House will rescind this resolution in
deference to the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and in view of the fact
that every other committee of this House may
be served in the same way, and that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or the Committee
on Commerce, or the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, may any fine morning find itself divested
of all its powers by some such resolution as
this transferring its jurisdiction to a special
committee got up in the interest of some par-
ticular class for some particular, aud, perhaps,
improper motive and object.
Mr. BANKS. I yield now to my colleague,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I only want to say that I
know nothing of the origin of this resolution.
My attention was attracted to it from the fact
that I had introduced some time ago one
of these bills for ocean telegraphs, aud had
labored very hard to get some committee action
upon the subject, so that it might be brought
before the House. When this resolution was
read at the desk my attention was attracted to
it from that fact, and as an original proposition
it seemed to me then, and seems to me now,
to be the most proper thing in the world to
consolidate the action of the several commit-
tees in one joint committee, so that at this late
hour in the session the action of the committee
may be the action of a committee of both
branches, and if a measure proper to be passed
can be matured in that committee it will be
passing it almost in both branches at once. If
it were an original proposition here I should
most heartily vote for the resolution of the
gentleman from Connecticut. I cannot con-
strue it as any reflection on the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. I had no such idea in voting
for it.
There are other committees that may assume
the position of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs as well as that committee, for there are
other committees that have this matter before
them as well as that committee; and why
should my colleague think it was that com-
mittee, and fchat committee alone, that was
reflected on? If any one was reflected upon
I had no such idea. It is true I know nothing
about the origin of this resolution, but in voting
for it as I did 1 voted understandingly and
because I saw no other way, within six weeks
of the end of the session, to get through any
proposition that would result in new ocean
telegraphs. I agree with the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] most heartily on the
question of money subsidies for oeean^ tele-
graphs, and I do not apprehend there is llit
slightest danger of contrary action in this
House by any committee tluit it can raise. l-Jut
