1871.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
they are now. I prefer to stand by the bill as
it passed the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] He would, if here, vote
against the report, and I should vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cole, Davis, Flana-
gan, Hill, Howe, -Johnston, Miller, Nye, Osborn,
Pratt, Iiice, Robertson, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, Warner,
Wilson, and Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
Kin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Scott, Stearns. Trumbull, and Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Boreman, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris,
Howard. Howell, Kellogg. Lewis, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Stoclson, Sumner, Xhurman, and Wil-
ley—28.
■ So the report was concurred in.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the consideration of the sundry civil appro-
priation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3064) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I offer an amendment
which has been recommended by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an amendment
pending, I believe, since last night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present
occupant of the chair was not present at the
close of the session last evening; but, as the
Chair is informed, the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] offered an amendment
just previous to adjournment providing an
appropriation for the Sisters of our Lady of
Mercy at Charleston. The then occupant of
the chair, the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthoxy,] ruled that it was not in order
within the thirtieth rule, from which decision
the Senator from South Carolina appealed.
As it was not the decision of the present occu-
pant of the chair, he would dislike to submit
it to the Senate.
Mr. PO ME RO Y. I believe the Senator from
South Carolina withdrew the appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
ator from South Carolina withdraw his appeal?
Mr. SAWYER. I will withdraw my appeal,
but I should like to submit the amendment in
another form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the pres-
ent occupant of the chair will not rule upon
it in its present condition. It was ruled out
upon the ground of being in its phraseology a
private claim. The appeal is withdrawn.
Mr. SAWYER. Now I offer the amend-
ment in the following form, to come in as a
new section:
Sec. —. That there be appropriated for the Sisters
of our Lady of Mercy of Charleston, South Carolina,
in recognition of their attentions to the sick anil
wounded Union officers and soldiers, while said city
was under bombardment during the war, $20,000, to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not, other-
wise appropriated, and to be expended under the
direction of Sister M. Zavier, in rebuilding their
orphan asylum in said city.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay that on the
table.
Mr. HARLAN. Has notice been given of
the intention to offer that amendment accord-
ing to the rules?
Mr. SAWYER, It is the same amendment
as before.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the honorable
Senator to say that it was a different amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the amendment lie on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The point of order super-
sedes my motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I made the inquiry whether
proper notice had been given.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not been.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
appears to be a different amendment from the
other, and it has not been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr, SAWYER. I supposed it was compe-
tent to amend an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the original
amendment had been ruled in order this could
be received as an amendment to it The ori-
ginal amendment has been ruled out of order;
but the Chair will state at the same time that
he has very grave doubts whether it is a private
claim under the thirtieth rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) It has been
ruled out every year for years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont has not the responsibility of the
present occupant of the chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ver-
mont begs pardon of the Chair. The Senator
from Vermont did not undertake to criticise
the opinion of the Chair. The Senator from
Vermont only said that it had been ruled out
every time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate frankly the reasons why
he doubts. Although the occupant of the
chair last night, when the question was pre-
sented, the Senator from Rhode Island, who
has been President pro tempore of the body,
ruled the amendment to be out of order as a
private claim, he has informed the Chair that
he stated that decision doubtfully to the Sen-
ate at the time. The Chair will state why he
doubts whether this is a private claim.
Mr. HAMLIN, (in his seat.) That is not
the question before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine suggests that the question the Chair was
about to state is not before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the question will
be submitted to the Senate if there is any doubt
about it.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I understand that the
amendment is before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. The Senator from South Carolina with-
drew his appeal and proposed another amend-
ment, which the Chair rules out. The Chair
supposing that he desired the original amend-
ment to be ruled upon, was about to state his
opinion ; but at the suggestion of Senators in
their seats that it was not before the Senate,
the Chair did not present his opinion. The
Senator from South Carolina was still on the
floor, desiring apparently to test the sense of
the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will make my suggestion
formally. The question now before the Sen-
ate is a question of order ; not the question
whether this is a private claim, but whether
the amendment has been submitted to the
Committee on Appropriations—an entirely dif-
ferent question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ruled
it out on that ground, and there was no ap-
peal from that decision, but the Chair supposed
the Senator from South Carolina desired to
press the original amendment. There is no
amendment before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. ROBERTSON. I sent up an amend
ment some time ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was not in
order, there being an appeal pending which
has since been withdrawn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a point of order ;
I hope it will be considered a point of order.
If the occupant of the chair last night ruled
erroneously, hastily, and imperfectly, I hope
the question will.be submitted to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate except that the Senator
from California has risen and has been recog-
nized by the Chair as entitled to the floor. No
other Senator is entitled to the floor until he
propounds his amendment, if he has one to
offer.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have an amendment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Senator
from California is recognized. The Senator
from Minnesota cannot propose an amendment
while another Senator is on the floor, nor can
any other Senator.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from California yield to the Senator from
Missouri?
Mr. BLAIR. I wish simply to make an
inquiry of the President.
Mr. COLE. - I will yield merely for an in-
quiry.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to ask the President if
I can make the appeal now which was with-
drawn by the Senator from South Carolina?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
renewed. The appeal must be made at the
time, and it cannot be renewed now, having
been withdrawn.
Mr. COLE. If I can have the attention of
Senators for a few minutes, I should like to
make a suggestion to them which I think will
be for the benefit of all parties concerned.
Mr. President, we have now gone through
this bill; we have made some amendments
along through it, without adding much to that
which was in it when it came to us from the
House of Representatives. The House, it will
be remembered, a few days ago had this bill
under consideration, and by permitting the
addition of a great many amendments, moved
by Representatives from all parts of the Uni-
ted States, the bill was soon loaded down and
actually sank. If we are to pursue the same
course the same result is sure to follow.
There is enough in this bill as it came to us
from the House, as it was revived by them in
a new form, to satisfy the emergencies of the
country. It contains most of the pressing
measures that are now pending before Con-
gress. I, perhaps, shall be willing to concede
that there are some meritorious propositions
which Senators would desire to present if they
had an opportunity. Of the large number
of amendments which have been offered and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations I
am willing to concede that some are merito-
rious and ought to go on this or some other
bill; but while I concede that, I do not lose
sight of the fact that if the door is opened
for the ■ introduction of amendments to this
bill its loss is almost a certainty.
Mr. President, this bill contains many prop-
ositions of advantage to the country, many
that it is necessary we should adopt for the
satisfaction of our constituency. It contains
many measures of great public advantage and
benefit; but very few, if any, are put upon it
or in it, in the House or here, at the sug-
gestion of mere party, personal, or local in-
terests.
Now, my proposition or suggestion is that
we perfect this bill, the items in it. There are
some clauses in it that need perfecting, that
need to be modified in order to be in proper
shape; but there are very few of that charac-
ter. I can now recall to mind only three or
four—one suggested by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, one by the Senator from Maine; an^l
there are perhaps a few other suggestions
touching matters that are now in the bill that
ought to be considered, and then the bill will
be in such a form as it ought to pass.
We enter upon another session of Congress
to-morrow at noon ; we begin a new legislative
year to-morrow; we shall in all probability
stay here somo weeks; and I suggest that Sen-
ators allow this bill to pass as it is, for as it is
now it must be if it shall pass at all, and then
let these other measures which are now press-
ing go over to the next session, when we can
