586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
I hold in .my hand a general bill providing that
everybody may lay cables across the ocean
upon certain terms. That bill was reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs about
two weeks ago, and is upon the file of every
member of the House; and- still gentlemen
turn upon us and say that legislation is being
delayed by the non-action of that committee.
I want those gentlemen who desire to avoid
these great monopolies, who deshre to avoid
these high prices, to join with the committee
in passing that general bill, which opens the
field to every one.
Mr. Speaker, as I said some time ago, pre-
senting the question in that form is presenting
a false issue. 1 repeat that that is not the
issue. Legislation quite as early, and earlier
than in any other form, can be had by leaving
this matter under the control of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, where it has been acted
upon deliberately, considered for months; and
the result of that consideration is now ou the
files of members, ready for a vote.
Mr. BANKS. Let us now have a vote on
my resolution.
The question was upon Mr. Banks's resolu-
tion; which was again read, as follows :
Jieaolved, That tho rules of tho House be sus-
pended, ami that tho concurrent rosolution author-
ising tho appointment of a joint eommitteo on tho
subject of ocean cable legislation, and discharging
other committees from tho furthor consideration of
tho subjoct, passed January 9.1871, bo, and is hereby,
rescinded, and that a message bo sent to the Senate
requesting the return of the rosolution to the llouae.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
92, noes 5-1; not two thirds in favor of the
resolution.
Mr. BANKS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 103, nays 8'2, not voting 52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams* Amblor, Bailey, Banks,
liarry, Boauian, Beatty, Book, Benjamin, ttothune.
Bird, Blair, Booker, Boyd,OonrgoM.Brooks, James
Brook*, Buifinton. Burclninl, Burr. Churolnll, Co-
burn. Connor, Cook. Oowlos, Crcbs, Dcgenor, JDiokin-
fou, Donley,Duke, Farnsworth, Jfinkoinbnrtf.Fiahor,
Kitoh, (iota, Gibson. Oriywold, llnight, lJaMuman,
flamill, IUrru\ Uawkin.", liawley, I lay. Hill, Hooper.
Jloiulikfcrf, Thomas L. Jones, Judri, Julian, Knapp,
Laflin, Lewis, Lontf, Manning, Maishall, Mayham,
MaynarU, JMeCarthy, McCoynnek. McOvavy, Mo-
Grew, MclCenzio, MoNoely, Khukitn II. Moore,
William Moore, Morg.-m. Morphia, Mungen, Myers,
Nosloy. NiMaok, Orth, Pock, rotors, Portor, Potter,
Price, Kandali. Hooves, Rice, lingers, Roots,Shanks,
Htilec, tJwnnD, fanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsond,
Trimble, Twioheil, CJpson, Van Aukcn, Van Tiuuip,
Van Wyek, WaUaeft, Weiker, WoUs, WiUimL
"Witeher. Wolf, Wood, and Young--HM.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Armstrong, Ar-
jjtsll, Aspor, Atwood. Axtoll, ISarmuu. Bennett, Bon-
ton, Bingham, Bowen, Buok, Buckley, Burdott,
<<arllel<l. Uiltillan, Uaio, Hamilton, Hays, Hogo,
lloiuinn, Holmes, IngersoU, johnson, Kellogg, Kel-
soy, 3Ceh:lnun, bjnvrenco. Lym-h, Molvee, iMercur,
M'>roy, Darnel J. Morrell, Morrissey, O'Neill, Back-
urd, raekvr, Paiue, Palmer, Povoe, I'helps. Piatt,
Poland, Ponieroy, Prosyor, Rainey, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Soliumakor, Hcoliold, Lionel A. Shel-
don, ftloeuin, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington 0. Smith. Staikwoather, Htevons,
Btcvenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Syphcr,
lyner.CadwaladerC. Washburn, William B. WaMi-
uurn, and Williams—82.
NOT VOTING—Me^ra. A mes, Aycr, Biggs, Boles,
Ilodprick R, Butler, Oake, Calkin, Cessna. Sidney
Clarke, Cleroland JXarrall, Nathan F. Dixon, Doclt-
ery, Dux, Duval, Dyer, Ferry, llambleton, Hetlin,
Hoar, Jenckes, Alexander ii. Jones. Kelloy, Kerr,
Knott, Lash, Logan, Loughridgo, Milues, Jeasull.
Moore, bainuel 1>. Morrill, Newsham, Porter Shel-
don, feherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Stokos,
Stone, Strader, Sweeney, Taffe, Van llorn, Voor-
^heeler, Whitmort", Wilkinson, liugone
J"!'"!'Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
and VV oodwaru—-52.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WINCHESTER said: On this question
I ra paired with Mr. Voorhees, of Indiana.
If he were present he would vote in the nega-
tive, while I would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. BANKS. I now ask unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs may have leave to report at this time
the general bill which they have prepared on
the subject of ocean cables.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Several Members. Oh, no ; do not object.
Mr. BANKS. Objection being made, I move
a suspension of the rules, itx order to give the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a right to report
that bill at this time.
The question was taken; and two-thirds voting
in favor thereof, the rules were suspended, and
leave accordingly granted.
Mr. BANKS. I will not ask the House to
consider the bill at this late hour.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Let it be con-
sidered now. The gentleman says the com-
mittee is ready to report it; let it be reported
now.
Mr. BANKS. My colleague on the com-
mittee from New York [Mr. Wood] will re-
port the bill.
Mr. WOOD accordingly reported back from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with arecom-
mendation that the same do pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 2591) relating to telegraphic communica-
tion between the United States and foreign
countries.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length as follows:
Jit: it enacted hy the Senate and I/uuse of Unrrc-
eentutivee of the United Hutc/i of America in OonarettH
wnembled, That all communication established, or
that may heroatter lie established, between tho
United States and any foreign country by means of
telegraphic or magnetic linos or cables laid in any
part thereof, in and over tho waters, reefs, islands,
shores, and lands within tho jurisdiction of the
United States, shall bo subject to the following: con-
ditions, stipulations, and reservations, to wit: First.
Tho Government of the United States shall be enti-
tled to oxeroiso and enioy the same or similar
privileges with regard to tho control and use of any
such line or cable that mny by law, agreement, or
otherwise be exorcised and enjoyed by any foreign
Government whatover. Second. Citizens of tho
United States shall enjoy tho same privileges as to
the payment of rates for tho transmission of messages
us nro enjoyed by tho citi/.ons of tho most favored
nations. Third. The transmission of dispatches
shall be mado in the following order: Pirst, dis-
patches of State, undoraueh regulations as may bo
agreed upon by tbcUovornments interested ; second,
dispatches on telegraphic service; third, private
dispatches, fourth. The lines of an} such cables
shall bo kept open to tho public for the daily trans-
mission of market and commercial reports and intel-
ligence, and all messages, dispatches, and communi-
cations shall bofonvarded in the order in which they
are received, except ashereinbofoi a provided. Filth.
JJetoro extending and establishing any such lino or
cabio in or over any waters, reefs, islands, shores,
and lands within the jurisdiction of tho United
States, a written acceptance of the terms and con-
ditions imposed by this act shall bo filed 111 theoflice
of tho Secrotary of IStato by tho company, corpora-
tion, or party proposing to establish telegraphic
communication.
Sko. 2. And be it further cnacted. That subject to
the foregoing conditions, stipulatioiis, and reserva-
tions, and subjcct to such grants as have heretofore
been mado by Congress, to lay and maintain tele-
graphic cabins from tho shores ot tho United States,
the consent of Congress is heroby given to tho laying
and maintaining ot telegraphic or magnetic lines or
cables between tho United States and foioign coun-
tries, in and over tho ivators, reefs, islands, shores,
and lands witlnn the jiuisihction of tho United
States.
Skc. <>. And Le il further enacted, That any per-
son connected with any company engaged in tho
transmission ofnows to foreign countncs who shall,
contrary to his duty, disclose or in any way make
known or intercept the contents of any message or
any part thereof; and any person who shall injuro
or destroy any cable or other property of tha com-
pany, or interfere with the working, repair, or uso of
any cablo or lino connected with such cable, shall,
upon conviction thereof, be subject to a fine not
exceeding $5,UU0, or to imprisonment for a terra not
exceeding threeyears; and theparty injured thereby
shall have aright of action for damages. It shall
be the duty of tho Attorney General to prosecute
all persons offending against any of tho provisions
of this act in any district oourt of the United States.
Mr. WOOD. I have no desire to detain the
House at this late hour with any extepded
remarks upon this bill. If it is the pleasure
of the House to pass the bill now—and judging
from the vote just taken I presume such is the
case—I will waive my right to be hoard upon
the bill, and let the question be taken upon it
.now.
Mr. BANKS. Call the previous question on
the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The questiuu was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want the
privilege of stating my objections to this bill, of
putting myself right on the record, or I shall
call for the reading of the engrossed copy of
the bill.
Mr. BANKS. If that is insisted on I shall
move that the House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to call for
the reading of the engrossed copy of the bill,
the bill having already been read the third
time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are we
not to have time to consider a bill which opens
up all the lands of the United States to any-
body who may choose to engage in the business
of laying telegraph lines?
Mr. WOOD. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; arid also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUSSACK I'ltOM THE SBNATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson",
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following-title, in which
the concurrence of tho House was requested:
An act (S. No. 400) to expedite the survey
of private land claims.
hank in tfik n \vy.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to report, back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, for consideration by the House at this
time, House bill No. 1832, to regulate rank
in the Navy of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at lour o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.)tlie
House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of L. C.
Morton and GO others, citizens of Rocking-
ham, North Carolina, praying Congress to
avert evil to their State and to the nation by
establishing a system of common schools.
Also, the petition of J. R. Jackson and
CO others, citizens of Rockingham, North
Carolina, for aid from the United States Gov-
ernment to establish a system of public schools
in their State.
By Mr. AXTELL: The petition of William
G. Mills for increase of pension.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Mrs. Mary
J. Byrd, widow of Lieutenant Solomon G.
Byrd, for a pension.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
La Salle county, Illinois, for a modification of
taxes on tobacco and cigars.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Joseph Ra-
phael and others, of New York city, to relieve
the tobacco industry from repetitious tax on
sales.
Byilr. DEGENER: A petition of citizens
of Brownsville, Texas, for the erection of a
court-house.
Also, the memorial of the mayor and city
council of the city of Austin, Texas, offer-
ing a site for the erection of a Federal comt-
hottse.
By Mr. DONLEY : A petition of assistant
marshals of Washington county, Pennsylva-
