1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
Thirteen pay inspectors, who shall have the rela-
tive rank of commander; and
Fifty paymasters, who shall have the relativerank
of lieutenant commander or lieutenant; and each
and alt of the above-named officers of the pay corps
shall have the pay of paymasters in the Navy, as
now provided; and pay directors and inspectors on
duty at sea shall receive the pay of fleet paymasters.
Thirty passed assistant paymasters, who shall have
the relative rank of lieutenant or master, with the
pay of passed assistant paymasters in the Navy as
now provided; and
Twenty assistant paymasters, who shall have the
relative rank of master or ensign, with the pay of
assistant paymasters, as now provided: Provided,
however. That all laws and regulations relating to
the bonds of paymasters shall continue in fall fore©
and application, and the issuing of a new appoint-
ment and commission to any officer of the pay corps
under the provisions of this act shall not affect or
annul any existing bond, but the same shall remain
in force, and apply to such new appointment and
commission.
engineer corps.
Sec. —. That the officers of the Engineer corps on
the active list of the Navy shall be as follows:
Ten chief engineers, who shall have the relative
rank of captain;
Fifteen chief engineers, who shall have the rela-
tive rank of commander; and
Forty-five chief engineers, who shall have the rela-
tive rank of lieutenant commander or lieutenant;
and each and all of the above-named officers of the
Engineer corps shall havethe pay of chief engineers
of the Navy, ate now provided.
One hundred first assistant engineers, who shall
have the relative rank of lieutenant or master; and
One hundred second assistant engineers, who shall
have the relative rank of master or ensign; and the
said assistant engineers shall havo the pay of first
and second assistant engineers of the Navy, respect-
ively, as now provided.
Sec. —. That no person under nineteen or over
twenty-six years of age shall be appointed a second
assistant engineer in the Navy, nor shall any per-
son be appointed or promoted in the Engineer corps
until after he has been found qualified by a board of
competent engineer and medical officers, designated
by the Secretary of the Navy, and has complied with
existing regulations.
Sec. —. That ot the naval constructors, two shall
have the relative rank of captain, three of com-
mander, and all others that of lieutenant com-
mander or lieutenant; and assistant naval construct-
ors shall have the relative rank of lieutenant or
master; four chaplains shall have the relative rank
of captain, seven that of commander, and not more
than seven that of lieutenant commander or lieu-
tenant; and that tbe President of the United states
is hereby authorized, in his discretion, to determine
and fix the relative rank of civil engineers: Pro-
vided, That the pay of said officers shall not be
increased.
Sec. —. That the foregoing grades hereby estab-
lished for the staff corps of the Navy shall be filled
by appointment from the highest numbers in each
corps, according to seniority, and that new commis-
sions shall be issued to the officers so appointed, in
which com missions the titles and grades herein estab-
lished shall be inserted, and no existing commission
shall be vacated in the said severalstaff corps except
by the issue of new commissions required by the pro-
visions of this act, and no officer shall be reduced in
rank or lose seniority in his own corps by,any change
which may be required under the provisions oi this
act; and the officers of the staff corps of the Navy
shall take precedence in their several corps, and
in their several grades, and with officers of the
line with whom they hold relative rank according
to length of service in the Navy: Provided, lhat
in estimating the length of service for this pur-
pose, the several officers of the staff corps shall,
respectively, take precedence in their several grades
and with those officers of the line of the Navy with
whom they hold relative rank who have been in the
naval service six y.ears longer than such officers
of said staff corps have boon iu said service: Ana
provided further. That in estimating such length
of service officers who have been advanced or lost
numbers on the Navy Register shall be considered
as having gained or lost length of service accordingly:
And provided farther, That chiefs of'bureau may be
appointed Irom officers having the relative rank of
captain in tbe staff corps of the Navy on the active
list: And provided further, Thatno staff officer shall,
in virtue of his relative rank or precedence, have
any additionalright to quarters: And provided far-
ther, That any staff officer of the Navy who has per-
formed the duty ol chief of a bureau of the Navy
Department for a full term shall thereat ter bo exempt
from sea duty, except m time of war.
Sec. —. That officers of the medical, pay, and en-
gineer corps, chaplains, and professors of mathe-
matics, and also constructors, who shall have served
faithfully for forty-five years, shall, when retired,
have the relative rank of commodore; and officers
of these several corps, who have been or shall be
retired at the age of sixty-two years, before having
served for forty-five years, but who shall have served
faithfully until retired, on the completion of forty
years from their entry into the service, shall also from
that time have the relative rank of commodore; and
staff officers who have been, or shall be, retired for
causes incident to theservice before arriving at sixty-
two years of age shall have tho same rank on the
retired list as pertained to their position on the ac-
tive list: Provided, however, That nothingcontamed
in this section shall be construed to increase the pay
now provided for said several staff officers.
Sec.—. That the chiefs of the Bureaus of Medicine
and Surgery, Provisions and Clothing, Steam Engin-
eering, and Construction and Repair, shall have the
relativerank of commodore while holdingsaid posi-
tion, (or if heretofore or hereafter retired therefrom
by reason of age or length of service,) and shall have,
respectively, the title of Surgeon General, Pay-
master General, Engineer-in-Chief, and Chief Con-
structor: Provided, That when the office of chief
of bureau is filled by a line officer below the rank
of commodore said officer shall have the relative
rank of commodore during the timo he holds said
office: Andprovided further, That the pay of chiefs of
bureau in the Navy Department shall be the high-
est pay of the grade to which they belong, but not
below that of commodorc; and officers of the staff
now on the retired list shall have tho rank thereon
to which they would have been entitled had they
remained on the active list unless they shall be
entitled to higher rank; that commanding officers
of vessels of war and of naval stations shall take
precedence over all officers placed under their com-
mand; and the Secretary of tho Navy may, in his
discretion, detail a line officer to act as tho aid or
executive of the commanding officer of a vessel of
war or naval station, which officer shall, when not
impracticable, be next in rank to said commanding
officer, and who, as such aid or executive, while exe-
cuting the orders of thecommanding officer on board
such vessel or at such station, take precedence over
all officers attached to such vessel or station; and all
orders of such aid or executive shall be regarded as
proceeding from the commanding officer. And all
orders of such aid or executive shall be regarded as
proceeding from the commanding officer; and such
aid or executive shall have no independent author-
ity in consequence of suen detail. And staff officers
senior to the officers so detailed shall have the right
to communicate directly with the commanding offi-
cer, and in processions on shore, courts-martial, sum-
mary courts, courts of inquiry, boards of survey, and
all other boards, line and staffofficers shall take pre-
cedence according to rank.
Sec. —•. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
And the Senate agree to the xaiue.
W. SPRAGUE.
A. TI. CRAGIN.
JOHN V. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
C. C. WASHBURN,
A. F. STEVENS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conference report on the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Before we vote upon it,
I wish the Senator who presents the report
would tell us what it means on the subject
of rank.
Mr. SPRAGUE. As to the appropriation
bill proper, the House recede in general from
its disagreement and agree to the amend-
ments of the Seriate. The House appropri-
ated $95,000 for the contingent fund, but the
Senate reduced it to $50,000. The Senate
conferees recede from that, amendment. The
bill appropriated $250,000 for the purchase
of clothing and clothing materials, which the
Senate struck out, and the House conferees
assented to that. The Senate reduced the
appropriation for provisions some two or
three hundred thousand dollars, and the Sen-
ate conferees agreed to allow the amount to
stand as determined by the House in accord-
ance with the estimates of the Department.
In reference to the contract for the floating-
dock there is an amendment to perfect it, to
make plain and clear what it means.. All the
other amendments have reference to the staff
of the Navy, and the amendments made in the
conference report are more to perfect the bill
as to phraseology than to make any substantial
difference, in my judgment, from the bill which
was placed as an amendment upon the naval
appropriation bill. There are simply two points
where that difference may be expressed and
where the rank is determined by the Senate
bill. The words were "with the rank of,"
and the conference committee propose to insert
"with the relative rank of."
Mr. NYE. "To rank with" was our lan-
guage. , ,
Mr. SPRAGUE. Those are the words:
"with the relative rank of," instead of "to
rank with." The provision with regard to
the executive officer was also modified, as the
Senate heard in the report. If there is need
of any further explanation, my friend from
New Hampshire will be able to give a more
clear explanation of the whole matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Rhode Island before he sits down
what the difference is between " ranking with"
and "having the relative rank of" in this
great naval controversy?
Mr. SPRAGUE. You will have t.oask some-
body else, possessing more knowledge of words
than I profess to have.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not desire to occupy
any time 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask you that question.
Mr. CRAGIN. In answer to tbe question
of the Senator from Vermont, I say frankly
that in my judgment there is no difference.
The amendment was a little more positive in
words, and more satisfactory to the other side,
to say that they should have " the relative rank
of" captain, &c., than to say that they should
" rank with but in effect it is the same thing,
or at least I so understand it.
With regard to the executive officer, we made
some changes in the committee. This is one
of the main points of difference, and has been
in this controversy, the staff contending that an
executive officer outranks them by being exec-
utive officer, and not in virtue of his actual
rank, and that they are subject to many annoy-
ances in consequence of this executive officer.
Mr. CONKL1NG. With the permission of
the Senator, 1 wish to suggest a point to him.
He says that he understands- "relative rank
of" to be the same in effect with the words
" to rank with." I wish he would tell us what
would be tbe force of this if the word "rela-
tive" were omitted; in other words, what
"relative" means. I understand it when y oil
say a commodore in the Navy shall have the
relative rank of a major general in the Army,
there being two services separate and distinct;
I know what that means. But whenyou speaK
of relative rank in one and the same service,
what is the definition of the word "relative"
there? How does it enlarge or restrict it?
Mr. CRAGIN. I will have to g(5 back a
little to answer that question. In the Navy
there are four or five different corps. There
is the line corps, which in the English service
is called the military branch. Then there are
the medical corps, the pay corps, the engineer
corps, the constructors. They have just a3
positive rank in their corps as the line have ia
theirs by law novv; and the only reason why
they need any relative rank at all in the line
corps is to define their position with the line
officers, to give them social equality and offi-
cial equality in everything except what per-
tains to actual command. In the British service
the staff officers are called the civil branch,
and they rank with the line officers. That i3
defining their position, and that is the reason,
and the only reason, why they need any posi-
tion or rank in the line corps to define their
position in the various relations in which they
are brought; and "relative rank" or "ranking
with" defines that position just as well as pos-
itive rank. There is no sense in the world in
giving to one officer in the service two positive
ranks: a positive rank iu his own corps and a
positive rank in another corps. All that he
needs is a relative rank in the corps to which
he does not belong. It is just the same prac-
tically as between the officers of the Army and
Navy. A commodore by law now ranks wiWi
a brigadier general. He is not a brigadier
general, but he is equal to a brigadier general
socially and in public estimation. lhat is
what this proposes to do—to place these staff
officers on an equality. 
There is another provision in this bill which
determines what is known as precedence which
does not exist now. The oldest staff officers
of the Navy now rank with commanders; but
they rank junior to all commanders. The
youngest commander outranks the highest and
oldest staff officer of the line uuder the law as
it now stands and by the construction. But
by this bill they are given precedence in their
own corps and with line officers m the graded
i whero they hold this rel&tiv© r&nkj ticcoiditig
