1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to
by the Senator from California.
Mr. CHANDLER. A vote of the Senate
will settle it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to
the resolution must lie over for one day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I give notice that
I shall call it up to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that Senate bills
Nos. 683, 119G, and 1112 be made the special
order for Thursday next after the morning
hour. They are the steamship subsidy bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the motion of the Senator from Minne-
sota, that the bills indicated by him be made
the special order, in their order, for Thursday-
next after the morning hour?
Mr. SHERMAN. What are those bills?
Mr. RAMSEY. One is the bill for mail
service in the Gulf of Mexico; another is the
Australian line bill; and the other is the
European line bill.
Mr. CHANDLER,. What is the motion in
regard to them?
Mr. RAMSEY. To make them the special
order for Thursday.
Mr. CONKLING, (to Mr. Ramsey.) Oh,
no; I would not make them a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York objects.
Mr. CONKLING. No; I beg pardon of the
Chair. I was merely remarking to my friend
fiom Minnesota that I would not make them a
special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Minnesota?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not examined
those bills and am not ready to act upon them.
I hope, therefore, the motion will lie ovpr.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
must lie over for one day if objected to, as the
bilk are not now before the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. May I inquire from what
source the objection comes?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan made the objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. He does not urge the objec-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to examine
these bills. Let the resolution lie over.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to examine them
too. I do not wish them to pass until another
bill behind them is at least considered in com-
mittee, a bill now before the Committee on
Commerce, because if some of these bills
should be favorably considered 
Mr. RAMSEY. These bills have been so
long before us that we should take some action
upon them now.
Mr. CONKLING. That maybe; but the
Senator will see that if the bills that he favors
are now acted upon there will certainly be
very little opportunity for other competing
bills to be considered. There is one bill now
before the Committee on Commerce which I
should be glad to have considered before the
field is occupied by other bills. Therefore, I
hope the Senator will not take it as an objec-
tion if I should ask that these bills be not made
a special order at present.
Mr. RAMSEY. These bills have been so
long before Congress that it is certainly but
proper that we should dispose of them in some
way or other, and I hope the Senate will con-
sent to fix some early day for their considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
has gone over until to-morrow, and the Chair
recognizes the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye.]
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask a favor of the Sen-
ate which I have never asked before, that on
Friday morning next the bill (S. No. 1092) to
create a fund to be known as the "mineral land
fund, ' and for other purposes, be taken up. ,
If it should excite much debate on that day I i
shall be satisfied with saying what I have to
say upon it for the day.
Mr. WILSO-N. In the morning hour?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, in the morning hour.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that request will be
granted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada speaks so low thattlie Chair can-
not hear the proposition.
Mr. NYE. It is that Senate bill No. 1092,
to create a fund to be known as the " mineral
land fund," and for other purposes, be set apart
for Friday morning next. I desire to submit
a few remarks to the Senate on that bill in
regard to the Sut.ro tunnel.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is itproposed to
be made a special order for any day?
Mr. NYE. For Friday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator give notice of his intention to call it up
then, or does he desire it to be made a special
order?
Mr. NYE. I give the notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada gives notice of his intention to
call up the bill indicated by him, and the Sen-
ate will understand that the notice is given for
Friday next.
siiadrick saundkus and otiiells.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 1357. It is a small matter, and
I wish to put it on its passage. It will take but
a moment. I move that it be taken up.
The motion waS agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 13-57) for the relief
of Shadrick Saunders, Daniel Moore, Alexan-
der Forbes, and other citizens of Petersburg,
Virginia. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the sum of $10 80 to each of the
following-named persons: Shadrick Saunders,
Daniel Moore, Alexander Forbes, York Wing-
field, Plummer Maclin. John Garland, Junius
Lewis, William Green, Booker Whitlow, Simon
Carv, Richard Robinson, Ephraim Fisher, Rob-
ert Johnson, Oqua Mac Bailey, Edmond Ran-
dolph, Nelson Cox, Abram Bank, Jim Broad-
nox, Thomas Edward Lanier, Albert Love,
Richard A. Ivenson, James Iluffiri, Benjamin
Briggs, Asa Brander,"Edward Jones, Isaac
Hill, Peter Mitchell, Licy Chapman, David
Goodwyn, Jacob Shields, George W. Baily,
JamesNewsome, Robert Heath, Berry Holmes,
MansonGrammer, James II. Johnson, William
Grammcr, Junius Lewis. Collin Jones, Daniel
Thomas. Robert Smith, William Bishop, Ben-
jamin Wilson, Robert Johnson, Richard Lewis,
J olin Davis, JamesTull,Thomas Woody, Henry
Boiling, Reuben Maynor, William Maynor, Wil-
liam Chambliss, and Thomas Meredith, in full
for services rendered by the above-named par-
ties in the commissary department of the Army,
at Petersburg, Virginia, from the 7th to the 27th
day of April, 1805.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
a. a. 3>b long.
Mr. COLE. I move thattlie Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 039.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 659) for the relief of A. A. De Long was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out all after the
enacting clause and in lieu thereof to insert
the following:
That the Secretaiy of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to audit and settle the accounts
of A. A. Do Long, late collector of internal revenue
for the fourth collection district of Calitornia, under
the provisions of section twenty-five of the ;if't
approved June 30, ISGt. entitled " Au act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government to pay
interest on the pubiicdebt, and fur other purposes;"
and there is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not othei wise appropriated, a sulii-
cenf sum, not exceeding Si,043 £>1, to pav said A. A.
X>eXiOngsuch amount as the Secretary of tae Treas-
ury may find him justly entitled to for services and
disbui semen ts in said office for part of the fiscal year
ending June 30. 1803: Provided, That the allowance
for-services shall not cxceed the rate of $3,500 per
annum: And provided further. That he shall tarnish
to the Treasury Department satisfactory evidence
for all his expenditures.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
rublic lands in southern states.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 73. It has been before
the Senate two or three times, and was last
put over under an objection of the Senator
from Maryland, made under a misapprehen-
sion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. Ii.
No. 73) for the disposal of the public lands
iu the States of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Arkansas, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Harlan,
which was to strike out the words "or by
location" after the word "preemption;" so
that the joint resolution, if amended, will read:
Be it resolved, &q„ That from and after the passage
of this resolution all tho public lands in the States
of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Arkansas sh ail be subject to disposal under the home-
stead laws, by preemption under the same general
laws as now govern the public lands in other States
and Territories, excepting and reserving only such
reservations or grants as aro by law appropriated to
public or private uses.
Mr. HARLAN. That joint resolution, I
think, has not been before the Senate at this
session. I do not remember offering that
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Senator offered the
amendment, and, as I stated a moment ago ;
and there was an objection made to consider-
ing the joint resolution the other day coming
from the Senator from Maryland under a mis-
apprehension. The Senator from Iowa last
session, when the bill was before the Senate,
offered an amendment also under a misappre-
hension, as was conceded afterward. I would
like him to step to the desk and examine tae
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was reported on the 25th of January,
1870, by the Committee on Public Lands. On
the 25th of March it was debated in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and amended as read by
the Secretary. On the 25th of April it was
again resumed, and the Senator from Iowa
moved to strike out the words "or by loca-
tion."
Mr. KELLOGG. Now I ask the Senator
from Iowa to withdraw that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. As I understand, the pub-
lic lands in these States have been by law
reserved from sale either at public outcry or
private entry and made subject to location by
homestead settlers. Instead of repealing that
law by the passage of this bill, I think it would
be much better to make it general, so that all
the public lands in the United States shall be
subject to the homestead and preemption laws
and not liable to sale in any other mode. It
will evidently operate very harshly on the poor
people in those States, all of whom are not
colored; but a large portion of them are, and
•heretofore have not been capable, I think,
under the laws, to hold land.
This modification of the general land laws
in those States I think was provided for origin-
ally for the benefit of these poor people; and I
doubt very much whether the time has yet
come when they ought to be deprived of this
benefit. If the operation of the general land
laws should be restored to those States as here-
tofore the presumption is that all these valu-
able lands will be gobbled up by men of large
means, for the very purpose of preventing these
