1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
reports from the teachers and for the transaction
ot' such busine&3 as may come before them. The
majority of each board of directors shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business; and ail
business shall be decided by the majority of those
present. The superintendent of public schools may
attend any of the meetings for business, and speak
upon any subjcct that may come before them, and
present communications for their deliberation, but
shall not be entitled to rote.
BOABD OF EXAMINERS.
Seo. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of each board of directors to select one of
their number annually, who shall, together with
the superintendent of public schools, be a board of
examiner* for toe examination of teachers; and no
teacher shall receive any compensation from the
school fuud unless a certificate from the commis-
sioner is presented that such teacher has passed such
examination. The said board of examiners shall
meet annually, and as often during the year as
either of ibe boards of directors may require.
enumeration op children and their privileges.
SEC. 12. And be it further enacted. That the board
of directors of each school district shall make or
cnuse to be made an annual enumeration in July of
all i he unmarried white and colored youth, noting
them separately, between the ages of six and eight-
een years, resident in sueh district, designating
between male and female, and return a certified
copy forthwith to the superintendent of public
schools, which shall be filed in his office. It shall
also be their duty to provide school accommoda-
tions, as far as prac'icable, with thw means placed at
their disposal, for all the children between the ages
named, and to determine wnat particular school
each scholar shall attend ; and do distinction shall
be made on account ot race or color, so that all un-
married youth r^jdentin the District of Columbia,
between the said ages of six and eighteen years,
Bhsill be entitled to and receive equal benefits of the
public schools of their respective districts. And
that, for the purpose of making the enumeration
provided in the foregoing section, the board of com-
missioners of the Metropolitan police in the District
of Columbia Jire hereby authorized and required to
supply the services of police lorce on due requisition
of tho several boards of directors, and in accordance
"with their iustructions.
amount op school fund.
Sec. 13. And beit further enacted, That for the sup-
port  l the public schools of the District of Colum-
bia there shall be provided annuilly by«he corporate
authorities of Washington lor the Washington dis-
trict. by the corporato authorities of Georgetown for
the Georgetown district, by the levy court lor the
subuib.m district, the following amount: for each
of said districts such an amount as the several boards
of directors may determine, provided it does not
exceed one half of one per cent, nor is less than
one fourth of one per cent, of the amount of tax-
able property in each district ; said r.mount being
an estimate made by said board of directors of each
disirict of the sum required in each district to meet
all the sc.iool expenses of tho ensuing year, includ-
ing the Severn! amounts required lor teachers' sal-
aries, for buildings and repairs and purchase of
giound, if any, for Jurnituro and apparatus, for the
care and rent of school-ro^ms. fuel and stove fix-
tures. general supplies, printing and contingencies,
and for other salaries and school-district expenses,
and for the requirements of the board of education. |
method of raising the school fund.
SEC. 14. And be it further enacted. That the school
fund shall be raised in the following manner: in the
Washington andGeorget« wndistrictsa direct school-
tux shall be levied upon all the taxable property
therein by the municipal authorities of Washington
and Georgetown; in the suburban district a direct
school-t«ix shall be levied upouall the taxable prop-
erty by the levy court, the amount of such taxes
when collected shall be deposited as often as once a
month to the credit of the school fund of theseveral
districts, subject to draft for school purposes only.
The amount levied in all the school districts shall
be sufficient to raise three fourths of the amount
required, and the remaining one fourth shall be
paid in quarterly installments from the United
States Treasury upon the order of the respective
boards, providing Congress shall not make a dona-
tion of public lands or make other provisions to
advance thc cause of education in the District.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall toko effect from and after its parage.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted. That all acts or
parisot acts of the corporation of Washington and
Georgetown and the levy court contrary to the pro-
Visions of this act be, and they are hereby, repealed.
Mr HAMILTON. I am instructed by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to
offer the following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Section three, page 2, in line six strike out the
words "mayor," and insert in lieu thereof "Gov-
ernor;" and in line seven strike out ** board of
aldeitnen of said city," and insert iu lieu thereof
•'council."
In line eight, after tho word "seventy " add "one."
In lino ten strike out "mayor " and insert "Gov-
ernor."
Strike out a'l after line twenty-two, in section
three, and insert " and suburban districts shall each
be under tho control of a board of three directors,
residents of said districts, respectively, to be ap-
pointed id thesame manner as those of the Washing-
ton district, and be divided into the same number of
classes, each class to continue in service for thesame
perrod of time as those of the Washington district,
and in like manner to continue in office until their
successors are appointed."
Strike out all after the enacting clause in section
eight, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 8. That the Governor, by and with the advice
and consent of the council, shall appoint a treasurer
for each of the Washington, Georgetown, and subur-
ban several districts in the District of Columbia for
the term of threeyears.andtocontinuein office until
their successors are appointed and qualified, and
who tJiall give such bond and security, and shall
receive such compensation as the Legislative Assem-
bly may determine; and i* shall be the duty ot said
treasurers to make requisitions upon the Governor
for the amount required for school expenditures in
their respective districts,and shall disbursethesame
upon the order of the board of directors, and each of
said treasurers shall attend all the meetings of the
board of directors <?f their districts, respectively.
In line forty-five strike out " five hundred."
Page 9, section nine, strike out a 11 after the enacting
clause in section nine, to the period in line thirteen,
and insert " that a secretary shall be appointed for
each of the Washington, Georgetown, and suburban
school districts in like manner, and for the s«me
term, and who shall receive the same compensation
as the treasurers of said districts."
Page 11, section twelve, in lines thirteen and four-
teen, strike out the clause ** and no distinction shall
be made on account of race or color."
Page 12. section thirteen, strike out in line four
all alter the word *" the," to and including the word
"district," in line seven, and insert "Legislative
As.sembiy."
Strike out in section fourteen all after the word
"Washington," to and including the word "dis-
trict." in line six, and insert "Georgetown and
suburban districts."
In line eight strikeout "levy court" and insert
"Legislative Assembly."
Mr. HAMILTON. That is the unanimous
report of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and I demand the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask ihe gen-
tleman a question. I have not examined the
bill, and want to know whether it provides
that the Government shall bear any part of
the expense for the schools of the District of
Columbia; and, if so, what portion?
Mr. HAMILTON. One fourth.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the idea I had
of the bill, that it provides that the Govern
raent of the United States shall defray one
fourth of the expenses of the education of the
children of ihis District. 1 do not know on
what principle the Committee for the District
of Columbia act, in asking us to provide that
the rate payers of the United States, after hav-
ing been taxed largely and in many instances
beyond their means to pay for the education
of the children of their respective States, are
to be brought here to the city of Washington
and again taxed to educate thechiMcen here.
Why should the property of this District be ex-
empted from bearing the expense of the edu-
cation of the children in the District any more
than property in other localities is exempted
from bearing the expense of educatiou in
those localities?
I know it is frequently said that there is
a large floating population here, and that it
would be unfair and unjust to impose the bur-
den of the education of the children belonging
to that floating population upon the property
of this District. But, in answer to that, I say
that it is the floating population which mainly
disburses the money upon which the people
of this District live. We all know that there
is over ten million dollars disbursed here every
year by the Government of the United States,
through its employes, which, or a large por-
tion of it, finds its way into the pockets of the
people ot this District, and goes to make up
the sum total of the value of the property of
the District.* And now it is proposed that, in
addition to all that, the people of the balance
of the United States shall be taxed for ihe
purpose of educating the youth here. I am
opposed to the bill for this and other reasons.
And 1 desire that, the House shall vote under-
standingly upon this proposition when it does
vote on it. it seems to me that what I have
stated is itself a sufficient reason why this bill
ought not to pass.
Mr. HAMILTON. In the bill just passed
by the House it is provided in section twenty-
three—
That it shall be the duty of said Legislative As-
sembly to maintain a system of free >ch'>ols for the
education of the youth of said Dustier, and all
moneys raised by general taxation or f rising from
donations by Congress, or from other sou *cc.<, except
by bequest or devise, lor school putpo.-es, shall be
appropriated for the cqu.tl benefit of all the youths
of said District between certain ages, tc be defined
by law.
The bill now under consideration provides
in its fourteenth section—
That the school fund shall be raised in the fol-
lowing manner: in the Washington «  d George-
town districts a direct school-tax shall be levied
upon all th etaxable property therein bj *ho muni-
cipal authorities of Washington and Georgeiowu,
and in the suburban districts a direct rchool-tax
shall be levied upon all the taxable property by tho
Legislative Assembly. The amount ot such t.jxe3,
when collected, shall be deposited as often as once
a month to the credit of the school fund of the sev-
eral districts, subject to draft for school purposes
only. The amount levied in all the school districts
shall be sufficient to rai^e three fourths of the sum
required,and the remaining one fourth shajl bp paid
in quarterly installments from the Uniied States
Treasury upon the order of the respective boards,
providing Congress shall not make n donation of
public lands, or make other provh-ions to advance
the cause of education in the District.
As soon as other more acceptable provision
shall be made by which the District of Columbia
shall have a fair share in the liberality of ihe
Government toward the great cause of educa-
tion, the obligation imposed by this section
will be discharged.
The census of 1870 returns the number of
white children between the ages of six and spv-
enteen years at 17,408, of which number 1,715
males and 2.194 females attend private schools,
and upward of 2.000 attend charity schools;
ihe number attending public schools is 5,88$.
The number of colored children between the
ages of six and seventeen years in ihe Disirict
of Columbia is 9.285, of which number 2.800
attend public schools, 467 private schools, and
138 areadmitted to charity schools This gives
us as a sum total 9,000 out of 26,000 children
of school age, here under the shadow of the
Capitol, enjoying the benefits of free educa-
tion, partaking of the advantages of fiee
schools, ana that almost without s\stem or
legal responsibility. These evils and mis-
fortunes it is pioposed to lemedy by the bill
now submitted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts I wis-h
to ask if all properly of the Government is not
exempted from taxation in ihe District, and if
it is proposed to tax such property here ?
Mr. HAMILTON. Not under this biU.
Now, I would like to ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] what State in the
Union has not received appropriaiion^, either
in money or in pubiic lands, for the benefit of
education? Not one. But there was never,
from the organization of Government, until,
1 think, 1802, any appropriation of any con-
siderable amount for the support of educatiou
in this District. There never has been any
appropriation of the public lands for the sup-
port of education in this District. Thtie never
has been any common-school system or any
system at all of education in the District ot
Columbia.
We have before the Committee on Education
and Labor, of which I have the honor Jo be a
member, a bill providing for the donation of
several million acres of the pubiic domain for
education in the District of Columbia. The
public property and the public reservations in
the District are not taxed by the c ty ; and
twenty-eight per cent, of the children who at-
tend school in this city are the children of em-
ployes of theGovernmentofthe United States,
who pay no taxes. I think it is perfectly just,
proper, and right that the Government of the
United States should make this contribution
for the benefit of education here in the capital
of the nation.
Mr. BliNJAMTN. Tf the gentleman will
perma me, 1 would like to make a reimwk
in reply to what he has just said, and which
will apply equally well to the inquiry of uie
