1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the mo-
tion of the Senator from Oregon, the Secre-
tary will report the bill, and the Chair will then
put the question on taking it up for considera-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
its being read.
The bill was read.
Mr. THURMAN. If that bill be taken up
and conaidered till one o'clock will it be left
as unfinished business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not; it
will go back upon the Calendar at one o'clock.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Oregon, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of this bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1054) to incorporate the Japan Steam
Navigation Company was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section one, line four, to
insert the word "and;" and in line five, in the
list of corporators, to strike out the words '' and
Samuel K. Holman."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
twelve, to strike out the words "of New York"
and to insert the words "where the principal
office of said company may be located;" and
in line sixteen, after the words "New York,"
to insert the words "or San Franciscoso
that the clause will read :
Notice of the time and place of the first and every
subsequent meeting of the stockholders shall be pub-
lished in at least two newspapers in the city wnere
the principal office of said company may be located,
and mailed to each stockholder at least fourteen
days before theappointed day. The principal office
of said company shall be in the city of New York or
San Frauuisco.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as section
six, the following:
Skc. 6. And be it further enacted, That nothing con-
tained in this act shall bo construed to authorize any-
thing in conflict with the treatios or laws in force in
anyo.ountry where said corporation may do business.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the amendments reported by the committee.
The bill is now before the Senate and open to
debate or amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
not paid attention to these amendments nor
to the details of this bill. They may he very
right for all that I know; but my objection to
the bill is that it is an application to Congress
for a charter to do a business that requires no
congressional charter whatsoever. If this com-
pany wants a charter let it apply to one of the
States in which it proposes to have its domicile.
If it is to be domiciled in New York, let it
apply to the Legislature of New York for a
charter; if it is to be domiciled in California,
let it apply to California.
Now, sir, the object of coming to Congress,
I take it, is pretty clear. In the first place,
by coming to Congress they hope to get rid
of the provisions of the constitution of New
York, if they were to apply to that State for a
charter, that impose alimited personal liability
upon the stockholders of the company ; and
in California the same. In my judgment, those
are wise provisions of those State constitutions,
and I do not like for myself to see companies
created without those wholesome provisions.
I do not say there should be an unlimited
personal responsibility, but there should be a
responsibility that goes as far as the statutes
of those States go.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will suspend his remarks. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment last evening is
before the Senate, being the bill (H. R. No-.
2414) ceding certain jurisdiction to the State
of Ohio, on which the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Cakpexter] is entitled to the floor.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, one of his
Secretaries, announced that the President had
this day approved and signed the act (S. No.
818) for the relief of the Kentucky University.
ohio soldiers' ii031e.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. I!.
No. 2414) ceding certain jurisdiction to the
State of Ohio.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
an amendment to the bill in line three, to
strike out the words "the jurisdiction over the
place" and in lieu thereof to insert " all the
title, right, and interest of the United States
in and to the property."
Mr. CARPENTER resumed and concluded
the speech commenced by him yesterday. [The
entire speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cragix
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
line three, to strike out the words "the juris-
diction over the place," and in lieu thereof to
insert "all the title, right, and interest of the
United States in and to the property."
Mr. CONKLING. Will the corporation that
now holds it cease then to be invested with the
title?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I do not
care whether you cede jurisdiction or cedc
the land.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to go with the Sen-
ator for the best thing ; but I wish to under-
stand it.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to argue a
question which has already been argued so
fully, and which has been so well put this
morning by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] but only to call the attention of
the Senate to it that they may understand what
they are voting upon. The amendment being
rejected, this bill is now a proposition to cede
to the State of Ohio jurisdiction over property
owned by the United States for the purpose
of an asylum for disabled soldiers. As^ was
read to the Senate yesterday from a decision
made by Judge Story, it is not competent for
Congress to take a cession of land for one of
the purposes mentioned in the clause of the
Constitution which I read yesterday, to wit,
for the seat of the national capital, for forts,
arsenals, hospitals, or the like; it is not com-
petent for Congress to take any such cession
limited by a qualification that the State shall
have even concurrent jurisdiction with the
Federal Government over that territory, much
less that the State can have exclusive juris-
diction over it; because the Constitution of
the United States, the supreme law of the
land, declares that over all territory owned
by the United States for such a purpose Con-
gress shall have exclusive jurisdiction. Then,
obviously, if it is not competent for Congress
to accept from a State a grant of territory, the
State reserving jurisdiction over it, or even a,
qualified jurisdiction over it, where the terri-
tory is used for one of these purposes, as a
matter of course Congress cannot cede away
the jurisdiction of the United States.
As I said yesterday, and as the Senator from
Wisconsin has so well said this morning, this
bill is simply an attempt to cede away one of
the powers conferred by the Constitution upon
Congress. Now, you can no more cede away
this power conferred by the Constitution upon
Congress thau you can cede away any other
power. You might as well attempt to cede
away the power to make war. This bill is so
plainly unconstitutional that I hope it will not
receive any votes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply wish to under-
stand this bill. Judging from what was said by
the Senator from Ohio nearest me [Mr. Sheb-
hast] yesterday, this bill is intended to main-
tain the jurisdiction of the United States over
this asylum so that the Rules and Articles
of War may be applicable thereto. I under-
stand hiin to say that this bill preserves that
jurisdiction. Now he proposes to cede the
jurisdiction over this asylum to the State of
Ohio. How can the State of Ohio have juris-
diction over this asylum while the United States
has jurisdiction so that the Rules and Articles
of War apply to this asylum? Suppose" this
bill is passed, and the supreme court of Ohio
should decide that the jurisdiction of the United
States is still maintained so that the Rules and
Articles of War apply, would not the court
hold that this bill did not give these soldiers
any right to vote ? It seems to me that one of
two things must follow: either that the United
States must have jurisdiction, or that the State
of Ohio must have jurisdiction.
But the bill proposes, in the first place, to
cede the jurisdiction to the State of Ohio, and
then, in the concluding paragraph, it pro-
poses to reserve the jurisdiction of the United
States, and so have a divided jurisdiction, if
possible; a jurisdiction that will enable the
United States Government to treat these men
as soldiers, to subject them to the Rules and
Articles of War, and give the Stale of Ohio
jurisdiction enough to allow them to vote.
Will this bill produce that result? I want
these men to vote, if possible; and I wish to
know whether the result of this action will not
be that the court will still maintain that these
persons have no right to vote because they
are subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know how easy it is
for a lawyer so eminent and able as my friend
from Oregon to get sometimes a point in his
mind which it is difficult to divest him of.
This difficulty does not grow out ot any act of
Congress. This difficulty is the result of our
own unnecessary and foolish act in the Legisla-
ture of the State of Ohio, done with the best
of purposes, to aid and promote the establish-
ment of this institution. The authority con-
ferred upon this institution is contained in the
acts of Congress, ample, full, complete, and
perfect, every power and authority. But the
State of Ohio, without the request of any mem-
ber of Congress, without any requirements of
law, without any provision in the act of Con-
gress that contemplates a cession of jurisdic
tion by the State of Ohio to the United States,
passed the first section of the act which has
been so often referred to, ceding jurisdiction
to the United States, There was no necessity
for it. The United States had ample jurisdic-
tion without regard to it. The United States
might establish an asylum in any State of the
Union.
The property is private property, bought by
private individuals. The State of Ohio in
ceding this jurisdiction to the United States
attached two conditions. Those conditions our
supreme court declare to be null and void, but
they hold that the cession is legal, and the
result is that Ohio has ceded to the United
States supreme jurisdiction over this land, and
has not even the right to serve her ordinary
civil process on any person within the miie
square; and thus the effect of this cession by
the State of Ohio has been not only to deprive
everybody there of the right to vote, but of
all civil rights, and of the very rights expressly
reserved by the proviso in the law of the State
of Ohio.
The sole effect and object of this bill as it
now stands is to repeal so much of section one,
all that is left of that act of the Legislature of
Ohio, and relieve the people of Ohio and the
soldiers who are inmates of this asylum from
