542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the disabilities under which they labor as the
result of the decision of the supreme court
of Ohio. The effect of this bill will be, not
to weaken this charity in the slightest degree,
but to authorize the soldiers to vote, being
governed by the same laws and rules in regard
to their voting as are applied to any other
citizens of Ohio.
Mr. BAYARD. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] struck me
as particularly applicable in this case. Here
has been by an act of the Legislature of Ohio
a cession of a particular tract of land, with the
needful buildings, to the United States. What
does that amount to? What does it mean?
What kind of cession can the United States
accept? The language of the Constitution is
that they must accept it with exclusive juris-
diction, with the power to exercise exclusive
jurisdiction over that territory. There can be
110 such thing as a mixed jurisdiction over
territory owned by the United States and held
within the States. The language of the Con-
stitution is imperative and distinct on that
point, that they shall exercise exclusive legis-
lation.
Here, then, is a bill, as I yesterday stated—
and it seems to mo my statement cannot be
strengthened by any argument; the language
is too plain and too forcible to have anything
added to its own simple force and strength—
here is a bill which attempts to create a mixed
jurisdiction between the State and Federal
authorities in regard to a subject-matter that
by the Constitution must be exclusively com-
mitted to one or the other; and it professes
to cede to the State this jurisdiction, and in
the same breath contains a retraction of the
whole and a retention of it within the power
of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have listened
to most of this debate, and wit.Ii considerable
interest. I really have not found the difficulties
in the way of this legislation that other and
abler lawyers than myself seem to lind. I think
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayauh] is
quite right in assuming that in a given case
the Congress of the United States must have,
not a mixed or joint right of legislation, but an
exclusive power of legislation. 1 say " in a
given case." What is that case ? It is when-
ever the Government of the United States shall
acquire, either by cession of the States or by
grant from other parties, the title to lands for
certain purposes; one of the purposes being
for the location of a capital; other purposes
bemgthose named in the clause. The found-
ing of a hospital is not named. I am told that
the supreme court, of Ohio have held that it, is
included in these other purposes mentioned in
the clause of tlie Constitution. Suppose it is ;
but it is not enough that the Government should
want territory for the purposes mentioned in
the clause ; they must obtain the title to the
land for that purpose. And that is not enough
to give them this exclusive power of legislation,
but they must have the assent of the State to
it. In other words, the purposes must, exist;
then the title must be obtained by the Govern-
ment, and it must be obtained within the limits
of a State ; and then there must be the con-
sent of the State given to this exclusive power
of legislation.
Now, what has been doneinthis case? Con-
ceding that the founding of a hospital is one
of the purposes prescribed in the Constitution,
it is a purpose which the Government could
cherish or could let alone as it chose. What
has it done? I will concede that it has not let
it alone; I will conecde that it lias cherished
it to a certain extent; but has it obtained the
title to any land anywhere for the purpose
of founding such a hospital upon it? As I
listened to the statement of fact yesterday
presented by the honorable Senator from Ohio
aver the way, [Mr. TiicrmaxJ 1 did not un-
derstand that the United States had obtained
the title to a foot of land anywhere for this
purpose. I did think from his statement of
the case that every particle of title to the
premises occupied by this hospital was just as
much in a corporation, and that they held it
just as independently of the control of the
United States, as any railroad corporation
in the State of Wisconsin holds its land inde-
pendent of the control of the State of Wis-
consin. I thought that was so.
But, then, has it obtained the consent of
the State of Ohio ? What did Ohio assent to?
Did Ohio consent that the United States should
have exclusive power of legislation over this
territory? The act of Ohio, instead of con-
senting that Congress shall have exclusive
power of legislation, simply declares:
"The jurisdiction of the lands and appurtenances
which may be acquired by donation or purehaso by
tho managers of tho National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers within the State of Ohio, for the
uses and purposes of said asylum, he. and is hereby,
cedcd to the United States of America."
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to ask my col-
league if that act be not an unqualified consent
on the part of Ohio to the acquisition of the
title to that property for that purpose ?
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, I can
only say in reply to that question that there is
not a word said about title. On the contrary,
instead of its being a consent to the United
States acquiring title, the whole scope of the
section looks to the title being acquired by
somebody else, the managers of the asylum ;
and what does it confer on the United States ?
Mr. TIIURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question if it does not inter-
rupt his argument?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. TIIURMAN. If this property does not
belong to the United States, and belong to it
for one of the purposes specified in the clause
of the Constitution that has been read, then I
ask the Senator from Wisconsin where the
General Assembly of Ohio acquired any power
to cede away the State jurisdiction over it?
Could the State of Ohio cede away the State
jurisdiction over property owned by a railroad
or by a banking corporation?
Mr. 110 WE. That question is not suggested
to me now for the first time. The moment I
read the act it suggested itself to me. But what
jurisdiction does i his section undertake to cede?
it says that tho United States may have juris-
diction over that, place. Had they not juris-
diction before this act was passed? Is there
any spot in the State of Ohio that the United
States have not jurisdiction over? I do not
know of any such place. Jurisdiction it has
everywhere ; the jurisdiction prescribed by the
Constitution. It, is less in the States than in
the Territories; it is greater in the District of
Columbia, and over your arsenals and forts,
than in either States or Territories; but it
has jurisdiction everywhere ; and all that, this
act says is that the United States may have
jurisdiction.
Now, let, me say in reply to my colleague
[Mr. pARl'EXTEit] that if you will insist that
the title lo this land is in the United States,
then I contend this section does not apply to
it at all, because the operation of it is limited
expressly, not to lands the title to which is
vested in the United States, but to lands the
title to which is vested, either by purchase or
by donation, in the managers of this asylum.
Mr. CARPENTER. The asylum being a
corporation created by act of Congress for the
purpose of taking the title and holding the
land for this public use.
Mr, HO WIS. Exactly. The title must be
taken by somebody and for some purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask my col-
league in that connection this question : in fifty
years from now, when every soldier intended
to be benefited by this charity is in his grave,
who will be the owner of that property—the
United States or this corporation? Is it not
a governmental corporation, a political cor-
poration, whose property and franchises are
at all times subject to the control of Congress;
and cannot Congress to-morrow repeal their
charter and sell that property as public land?
Mr. HOWE. These are very different ques-
tions.
Mr. CARPENTER. They go directly to
the question of ownership.
Mr. IIOWE. That may be one of the ques-
tions which enter into the consideration of
that point; but I wish Senators would con-
fine themselves to the language of the act. I
will concede, for the purposes of this argument,
that this title is in the Government. I do not
believe it for a moment, if I understood the
act that was read yesterday; but if it is, then
this first section does not apply to it, for if I
give land to-morrow to that, corporation cre-
ated by the statutes of Ohio I want to know
upon what reasoning in the world it is to be
said that the United States own that land which
I donate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform my friend
that a good many private gifts have been
made to this corporation, among the rest a
very excellent one from a lady in Massachu-
setts, who gave to this institution a very valu-
able library. There are many private gifts
which it has received. These managers own
a large amount of personal property given in
that way.
Mr. HOWE. I saw by tho charter as it
was-read yesterday that it was contemplated
that such donations should be given. But if
I mil wrong in any of these piopositiotis, I
think I cannot be wrong in saying that the
United States of America and the managers
of the National Asylum for Disabled Volun-
teers are two different—what shall I call
them? Bodies-politic? They are not tho
same individual; they are not the same per-
son ; not the same thing, whatever you please
to call them. This act is talking about lands
donated to the managers of that asylum. If
you say that these lands near Dayton are
owned by the United States, then I say this
act does not refer to them. I do not see, .
myself, what effect the act of Ohio had to
increase the jurisdiction of the Congress of
the United States, or to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the State of Ohio.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, inclined
as I am entirely to vote the best mode of
accomplishing the wish of the Senator from
Ohio nearest me, [Mr. Sherman1,] I will state
frankly tho difficulties that I have ; and I wish
tho honorable Senator from Wisconsin who
has just taken liis seat [Mr. Howe] would
do me the favor to set me right in my facts
if I be wrong in my understanding.
After the war had closed, there being many
sufferers from it, the purpose was formed of
making provision for some of them in the State
of Ohio. That purpose was executed in brief
in this wise: an act of Congress authorized
the devotion of funds described in that act,
which funds would otherwise have ultimately
found their way into the Treasury of the United
States, to the purchase of premises and the
erection of buildings to be used as a homo for
those to be provided for. That act created
a corporation for the purpose of taking the
title of the property and conducting the insti-
tution thus provided for.
The State of Ohio passed an act,, lo which
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin has
just twice referred, not undertaking to give
title to anybody, because the elements of the
case did not admit of that. Title was to be
acquired by purchase in the market, as any-
body would have purchased, and so it was
acquired, there being license given to receive
private donations, as the honorable Senator
from Ohio nearest m^has just said. But, con-
fining my remarks now to the basis of all this,
to the real estate and the original provision
made, title to the real estate was acquired by
purchase, and was conveyed by the vendors to
this corporation, which was the instrumentality
