1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
extent as to pr< duco injury to an innocent
third parly. It in wrong to sell or give intoxi-
cating liquors to a husband, so as to bring
injury upon a wife in her person, property, or
means of support. It requires no high degree
of moral instinct to perceive this. And every
person who sells or gives snould know and see
to it that he will not thereby do wrong or injury
to those depeudeut for support on the person
receiving the intoxicating liquor. Who will
deny that this is a moral duty? And if it is,
then to neglect i. ia a wrong ; and when that
wrong results in njury to innocent third per-
sons the party guilty ofcausingoreontributing
to it should be held accountable. What law-
yer will say that for this wrong there should
be no rpmedy ? It is the policy of wise states-
manship to give a remedy for every wrong.
This bill is not prohibitory of any privilege
which any the most liberal in the moderate
use of intoxicating liquors could desire. It
says to every man, " You may sell, you may
give away;" and to all "You may drink
intoxicating liquors;'' or rather it does not
propose to interfere with these privileges now
authorized or not restrained bylaw. But it
does say to all "If you wiil enjoy these priv-
ileges you shall do so in a manner or to an
extent not to injure innocent third parties."
This bill does not profess to be a remedy for
all the evils of intemperance. I am ready to
go for other legislation of a just and reasonable
character on that subject.
But the bill is one which gives a right of
action to every person who sustains an injury
by reason of the sale 'of intoxicating liquors
to any person on whom the person injured
depends for assistance or support, or on whom
such person has any claims. For instance,
this bill authorizes a wife to bring an action
against any person who shall sell intoxicating
liquors to her husband to such an extent as to
render him incapable of performing all the
duties which a husband ought to perform.
[Long continued laughter.] This bill gives a
right of action to every parent [renewed laugh-
ter] 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. All right; Igiveitup.
Mr. Speaker, 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 43, noes 79.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the yeas aud nays.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. I desire to make an
inquiry of the author of this bill as to whether
it is intended that the remedy provided shall
be cumulative, whether it is designed that
there shall be a right of action as well against
the person who furnishes the liquor as against
the person who inflicts the injury ?
Mr. COOK. As I understand the bill, it
gives the injured party only a choice, not a
cumulative remedy. The party may recover
damages, if he chooses to do so, against the
man who sold the liquor.
Mr. PARNSWOHl'H. Would not the effect
of the bill be to exclude the right of action
against the man who did the injury?
Mr. COOK. Oh, no ; I think not. The
parly has the choice of two remedies, but only
one satisfaction.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether this bill, if enacted into a law,
may not operate to the prejudice of innocent
persons? For instance, a man, after dining
with a friend who has offered him wine, or a
stranger in the city, after leaving the table at
the hotel, may go to a restaurant or somewhere
else, and become intoxicated, and in that con-
dition may commit an injury. In such cases
may not the pariy first offering or selling the
liquor, although entirely innocent, be held
liable under the phraseology of this bill?
Mr. COOK. The manifest intention of the
bill is that every person who aids in intoxi-
cating another shall be held responsible in
damages.
Mr. MAYNARD. Should not the bill say
"knowingly aud designedly," or something
equivalent?
Mr. PICKEY. Is it intended that the in-
jured party shall have the right to a joint or a
separate action ?
Mr. COOK. He has a choice of remedies,
but only one satisfaction.
Mr. DICKEY. Suppose a man drinks lager
beer at one place, and afterward takes a pint of
whisky at another, who is responsible in that
case?
Mr. COOK. The bill provides that the in-
jured party shall have but one satisfaction.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 109, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Bnraum, Benja-
min, Bethune, Biggs, Bird. James Brooks, Burr,
Calkin, Conner, Dickey, Dox, Duke, Dyer, Finkeln-
burg, Getz, HoMeuian, Hale, Hawkins, Hoy, Hol-
man, Johnson.ThomasL. Jones. Kerr, Lafiio, Man-
ning, McCormiek, Mercur, Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Potter, Price,Randall, Reeves. Seofield. Sher-
roii. Shober, Slocum. Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann,
Taffe, Tanner, Van Trump, Yoorhees, "Winchester,
Wood. Woodward, and Young—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett,
Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burehard, Roderick E. Butler, Cessna,
ChurchiM, WilliamT. Clark, Sidney Olarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cobur'n, Conger. Cook.Cowles,
Crebs, Dawes, Dickinson, Dockery, Donley. Duval,
El a, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield,
llamiit, Hamilton, Hawley, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Lash, Lawrence. Lewis, Logan, Long,
Louschridge, Marshall, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
McKenzie, William Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morreil, Myers, Negley, News ham, O'Neill. Wil-
liam W.Pame, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps. Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prosser, Itainey, Itice, Roger?,
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks. John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Stevens, Stoughton, Strickland,
Sypher, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Up-
son. Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washbarn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard, Williams, and John 'T. Wil-
son—lfe.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Ax-
tell, Bailey, Banks, Beck. Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Bowen, Boyd, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake.
Cleveland, Corker, Cox, Cullom, Darrall, Degener,
Joseph Dixon." Nathan F. Dixon, Eldridge. Fitch,
Fox, Gibson, GilUllan, Uriswold, Haigbt, llamble-
ton, Harris, Hays, Ilefim, Hill, Hoge, Holmes,
llotchkiss, Ingersoll, Kellogg, Kuapp, Knott, Lynch,
Mayham, Maynard. McCarthy, McNeely, Miines,
Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Orth, Packard, Packer, Ualbert E.
Paine, Peters, Pomeroy, Sanford, Schuuaaker,
Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthingtou C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strong, Sweeney, Trimble. Tyner, Van
Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Whitmore. Wil-
kinson, Eugene M. Wilson. Winans, Witcher, and
Wolf—79.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. POTTER. Ihope the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me to offer an amendment
to limit the operation of the bill to the District
of Columbia. I am willing to support it so far
as regards this District.
Mr. COOK. I will allowthe amendmentto
be offered. I had intended that the bill should
be so limited.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out after the words " District of Columbia"
the words, "and all the Territories of the
United States."
Mr. LA WHENCE. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on Mr. Potter's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
Gl, noes 50 : no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appoiuted Mr. Potter and Mr.
Lawrence.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 85, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the reading of the
engrossed bill.
'The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I make the point of order
that that is not the bill ordered by the House
to be engrossed. It does not contain the
amendment that was just adopted.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York makes the point of order that this is not
the bill ordered to be engrossed by the House.
There is in the bill which was read by the
clerk brackets inclosing the words " and all
the Territories of the United Slates," wmch
were stricken oat on the motion of the gentle-
man's colleague. The Chair sustains the point
of order, that this is not the identical bill
passed by the House, and it therefore goes to
the Speaker's table.
education in the district op columbia.
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of
|l privilege, and that is to enter a motion to
ii reconsider the vote by which House bill No.
|| 2066, in reference to education in the District
i; of Columbia, was ordered to be engrossed.
!l The SPEAKER. The engrossment of that
|| bill has already been reconsidered once, and
ll as the power of reconsideration has been
|! exhausted, the Chair cannot entertain the
ij motion.
l! DISTILLED SPrUITS.
|| Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by nnan-
II imous consent, from the Committee of Ways
|> aud Means, reported a bill (H. 11. No. 3048!
jj to provide for the exportation of distilled
I' spirits ; which was read a first and second time,
i| ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
washington city canal.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a joint res-
olution (H. It. No. 570) relative to the Wash-
ington city canal; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the power heretofore conferred on the
commissioners for the improvement of the
Washington city canal by the act approved
July 15, 1870, shall be construed to apply to
both branches of the canal south of Virginia
avenue, as laid down upon the original map
of the city of Washington, through the prop-
erty heretofore taken or appropriated to said
canal now remaining unsold, and which may
be reclaimed; and that said commission shall
have power to lease any land reclaimed by the
improvement of the Washington city canal for
a period not exceeding five years at one time ;
provided that all moneys received from such
source shall be applied to defray the expense
attending such improvements; and provided
further, that nothing herein shall be construed
so as to authorize said commission to take any
private property or property belonging to the
United States.
Mr. WILLIiVMS demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; aud under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS raoved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
venango national bank.
Mr. SCOFII3LD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, aud agreed to:
Reunited, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House in what manner the
Government, acquired title to certain lauds in For-
est county. State of Pennsylvania; how many tracts
or pieces there are, with the number of acres in each ;
whether the same were not acquired by the United
