1871.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There are about eighty thousand square miles
of country that have never been explored.
There are Indians living there, but nobody
knows where they get water and grass. It is
a country that private parties have been un-
able to explore. Many expeditions have been
fitted out but without success, until about
a year ago a young man belonging to the en-
gineer department, Lieutenant Wheeler, com-
menced the exploration of this very interest-
ing and very peculiar country. There is one
portion of it known as Dent's valley, lower
than the bed of the ocean, in which there is
no vegetation; but it is said to be very rich in
minerals. Owing to the want of knowledge
of the country, it is impossible to explore it
by private enterprise. This young man com-
menced the exploration, and at a cost of ten
or eleven thousand dollars has proceeded and
made a map of a large section of country which
is exceedingly useful and has led to the dis-
covery and development of agreat many mines.
There is a strong desire on the part of many
of our people that this country shall be ex-
plored. It is recommended by General Hum-
phreys, by General Ord, by General Schofield,
and by the Secretary of War, that the plan of
this young engineer shall be carried out. Gen-
eral Humphreys tells me that the appropria-
tion l'or which he estimated would be suffi-
cient, but it turns out that he made his estimate
on the basis of returning the unexpended bal-
ances of last year. His amendments that came
in that shape haveall failed, and consequently
in order that this may be done, which I think
is the most important exploration now on the
continent, I hope the amendment will be
adopted. This is one of the most valuable
regions, and the military departments say it is
no doubt the most important military recon-
noissance now remaining to be made. _ For
that reason I hope the amendment will be
adopted. It is a good expenditure of money.
Mr. COLE. This is about the last feather.
It is but a feather; it is only $50,0001
Mr. POMEROY. I have one more.
Mr. COLE. I think this is for such an un-
usual purpose, the exploration of some eighty
thousand miles of territory which is now occu-
pied by Indians, that we had better not make
this expenditure now. If those Indians are
discovered it will add very much to the expend-
iture of the Government for the support of
Indians, which is already far too large. Our
Indian bill was loaded down very much, some-
what after the style of this bill 
Mr. POMEROY. The committee of con-
ference will take care of it.
Mr. COLE. We have no assurance that it
will go to the committee of conference. I am
rather in fear that the House will agree to all
our amendments at once, and so obviate the
necessity for any conference committee ; or if
it does go to a committee of conference, as
suggested by my friend from Kansas, we have
no certainty that it will strike off this appro-
priation of $50,000 or anything else. I think
it is about the only meritorious demand that
has been made here this night; it is to open
up a new country, I concede, but it is not in
the line of public buildings.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest that it does not
cost you anything to take care of the Nevada
Indians, and part of these are iu Nevada. \Ve
propose to civilize them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
jocosity has gone about far enough. I was
about to propose an amendment in order to
make this amendment complete, for an astro-
nomical observatory on the summit of the
Rocky mountains, [laughter ;] but I forbear,
and move to lay the amendment, with all the
amendments to it, on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves to lay the amend-
ment and the pending amendments thereto
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 28, noes 21.
Mr. PATTERSON. I offer an amendment,
to come in on the seventeenth page, after line
three hundred and ninety-seven:
For the relief of destitute aged colored personam
the District of Columbia, $12,000; such sum to be
received and distributed by the National Freed-
men's Belief Association, a chartered soeiety of the
District.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will be adopted.
Mr. PATTERSON. J will say that this is
part of an appropriation provided for in a bill
which the Senator from Massachusetts not
now in his seat [Mr. Sumner] was authorized
by the Committee on the District of Columbia
to report to the Senate, and which is now upon
the Calendar. He has not been here to call
up that bill. It is very important that an ap-
propriation should be made, to keep some two
or three or four thousand of poor people, aged
people, who are dependent upon this aid for
support. They are really in a suffering con-
dition, and this appropriation ought to be
made.
Mr. COLE. This is one of the most danger-
ous amendments offered to night. It promises
to open up a discussion on the subject of slavery
and the whole negro question. I hope it will
be laid on the table at once. I make that
motion.
Mr. PATTERSON. That will be very dan-
gerous to the people for whom aid is called for,
for they will die without it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The motion is not debat-
able. The motion is that the amendment lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-one,
noes not counted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move the following
amendment,from the Committeeon Commerce,
to come in after line seventy-one, on page 48 :
To reimburse the oity of Detroit, Michigan, the
amount expended in laying a wooden pavement in
front of the Marine Hospital property in said city,
$1,800.
This is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury. The money has been expended.
Mr. COLE. No notice has been given to
the Committee on Appropriations of this
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; I served
notice on that committee yesterday.
Mr. COLE. Then I move that it lie on the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. The_ money
has been expended in paving the street in front
of the Marine Hospital. There is uo objec-
tion to it. There can be none.
Mr. COLE. It is a private claim, and I
think there is no law for it. I move that the
amendment lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is not a private claim
at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable. The motion is to lay
the amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have another amend-
ment to offer, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to come in after line thirty-three on
page 2, "for increasing the salary of the con-
sul at Matamoras, Mexico, $2,000 per annum
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, and
thereafter." I ask that the letter of the Sec-
retary of State on this subject, which I send
to the Chair, be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Depabtmknt of State,
Washington, D. C., February 23,18(1.
Sir: It may be within yourrecollection that when
Mr. Thomas F. Wilson, the present consul at Mata-
moras, was last year appointed a bill was pending
before theSenate increasing the salary 01 that omce
from $1,U00 to $2,000 a year.
The bill, however, did not then pass, and the
consideration of the measure does not appear to have
been resumed at this session. In view however,
of the importance of. the consulate at that Place,
espeeiallv in connection with the question of the
Sree Zone m Mexico, it seems to this Department
that the proposed increase of the salary .is just and
proper; and it is recommended accordingly. If it
could properly be done by an amendment to the
deficiency or any other appropriation bill, that
course might be adopted.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.'
Hon. Z. CHANDLER; Chairman of the Committee o 
Commerce, United States Senate.
Mr. COLE. I think this bill is no proper
place for this provision. It may be a defi-
ciency, or it may be a matter that properly
belongs to the Committee on Commerce; but
if it is a matter properly belonging to that
committee, its chairman should have put it
on his bill, the river and harbor bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not belong there.
Mr. COLE. I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. In behalf of the Commit1
tec on Appropriations I offer an amendment,
to come in after line one hundred and ninety-
seven on page 51; and I will say in regard to
this item that it was omitted by the House of
Representatives by mistake, as the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations of the
House assuresme: " For rebuilding light-house
at Cleveland, Ohio, $50,000.'"
Mr. COLE. I move to lay that on the table.
There is need for light-houses at a great many
places where they are not built.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope before the Sen-
ator does that he will allow me tp explain this
amendment. There can be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. COLE. I cannot, of course, object to 3
statement by some one on behalf of it.
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose that I have the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina is entitled to the
floor on his amendment if he claims it.
Mr. SAWYER. The report of the Light-
House Board explains the matter thus:
"Cleveland, Ohio, Lake Erie.—An appropriation
was made March 3, 1869, of ?45.000 for rebuilding
the light-house tower and keeper's dwelling at
this place. A temporary structure was erected, and
the light exhibited from it August 9, 1870, pre-
paratory to the removal of the old and the com-
mencement of the construction of the new tower.
Directions were given August 16 to suspend'further
operations, in consequence of the available funds,
which had been appropriated little over a year,
having reverted to the Treasury, under tbe oper-
ation of the fifth and sixth sections of the act of
July 12,1870, at which time the old lantern and a
part of the masonry of the tower had been taken
down. The engineer of the district, under authority
from the board, had previously entered into a con-
tract for tbe delivery of stone for a wall of inclosure
on the east and north sides of the light-house site,
and for all the necessary excavation. The delivery
of the stone had not commenced, and the execution
of the contract was suspended. By suspending the
work the station has been left in very bad condition.
The widening of the street in front of the old tower
by the city authorities, with the sanction of theGov-
ernment, was at the same time suspended, although
itliad already made considerable progress. The old
tower has been covered over, and all tools ana
materials remaining on hand safely stored to await
a reappropriation to recommence the work.'
This is the report of the chief of the Light-
House Board, who accompanies the special
recommendation with a letter, and Mr. Dawes,
the chairman of the House Committee on
Appropriations, says that it was left out of the
bill by an error in the House.
Mr. COLE. This is the very last thing, I
presume, that Ohio has to ask for.^ She has
had almost everything else, and I did not sup-
pose there was even this left back. There
ought to be something left for Ohio to come
here for next year, and I move that this amend-
ment lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ohio has asked for noth-
ing, and gets less than any other State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
California, to lay the amendmenton the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is simply to correct a
clerical mistake. I hope it will not be laid
on the table. .
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 29, noes 17.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate for one moment to one prop-
