1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
States a? theereditorof the Venango National Bnnk,
if so,.what was the original indebtedness to the Uni-
ted St.ites, how much of it has been paid by the
receiver of said bank, and how much through other
sources, and what are the assets of the bank at the
present time. Also, whether any incumbrance ex-
isted against such lands at or before the time the
Government took possession, and it so, on what por-
tion aud quantity: wh ther any such incumbrance
has been since paid by the United States, and if so,
When, how, and by what authority. Also, what the
estimated value m >y be of such lands in detail, and
if any disposition by lease or sale has been made of
them by the Government, and if so, the terms thereof.
baltimore and poto-uac railroad.
Mr. GILFILLAN, from- the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
an amendment, the bill (H. K. No. 3014)
supplementary to an act to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac Rail-
road Company into and within the District of
Columbia, approved February 5, 1867.
The bill was read as follows:
Be it mar-ted, &c.. That the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to erect over tneir tracks on Virginia avenue,
between west Sixth street and west Seventh street,
in the city of Washington, a passenger depot build-
ing covering the following-described area, to wit:
commencing at the intersection of the building line
of south side of south C street produced to the build-
ing line of east side of west Seventh street; produced
thence along last-mentioned line southward to a
point; thence by line parallel with, and forty feet
distant from, building line of southerly side of Vir-
ginia avenue to a point in building line of west side
of west Sixth street; produced thence by last-men-
tioned line northward to a point; then by line par-
allel with, and lorty feet distant southward from,
building line of northerly side of Virginia avenue
to a point; thence northward by a lineparallel with,
and eighty feet distant eastward from, the building
line oi east side of west Seventh street, produced to
a point in building line of south side of south C street;
produced thence by last-mentioned line westward
to the place of beginning.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read as follows;
Add after the words "place of beginning" the
following: " which shall be of the same style of
architecture as the depot of the Pennsylvania rail-
road, at the city of Lancaster, in the State of Penn-
sylvania: Provided, That the assent of the munici-
pal authorities of the city of Washington or of the
District of Columbia be first obtained to the erection
of said depot.
Mr. KELLEY. "Would it be in order to
move to amend the amendment by striking
out the provision that this shall be placed
undet municipal control? The avenues are
now under the control of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman in charge
of the bill will state whether he is willing to
admit as pending the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
LET.j
Mr. GILFILLAN. I am willing to admit it
to be voted upon, and demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. COOK. I object to striking out the
words objected to by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. SHANKS. I understand that the ob-
ject of this bill is to make a depot in the mid-
dle of a street or avenue in this city?
Mr. GILFILLAN. It is proposed to erect
a shed over the railroad track, to be supported
on iron posts, and to be used for depot pur-
poses, occupying eighty feet of theone hundred
and sixty, which is the width of the avenue,
and leaving eighty feet of the avenue entirely
unobstructed for all purposes of travel.
Mr. SHANKS, it is proposed, then, to
erect a depot eighty feet in width, to be putin
the middle of the avenue, surrounded by all
the necessary arrangements of a depot 
Mr. GILFILLAN. I decline to yield far-
ther to the gentleman.
Mr. WELKER. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. GilfillauJ will allow me,
1 should like to make a suggestion to him.
The gentleman from the Philadelphia district
[Mr. Keixey] has stated that the avenues of
this city ar- under the control of Congress,
and he wa ,ts to have an amendment adopted
if such a character that the municipal authori-
ties of ibis District shall not requite to be con-
sulted. I desire to state to the House that his
theory is not correct, but that the avenues and
the streetsand the alleys of thecity of Washing-
ton are all within the control of its municipal
authorities, and under the territorial bill will
be under the jurisdiction of the territorial gov
ernment. The gentleman's statement that the
avenues are under the control of the General
Government is not correct.
Mr. KELSEY. Does this bill authorize the
company to use any part of the avenue for the
erection of its depot?
Mr. GILFILLAN. It does. It provides a
width for the depot of eighty feet, leaving forty
feet of the avenue on each side. I may state
further that it is not to be an inclosed depot.
The amendment reported by the committee
provides that it shall be in accordance with the
plan and style of architecture of the depot in
the city of Lancaster, Pennsylvania. It will
be supported by iron posts, leaving tracts along
which carriages may drive. There will be
no obstruction any further than in the posts
supporting the roof, and eighty feet of the
avenue will be left entirely unused, which is
wider than Chestnut street, in the city of Phil-
adelphia.
I may also state that that part of the avenue
on which the depot is to be erected is now un-
occupied. It is simply a goat-pasture. There
is scarcely any travel upon it. The railroad
now has the right of laying its track, aud this
bill provides simply for the erection of a roof
over the track as a protection for travelers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man who has reported the bill whether the
putting up this shed will incumber the avenue
or incommode the public any more than if
the company had merely a platform on which
to receive and discharge its passengers?
Mr. GILFILLAN. I think not. It will not
obstruct the avenue or incommode the public
in any way, except in so far as the erection of
the posts will do so. It authorizes substantially
no obstruction beyond what the company have
it now in their power to make.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the owners
of the adjoining property be at all injured
by this ?
Mr. GILFILLAN. No; they desire it,
because it will enhance the value of their
property.
Mr. NEGLEY. Is not the granting of this
privilege in fact more for the accommodation
of the public than for the benefit of the railroad
company?
Mr. GILFILLAN. It is entirely for the
accommodation of the public.
Mr. COOK. I want to say that the com-
mittee agreed to this proposition only upon
the assumption that this should meet with the
approval of the municipal authorities of Wash-
ington. I myself believe that it would bean
advantage to the neighborhood in which it is
to be located.
Mr. NEGLEY. And to the whole city.
Mr. COOK. Yes; but especially to the
neighborhood in which it is located. I went
down there myself and took occasion to con-
sult the owners of property, and they univer
sally desired to have the depot there; but I am
not willing to consent that it shall be placed
there without the assent of the municipal
authorities.
Mr. NEGLEY. What harm will it do?
Mr. COOK. Let it be done under the su-
pervision of the municipal authorities of the
city of Washington. I do not want to give
corporations any rights here in opposition to
the authorities.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment reported by the
committee was agreed to.
The bill, us amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and Slso
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
corporations in district of columbia.
Mr. GILFILLAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2978) to
amend an act entitled "An act to'provide for
the creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law," approved May 5,
The bill was read, as follows :
Beit enacted, &c.t Thatsection five of the act to pro-
vide for the creation of corporations in the District
of Columbia by general law, approved May 5,1870,
entitled ''cemeteries, ineoiporation," be, and the
same is hereby,'amended as follows:
In the first clause of said section strike out the
word "fifty" and insert "one hundred;" so that it
will read; "said persons so associated shall have
power to acquire by gift, grant, or purchase any lot
or lots of laud not exceeding one hundred acres."
The second clause of said section, is hereby
amended to read as follows:
'JChe officers of said corporation shall be a presi-
dent, vioe president, secretary, and treasurer, aud
three directors.
The third clause of said section is hereby amended
by striking out the word "first" and inserting in
lieu thereof the word "fifth;''so that itwiil read,
" the first election of officers by the persons asso-
ciating according to and for the purposes specified
in the fifth section of this act."
The fourth section of said act is amended so as to
read "at each subsequent election of officers of said
incorporation the owner orowners of a lot or lotsia
said burial grounds shall be entitled to one vote
for each lot owned by htm or them respectively in
the election of officers of said corporation and no
more, and shall, by virtue of such ownership, be a
member of said corporation."
The seventh clause of said section is amended so
as to read us follows : " notless than one fifili of the
proceeds arising from the sale of lots in the forego-
ing section prpvided for shall be applied, appropri-
ated, or used in improving and ornamenting the
cemetery, and the said corporation shall have a right
to define the duties and fix the compensation of all
its employes.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House do
noiv adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to give
notice to members that the House, by the
order made yesterday, will meet on and after
to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. Before the motion to adjourn
is put I desire to make a report from the Com-
mittee on_ Appropriations.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. COOK. I yield to my colleague on the
committee from Maryland, [Mr. Stoxe,] to
make a report on a subject which he has spent
some time in investigating.
public highways in tub district.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (II. R.
No. 3051) to authorize the establishment of
certain free and public high ways in the District
of Columbia, ami for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes aud directs the proper municipal author-
ities of the District of Columbia, within sixty
days from and after the passage of this act, to
locate, construct, and maintain a free public
highway on and over that part of the Colum-
bia turnpike road which leads from the bound-
ary of the city of Washington to the boundary
of the District of Columbia toward the village
of Bladensburg, in the State of Maryland, and
which is now commonly called the Bladeus-
