1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Marcli 3,
Osition, and I will not spend any time upon it;
but I want the sense of the Senate on it if I
can have the attention of the Senate for one
jnoraent. The Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads reported several bills for reviving
our commerce in the Pacific. The Senator
from Oregon who sits beside rae [Mr. "Wil-
liams] made a most earnest and effective speech
on,the subject. • It cannot be repeated, but I
do; want the sense of the Senate on that one
proposition. I send it to the Chair and move
it as an amendment to this bill. I want a vote
of'the Senate simply to test the sense of the
Senate. I think we ought to do that thing.
The Committee on PoptOffices and Post Roads
unanimously think so. It extends for six years
a mail contract from San Francisco by the
way of the Sandwich Islands to Australia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry, to inquire whether the amendment pro-
posed has been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. It will be
reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object to debate
until it is read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendment, and was interrupted J)y
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to move to lay it
on the table before it is read.
Mr. POMEROY. Let. us hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will first
be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That the PostmasterGenoral is hereby authorized
and directed to extend tho service now existing for
the transportation of tho mails between San Fran-
cisco and theSandvvich Islands to New Zealand and
Australia, for tbe period ot six years from the eom-
menceraentof the extended service, at an additional
compensation not exceeding &300.UUU per annum:
Provided, That the on tiro scrvico between San Fran-
cisco and New Zealand and Australia shall consist
ofthirteon round tripsin each year,to be performed
in first-class American-built steamship*, of not less
than two thousand tons register burden.
Mr. POMEROY. I think if the Senate will
express their sense now whether we ought to
make an appropriation of this kind* or not it
will be satisfactory ; but 1 insist upon it that
having reported these bills, and they having
been before the Senate at three different times,
it is due to the subject that there should be a
vote.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to hear from
the Senator from California on this question.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that be a test-vote,
then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the amendment be laid on the
table?"
The motion was agreed to 5 there being on a
division—ayes 20, noes 1G.
Mr. POMEROY. I have one more amend-
ment, and only one, and if the Senate lay this
on the tablej I believe they would lay the Ten
Commandments on the table. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is where they ought
to be, so that we could consult them all the
time. [Laughter.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
And there is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
'the sum of $10,000, for the use and benefit of the
Women's Christian Association of the District of
.Columbia, to bo expended under the direction and
only by order of their board of managers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order?
Mr. POMEROY. It is in order.
Mr. HARRIS. I would say that the Com-
mittee 011 the District of Columbia have had
this proposition under consideration, and they
authorized the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] to report a bill granting this
amount. I think it ought to be given.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been reported
by two committees. The Women's Christian
Association occupy the buildings in Judiciary
'square. It is a corporation that has been sup-
ported oneyear by voluntary contributions from
the churches ; it provides for destitute women
and children of the most helpless class in the
community. I think this commends itself to
the Senate. I do not believe it can be voted
down.
Mr. COLE. I must remind the Senator of
the very great necessity there is of getting
through with this bill within a comparatively
short time. As yet it has not been reported
to the Senate, and the House must have it in
a very short time or there will be no oppor-
tunity for its passage. I have heard from the
House that within a comparatively short time
the bill must be there. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] brought that
word, and I think we should dispose of the
stiil pending questions without much further
delay. Now, 011 account of the want of time
as one reason, and as another reason because
we have voted to lay 011 the table a proposi-
tion to take care of the aged colored people
of this city, and have refused an appropria-
tion like this for another sisterhood, equally
meritorious I have no doubt, that of St. John,
I move to lay this amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on laying on the table the amendment of the
Senator from Kansas.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-
eight, noes not counted.
Mr. CORBETT. • I offer the following
amendment:
Provided, That all lines, penalties, and forfeitures
heretofore or that may be hereafter incurred under
the aet^entitled, respectively, "An act to extend the
laws of the United States relating to customs, com-
merce, and navigation over the territory ceded to
tho United States by Russia, to establish a collection
district therein, and for other purposes," approved
July 27,1868, and "An net to prevent the extermin-
ation of fur-bearing animals m Alaska," approved
July 1, 1870, shall be disposed of according to the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to regulate
the disposition of the proceeds of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures incurred under the laws relating to
ihe customs, and for other purposes," approved
March 2,1867.
I offer this amendment from the Committee
on Commerce, and it is absolutely necessary
in order to prevent the illicit trade in the Rus-
sian possessions that we have acquired. The
Senate has substantially agreed to this amend-
ment, and I am directed by the Committee on
Commerce to offer it to this bill. I will ask
that a paper whiclTI hold in my hand be read
if a further explanation be necessary. [4< No !'*
"No!"]
Mr. NYE. For the purpose of bringing
that to a head, I move that it lie on the table.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon is on the floor, and sends to the
desk a paper to be read.
Mr. CORBETT1. I ask that the whole paper
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The Treasury Department decides that the pro-
visions of thejiot relating to Alaska, July 27,1868,
and July 1,1870, which impose fines, penalties, and
forfeitures are not "laws relating to the customs,"
and therefore not within tho provisions of the act
of March 2,1867, nor of any other act oi distribution.
"All the reasons which apply in support of such dis-
tribution elsewhere 111 the customs bear with ten-
fold force m Alaska, where the oliices arc few, the
territory immense and pooiiy peopled, and oppor-
tunities for evasion of law numerous and attractive.
The profits to be derived from illicit trade in whisky
and arms, &c., with the natives are immense, and it
is out of the question to induce persons to iucur the
odium and danger as well as trouble of giving in-
formation and aid for the suppression of this traffic
unless some reward is offered. At present there is
no provision for rewarding any such service, how-
ever ruentoiious.
"Itis indispensable to make such provision,or the
officers will be powerless to do anything of con-
sequence in that direction, since the violations of
law aro committed in remote places, out of the
officers' peisonal observation, and cannot possibly
be discovered but by means of an informer.
" It was supposed that the act of March 2, 1867,
would apply to thc*e laws; and all thcseizures made
aud fines collected there have been upon inform-
ation. from persons who not only understood but
were promised by the officers that they should
receive the usual share, the officers fally believing
that the law covered it. Tu many eases the informers
have incurred considerable expense in procuring
the proofs and communicating tho information, for
which now the law, as construed, allows no com-
pensation."
Mr. CORBETT. I will further state that
this is approved by_ the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and it is very important that it should be
adopted.
Mr. COLE. It has no proper place on this
bill, an appropriation bill. It can come up by
itself. I move that it lie on the table.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 27.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs 011 agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move to amend by
adding $3,000 for the surveyor of the port of
Galveston. Texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would
scarcely be germane to this amendment. The
amendment is still pending.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I thought that was
through.
Mr. FOWLER. This amendment proposes a
new expenditure, a new item of appropiiation.
Mr. CORBETT. Oh, no; no appropria-
tion. It is to protect us against illicit trade.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported again. It proposes to pay-some
officers for their services, at any rate. I want
to see how it is done and what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Even if it does
involve an appropriation, which the Chair
does not think it does, it is to carry out an
existing law according to its terms.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not make any point
of order. I onlv want to understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The amendment of Mr. Coebf.tt was read.
Mr. FOWLER. Here, Mr. President, is a
proposition to reward officers, to give them a
certain amount of the proceeds of these fines
for their service in discovering crimes. It is
virtually an appropriation. , Heretofore these
receipts have been covered into the Treasury
as so much actual money ; these officers got no
portion of the amount of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures; but now they are to take one half
of the whole, for the purpose of enabling them
to discharge their duties ! I think this amend-
ment, above all amendments, ought to be laid
on the table. It is a provision such as ought
never to be placed on the statute-book. It is
simply an inducement to pay men for doing
their duty, and is a reward for plunder, for
spoils, and for pilfer.
Mr. CORBETT. This same provision ex-
tends to our customs laws now, but it was
omitted in applying those laws to Alaska. The
collector says that it will be impossible for him
to enforce the laws and get information unless
this provision is adopted, and there will be
illicit trade with that country unless it is
adopted.
Mr. NYE. How much do you propose to
give each spy ?
Mr. CORBETT. The same as is given now
under the customs laws. I do not remember
what it is.
Mr. NYE. 1 undertake to say there is no
necessity for this. The same money that is
appropriated for custom-house purposes can
be applied in this way as well as in any other
to detect fraud.
•Mr. CORBETT. Under the supposition that
these laws extended to Alaska cargoes of
goods have been confiscated that have gone
from California up there in order to trade.
Men have taken whisky into that country to
trade with the Indians. Our officers have con-
fiscated those goods. Unless they can have
the benefit of this law it will be impossible to
prevent that trade. Now, I appeal to the Sen-
ate to adopt this amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. There is another point in
it. If I understand it now. there are citizens
Trading from California and from Oregon to
Alaska with Indians, and it is proposed now
to seize and confiscate their goods. Is that
the case?
