5U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the Senator from Wisconsin, that if the land
is owned by the United States, then the Ohio
act giving the consent of that State to the pur-
chase of the land is of no avail. That is the
Senator's proposition. Now, Mr. President,
does not the Senator see at once that if that is
the case, if Ohio has never given any consent
to the acquisition of this land by the United
States, then the United States have no exclu-
sive jurisdiction over it? The United States
can only have exclusive jurisdiction overland
purchased for forts, arsenals, and the like,
within a State, where the State gives its con-
sent. And if this act is wholly inoperative,
as the Senator seems to suppose it is, then
the State of Ohio never has given her consent,
then the United States has no jurisdiction
over it except that general jurisdiction which
it has over all territory within the limits of the
United States, and then it has no jurisdiction
to cede back to Ohio, none whatsoever; Un-
certainly it will not be pretended that the
United States can cede its general jurisdic-
tion to anybody. It cannot cede that general
jurisdiction which it has in Ohio to the State
of Ohio. Certainly the Senator does notintend
that. Then, if it could cede its exclusive juris-
diction, which I utterly deny, which I say is
just as impossible as for it to cede its general
jurisdiction, it has no exclusive jurisdiction to
cede upon the reasoning of the Senator from
Wisconsin; and if that is the case, then tiiis
bill, if you puss it, is a mere nullity ; it accom-
plishes nothing in the world.
One word more, Mr. President, and then I
shall not trouble the .Senate further. I said
that it had been decided by Judge Story in a
case which 1 hold in my hand, The United
States us. Cornell, 2 Mason, pages (i-t, tio, and
GO, which X will not trouble the Senate by read-
ing, and approved by every commentator who
has written upon it, and allirnied by numerous
decisions of tho State courts, that it was not
competent for Congress to accept a grant of
land I'nr one of these purposes—111 this case of
Cornell it was for Fort Adams—with any con-
dition that would militate against the exclusive
jurisdiction conferred by Lhe Constitution upon
Congress over all such territory, because that
would be for Congress by contract or compact
to part with a power conferred upon it by tho
Constitution.
Mr. ilOWK, I simply wish to know if I
undeistand the position taken by that case.
Do 1 understand the Senator from Ohio to say
that the court held that Congress could not
accept a grant of laud for one of the purposes
mentioned in this clause of the Constitution
unless they acquired at the same time exclu-
sive power of legislation over it?
Mr. TI1IJRMA N. Certainly; I do say so.
Mr. HOWE. Then we are to infer from the
decision, I take it, that if Congress desired to
build a fort in a.State which would not consent,
to the exercise of this exclusive jurisdiction
the fort could not bo built.
Mr. TUURMAN. I will answer that Con-
gress has power, undoubtedly, to condemn
property for a fort, for the public use, and to
acquire the ownership of it. It has power to
buy property; and if it were to see fit to build
a fort on it without, obtaining the consent
of the State—I speak of property within the
State—the jurisdiction of the State would not
be ousted; Congress would not have exclusive
jurisdiction over it., because the Constitution
requires the consent of tho State. That is very
true. Rut we do not suppose that Congress
would ever do any such thing ; nor is it to be
presumed, unless there was a state of war with
the Stale, that any State would ever withhold its
Consent. It. does not matter that Congress may
b'ly properly for an asylum without obtaining
the consent of the State to its acquiring exclu-
sive jurisdiction. Suppose it did do so ; what
results from that? Congress has simply its gen-
eral jurisdiction, just the same as it has over
territory that is not used for any such purpose.
I say again, admitting that Congress may buy
land—and I do not controvert it—for an asy-
lum, and may not obtain the consent of the
State, and may maintain an asylum there, hav-
ing the general jurisdiction that it has over all
other territory not used for any such purpose,
then it has nothing but that general jurisdic-
tion, and that itcannot cede away to the State.
This bill, then, must go upon the theory that
Congress has acquired exclusive jurisdiction
over this territory, and upon that theory alone.
Now, I say it can no more cede away its exclu-
sive jurisdiction than it can cede its general
jurisdiction. But if the Senator is right in
saying that the State of Ohio has never given
its consent, then Congress never has acquired
exclusive jurisdiction, and then this bill, as
it comes from the House, absolutely cedes
nothing.
An idea that I intended to mention yester-
day will show at once how necessarily correct
the decision of the supreme court of Ohio was.
I will say, however, that all of these questions
mooted by the Senator from Wisconsin come
within the decision of the supreme court of
Ohio. In the first place, they decide that this
{asylum is a "needful building" within that
clause of the Constitution. In the next place,
j they decide, and must have done so, that the
United States has acquired the title. In the
third place, they decide that the State of Ohio
has given her consent. lOvery one of those
propositions was necessarily involved in that
decision; and without maintaining each one
of them that decision could never have been
made. These matters, therefore, are reu adju-
dicata; and 1 am content to rest upon that
decision and the reasoning of it.
if this territory is thus subjected to the juris-
diction of a power foreign to the State ot 0[iio
in that sense, can it be doubted that the juris-
diction is exclusive? The decisions abun-
I dautly show that for no net done there can any
! man be indicted in the criminal courts of Ohio.
\ Suppose there is bribery in that asylum to in-
| duce a man to vote, and the man votes either
j in the asylum or votes out of the. asylum—it does
i not make any difference which—the bribery
takes place in the asylum. Bribery in an elec-
tion is punishable by the laws of Ohio. But it
could not be punished in this case. Suppose
that intimidation or oppression, which is like-
wise punished by the laws of Ohio in respect
to elections, takes place in the asylum, you
cannot, punish it at all. Not one of the safe-
guards that are thrown around the ballot-box
by the laws of Ohio can bo onfoiced within
that district.
Mr. 1IOWH. If tho Senator will allow me,
although I am not particularly interested in
this branch of the discussion, 1 desire to sug-
gest that 1 think before he could maintain his
| present position he has got to establish, first,
j not merely the matter iu dispute so far, that
| is, that exclusive jurisdiction is iu the General
1 Government, but he has got to establish the
| fact that the particular offense which you want
I to punish is committad within this jurisdiction
and not outside of it.
Mr. THUBMAN. So I say.
Mr. HO WIS. I understood the Senator to
say that it made no matter whether tho polls
were held within or without the asylum.
Mr. T1IUUMAN. If the bribery or the
intimidation was within'. Then, again, the
putting into the hands of a man who cannot
read a ticket that does not contain the names
of the persons that he wishes to vote for is
punishable by our laws. If all that takes
place in tho asylum you cannot punish it at
all under the laws of Ohio, because it is an
offense committed in a jurisdiction foreign to
the State of Ohio; and so with almost all the
means by which frauds aie committed. But,
sir, I have occupied too much of the time of the
Senate on this subject, and I will say no more.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the Senator from Ohio who has just
taken his seat [Mr. Thubman] confounds two
things that are entirely different under the
Constitution. He confounds the question of
title to the land and the question of exclusive
jurisdiction; two things which are entirely
separate in their character. The Constitution
provides, and it is all in tho same section,
that—
"The Congress shall have power'' •' *
* "to exercise exclusive jurisdiction in all eases
whatsoever over such district (not exceeding ten
miles square) as may by cession of particular States
and the acceptance of (3onsjrc<.s become the sent of
the Government of tile United States;" —
There is the question of exclusive jurisdic-
tion as it exists iu this District, but not com-
plicated with the question of title. The Gov-
ernment of the United States may not own a
foot of the land, but it is to have exclusive
jurisdiction in the government ol the District.
Then it goes on to soy:
"and to exercise like authority over all places pur-
chased by the consent of the Legislature of the
Slate in which tho same shall be, for the oreeiion
of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
needful buildings."
There is another ease of exclusive juris-
diction to be assented to by the State over a
place purchased with the consent of the State
for a particular military purpose that is herein
expressed. Now, I say to my friend from
Ohio that the Government of the United
States has the same right to become a pri-
vate land-holder m the State of Ohio, if it is
not in violation of some law of the State, that,
he or I have, and that without having any
i jurisdiction over that piece of land at all.
j Mr. THURMAN. Nobody disputes that,
i Mr. MORTON. Very well; then we will
I take it for granted that nobody disputes that;
and I conceive that, when the Senator makes
that admission he admits his case away. The
Government of the United States, therefore,
has aright, either taking tho title to herself
or taking it to a corporation created by her, to
acquire land in Ohio for the purpose of estab-
lishing a national asylum without raising any
question of exclusive jurisdiction, and the land
still remains in the jurisdiction of the State
just as it did before it was purchased from the
private'individual.
Now, what do we mean by exclusive juris-
diction, and what is the object and reason of
this clause of tho Constitution ? It wholly fails
in the case of an asylum for soldiers. Theiv
is a reason why the Government should have
exclusive jurisdiction over a fort or an arsenal
which is for defense, or for military prepara-
tion, or tho preservation of arms, but that
reason and that purpose arc wholly wanting in
the possession of a piece of land to be used in
taking care of disabled soldiers. Therefore I
can see that the purpose of this purchase and
the control of it do not fall at all within the
meaning of this provision of the Constitution ;
that there is no propriety in discussing the
question under this provision of the Constitu-
tion ; and"that the supreme court of Ohio did
commit a mistake, as was clearly shown bv
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman-,] iu
supposing that the case arose under this
eighth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tiiumt.-ix] him -
self says that a corporation was created. I
believe that was his argument yesterday. 1
agree with him that this board of managers is
a corporation, and it is expressly authorized
by the act of incorporation to obtain a site cr
position for a military asylum. This eorpoia-
tion, therefore, has a right to take the till" to
tho land for this purpose, and the land doe., „■
not belong to tho United States when it is tluis
taken to this corporation, any more than the
land belongs to a State when it grants a char-
ter for a college and authorizes certain trustees
who have no personal interest in the matter
