1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
for each congressional district, at $2,000 each
per year, appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, having great powers; about five thou-
sand local inspectors, at three dollars per day
while employed, appointed in like manner to
execute the system,and afford opportunities for
education to each child over six and under
eighteen years of age for six months in each
year. As the bill requires, these officers will be
compelled to employ on an average over four
thousand teachers in each State, making in all
one hundred and fifty thousand teachers; and
if their average annual compensation b-> esti-
mated at the low rate of $400 each, the aggre-
gate amount will be $60,000,000! What au
unparalleled consolidation of power and influ-
ence this system would form! For evil, under
evil management, what a catalogue of patron-
age ; what an army of partisans, propagandists,
and political colporteurs! What better ma-
chinery could be devised to enslave the minds
of the people? The wise injunction "Know
thyself" would soon yield to ttie partisan com-
mand "Know thy master." If this system
should be adopted it might become a subject
of serious inquiry how long before a reunion
of Church and State would be established?
But, Mr. Speaker, (here is in this measure
an example of arbitrary power aud reckless
expenditure never dreamed of in our country
u'niil the advent to power of the Republican
party. The local superintendents required by
the bill are empowered to procure, by lease or
purchase, such sites for school-houses as may
be needed. But if they cannot be thus "pro-
cm ed, then the division inspector is authorized
to "appropriate" whatever property he pleases
for such uses by merely filing in the qlerk's
office of the district court of the United States
a description thereof, aud " from the dat.e of
said filing the title of said tract of land shall
vest in the United States." After his title is
thus divested and lost to.him forever, the citi-
zen may either accept such compensation as
this officer may see fit to give him, with the
approval of the State superintendent, or he
may apply to the district court of the United
States for better compensation, not for his title,
for that is divested without right of appeal or
remedy of any kind. Such a law works a scan-
dalous usurpation and a practical denial of
justice, except at the arbitrary mercy of these
officers. The right of property was never so
trifled with before in this country nor the cit-
izen so summarily divested of his title. The
existence of the owner is almost ignored; he is
brushed aside as if he were an intruder ; the
sacredness of private property is mocked to
ridicule, and the imperial fiat of a petty officer
at once ilivests title and dispossesses the owner.
Then these officers are clothed-with power to
pay for such sites what they think proper, to
lease on such terms as they please, to build
on such plans and at such expense as their
judgments, ignorance, or cupidity may dictate.
What treasury can long endure such unguarded
and reckless expenditures?
The extent to which such a system as this
bill propises would aggravate the cost of com-
mon schools in our country can scarcely be
overestimated. I beiieve it is safe to assume
that any system of national schools that would
accomplish as much good in practical results
as the present State systems do would cost the
people at least tltree times as much. Under
the existing systems, devised by the States,
executed by the people in their local relations,
adjusted to the conditions and capacities of the
different sections and communities, enlisting
the intelligent and unselfish interest of the
people, of the good aud virtuous in each school
district, the real interests of education in all its
influences upon society are tenfold belter pro-
moted than they would be under any national
system. A vast majority of school officers
under the different systems in the Stales give
their services without charge or" salary, and
are generally actuated by a manly and patri
otic desire to promote the public welfare. But
under the national system the great army of
school officers for which it provides are all to
be well paid, and thousands of idle and worth-
less men would by their cupidity be led to seek
positions under it. I believe it would, if fully
inaugurated, cost the people annually over one
hundred million dollars.
Mr. Speaker, another novel and extraordin-
ary requirement of this measure is that—
The pcbool-books to bo used in all the national
schools shall bo such as are prescribed by the super-
intendent. under the direction of the Commissioner
of .Education. They shall be furnished by th« State
superintendent to the division inspector, and by th°,
latter to tlie local superintendent, for the children
within his district, and by him distributed to them
at cost: Provided, That if any child is unable to pay
the cost of tbabooks needed and used by it the same
shall be furnished gratuitously.
It seems to me that it would be difficult to
confer a power upon any officer that is more
intrinsically important and delicate, or more
liable to gross abuse and perversion, or capable
of becoming a source ofgreater evil, fraud, and
corruption. The very fountains of knowledge
might be poisoned ; the primers, spelling-books,
readers, histories, and other school-books be
made to inculcate the superstitious, sectarian,
or partisan opinions or fanaticism of a class,
party, or denomination. It is a power unfit to
be trusted to any one person, department, or
parly under our system of government. It
belongs alone to the people in the most popu-
lar sense, acting in their smallestsubdivisions.
Its consolidation as proposed by this bill is
dangerous, calculated to complete and crys-
tallize the work of centralization, destroy the
capacity for self-government, aud subordinate
the States in the most abject sense to the Fed-
eral Government. I will not take time now to
analyze all its provisions in detail.
But 1 want to speak of what I conceive to
be the most unjust, oppressive, aud infamous
proposition in this bill. It is proposed by
the fifteenth section to lay a dtre>t tax of
$50,000,000 on the United States, to be paid
by the States severally in proportion to their
population, and if not assumed and paid by
the States respectively in such proportion, then
to be assessed and collected of the owners of
property in the several States, by the assess-
ors and collectors of internal revenue through-
out thecouutry, under a system of laws, rules,
| and regulations of the most cumbrous, com-
plicated, expensive, and oppressive, character.
(See Statutes-at-Large, vol. 12, pages 294, 422,
and 640, being the acts of Congress provid-
ing for the collection of direct taxes from the
people of the rebel States, of August 5, 1861,
June 7, 1802, and February 6, 18G3.) This
bill reenacts these several laws by reference
to them only.
Under the Constitution a direct tax must
be assessed against the States "in proportion
to the census." This enormous burden must
therefore be distributed among the States ac-
cording to their population under the census
of 1870. There are now two hundred and forty-
three congressional districts in this country ;
and the portion of this tax chargeable to each
is therefore about two hundred thousand dol-
lars. This sum is to be extorted from the citi-
zens of each district, without any regard 10
their ability or inability to pay it, their wealth
or poverty, their prosperity or adversity. But
this only half indicates the unequal, cruel, and
merciless nature of this burden.
If any particular State should decline, or be
unable to assume the payment of the portion
assessed against it, and to provide by us own
laws for its collection from its citizens, then,
under this law, the assessors and collectors
of internal revenue in such Slate must proceed
upon an arbitrary principle to assess the share
due Irotn such State upon the owners of its
laud aloue, all oilier property escaping, and
it such land-owners fail to pay the tax so
assessed upon them these officers must pro-
ceed in the most ex parte and summary man
tier to sell their lands lor the taxes. It appears
to be accepted law that a direct tax can only
be imposed upon lands and their improve-
ments. For example: the State of Massa-
chusetts has ten Representatives, and ils por-
tion of the $50,000,000 is therefore about
$2,000,000; but the State of Indiana has
eieven Representatives, and its portion is there-
fore about S2.2J0,000; and Massachusetts may
be able to assume and pay its portion, collect-
ing it from ils citizens under its own laws and
without serious injury or oppression to thein ;
but Indiana, from inability or unwillingness,
fails so to assume and pay its $2,200,01)0, and
the internal revenue officers of the Federal
Government therefore ptoceed to assess that
vast sum upon the lauds in the State, and, if
not paid in due time by the owners of tha
lands, to sell them in the summary and arbi-
trary manner provided in the laws to which I
have referred.
Another illustration may be obtained by a
comparison of Massachusetts and Ohio under
returns made by those States for 1870. The
aggregate of values owned by citizens of Mas-
sachusetts, making reasonable allowance for
undervaluations, amounts to S2,000,000,000,
and the population is 1,457,351; and therefore
the average value per capita of the property
of her people is over thirteen hundred and
seventy dollars. But the total amount of
values in Ohio, making the same allowance
for undervaluations, is only $1,400,000,000,
and the population is 2.652,302; aud therefore
the average value per capita of her people is
only $527. Yet, under this law, the people
of Massachusetts would only have to pay of
this direct tax about two million dollars, and
those of Ohio over four million dollars; eo
that in the practical working of it, having ref-
erence to the ability of the people to pay, the
citizens of Ohio will be taxed threefold heavier
than those of Massachusetts. Any mode or
principle of taxation that works such results
is vicious, iniquitous, and unfit to be adopted;
and it poorly becomes Massachusetts or New
England toattempt to force it upon other States.
The proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] to amend his original bill
by substituting a capitation tax of forty cents
for each inhabitant under the census of 1870
makes no improvement in the piinciples or
practical effects of the oiiginal measure nor in
the modes prescribed for its assessment and
collection. If not assumed and paid by the
States to the United States it would be as-
sessed upon the lands of the people of such
States as failed to assume and pay their pro-
portion, and all other property and citizens
would escape its burden. Indeed this entire
bill affords a brilliant example of New Eng-
land philanthropy and generosity. It bur-
dens everybody except the people of that
seet'on. It helps everybody else at the cost
of everybody except the people of New Eng-
land.
Under the late amendments to the Consti-
tution the census must embrace all human
beings in the respective States, and aceoiding
to the population, so ascertained, dirt et taxes
must be apportioned. Hitherto oi.lv three
fiiths of the negroes were included to get
the basis for buch apportionment. The rela-
tions of the States to each other touching their
ability to pay direct taxes are thus mateiially
changed, and to the prejudice of the late
slave States.
This proposition to establish a system of
national education is a New England idea and
policy, and a few facts will impressively indi-
cate the animus, the peculiar statesmanship,
the cunning selfishness, and the cruel section-
alism attempted to be concealed by New Eng-
land in this measure.
1 he time ut Mr. Keuii having expired, Mr.
McNeei.y moved that by unanimous consent
he lie allowed to proceed.
l'he SPliAKIill pro tempore. How much
time dons ihi* g,Miiiumau Irom Indiana want?
Mr. KlilUt. Some ten tninutes more.
There was no objection.
