isn.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1985
Further, I will state that West Virginia has
been organized since 1803. Within that time,
without assistance, we have built twenty-two
hundred school-houses, some of them very fine
structures, by taxation upon our people. We
have built a university, which is a credit, I
may say, to our State, by taxation upon our
people; and we have a very large number of
students attending the university, so large that
the buildings heretofore erected are not suffi-
cient to accommodate them.
Now, sir, under those circumstances, inas-
much as this will not be a draft directly upon
the Treasury, inasmuch as neither Virginia nor
West Virginia has ever had anything for any
public buildings, I may say, from the Govern-
ment of the United States, and inasmuch as
this is for purposes of education, I ask that
this amendment may be placed upon this bill
and the donation made for the benefit of our
university.
Mr. COLE. I must move to lay th£ amend-
ment on the table I suppose. We have a mes-
sage from the House now asking how soon this
bill can be there, atld they are waiting with a
great deal of impatience for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
California moves that the amendment of the
Senator from West Virginia be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tixe iiousb.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 2524) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3003) granting a pension
to John Preveaux, a citizen of Amesbury,
Massachusetts;
A bill (H. R. No. 2326) granting a pension
to Henry Barton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2281) granting a pension
to Benjamin P. Wells;
A bill (H. R. No. 2303) granting a pension
to Chauncey H. Goodale ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2591) relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries;
A bill (H. R. No. 3086) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg;
A bill (H. R. No. 2579) making appropria-
tions for-the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes; i
A bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate the Texas
^ Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (S. No. 627) granting a pension to
Abel S. Chase;
A bill (S. No. 622) to grant a pension to
Nancy 15. Ammons;
A bill (S. No. 493) for the relief of George
Wright.
A bill (S. No. 176) granting a pension to
Annie E. Prei;
A bill (S. No. 845) granting a pension to
Harriett Dewitt Mitchell ;
A bill (S. No. 1181) to provide for the re-
demption of copper and other token coins;
and
A bill (S. No. 1213) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clarkj deceased.
coast survey report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a concurrent resolution of the House of
Representatives in regard to printing extra
4.1st Hong. 3d Sess.—No. 125,
copies of the report on the subject of the Coast
Survey.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. That matter has been
under the consideration of the Committee on
Printing, and I ask that the resolution be put
on its passage. I report it back -without amend-
ment.
By unanimous coasent, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by the Ilouse of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed thirty-five
hundred extra copies of the report of the superin-
tendent of the United States Coast Survey for 1870,
of which fifteen hundred shall he for the use of the
House, one thousand for the use of the Senate, and
one thousand for the use of the superintendent.
direct taxes.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
report:
The conference committee upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments of the
House to Senate -bill 995, entitled "An act for the
relief of purchasers of lands sold for taxes in the
insurrectionary States," having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
hereby recommend, that the House recede from its
amendments to said bill.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
GEORGE VICKERS.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
13URTON" C. COOK,
J. A. PETERS.
9 Managers on the pari of the House.
The report was concurred in.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I submit the report of the
third committee of conference on the disagree-
ing vote of the two Houses on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
After the Secretary shall have read the report
I will explain the results so that Senators will
understand.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill of the House No. 2524, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1872,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, a,nd do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 3, 4. 8.11, 28, 29, 59. GO, 61, 63, 64, 91, 92, 94,
95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100,101,102, 105,106, and 107.
That the House of Representatives reicede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 1, 2. 5, 6, 7. 9,10,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,
20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 24*. 25, 26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 34, 35, 36, 37,
38, 39, 40, 41, 42. 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 58,
65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80,
81, 82, 83,8±, 85, 86, 87, 88, aud 104, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the thirty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
At the end of line eleven, page 19, of the bill, add
the following: " Provided, That $10,000 are hereby
appropriated, to be expended in the office of the
Treasurer of the United States, at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasuryand the Senate
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 53, 54, 53, 56, 57, and agree to strike out
lines twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three,
twenty-lour, twenty-five, and twenty-six, on page
33 of the bill, and also strike out lines one and two
on page 34 of the bill, and insert in lieu the follow-
ing :
Forcorapensation of the Secretary of thelnterior.
Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, four clerks of class
four, any of whom may be paid $200 extra, if the Sec-
retary of the Interior deom it neccssary and proper ;
five clerks of class four, one of whom maybe desig-
nated by the Secretary to act as superintendent of
the building, who shall receive $200 additional com-
pensation per annum; additional to three disburs-
ing clerks, three clcrks of class three, four clerks of
class two, and one clerk of class one; one messenger,
two assistant messengers, at £720 each, and three
laborers in his office; in all, $47,540.
And the Home agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
thesixty-second amendment of the Senate, and agreo
to thesame, wii-h the following amendment; on page
37 lines three and four of the bill, strike out the lol-
lowing words: " printing and binding the same;"
and the Senate agree to the samo. t
That the Senate recede trom their eighty-nmtn
and ninetieth amendments, and agree to strike out
lines twenty-two and twenty-three, on page o-5 oi
the bill; and the House agree to the same.
That thft Ilouse recede from their disagreement
to the ninety-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
In line eleven of said amendment, after the word
determine," insert the following word?: "by the
concurrent decision of the Committees on Pablie
Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and House of
Representativesand the Senato agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and third amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out all after the word M dollars"
in line eight of said amendment down to and in-
cluding the word "dollars" in line fourteen, and
insert in lieu the following words: "and all provis-
ions of law providing for additional compensation
or allowance to any judge for traveling expenses
are hereby repealed;" and the Senate agroe to the
george f. edmukds,
JAMES HARLAN.
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
a. a. sargent,
B. C. COOK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only take a moment
or two of the time of the Senate in explaining
the general result of this report. The largest
part of it is the mere adjustment of details
about small sums in the Departments. The
main questions of dispute were as to the sala-
ries of judges,^ and touching the public grounds
ahd buildings in Washington.
As to the judges, the result is that the sal-
aries of the judges of the Supreme Court of
the United States are raised, as was proposed
by the House of Representatives in the first
place, to $8,500 for the Chief Justice aiid
$8,000 for the associates. The salaries of the
circuit judges are placed at $0,000. The pro-
visions put in by the Senate for the district
judges, for the judges of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia and of the Court
of Claims, are stricken out. That is all the
provision there is as to the judiciary, except
mere matters of detail.
Then, on the subject of public buildings and
grounds, the House of Representatives has
agreed to the proposition of the Senate to
erect anew State Department building; and
the dispute as to the material to be used is
settled in this way: instead of deciding, as the
House insisted that we should, upon what
Species of stone should be used, that question
is left to the determination of the Committees
of the two Houses upon Public Buildings and
Grounds, which all parties agreed would be
very wise and proper. Those committees are
to determine what material shall be used in
the building of the now State Department.
Then, as to the extension of the Capitol
grounds, I am sorry to say we felt obliged td
reeede or to lose the bill. So also as to the
appropriation for a park. The House con-
ferees informed us—and I think I am quite
within the rule in stating the public action
of the committee a,s representing the other
body 
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to inquire of the
Senator what was done as to the salaries of
the heads of bureaus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state that in a
moment, when I finish about this matter.
The House conferees informed us, and I think
with entire rectitude from what I have since
heard, that it would be impossible to carry the
bill through the other House loaded atthistime
with any other thing in the way of public build-
ings here than an ample provision for a new
State Department, which seemed to them to
stand upon ground which would justify them
ill asking the House, contrary to its previous
votes, to agree to that proposition.
I express regret on the part of myself and
associates that we were unable to do more at
this time, but we have done much better than
nothing.
As to the heads of bureaus, the Senate were
obliged to recede altogether; so that the result
is that the bill makes no essential change in
any salaries except those of the judges ot the
Supreme Court and circuit courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate ia
likely, from the statement of the Senator from
Vermont, to be a little misled as to what the
Senate has conceded here and what it has
game! It will be observed that in the dis-
