1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS?3
Mr. HOAR. Perhaps this is a good time to
ask the gentleman from Indiana whether lie
has overlooked that section of the bill which
requires that the amount raised in each State
shall be expended therein?
Mr. KERR. Not at all.
Mr. HOAR. So that Ohio children will
require education in proportion to their num-
bers without reference to the wealth of their
fathers.
Mr. KERR. I will answer the gentleman's
inquiry as I go on.
The average pecuniary ability of the people
of New England per capita to pay taxes is at
least threefold greater than that of the people
of the western States, and not less than sixfold
greater than the average of that of the people
of the southern States. Butthegentleman from
Massachusetts, the author of this bill, [Mr.
Hoar,] proposes that each citizen of these lat-
ter States, without any reference to his ability
to pay, shall be charged with dollar for dollar
and cent for cent of this tax that is charged to
each citizen of Massachusetts. The great truth
is ignored that New England has grown rich,
in great part, as the result of subsidies, pro-
tection, high tariffs, and sectional legislation,
at the expense of the West and South. It
seetns not to have occurred to the mind of the
author of this measure that this tremendous
burden of $50,000,000 ought to be so imposed,
if at all, upon the people, as that its payment
by them individually should bear some rela-
tion to their ability to pay.
Bur, Mr. Speaker, it is very well under
stood by the friends of this measure that when
there is charged of this tax ยง1,600,000 against
North Carolina, or $1,000,000 against South
Carolina, or $1,400,000 against Alabama, or
$1,600,000 against Georgia, even if its collec
tion and paymentare assumed by those States,
respectively, still it will rest chiefly as a griev
ous burden upon the white citizens of iliose
States, who own most of the property and pay
almost all the taxes, and that thereby the'pro-
portion of the tax extorted from them indi-
vidually will be further very greatly increased
in comparison with that paid by the people of
the East and North.
It is also well understood that if such States
are unable or decline to assume, collect under
their local laws, and pay to the United States
their several parts of this tax, then the-same
must be assessed, as I have already stated,
upon the lands in those States respectively,
and, if not paid by their owners, then their
lands must be sold ; thus still further reducing
the number of tax-payers, and vastly increas-
ing the disparity m burdens between New Eng-
land, or the North, and these poor States of
the South, and between the citizens of these
States themselves, for the lauds there are
owned by a small proportion of the people,
and but few acres are owned by the colored
men, and all the people are poor, the land-
owner as well as the landless, and the country
is impoverished and depressed.
Jt is to me a matter of profound surprise
that any gentleman on this Moor, claiming to
represent any district in the South, should
favor this bill. It imposes upon his people
and section its most unequal, unjust, and op
pressive burdens. It gives tlietn nothing ex-
cept what it extorts from them, and cot even
so much. It secures them the benefit of no
tax or revenue raised in other parts of the
country. It imposes such onerous exactions
upon them, and especially upon the few who
will be compelled to meet them, as uo people,
so plundered, abused, and impoverished as
they are, can endure without intolerable op-
pression or practical enslavement. Aside from
jts usurpation of power, every representative
of the South owes it. to common justice and
humanity to oppose it to the uttermost, if
the Siutes and people of the South have done
less.in the great cause of education than others,
it is because they are and have been unable to
do so much. Give them time for recupera-
tion, give them peace and self-government,
and in the early future, without spasmodic
and unnatural efforts, they will amply and
cheerfully vindicate themselves against these
unjust criticisms.
Just and humane men should remember
that while population in the southern States
during the last decade has somewhat increased,
and liability to direct taxation of the kind
imposed by this bill has therefore been aug-
mented, yet, during the same period, the abil-
ity of the people to pay taxes has been very
greatly diminished. The aggregate of values
has been reduced, for example, as shown by
the late census in Florida, forty-five per cent,
below what it was in 1860; in Georgia, sixty-
six percent.; in Louisiana, forty-six percent.;
in Mississippi, seventy-one per cent.; in North
Carolina, fifty-five per cent.; and in Virginia,
thirty-three per cent. But this cruel bill would
impose the same burden per capita upon those
poor people as upon the people of Massachu-
setts, whose aggregate of values has increased
since 1860 over ninety per cent., or those of
Rhode Island, whose increase isover sixty-eight
per cent.; or those of Pennsylvania, whose
increase is over seventy-five per cent. Can
any public servant who cherishes manly sym-
pathy for the poor and suffering, or who appre-
ciates the great law of equality, vote for such a
measure'!
But., Mr. Speaker, still further to intensify
and augment these gross inequalities, and to
protect the colored man against paying any
part of this tax, -and to punish the white men
of the South, this bill provides that the home
stead whereon any citizen actually resides shall
be exempted from taxation to the value of
$500. (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 12, p. 297, sec.
13.) Is it possible for human ingenuity to
devise a more grossly unjust, unequal, oppress-
ive, and cruel mode of assessing and collect-
ing a tax? It violates every principle of just
government, and is unworthy the age in which
we live, and it cannot be relieved of its odious
character or sanctified by the end in view.
It is claimed by its friends, as a merit or
relief against the sectional and grinding nature
of this burden, that the bill provides *' that all
sums of money assessed and raised in each
State by virtue of this act shall be expended
therein for the purposes of education, as in
this act declared." A- few suggestions will
sufficiently expose the emptiness of this pre-
tense. If it is a merit at all, it is because the
enormous taxes imposed by the bill are sub-
stantially for local use in the respective States
by which they are paid. If this is true, then
Congress is etigag.-d in the absurdly unconsti-
tutional business of imposing ouerous taxes
upon the people of the States to be expended
in the purely internal, domestic, and muni-
cipal affairs of the States. But if Congress
can do this for the support of schools it can
do so to build court houses or colleges, poor-
houses or county jails, penitentiaries or asy-
lums, public highways or city streets, theaters
or churches. Then it follows, iu further illus-
tration of this fatal usurpation, that Massa-
chusetts has the right to aid and cooperate in
imposing enormous local taxes, for local and
domestic purposes, on the people of Ohio or
Louisiana or South Carolina or other States
But more startling sail: it is an assertion for
Congress of power to dictate for what local
purposes in the States the people shall pay
taxes, how much they shall pay, how it shall
be collected, how and by whom it shall be
expended, and to supersede all State laws con-
cerning such matters.
Upon the theory of this bill it is competent
for Congress to require new, poor, and sparsely
settled States, without reference to ability or
conditions, to establish, support, and main-
tain systems of education or other local insti-
tuiions of the same kind, order, and complete-
neos, as those existing in the oldest communi-
ties, with the most dense, wealthy, aud'culti-
vated populations. In other words, it may,
by its fiat, upon its own arbitrary will; whim,
or fanaticism, force the local institutions and
domestic policy of the several States info abso-
lute identity, or at least general uniformity.
It may extort from the unpitied toil of poverty
and adversity, from the devastated lands ana
impoverished people of the unhappy States of
the South the same amount of revenue per
capita as from the more fortunate, favtned,
and affluent citizens of New England. Is it
credible that such monstrous doctrines shall
be approved, find defenders, or be tolerated
in this country ?
Mr. Speaker, it is no question here whether
gentleman are in favor of popular education
or not. Every honest man in this House will
assume that we are all in favor of the most
liberal aud complete education that is prac-
ticable under the circumstances of each par-
ticular State, section, or community. The
real and vital issue involved in this measure
is whether we shall respect the Constitution,
protect the States in the enjoyment of their
rightful jurisdiction and dignity, and restrain
the exercise of undelegated and arbitrary pow-
ers by Congress, so far as to render it possible
to preserve free institutions and civil liberty
in our country. Let every gentleman in this
House answer this great question by his action
on this revolutionary and cruel measure. It
seeks, under the cover of a false pretense, to
accomplish a great outrage upon the people
of some sections of our country, and to over-
ride and defy the original and necessary juris-
diction of the States.
The alleged lack of educational facilities, or
want of interest iu the subject of education,
or prevalence of ignorance, in any portions of
the country, however true, confer ,<o authority
to enact this bill. No man more sincerely
deplores the existence of illiteracy in any
section, or among any classes of our citizens,
black or white, than I do, nor more highly
aporeciates the value and importance to our
conntry and our institutions of free schools
and general intelligence. But I oppose this
bill because the subject of it is wholly foreign
to the jurisdiction of Congress, and ought
never to be submitted to the control of the
central Government, and can be infinitely bet-
ter administered by the people under State
laws and in their local relations.
If New England desires to aid in the devel-
opment of educational systems and in the dis-
semination of knowledge where they are most
needed, there are many practical and legiti-
mate ways in which it may be accomplished.
They can adopt the generous pobcy of their
own great and good citizen, Mr. Peabody, or
they might dispense their beneficence from
their public revenues, or their numerous mil-
lionaires could contribute a tithe of their
annual incomes to aid the famishing minds
of benighted sections to obtain knowledge,
aud yet preserve intact the great compact of
liberty, the Constitution, and maintain the
States, the great nurseries of self government,
in manly vigor and dignity, and vindicate the
Republican party, and especially New England,
against the general suspicion of revolutionary
designs. They can retrench the expenses of
the Federal Government, stop the robberies of
the people under the cover of land grants, sub-
sidies, partisan navy vard-s, dishonest tariffs,
and other schemes for individual aggrandize-
ment, and adopt the just and 1 morable policy
of gradual and not immediate payment of the
public debt; aud thus very greatly reduce ths
oppressive burdens of the people for the sup-
port of the Government, save to thetn many
hundred mill.on dollars annually, and enable
them thereby to appropriate more generous
sums to advance all the great interests of edu-
cation, social aud moral improvement, and
material development and progress. Such a
policy would be statesmanlike, magnanimous,
and benificent, would enable millions of our
suffering people to eat more bread, wear more
clothes, get more knowledge, build more
