1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
could, for a small consideration, be inclined to
warrant it if it was.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think
it ia extremely doubtful whether Congress can
extricate the State of Ohio from the difficulty
in which it has become involved in reference
to these soldiers. The supreme court of that
State has decided that when the State gave its
consent then the Constitution fixed an exclu-
sive jurisdiction over this asylum in the United
States, and it is now proposed by this bill to
convey back the jurisdiction of the United
States to the State of Ohio. I will ask if that
necessarily repeals the consent which the State
cf Ohio gave to the act of Congress establish-
ing this asylum. The supreme court of the
State of Ohio has decided that because the
State did consent this exclusive jurisdiction
attached ; and the passage of this bill does not
necessarily repeal the consent given by the
State of Ohio; and when this question arises
before the supreme court of the State of Ohio
to be reconsidered, can that court decide that
Ohio has never given its consent to this legis-
lation on the part of Congress? Necessarily
the court must so decide, or it must adhere to
the decision which it has already made upon
the subject. The remedy, it seems to me, lies
with the Legislature of the State of Ohio, if
there is any remedy, in repealing the act by
which it consented to the jurisdiction of the
United States over this asylum.
Mr. SHERMAN. Can they do that?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I doubt whether they
can, because it is in the nature of a contract
with the Federal Government. But can Con-
fess repeal the consent of the State of Ohio
:o the establishment of this asylum?
Mr. HOWE. May I ask a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Ore-
gon, suppose Congress does relinquish the title
to the land, what hurt will the consent do?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is possible that the
United States may abandon the possession of
this property; it is possible for the United States
lo convey it altogether to the State of Ohio ; but
that is not what, this bill proposes to do at all.
Does the Senator understand this bill to sur-
render to the State of Ohio all jurisdiction and
control of this National Asylum for Disabled
Soldiers? After the Congress of the United
.States has passed an act organizing this estab-
lishment, after it has appropriated money and
property to it, does the Senator wish to have
this national institution put absolutely and
exclusively into the hands of the Legislative
Assembly of the State of Ohio? Nobody con-
templates anything of that kind. Congress
proposes to hold jurisdiction over this asylum
for all necessary purposes in conducting the
asylum, and the Legislature of Ohio lias given
its consent, and upon that the supreme court
of the State has decided exclusive jurisdiction
attaches to the United States under the Con-
stitution. Now the difficulty with me is, will
the passage of this bill force the supreme court
of the State of Ohio er necessarily lead that
court to reverse the decision it has made in
reference to these soldiers?
Mr. HOWE. No, it will not force the su-
preme court of Ohio at all; but the supreme
court of Ohio has said that the United States
owns this land. Now, if by an act we say we
do not own it and will not own it, I rather
think the court will give up that position,
and in the next case will hold that this title
is not invested the United States. But the
Senator asks do I mean—referring to me—to
surrender the control of this institution to the
State of Ohio. No. I ask the Senator in reply,
can we not control that corporation which we
created without owning the land on which
they live?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is barely possible.
But this bill provides that whatever powers are
conferred upon this corporation by act of Con-
gress shall be preserved. Now, I understand
that all the jurisdiction which the Congress of
the United States claim over this land or over
this property is derived from the act organ-
izing this asylum. Is there any other legisla-
tion upon the subject? This bill provides that
that act shall be preserved intact; that no part
or portion of that act shall be impaired by this
bill; and it says, in what is equivalent to a
declaration, that all the jurisdiction which Con-
gress has ever claimed over this asylum shall be
preserved, and at the same time certain juris-
diction shall be given to the State of Ohio.
Congress passes an act organizing an asylum
for disabled soldiers ; it organizes a board of
managers; it locates it in the State of Ohio;
it provides that these soldiers while they are
in that asylum shall be subject to the Rules
and Articles of War, like soldiers in the
Army of the United States. That is all the
legislation there is upon the subject; and that
is all that Congress proposes to do in refer-
ence to this asylum. All that is preserved
by this bill. Now, what is ceded, I should
like to know, to the State of Ohio? If all that
is claimed by this Government under the act
to which I have just referred is preserved to
the Government of the United States, what is
ceded to the State of Ohio? There is great
difficulty about it. The object of this legis-
lation I suppose to be to enable these soldiers
to vote; and the question in my mind is, as to
whether or not this bill will accomplish this
purpose; whether, as Congress has preserved
this act by which this asylum was organized
without any change or qualification whatever,
and the State of Ohio having given its consent
to that legislation, the supreme court of Ohio
will not adhere to its former decision and
nullify this present legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. We will run the risk of
it. I trust we shall pass the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this seems to
be a knotty question, and I suppose it might
as well be settled by referring the subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator is opposed to
the reference I will say two or three words on
the merits of the bill. In the first place, I will
endeavor to answer an objection of my friend,
the Senator from Wisconsin who sits farthest
from me, [Mr. Howe.] He says that the title
and the ownership of the land upon which this
institution is located does not belong to the
United States. I differ from him. The oppo-
nents of the bill concede that the mere legal,
dry title is vested in the trustees. That is
unquestionably true. But suppose the United
States had established a fort or an arsenal,
and precisely by the same character of legisla-
tion had vested the dry title to the land where
the fort or arsenal was located in certain offi-
cers of the Government, just as the title to
the land here is vested in certain officers of
the Government and other trustees, would or
would not the fort or the arsenal and the land
on which it was located belong to the United
States ? The title would be in the trustees, but
it would be a mere naked, dry title. The real
ownership and all power and authority over
the fort and arsenal would rest with the United
States. As the Senator from Ohio on my left
[Mr. ThurmajtJ remarked yesterday, if Con-
gress chose to pass a law directing the legal
title to be conveyed by those in whom it had
been vested t® the United States it would have
the power at any time to do so.
Then, Mr. President, I see no difference
between this case and the case of a fort or an
arsenal, or any other of the needful institutions
that is expressly named in the words of the
Constitution. The language is that Congress
shall have power "to exercise exclusive legis-
lation in all cases whatsoever, over such dis-
trict (not exceeding ten miles square) as may,
by cession of particular States, and the accept-
ance of Congress, become the seat of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to exercise
like authority over all places purchased by the
consent of the Legislature of the State in which
the same shall be, for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, .and other
needful buildings."
Congress would have precisely the same
power to vest the legal title of the land upon
which any of those establishments was located
in trustees that it has to authorize the legal
title of the land on which this soldiers' home
is located to be vested in trustees. There is
no sort of difference. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio on my right, [Mr. Sherman,]
I ask my learned and respected friend, the
senior Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. IIowe,] ^
to tell me the difference between the present
case and the case of an arsenal or a fort, the
legal title to which by act of Congress had been
vested in certain named officers of the Gov-
ernment as trustees to hold the title? Would
not the locus and the institution, the fort or
arsenal, all be the property of the United
States, and be subject to the control of the
Government of the United States absolutely ?
Unquestionably. And whenever Congi-ess
chose to assert the right of the United States
to the legal title it could coerce the convey-
ance of the legal title from the trustees who
held it directly to the United States; and the
trustees would have neither the legal nor the
equitable title, but both would vest in the
United States.
Mr. President, what is the decision of the
supreme court of the State of Ohio? It is that
this soldiers' home is a necessary military
institution of the United States ; as much so as
a magazine, a fort, an arsenal, a dock-yard ;
and that under the phrase "and other need-
ful buildings" this soldiers' home is just as
much authorized by this clause of the Consti-
tution as though it had been expressly named
with the forts, arsenals, and dock-yards. I
think that position is true. It is undeniable
as a legal proposition. It is the same as if
the Constitution read "And to exercise like
authority over all places purchased, by the
consent of the Legislature of the State in
which the same shall be, for the erection of
forts, magazines, arsenals, doek-yards, and
soldiers'homes." "Soldiers'homes" is not
expressed. Butsuppose ithad been expressed,
it would no more be within the power and com-
petence of Congress to establish a fort or a
fortification, under the express language used,
than under this general language used, which
the supreme court of Ohio has decided, by a
unanimous judgment of the court, authorized
the creation of this soldiers' home by the
authority of Congress and with the funds of
the United States.
Now, Mr. President, what is the proposition
here? It is to divide the jurisdiction over the
locus of this Soldiers' Home between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the govern-
ment of Ohio, when the clause of the Consti-
tution says that over all such places the juris-
diction of Congress Shall be exclusive. The
reasons for vesting Congress with this exclusive
jurisdiction have been commented upon by
Senators who have participated in this debate.
The reasons are obvious. It is necessary for
the success and complete answering of all the
purposes of these several establishments that
the sole authority should be exercised exclu-
sively by the Government of the United States,
and it is not less necessary and proper and
useful that this exclusive jurisdiction should
be vested over a soldiers' home than that it,
should be exercised over an arsenal, a dock-
yard, or a fort.
It seems to me that the preposition which
came from the House of Representatives to
the Senate is about equal to one which I will
proceed to state. Under this very clause, the
State of Maryland ceded part of her territory to
