1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
puted points, as I understand the report, the
Senate has given up everything except an in-
crease of $1,000 in the salary of the circuit
judges. The question of the salary of the
supreme judges was not in dispute. The House
of Representatives itself proposed to raise the
salaries of the judges of the Supreme Court to
the precise sum the bill now fixes, and the
Senate agreed to it. We put in an additional
section, it is true, saying that these should be
the salaries, but the House of Representatives
had appropriated $8,000 for each of the asso-
ciate justices and $8,500 for the Chief Justice;
so that the House commenced with raising the
salaries of the judges, not the Senate. The
Senate agreed to the House proposition as to
the judges of the Supreme Court; and now the
House has refused to raise the salaries of any
of the other judges, except the circuit judges,
to $6,000. The Senate has got that much.
In regard to the public improvements, there
is a provision for building a State Depart-
ment. Our State Department now is on the
outskirts of the city, in a rented building, as
everybody knows, not fire-proof; and it is
very desirable to have a new State Depart-
ment. I am very glad that we have succeeded
in getting that, but I do not wish the Senate
to be misled by the supposition that the House
has conceded anything on the subject of sal-
aries, except simply adding $1,000 to the
salary of the circuit judges.
Before I sit down I wish to make one inquiry
of the Senator from Vermont. I notice in the
reading of the report a provision for placing
$10,000 at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury. Is that intended to pay clerks?
Having made this inquiry, I wish-to say another
word in regard to the appropriations for clerks
and additional salaries. There is a provision
for $200 extra being paid particular clerks
in the discretion of some Secretaries. If the
head of a bureau, to say nothing of the head
of a Department, asks for two, five," or ten
clerks, or asks to have a clerk's salary in-
creased $200 in hisdiscretion, it passes through
Congress without any difficulty. But here are
judges of your courts, holding the rpost respons-
ible position in the country, and you cannot
raise tliem. I know not bow many clerks are
provided for in this bill; but I venture to say
that the appropriations to pay for additional
clerks in the Interior Department alone are
equal to the increase of salaries that we pro-
posed to give the judges as provided by the
votes of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
MESSAGE FXOJl THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
3065) amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river at Little Rock, approved July 1, 1870.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the joint resolu-
tion (S. It. No. 295) relating to rights of actual
settlers upon certain lands in Iowa, agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Messrs. Prank W. Palmer
of Iowa, Wii.uam S. Holman of Indiana, and
George W. Julias' of Indiana, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House bad concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2995)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal years ending June
30, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and for former
years, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference oo the disagreeing votea of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3036) mak-
ing appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works on
rivers and harbors, and for other purposes.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 2-524)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80, 1872.
Mr. STEWART. I am not going to take
very much time. I should like to see this bill
fail. I think the ground upon which the oppo-
sition to improvements in Washington is made
ought to be tested. Let us know whether we
are to enlarge these grounds or not, whether
this is to be the capital or not. I think those
who regard it as the capital, who do not care
about putting the capital on wheels just now,
ought to stand upon those necessary measures
for the capital if it is to remain here ; and I
would let those who think the capital ought to
be removed take the responsibility of defeat-
ing an appropriation bill, or anymeasure that
they choose to defeat on that issue. If the
House bases its opposition to these meas-
ures upon the ground that they are unneces-
sary, the capital being here, that is all very,
well; but if the issue is that we have got
only a temporary residence here, and will not
make necessary improvements, will not treat
it as the capital of the country, I should like
to see any bill on which that issue is made
fail. Let those who make the issue take the
responsibility. I do not believe this capital is
going to be put on wheels immediately; and I
would make that issue at any time. I think
it the most prejudicial thing in the world to
agitate the question of moving the capital and
giving that as a reason for not doing what is
necessary for carrying on the public business,
and for the ordinary conveniences connected
with the capital, such as we would do if this
was the permanent capital.
Mr. RICE. A bill has just come over from
the House amendatory of the act authorizing
the building of a bridge across the Arkansas
river, which I should like to have passed now.
Mr. STEWART. I shall be through in a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
about twenty bills that he is waiting, as soon
as the appropriation bill is out of the way, to
submit to the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. With regard to the sala-
ries of the judges, I think, as I have said be-
fore, there is no policy so bad as not paying
them what is reasonable to be paid, maldng
them independent. I think that is very bad
policy. But as the opposition to that is not
put upon any special ground, and there is no
particular issue made upon it, except upon
the ground of economy, of course I would not
like to see the bill fail on that account. I
think the action of the House as a matter of
economy is no economy at all. The judicial
department is the cheapest and most useful
departmentwehave, and the department which,
above all others, we should make independent.
It does not cost anything like the War Depart-
ment, or the Navy Department, or the Indian
department; but the returns to the people in
the way of good government are vastly more.
When you talk about justice among the peo-
ple, you refer to the courts. The judicial
department is the arm of the Government
that protects the weak. It has no patronage.
It has not got the patronage of one of your
bureaus ; it has not got the patronage of the
War Department; it has not got the patron-
age of the Indian department. Had it that
patronage, there would not be so much talk
of economy in regard to it as there is now.
I think this talk of economy in the judicial
department is a very sad commentary upon
our legislation, because you cannot get econ-
omy where there are fat contracts. Where
there is large plunder you cannot get any econ-
omy. Where you have contracts for supplying
Indians and matters of that kind, everybody
will say, "Let us make liberal appropria-
tions;" but when we come to the judicial
department, which costs but a few thousand
dollars, but a small percentage of what any
other department costs, which possesses no
patronage, then we find stress laid on econ-
omy. But, inasmuch as the opposition to that
amendment of the Senate is not placed upon
the issue that the capital may be removed, I
should hate to see the bill fail for that reason.
But if the opposition to the extension of the
Capitol grounds is placed upon the ground
that the capital ought to be removed, we had
better let this bill fail right here and make the
issue now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall detain
the Senate but a moment or two. I must
express my profound dissatisfaction with the
result of this conference committee, because
I feel it. I have noticed ever since I have
been in the Senate that in any conflict with
the House of Representatives on bills at the
end of the session the Senate is made almost
invariably to surrender everything. It is not
considered an equal legislative body; it has
no backhone to stand up to its rights.
The question in relation to these two squares
around the Capitol has been mooted for the
last dozen years. In 1861 Congress by law
authorized an investigation of the titles of the
owners of the property and the ascertainment
of the value by the district attorney, and then
it was found that these squares were valued by
nine disinterested persons at something le?s
than $300,000. Last year the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds got one of the
proprietors to go around and get the owners
to sign a paper as to the price they would
accept for the property, and all but three, I
think, signed a document stating they would
take one hundred per cent, upon the valuation
of 1861, which left the amount between five and
six hundred thousand dollars. The Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds believed that
that was above its market value, and iheie-
fore authorized the Secretary of tiie Interior
in the bill proposed to make a private bargain
where the terms were satisfactory, and where
they, were not the property was to be con-
demned by the court and taken in the ordinary
process of law. If the Senate had been fol-
lowed a dozen years ago, or nine years ago, or
six years ago—I believe there have been three
bills passed by this body for the acquisition of
these two squares—they would have been
secured at much less expense than they can he
now. It is perfectly manifest that the people
of this country will never allow this Capitol to
stand with no greater amount of grounds than
we have on the east side; that at some time
or other we shall take these grounds; and it
is inequitable and unjust to the owners of this
property to keep it in a way that they cannot
build or improve upon it. I have seen a let-
ter addressed to the senior Senator from Ohio
from one of the most respectable citizens of
this place, saying that he would rather take
off two thirds of what this property is worth
than to have it left as it is now, for he does
not know what a day may bring forth.
It would seem that the House are anxious
to maintain the proximity of a couple of grog-
geries that are within five rods almost of the
corners of the Capitol. I hope the Senate
does not sympathize with that idea.
But 1 have no expectation at this time of
retarding the acceptance of this report. I
suppose the conferees did as well as they could ;
but something like the process of the Sibyl-
lines has taken place in. the conferences on
this bill. Tn the first conference we were able
to obtain not only the park, but, I am informed
by one of the conferees, the extension of the
Capitol grounds could have been secured by
surrendering what has been surrendered in
