548
ffiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the United States for the seat of the General
Government. All the District on this side of
the Potomac was ceded by the State of Mary-
land. Suppose a bill was introduced to divide
the jurisdiction over that portion of the District
of Columbia between the United States and
the State of Maryland, with the same provisions
that are contained in the bill under consider-
ation, the United States to retain the military
surveillance and the military government, and
the political jurisdiction, or enough of it, to be
granted to the State of Maryland to authorize
that State to control the votes of the entire pop-
ulation within the territory which she ceded,
and which now constitutes the District of
Columbia; would not the absurdity of such an
attempt to divide and part out the exclusive
jurisdiction which the Constitution vests in
the United States over the territory that she
Ceded, not exceeding tori miles square, for the
Beat of the General Government, strike forcibly
the judgment of every Senator and of every
intelligent, man'/
I regard this proposition as entirely a par-
allel one. Here the exclusive jurisdiction of
the United States over these different locations
is given by the same language. It. is made
exclusive in the plainest words. The reason
and necessity and policy of this exclusive juris-
diction is obvious. This clause gives as much
jurisdiction to Congress to establish this Sol-
diers' Home with the funds belonging; to the
United States, as Congress has under the
clause to establish forts, arsenals, anil dock-
yards. The power has been exercised in rela-
tion to this Soldiers' Home as in relatioti to
many forts, arsenals, and dock-yards, The
jurisdiction, then, attaches after the State of
Ohio has given her sanction to the aeq.iisit.ion
of the locus upon which this Soldiers' Hume
was established. The jurisdiction attaches,
and attaches in conformity and to the full
extent of exclusive jurisdiction, 11s giiaran-
tied and secured by that clausc of the Consti-
tution.
The conrtin this Ohio case, and in the Rhode
Island case read by the Senator from Ohio
this morning, and yesterday referred to by
him, establish the principle that an attempt,
such as wan made in t.he State of Rhode Island,
to preserve a part of the jurisdiction to the
State was wholly incompatible with th<> pur-
poses of the grant, of jurisdiction to the United
States. Thai, comes within the obvious prin-
ciple which every lawyer understands, and
which is acted upon e'vftry day, that where
there is a conveyance or a grant, mid there is
a condition or a reservation that, is entirely in
conflict with tho put-poses of the griiiit, (he
exception is void. So, when the State of Ohio,
by its Legislature, sought ro impose conditions
that were wholly incompatible and in conflict
with the exclusive jurisdiction which is vested
in the Government, of the United States by this
clause of the Constitution, the supreme court
of that State decided properly, and in accord-
ance with it common anil universal principle,
that the cxcepiion being incompatible with the
purpose of the giant, and with the grant itself,
the grant was effective and the exception was
void, and tire grant took precisely the same
operation and effect as though there had been
no such exception made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ordering the bill tb be read a third time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the passage of the bii't.
The bill was passed ; there being, on a divis-
ion—ayes 2-3, noes 12.
DISORDER IX JvOIU'U CAROLINA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes theconsideration of the special order for
this day, being ihe bill (S. No. 908) to refutid
to the States the interest and discount on
money borrowed to equip, pay, supply, and
transport troops for the service of the United
States in the recent war. But before the Sen-
ate proceeds with that bill the Chair will
present a message from the President of the
United States, and also some House bills on
the table, for referfence.
The following message frorri the President
of the United States was read :
To the Senate of the United States :
In answer to their resolution of tho 16th of De-
cember, 1870. I herewith transmit copies of certain
reports received at the War Department relative to
disloyal organizations in tiio State of North Caro-
linn intended td resist tho laws or to deprive tho
citizens of the United States of the protection of
law or the enjoyment of their rights under the Con-
stitution of the United States. These reports arc in
uddition to the abstracts of those sent to the Senate
on the 13th instint.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, January 17,1871.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the papers bo
laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
kkceipt3 and expenditures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
lays before the Senate a communication from
the Trcasu rer of the United States, transmitting
quarterly accounts of the receipts and expend-
itures of the United States for the year end-
ing June 30, 1803. The document being very
voluminous, containing a great deal of rule
and figure work, the question of printing it
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague introduced
ft resolution the other day oil tho subject of
these detailed expenditures. The report is
communicated! to day. I call his attention to
'"ThoLVlCE PRESIDENT. This report is
for the year ending June 00, 1808, from the
Treasurer of the United States.
Mr. TIIURMAN. For the year ending June
DO. 1SG7, there has been no report.
.Mr. SHERMAN- As I objected to my col-
league's resolution the other day, I will state
to him that I have no objection to its passing
without ih.) preamble. Jt is very proper to
cull for the reasons why there is delay in the
publication of these detailed statements.
Mr. THURMAN. What objection can there
be to the preamble?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because that re-
cites facts which may be disputed, and it is
entirely unnecessary.
Mr. TIIURMAN. But the resolution itself
is very proper. I ask that the resolution £>e
^TheTlCR PRESIDENT. What is now
before the Senate is this communication.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move first that the com-
munication be printed, and referred to the
Com mi I tee on Finance.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The recollection
of the Chair is, that last, year a similar com-
munication came from the Treasurer of the
United States for the year ending June 30,
1807, and that the question of printing these
voluminous papers was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and it is the recollection
of the Chair that the Committee on Printing
reported against their printing. That may be
an error; but at this moment that is the im-
pression of the Chair in regard to the report
for 1867. The chairman of the Committee on
Printing stated that the report was three years
behind time ; that it had taken a great deal
of time to compile it; that it would be very
expensive to print it, and therefore it was not
printed. The question of printing this report
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tiiurmax] now
asks consent to take up the preamble and res-
olution offered by him some days since, which
will be reported in full.
Mr. TIIURMAN. If the recollection of
the Chair is right I do not wish to pass a reso-
lution that will be useless, and I am willing
that the resolution shall lie until I can make
some inquiry of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing to find out whether the recol-
lection of the Chair is right. I have been
informed again and again that there has been
no report made since that for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1806. I took a great deal of
pains to find out myself; I searched the docu-
ment library of the Senate, and found that
none had been printed since that for June 30,
186G,and I could find no information whatever
that any had ever beeii made. But if the rec-
ollection of the Chair is correct, it would be
useless to pass the resolution now, and I will
not ask the Senate to take it up until I can see
the chairman of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the
report for the year preceding this year was
sent here last year; but they are three years
behind time, and I have no objection to tho
reason for that, being given by the proper
officer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will examine the Senate Journal to see whether
the recollection of the Chair is correct. That
can'be done by to-morrow morning.
Mr. THURMAN. I will not ask the Senate,
under the circumstances, to take up the reso-
lution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently sc.id:
The Chair desireS to state in regard to the
printing of the Treasurer's report for 1IIG7,
which was the subject of discussion between
the two Senators from Ohio a few moments
ago, that he finds it was presented by the
Treasurer on the 10th of February, 1S70.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tiicrhax] 'vas
absent on that day, as appears by the yeas and
nays in the Globe. The Chair submitted it.
stating that it was so bulky that he would not
suggest an order to print it, but that if some
Senator made a motion to print it that motion
would go to the Committee oil Printing under
the Jaw. No Senator made that motion, and
the document was laid on the table. The
Chair will suggest that when the Committee on
Printing report on the printing of the Treas-
urer's report submitted at this session they
may also report in regard to the printing of
report sent in last year.
Mr. THUltMAN. If the statement of the
Chair is correct, the resolution that I offered
on Friday last is wholly unnecessary ; but it
is very manifest that unless those reports are
printed it is entirely useless to make them.
If they are merely to lie in manuscript in the
Secretary's otlice they are of no use whatso-
ever.
MSSSAOli FROM THE II0CSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2018) to prevent cruelty to
animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 2792) to change the times
for holding the district and circuit courts of the
United Slates at Erie, Pennsylvania ;
A bill (II. R. No. 27913) t.o authorize the
Worcester County National Bank, Massachu-
setts, to change its location; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 4-W) to ex-
empt. certain boats from the payment, of marine
hospital dues, and for other purposes,
EMPLOYES 02 THE SEXATli.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration;
liesolncd, That tho places of p.iae, of folder, and
of mcsscmierof tho Semite should :i 11 be til led by iliu
minor sons 01 poor mid destitute widows, who <u o iit
uud competent to perform the duties of the respect-
ive places.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is thefe objec-
