1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lifer
regard to salaries. In the next conference the
park could have been secured; but now the
wholo is surrendered. And, in relation to the
park, allow me to say that it was not proposed
to spend a single dollar out of the Treasury,
but merely to take all the grounds we have
and appropriate some we did not want for the
payment of any improvements that we might
wish to make. Now, some fine morning we
shall wake up and find that a railroad has
obtained possession of a large quantity of these
grounds for depots and its connections with
the cities. Already they are moving to obtain
a portion of the grounds, so as to be able to
come up to Sixth street with their buildings.
But, air, I will not consume any further time
on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You will have a vote
after I speak on behalf of the conference com-
mittee, not. before.
I am much obliged to my friend from Illi-
nois for accusing the representative of the con-
ference committee of misleading the Senate in
telling the simple truth. I do not know but
that my friend's idea of the way to mislead
people is to tell the truth; but I am sure I
should misrepresent him if I suggested that;
he certainly does not mean that. I stated to
the Senate fully and honestly, and without
comment, exactly what we have done; and
that is all. If that is misleading anybody, it
is his fault, not mine.
I do not mean to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate, but I dislike, I must confess, the remarks
of my colleague and those of my friend from
Illinois as applied to a committee of this body,
as if we had not stood up for its rights.
Mr. STEWART. I did not make any appli-
cation to ihe Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not alluded to my
friend from Nevada. Ialluded to my colleague
and my,friend from Illinois. Senators forget
that this was an appropriation bill that came
here from the House ; and I do not blame Sen-
ators for forgetting it. We have forgotten that
several other bills were appropriation bills, and
thought they were for everything else. We
have undertaken to ask the House of Repre-
sentatives to stop the operations of the Gov-
ernment in providing salaries from your Pres-
ident down, or else to agree to have an extension
of the Capitol grounds here, and a park there,
and a Department building at some other place.
What right have we to make any such issue
with them ? I have been on conference com-
mittees where they undertook that game, if I
may use such a term, that contrivance, (which
is perhaps more polite,) with us, and they have
always tailed, because they knew they could
not honestly stand before an intelligent people,
to whom we are all responsible, and say a bill
for carrying on the Government shall fail
unless one House will consent to its being rid-
den with something that is extraneous to it.
There was our trouble. When the conferees
and representatives of the House put it to us,
"Gentlemen, here is a bill to carry on the Gov-
ernment; you say you will not carry on the
Government unless we will consent to extend
the Capitol grounds, and you are to make that
issue with us," of course we cannot stand upon
it; nobody can, in truth. Therefore, we are
todothe best we can. Now, out of that which
we have attempted, the House has conceded in
tiiis bill, and against its rights to keep it an
appropriation bill, one important step toward
public improvements here. Does my col-
league, the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, mean to say
that he would rather havo nothing than to have
n noble and magnificent State Department to
preserve the records of the Government and
beautify and adorn the capital? I take it, not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My colleague
will notice that 1 acquitted the conferees on
this bill. I distinctly stated that I supposed
they obtained all they could.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, my
colleague says he acquitted us. I think he
has mischosen the word. Taking his speech(
he has first convicted us of crime against the
Senate, and then he has pardoned us. I un-
dertake to justify what we have done. We
have saved, according to your wishes, on abill
where we had no right to insist on any of it, one
building important to the public interests, and
the House after a struggle has acceded to it.
We have given up two other things, equally dear
to my heart as to that of my colleague, equally
necessary for the adornment and perfection of
this magnificent Capitol, it is true. We de-
manded three things, not one of which we were
entitled to on this bill; we have got one of
them, and my friend is not satisfied with that.
I do not like to be told, particularly as a
Vermonter, that the representatives of the
Senate have not back-bone enough to stick up
for the rights of the Senate as far as we can
stand upon them ; and I think the history of
conferences will not show what my friend from
Illinois and my colleague have said as to the
position of this body with the other House. I
think an impartial observer would be pretty
likely to say—and I believe they have got that
impression at the other end of this Capitol—
that we do not generally lose much on the
whole in these conferences. I think my friend
from Illinois is familiar with one question pend-
ing a year or two ago where on a very exciting
topic we were not supposed to have lost a
great deal.
But enough of that, sir. Now I state again,
and I have 110 feeling about it, I only report iairly
to the Senate what we have accomplished, and
why we were obliged to yield what we did, that
we stood upon untenable ground as to the
whole, and we have saved what we could. I
am perfectly willing, if the Senate do not want
this report, that they shall reject it. I shall be
satisfied. I have stated the case. Now you
can decide what you wish.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 agreeing to the conference report on the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
The report was .concurred in.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the following acts and joint
resolutions:
An act (S. No. 325) amendatory of an act
entitled "in act to further provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands
to the State of Nevada," approved June 8,
1868;
An act (S. No. 881) authorizing the St. Paul
and PaciBc Railroad Company to change its
line in consideration of a relinquishment of
lands;
An act (S. No. 047) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses ;
An act (S. No. 8GG) for the relief of Mary F.
Prindle;
An act (S. No. 518) for the relief of Bless-
ington Rutledge ;
A11 act (S. No. 901) granting a pension to
Elizabeth A. Spurgeon;
A11 act (S. No. 923) granting a pension to
Leann Cox ;
An act (S. No. 93G) granting a pension to
Hiram R. Rhea;
An act (S. No. 971) for the relief of Nancy
S. Ledford ;
Au act (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to
Julia Tray nor ;
A11 act (S. No. 1087) granting a pension \o
Mary B. Collins ;
An act (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Rox-
alaua W. Sawyer;
An act (S. No. 1240) granting a pension to
Adam D. Myers;
An act (S. No. 1309) granting a pension to
Martha J. Willey;
An act (S. No. 851) granting a pension to
Olive Coombs;
An act (S. No. 1371) granting a pension to
Ellis H. Haines;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 209) author-
izing the President to nominate and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint Lyman G. Spaulding a master in the
Navy of the United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 277) for the
relief of settlers-on the public lands;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 313) author-
izing the nomination and appointment to the
retired list of the Navy of certain volunteer
officers on the active list of the Navy who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war ;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 292) to amend
a joint resolution relating to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States, ap-
proved December 23, 1869 ;
« An act (S. No. 1327) to create ports of deliv-
ery at Eureka and Wilmington, in California,
and provide for appointment of deputy col-
lector of Vallejo, California, and to abolish the
office of surveyor of said port;
An act (S. No. 135G) to amend an act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights ;
An act (S. No. 892) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, the
pension and revenue officers, atid the judicial
officers of the United States in the city of
Trenton, New Jersey;
An act (S. No. 574) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to the State of Michigan,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Pere Marquette to Flint, in said State, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 1204) to authorize the restor-
ation of James Belger to the rank of major and
quartermaster in the Army; and
An act (S. No. 1011) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes.
message from tiib iiousb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted on its amend-
ments to the bill (S. No. 878) to amend au act
entitled "An act to establish and declare the
railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed, a post road, and for
other purposes," approved March 2, 1868,
asked a further conferencc on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Hexry IT. Starkweather of
Connecticut, Mr. William S. Holmax of
Indiana, and Mr. Charles O'Neill of Penn-
sylvania, managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed b,y the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1271) to amend an act for the
relief of Jearum Atkins, approved July 15,
1871; and
A bill (S. No. 913) granting the right of
way to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Rail-
way Company for its road across the Oneida
reservation in the State of Wisconsin.
bridges over hie great rigolet.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 878) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
structed, a post road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1868.
