1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
the white men or to the black men, at the
same time giving to each a fair chance for
educational advantages in the State.
I will remark right here that in the State of
Arkansas, impoverished as it is, coming out of
a terrible war, with a!l the property destroyed,
we pay, according to the Governor's message,
nearly half a million dollars annually for the
support of schools. I believe the precise
amount is $429,449 90. That people, impov-
erished as they are, struggling as they are with
adversity, have come up and taxed themselves
that amount with a view, not only to the edu-
cation of their own race, but of the black race
in their midst; and yet these unkind remarks
have been made in regard to that State.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman will allow me
to explain.
Mr. ROGERS- Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. What I said was on the best
information I could get, that the school system
in Arkansas, in spite of white hostility, was
doing better than that in many other States.
Mr. ROGERS. I understand that.
Mr. HOAR. Now I understand the gentle-
man admits that it has encountered hostil-
ity, and I understand that, on being asked, he
declines to say that it has encountered any
hostility from the blacks. It has therefore
reached its success, according to the gentle-
man's own admission, in spite of white hos-
tility.
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot yield further if
this comes out of my time. I presume that
the bulk of the black peopls in my State, to
deal candidly and fairly with my friend, know
very little about the school system in my State.
I presume that is the fact. I presume further-
more that they have paid very little of the taxes
in the State, and therefore are not very much
interested in how the money comes, so that it
comes.
1 will state that the school law of Arkansas
provides for ten superintendents, besides the
general superintendent, costing the State
$50,000. These superintendents have power
to compel the county courts to levy a tax as
high as three per cent, upon the taxable prop-
erty of the people therein, to support schools
for the negroes and the whites in the county.
Now I ask you if there was ever a more lib-
eral school system than that? If I asked
you if you would vote for such a sehool sj's-
tem in Massachusetts, you would say that you
would not.
Now, let me make another statement. I
live in a county where the tax to-day upon
my property amounts to six per cent., and a
little over, and that property is assessed by
a man whom 1 know nothing of, by a man.
appointed by the Governor of the State for
four years, and whose salary is derived from
the amount of assessments he makes upon the
property of that county. And yet they were
borne. And in the face of all that indulgence
on our part, gentlemen come here and, not
intentionally, Haunt in our fac-es the statement
that we are a set of barbarians, that we are
fast verging into barbarism, and therefore the
Government of the United States must come
to our relief and elevate us, it may be, into
the light of the glories of Massachusetts.
Mr. HOAR. If the gentleman will permit
me 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman yield?
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot for want of time.
I now pass from Arkansas, having stated the
whole of the matter as I understand it. Now
let me come to my own native State of Ten-
nessee, and who is it who does not love his
native State ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of
the gentleman has expired.
Mr. IIOAR. I hope the tims of the gen-
tleman will be extended for five minutes.
Mr. CREBS. I move that it be extended
for tea minutes.
No objection was made to extending the
time for five minutes.
Mr. ROGERS. I corae from Tennessee,
and what is the report from that State? My
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] says
this:
"Tennessee: Successfully established school sys-
tem overthrown, and provisions of the old 'pauper
school' law reestablished. No normal school."
And following that he says that he is in-
formed—and I doubt not he has had such a
statement made to him—that in three counties
in Tennessee there is not to day a child being
educated. Sir, it was my fortune to be born
in Tennessee. As early as forty years ago
there was a common-school system in that
State. All the education I have ever received
I obtained in one of the country schools in the
county where I lived, partly paid for by the
people of the county and partly paid for by my
father.
Now, let us see something about these schools
in Tennessee. I have taken this statement to
a distinguished gentleman and a Senator of
the United States from the State of Tennessee,
and he has furnished me with a statement which
I beg gentlemen to listen to as I read:
" Prior to the war we had a large school food in the
Bank of Tennessee. That bank was carried south,
and in i860 so me $4110,030 was recovered from the bank,
in specie, that was invested in United States bonds.
($618,000.) in seven-thirties, and deposited in a bank
at Memphis, and more than three hundred thousand
dollars lost by the failure of the bank, (national
bank.) Since the war a tax has been levied upon
property for common schools, and owing to the em-
barrassed condition of the State a large amount of
the proceeds was used to pay the State militia, and
the greater part of the remainder paid to school
officers."
Mr. CREBS. Under whose administration
was this ?
Mr. ROGERS. This was done under the
administration of ray friend, Mr. Bkownlow.
I supposed that would be understood without
my stating that fact.
"When the Democrats obtained the majority they
repealed the general law, and authorized the county
courts to levy a tax for school purposes, and by the
constitution the poll-tax, which cannot he less than
fifty cents or more than one dollar, is to be applied
to schools; by an act ot" the last Legislature the county
courts are authorized to levy a tax of fifty cents on
dogs for schools, exempting one dog in each family."
Now, I will ask my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoar] if he and the people of
Massachusetts have ever been so anxious to
educate their children as to absolutely levy a
tax on dogs for that purpose? Our people in
that country were hard run; they had but
little money; they felt the need of education,
and hence they absolutely levied a tax 011
dogs, exempting one for each family, to carry
forward their sehool system. Yet my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] comes for-
ward here and reads a letter from a man of
the name of Barbour Lewis, to which i will
call attention in a moment, saying that we are
in a state of barbarism, and fast hasteuiug to
darkness and despair..
Now, in reference to the fact that there is
not a child now attending school in three coun-
ties of Tennessee, I will undertake to say, from
ray knowledge of the country, that that state-
ment is a canard.
This statement from which I have been read-
ing was obtained by me from Senator Fowler,
a Republican, I believe, in the other end of
the Capitol. He gave me this statement be-
cause I asked him. I wanted it in order to
put my native State right. Now, sir, do you
believe that in a State where such efforts to
promote education have been made there are
three counties in which there is not a single
child being educated. I do not believe a word
of it.
I wish now to allude to the letter of Mr.
Barbour Lewis, embodied in the speech of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. I ask the
Olerk to read an extract from that letter.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Memphis, Tennessee, January 10,1871.
" Themasses of the children of our State are utterly
excluded from the blessings of books, and knowl-
edge and enlightenment, except in those compara-
tively few instances where their parents are either
wealthy or in a high degree intelligent and self-
sacrificing for the good of their off-pring. In other
words, the law as it now stands in our State care-
fully and zealously provide'for the barbarism and
debasement of posterity. Our public press is gen-
erally hostile, often bitterly so, to any general and
efficient system of popular education. It prefers
that the masses should grow up prejudiced and
ignorant and brutal."
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, the last clause
of the extract which has just been read is as
base a slander as the devil ever prompted one
of his imps on earth to utter. That is strong
language, but I mean it. I know Mr. Barbour
Lewis. I know that this letter was not written
in the interest of the country. Although he
lives in that State, pretending to be a citizen,
mixing with the people aiid doing business
with them, yet for party purposes he will write
such a letter as that to the Congress of the
United States, to be published to the world,
and thus to slander his friends and neigh-
bors—the men with whom he is in close asso-
ciation every day. I well recollect this man
Barbour Lewis. Just after the constitutional
convention in that State, and just before the
constitution was voted upon by the people, I
met him in Memphis. He askid me what I
thought the result would be. I told him, " I
believe the constitution will be voted down."
Said he, "Sir, the bureau, I fear, has not
been efficient in that State." Sir, a man who
would strike down the ballot for party pur-
poses, who would use, to promote partisan
ends, the Freedrnen's Bureau, or other agen-
cies unwarranted by the Constitution of the
country, is a bad man; a man who is only
" lit for treason, stratagems, and spoils."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOWNSBND. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league on the Committee of Education and
Labor from Illinois, [Mr. McNeei.y.] in his
carefully prepared and ingenious argument
against this bill, delivered on the 8th of Jan-
uary, when he came to that portion of it which
involved the constitutionality of a national
system of education used the following lan-
guage :
" Sir. the exclusive right to superintend and regu-
late the education of their children is included in
the reserved rights of the people which they have
never delegated to the General Government. Any
assumption of power by Congress over that reserved
right, under any pretense, would be a monstrous
usurpation and a flagrant violation of the Constitu-
tion. Congress cau exercise no power not expressly
granted by the Constitution,"
He also staled that—
" In view of the further fact that Washington and
other framersof the Constitution regarded the mat-
ter of popular education of as much importance as
we do, the simple omission of an express grant of
power to Congress to regulate the educational silfairs
of the people is a conclusive answer to the argument
of gentlemen who contend that the framers of that
instrument intended to confer such power."
Upon these two propositions of hi3 own,
and on that amendment to the Constitution
which declares that " the powers not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution nor
prohibited by it to the States are reserved to
the States, respectively, or the people," he
bases the whole of his argument against the
constitutionality of the contemplated law.
Such bold and sweeping assertions as are
contained in his propositions would seem to
indicate that he has carelessly read the writ-
ings of the learned commentators and the de-
cisions of our highest judicial tribunal, or
that be belongs to that branch of his political
party which adheres to the strictest construc-
tion of the Constitution, and which would
scarcely allow it sufficient inherent power for
its own preservation. His doctrines seem to
be those which, originating in the southern
States, were so strongly urged in days long
gone by, but which, under the influence of
enlightened commentaries and judicial decis-
ions, have been laid away among dust and
rubbish in the museum of ancient political
heresies.
The doctrine that "Congress can exercise
no power not expressly granted by the Con-
