1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U9
tion to the present consideration of this reso-
lution ?
Mr. COLE. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely state the reason
why I offer the resolution. There is scarcely
a day that the members of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses are not importuned by
some poor woman to have her son put in some
such place, she alleging that she has not the
means to buy herself bread or to purchase
fuel to warm her children; and to escape
these appeals to some extent, and to have the
places that the children of these poor and des-
titute women can well fill filled by them, is
the simple object of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will go on the Calendar of resolutions, as its
present consideration is objected to.
Mr. DAVIS. I give notice that I will call
it u;.) to-morrow morning.
iiousk bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions
from the House of Representatives were sever-
ally read twice by their titles, and referred as
indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 2018) to prevent cruelty
to animals while in transit by railroad or
other means of transportation within the Uni-
ted States—to the Committee on Agriculture.
The bill (II. R. No. 2792) to change the
times for holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States at Erie, Pennsylvania—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2793) to authorize the
Worcester Count-y National Bank, Massachu-
setts, to change its location—to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The joint resolution (EL R. No. 449) to ex-
empt certain boats from the payment of marine
hospital dues, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 460) declar-
atory of the meaning of the twenty-sixth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
Julv 14, 1870—-to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the question
of the reference of the next bill may lead to
some controversy, the Chair desires attention
to its tide.
The bill (H. R. No. 2591) relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries was read twice
by its tide.
Mr. SUMNER. A bill almost identical
with that in language, certainly in substance,
has been already carefully considered by the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, and
is now on the Calendar of the Senate. I think,
therefore, I shall not err if I move the refer-
ence of this bii! to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it had better lie
on.the table until we dispose of the concurrent
resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better go to
the committee now. If the concurrent resolu-
tion be disposed of, as the Senator desires, the
bill can then be taken from the committee with
the other bills. I think it would hasten busi-
ness to have its reference made at once.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the bill amounts
to nothing, and it is quite immaterial where it
goes.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then let it go
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVANCES lit TIIH STATES.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Is there a bill before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is; the
special order, Senate bill No. 508.
Mr. THURMAN. J. did not know that. I
was going to ask the Senate to take up a bill;
but of course I do not wish to interfere with
the Senator from Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
made the special order for this day, but was
postponed by the unfinished business of yes-
terday ; and it is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee, of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
508) to refund to the States the interest and
discount on money borrowed to equip, pay,
supply, and transport troops for the service of
the United States in the recent war.
The question was stated to be on the amend-
ment of Mr. Mortox, to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause and to
insert:
That any State or States ■which, daring the recent
war, borrowed money to purchase supplies, equip
troops, and to pay expenses incurred in raising, equip-
ping:, furnishing, and transporting troops for the ser-
vice of the United States, shall have refunded the
interest paid by such State, or shall hereafter pay
on such borrowed money, up to the time that the
principal thereof has been, or shall hereafter be,
paid back to such State, and the discount suffered
on bonds sold to borrow such money, not exceeding
ten per cent., the discount being necessary in order
to sell said bonds: and the accounting officers of the
Treasury are hereby required to examine and adjust
any and all claims that may be presented under this
act; and such sums as are allowed shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. MORTON. I will detain the Senate
but a few minutes in regard to this bill. There
are one or two amendments that I shall sug-
gest before action is finally taken, but I will
not refer to them now.
The first proposition is that the interest
which the States paid on money that was bor-
rowed for the beuefit of the General Govern-
ment, and advanced for the General Govern-
ment during the late war, shall be reimbursed
to the States. Nearly all the principal has
been paid. Perhaps there are balances due
to several States yet. There is a small balance
due to Indiana, and peihaps to other States;
but nearly ali the principal of these advances
has been paid. The interest has not been
paid.
I will not argue the propriety or the duty of
the Government, paying interest. That has
been settled by the repeated action of the
Government in regard to similar advances
made by the States during the revolutionary
war, the war of 1812, several Indian wars, and
the Mexican war; and the obligation of the
Government seems to have been fully recog-
nized on numerous occasionsand by numerous
acts of Congress. An act whs passed at the
last session recognizing the duty and obliga-
tion of Congress to repay interest that has been
paid by the States. 1 will state here that in
preparing this bill I have not included the pay-
ment of interest on money that was raised by
the States by taxation. Perhaps it would be
right, where the States raised money by tax-
ation, and advanced that for the benefit of the
General Government, that interest should be
paid upon that; for it made no difference to the
General Government whether the States bor-
rowed the money or raised it by taxation ; the
Government got the benefit of it all the same.
But as the States do not loan money, I have
not thought proper in this bill to provide for
the payment of interest on money raised by
taxation, but to reimburse the States for inter-
est on money that they were compelled to bor-
row; in other-words, to endeavor to make the
States whole as nearly as possible.
This is a debt due to the States just as hon-
estly as the money borrowed from individuals
upon bonds, and should be paid as fully and
as promptly as though it was obtained in any
other manner. I see, by reference to the act
that was passed at the last session of Congress
in relation to the State of Massachusetts, it is
enacted that—
"There shall be allowed on the claim of the State
of Massachusetts for interest paid by her on money
expended by f-aid State on account of the war with
Great Britain -in 1812 to 1815 the sum oi"$67S,362 41,
in full of said claim."
I would here call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that the Massachusetts bill goes fur-
ther than the bill now Before the Senate, in this:
that the bill before the Senate does not include
interest upon money raised by taxation, but the
Massachusetts bill was for money expended
by the State without regard to the question
whether the State had borrowed the money or
had raised it by taxation. That is a very recent
act. I have two or three statutes of the kind
here that I might refer to, but it is not neces-
sary. I will, however, read the act. in favor of
Pennsylvania, passed March 1, 1827, in which
it is provided:
" That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to liquidate and settle the claim of the
State of Pennsylvania against the United States for
interest upon loans or moneys borrowed and actually
expended by her for the use and benefit of the Uni-
ted States during the late war with Great Britain."
Then I have another act showing that it has
been carried to expenditures made by States
for Indian wars. I refer to the act, in favor of
the State of Alabama, passed January 7, 1849:
"Be %t enacted, &c.. That the Secretary of War be,
and is hereby, directed to pay interest upon the ad-
vances made by the State of Alabama for the use of
the United States Government in the suppression of
hostilities by the Creek Indians, in 1838 and 1837, at
tho rato of six per cent, per annum from the time of
the advance until tho principal sum was paid by the
United States to the State of Alabama; and the sum
so found to be due to said Stale sshall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
That does not refer either to the manner in
which this money was obtained, whether by
taxation or by loans.
Enough, then, Mr. President, forthe present
upon the subject of interest; I come now to
the only clause of this bill perhaps upon which
there ought to be any doubt, or upon which
there may be a difference of opinion, but I
hope there will be none, and that is, as lo
reimbursing to the States "the discount suf-
fered on bonds sold to borrow such money,
not exceeding ten per ceut., the discount
having been necessary in order to sell said
bonds." The State, selling a bond for ninety
cents, has to pay one hundred cents when the
bond comes due : and the question is, whether
the State or the General Government should
lose that ten cents discouut. The States made
these advances as a matter of necessity. When
the war broke out the Government of the
United States had not the money to advance
to the States or to pay out on her own account
in equipping troops. For the first eight
months of the war the money was provided
chiefly by the States.
Some States were able to sell their bonds at
par. I presume Massachusetts was, and so
wus Vermont, and so were some other New
England States, and it may be other eastern
States. I will not say as to that; but there
were other States which could not sell their
bonds at par. They had not sufficient credit
in the market to enable them to do so. The
State of Indiana was compelled to sell her
bonds at a discount. It is not necessary now
to discuss the extent of the discount in the
sale of Indiana bonds. T have provided that
the Government shall be liable for the discouut
not exceeding ten per cent. Some of the States
sold their bonds at a greater discount than that;
but I presumed that it will be satisfactory to
make a limit of ten percent. Asthiswasnot
a voluntary matter on the part of the States—
that is to say, as it was not a matter of choice,
but a matter of necessity, for the preservation
of the Government—the justice of paying this
discount, I think, cannot be disputed.
And. then, I call the attention of the Senate
particularly to this point in regard to the dis-
count: that all the money advanced by the
I States for the benefit of the General Govern-
I ment, where they sold their bomlsatadiseouu1:
j of feti pt'i' cent., that is, at ninety <>a the
i dollar, wds the cheapest money that the Gov
