55 0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ernment borrowed during the entire war ; cer-
tainly the cheapest money borrowed after 1801.
The money borrowed on the bonds of the Uni-
ted States was currency, except upon some of
the bonds sold in 1861. The Government got
enly par in currency for its bonds ; and, indeed,
eome of its bonds in 1861 were sold at less than
par. I do not know what the discount was;
but the Government sold some of its bonds at
a discount during the first year of the war, as
I am advised. But the Government paid six
per cent, interest in gold upon its bonds. That
six percent, interest in gold was equivalent the
next year to ten per cent, in currency, was
equivalent the third year to twelve percent, in
currency, and was equivalent during the fourth
year, a part of the time, to fourteen or fourteen
aud a half per cent, in currency.
Now, when you take into account the inter-
est that was paid by the Government upon its
bonds, (counting it as currency we paid all the
way from six per cent, up to fourteen and a
half per cent., and then gradually declining,
after the war, from fourteen and a half to ten,
then to nine, then to eight, and now to some-
thing less than seven per cent.,) it, will lie
readily understood that the money obtained
from the States was far cheaper to the Gov-
ernment than the money obtained upon its
own bonds, even though the State bonds were
sold at a discount of ten per cent. If the State
bonds had been sold at seventy-five cents on the
dollar, instead of ninety cents, still that, money
would be as cheap, or very nearly as cheap, to
the General Government to-day as the money
it, obtained upon its own bonds at par, paying
six percent, interest in gold. Therefore, allow-
ing to the States the benefit of the discount
they suffered, so that they shall be reimbursed
and made whole as nearly as possible, still the
money thus obtained was cheaper to the Gov-
ernment than the money it obtained upon its
own bonds.
This, 111". President, is, [ think, all that it is
necessary for me to say at this time. 1 trust
there will not be extended opposition to this
bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I rise to suggest totheSen-
ntor from Indiana a further amendment, which
would answer some of the cases not entirely
covered by his amendment. After the word
" money," in the eleventh line, 1 would insert
the words " or suffered in the scrip issued to
pay buch accounts."
There are Statesin the far Northwest—Min-
nesota is one—who were so unfortunate a3 to
be under the necessity of issuing scrip to pay
off their indebtedness at that time. Wo have
passed that, point now. But then we were m
that condition, and wesuffered the depreciation
of this scrip. Wc paid the real value of the
claim, its true and honest amount, suffering
this depreciation ourselves. I think wc ought
to be made good for that loss, as well as the
Srate which suffered a depreciation in the sale
of its bonds; and I think the Senator will agree
with me in this. The amount cannot be very
much, and it is confined to a few States in the
extreme West. Does the Senator from Indiana
accept my amendment ?
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps the amendment
is just; but I would not at present like to
accept it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move it as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The original bill was intro-
duced at the last session by the Senator from
Indiana, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and reported with an amendment strik-
ing out so much as provided for the payment
of the discount on State bonds. The commit-
tee reported in favor of paying the interest
which the States .had paid. I am in favor of
paying the interest which they paid, but not
the discount which they suffered. I think we
had better stand upon the original bill, as
amended by thecommittee, paying theinterest
but not paying the discount. I hope, there-
fore, this amendment will not.be adopted.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not understand
the argument of the Senator fronv- Indiana
when he claims that this bill is a bill of equity,
for I do not know why he should draw the
line at ten percent, and say that certain States
are not to have payment for the loss they suf-
fered in consequence of selling their bonds at
a discount, when that loss might have been
twelve or fifteen per cent., or, as he says,
twenty-five per cent. If it is just and equita-
ble in the one case it is in the other.
But there is one point of view in which, to
my mind, there is no equity in it. If the
Senator from Indiana sold the bonds of that
State at par, and the Governor of the State of
Minnesota sold the bonds of Minnesota at
twenty-five per cent, discount, I do not see
what equity there is in coming before the
Congress of the United States and asking
Congress to enforce a tax upon the people of
Indiana to make good the loss sustained by
the people of Minnesota. It is not in accord-
ance with my idea of just and equitable taxa-
tion. It would impose a heavier burden, an
unjust burden, upon the people of Indiana,
thus to make up the losses sustained by the
State of Minnesota, because the State of Min-
nesota did not happen to have as good credit
as the State of Indiana.
I should be perfectly satisfied to have this
bill provide for paying the interest on debts
which the States inclined from the time the
States paid them up to the time the money was
refunded by the United States Government.
That is the only point of equity which I can
see in it. Anything beyond that I do not now
feel that I can appiove.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 take it for granted the Sen
ator from Indiana who introduced this bill, and
has now offered theanumdnient, has given such
attention to the subject as to have a knowledge
of how much, if any, of the principal of this
borrowed money is yet outstanding and to be
made a claim against the United Stales; and
in that point of view I wish to call his atten-
tion to the effect of passing this amendment in
the form in which he has offered it.
The amendment provides for refunding to
the " State or Slates which during the recent
war borrowed money to purchase supplies,
equip troops," &c., "the interest paid by such
State, or shall hereafter pay, on such borrowed
money up to the time that the principal thereof
has been or shall hereafter be paid back to such
State." Now, it is evident that if there be
claims for principal which have not yet been
allowed the language of this amendment will
require the accounting officers of the Treasury
to go on pttying to those States the interest
upon that piincipal, when the liability of the
General Government for the principal itself
has not yet been recognized. I think, if the
Senator from Indiana will direct his attention
to the amendment as he has now offered it, he
will see that this is the effect of it: that we
require the accounting officers of the Treasury
to pay to the various States that have borrowed
money interest upon that borrowed money
before we have recognized the liability of
the General Government for the principal or
directed the principal to be paid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from Pennsylvania that I have
already called the attention of the Senator
from Indiana to the same point, and I have an
amendment which I presume the Senator from
Indiana will accept.
Mr. SCOTT. I had not heard the Senator
from Vermont call the attention of the Senator
from Indiana to that subject. Perhaps I was
not in at the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did it pri-
vately.
Mr. SCOTT. I have not given sufficient
consideration to the subject to offer an amend-
ment to meet the difficulty; but on reading the
amendment of the Senator from In-diana that,
it seems to me, will be the effect of it.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that I understand that nearly
all the principal thus advanced has been paid
back. The Government has fully recognized
its responsibility for the principal. Whether
it has been done by a clause in an appropria-
tion bill or by direct legislation I am not now
prepared to say ; but the liability of the Gov-
ernment to pay the principal I think is taken
for granted, and the fact is that most of it has
been paid back. 1 know it has been in regard
to my own State, but the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department hold that there is no
law authoiizing them to refund the inteiest.
Theie is the point.
Mr. SCOTT. But the point to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senator from Indi-
ana is, that if there be any principal for which
provision has not yet been made this amend-
ment will require the United States Govern-
ment to pay the interest upon that principal,
whatever it may be, although we have not
recognized the liability for or provided for
the payment of that principal. The language
of the amendment is that they "shall have
rpfunded the interest." I think there is a
mistake in the phraseology; it reads "the
interest paid by such State, or shall hereafter
pay on such borrowed money." The tense is
wrong; it ought to be "interest heretofore paid
by such State, or which shall hereafter be paid
on such borrowed money up to the time that
the principal thereof has been or shall here-
after be paid back to such State. " There the
acknowledgment, is made that the United States
may hereafter be called upon to pay back prin-
cipal to these States ; aud yet the provision
now is that we ate to pay interest upon that
principal bef'oie we have recognized the liability
for the principal.
Mr MORTON. I will state what I mean.
The liability of the Government to pay all the
principal is recognized, but in some eases the
settlements are not completed ; the Govern-
ment has not paid it all back. Now, it should
pay the interest, on the borrowed money up to
the time that the Government pays it back to
the States, because it is to be presumed that
the States continue to pay interest on their
borrowed money until the Government refunds
the money. Therefore 1 put in that provision.
I do not provide that the Government shall pay
interest that the States may pay after the Gov-
ernment has refunded to the States, although
I think that would be just. I will take my own
State as an illustration. We have paid off all
our war bonds except about one hundred and
seventy-eight thousand dollars, and that con-
stitutes now about all the debt Indiana has
got, and we have the money in the treasury
to pay off those bonds, but the bondholders
will not accept the money. We had to pro-
vide that our bonds should run twenty years in
order to sell them, and we must continue to
pay the interest because the holders of the
bonds will not accept the money ; and, as a
matter of justice, it would he right that, the
Government should pay us hack the interest
as long as we have to pay it. But I do not
provide for that in the bill; I do not go to
that extent.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator answer
me one question ? At what price can the
State of Indiana buy her bonds in the market
now?
Mr. MORTON. She would have to buy
them at a premium. I do not know what it
would he.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Would it not be a good
deal cheaper to pay that premium than to pay
interest for twenty years?
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps it might; I can-
not say about that; but as soon as we bought
the bonds at a premium the inteiest would
