1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
stitution" was exploded long .before my col-
league was born. That fatal word "expressly"
was contained in the second of the Articles of
Confederation, and was the parent of unnum-
bered woes to that ill-starred compact. It was
a band of iron around the General Govern-
ment. restraining any elasticity of power and
denying to that Government any authority to
promote the ends of its formation by any means
unless they were expressly stipulated.
When that amendment to. which I have
alluded was before Congl-ess, an effort was
made to insert the Word "expressly;" so that
all powers not "expressly" delegated to the
United States should be considered as reserved
to the States or the people.
The evils attendant on the Government
under the old Articles of Confederation were
too fresh in the minds of Congressmen to be
overlooked, and they well remembered that
the restrictive clause crippled the Government
in its operations or made it totally disregard
it when the exigencies of the public service
seemed to require.
Congress refused, therefore, to insert the
clause, it having been remarked, as Judge
Story says in his Commentaries, on whose
authority my colleague relies—
" That it is impossible to confine a Government to
the exercise of express powers. There must neces-
sarily be admitted powers by implication, unless the
Constitution descended to tbe most minute details.
It is a general principle that all corporate bodies
possess a 1 powers incident to a corporate capacity
without being absolutely expressed."
So, too, it is said in 2 Lloyd's Debates, 234,
that in the Virginia convention to ratify the
amendment an effort was made to insert the
word "expressly," but was finally abandoned,
as inexpedient and improper. It therefore
appears that the effort to restrict the powers
of Congress to powers expressly enumerated
in the Constitution was deliberately considered
and abandoned, and my colleague has no
authority upon which to base his propositions.
"The simple omission, then, of an express
grant of power to Congress" is not " a conclu-
sive answer" to a claim of power, or a proof
of its non-existenee, nor is it an answer at all,
for the whole history of our country is a repu-
diation of such a proposition.
The power to create a Bank of the United
States, or a Department of Agriculture, or to
erect certain kinds of internal improvements,
or to administer oaths of office, or to puiysb
certain crimes, or to purchase territory from
foreign Powers, is nowhere expressly granted
in the Constitution ; yet a power to create these
and many other instruments of government
and to extend the bounds of the nation has
been found and exercised, and- is every day
acknowledged by my colleague and his party.
These are called the incidental powers of the
Constitution, without which it could not be
made to answer its great ends, and would be
as helpless as the old Confederation.
Having thus shown, as I believe, the error
of my colleague's propositions, that there are
no powers in the Constitution not expressly
granted, and that the omission of a grant of
a power is evidence of its non-existence, let
me answer the question he propounded to my
colleague from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
asking where the clause may be found which
authorizes the establishment of a national
system of education, and which, I thought,
he ought to have considered as fully answered
then. 1 will endeavor to tell him where it
lies. The Cramers of the Constitution, hav-
ing witnessed the failure of the Confederation
to obtain the desired end, a good, firm, and
stable Government, adapted to their growing
wants and necessities, determined to construct
another and a better form of government, and
they made the present Constitution. They
had great objects and aims in view, and they
expressed them in tho instrument. They de-
clared that the object.' for which it was framed
were —
"To form a mora perfe.'t Union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity."
They also provided that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of igovernmeot, and
shall protect each of them against invasion."
These were great aud noble purposes to be
effected, and were intended not only for the
benefit of their own generation, but for all who
should succeed them in all future time.
They were wise enough to know that no con-
stitution could be so minutely drawn as to pro-
vide all the means whereby these great ends
should be promoted, and that increase of wealth
and prosperity, increase of territory, new forms
of business and commerce, changes in the rela-
tions of the people toward each other, and
a thousand other vicissitudes, would create a
demand foe new laws and regulations among
the States and the people. Therefore it was
that at the end of the enumerated powers of
Congress they inserted a clause under which
they intended Congress should find the author-
ity to secure the results they desired to attain.
That clause reads as follows:
" Congressshall have power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into ex-
ecution the foregoing powers and all other Dowers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States or in auy Department or officer
thereof."
This was intended to be an active, plastic,
substantive power; one which could be applied
to all uhenumerated cases and to all cases
involving the establishment of justice, the
insuring of domestic tranquillity, and the per-
petuation of liberty and the promotion of the
common defense and general welfare of the
people. That this power has lain compara-
tively dormant is no argument against its use
whenever Congress shall choose to exercise it.
In the celebrated case of McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland, (4 Wheaton, 4U0,) in which
the greatest legal talent of the country was
engaged, in which Webster, Pinkney, and Wirt
contended against Hopfeinson, Jones, and Mar-
tin, the extent of the power conferred by this
clause was fully argued, and under it the con-
stitutionality of a bank of the United States
was established. It was strenuously urged on
that occcasion concerning a national bank, as
it is by my colleague to day concerning a
national system of education, that the omis-
sion of a grant to Congress in the enumerated
powers, of authority to charter a national bank
was conclusive evidence of the non-existence
of such a power, and that as all powers not
expressly granted ■ in the Constitution were
reserved to the States, or to the people, the
authority to charter such an institution was
withheld from Congress.
But Chief Justice Marshall, delivering the
unanimous opinion of the court in a master-
piece of logic and unanswerable reasoning,
established the principle, which has never yet'
been shaken, that whenever Congress, in the
exercise of its discretion, should come to the
conclusion that a bank of the United States was
" necessary and proper" to carry out any of
the provisions of the Constitution, or any of
the ends for which it was created, Congress
could establish such a bank. Of the propriety
of the measure aud of the extent of the neces-
sity Congress was to be the sole judge. There
need not be an absolute necessity required to
call this power into requisition; for if Con-
gress should believe that the Government
could be carried on with more ease, economy,
aud.safety with such an institution than with-
out it, then Congress, in its discretion, could
create such an instrument of government.
The whole principle of the incidental powers
of Congress can be best summed up in a couple
of sentences of that, celebrated opinion. In
one of them the Chief Justice says:
" In considering this question, then, we must never
forget that it is a coustitution we arc expounding."
In other words, it is not a mere law to be
strictly interpreted, but a frame of government
under which laws are to be made to suit all
the growing wants and necessities of the peo-
ple as they may arise. In the other he says:
"Let the end be legitimate, let it be within the scope
of the Constitution, and ail means which are appro-
priate, which are plainly adapted to the end, which
aro not prohibited, but consist with the letter and
spirit of the Constitution, are constitutional."
Under the constitutional power thus enunci-
ated the Department of Agriculture was estab-
lished, although no allusion is made to agri-
culture in the Constitution. The functions
of Government were exercised without it for
a long series of years, but Congress decided
that it could provide better for the general
welfare of the people of the Union by estab-
lishing such a Department than without it.
So, too, there is no authority expiessly granted
in the Constitution to purchase territory ; yet,
under the Democratic administration of Jeffer-
son, nearly seventy years ago, we purchased
Louisiana, and paid over ten million dollars
for it. It was deemed "necessary and proper"
for the general welfare that we should have
control of the navigation of the Mississippi,
and the Democratic party did not make the
objection to the purchase that there was no
express power in the Constitution to that end.
We bought Florida also for $5,000,000, be-
cause it was thought " necess&ry and proper"
to have it, and that a foreign nation should
not own a small strip of contiguous territory
from whose ports armed cruisers could issue
in time of war to annoy our commerce in the
Gulf of Mexico. And at a very recent date
we purchased Alaska for over seven million
dollars, on the supposition by the treaty-mak-
ing power that it would be for the benefit of
the nation. For none of these purchases can
express authority be found, yet every states-
man recognizes the power given in the Consti-
tution by implication to make such acquisitions
of territory.
Power is expressly given in the Constitution
to punish the crimes of piracy and felonies
committed on the high seas, and offenses
against the laws of nations, and counterfeit-
ing the current coin of the United States, and
treason, but no other crimes are mentioned.
According to the doctrine of my colleague,
as there is an omission to grant power to pun-
ish any other crimes, no sucb power exists,
and yet that power has been exercised repeat-
edly in providing for the punishment of many
other offenses. I might say the same of offi-
cial oaths, there being no oaths mentioned in
the Constitution except that of the President,
yet the omission of a mention of other oaths
has not prevented the imposition of oaths by
law on public officers when entering on then-
duties.
I might cite many other matters of govern-
mental machinery that are put into action that
are not enumerated in the Constitution, but all
of which, like those above stated, are " neces-
sary and proper " to enable Congress to givo
to the people all the blessings sought to ba
obtained under tbe Constitution, and the cre-
ation of which has been legitimately deduced
from the section to which 1 have alluded.
Having established, then, as 1 believe, both
from reason and the highest authority that the
doctrines of my colleague from Illinois are
erroneous, and shown the constitutional right
of Congress to establish Mich institutions as ir
may deem proper and necessary to execute
any of the enumerated powers or anv oilier
powers vested in the Government by the Con-
stitution, 1 propose to show tbe propriety
of the application ol that right and power in
the establishment of a system of national
education.
1 am willing to admit that where the people
of a State provide by law for the education of
their children it would be improper to inter-
fere by congressional legislation, but in the
absence of such provision 1 contend that it is
both "necessary and proper," both   right and
a duty of Congress to supply the deficiency.
