1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
stop. Whenever we get tlie bonds any way
the interest stops.
Mr. FENTON. If I am correct in my under-
standing of the scope of this amendment, look-
ing to the benefit that New York would derive
under it, I should not certainly complain. The
language is broad enough to cover a ease
which I will present, which is the actual con-
dition of the question as it relates to New York
to day. Not unlike most of the States, I sup-
pose, early in the war New York advanced
sums for the raising, equipping, and sending
forward of troops. At a later period New
York, as did many other States, raised also
large sums of money to secure the enlistment
of and send forward troops as late as 1863
and 18G4. In the winter of 1865, in the month
of January, New York, by general enactment,
provided for the raising of a large sum of
money to do just what this amendment says
may be regarded as a debt, upon which the
State possibly was paying interest, or which
may by implication be returned by the General
Government to the State. The provision is:
" That any Stateor States which, during the recent
war, borrowed money to purchase supplies, equip
troops, and to pay expenses incurred in raising,
equipping, furnishing, and transporting troops for
the service of the United States, shall have refunded
the interest paid by such State, or shall hereafter
pay on such borrowed money," &c.
Under authority of the legislation of New
York, to which I have referred, in January
and February, 1865, the State incurred a debt
of over twenty-seven million dollars, and that
debt is still existing, and upon it the State is
paying semi-annual interest, the principal to
be returned in twelve years from the 1st day
of July, 1835. Now, what I wish to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Indiana is
whether this case that I now state as the ease
of New York will not be embraced in the pro-
visions of his amendment, and whether the
interest paid by New York for the entire period
of twelve years upon these $27,000,000 will
not, under the provisions of this amendment,
be refunded to the State?
Mr. MORTON. I will state very frankly
to the Senator from New York that this bill
is not intended to cover such a case. The
State of New York, for the purpose, per-
haps, of preventing a draft, agreed to pay
additional bounties. Those were not bounties
or expenses for which the Government will
account to the Stats of New York. I presume
there is no law now, whatever may be done
hereafter, under which the State of New York
could apply to the General Government for
the repayment of the moneys thus advanced
for additional bounties on the part of that
State. Therefore the interest upon that money
thus borrowed would not properly be included
in this bill. But it is to cover advances made
by the States for the benefit of the General
Government, when the Government had not
the money herself and the States were obliged
to buy the equipment and the supplies in order
to send the troops into the field. In the be-
ginning of the war the State of Indiana—and
other States had to do the same thing—pur-
chased arms and quartermasters' and commis-
sary stores, paid the transportation of troops
to the field, went to the expense of rais-
ing troops, establishing camps, and all those
expenses incident to recruiting; and those
are legitimate expenses which the Government
of the United States is bound to repay.
But the question of refunding money paid
for special bounties that the State of New
York determined to pay, perhaps out of patri-
otic motives, or it might be, as in some cases,
to avoid a draft, no doubt for the benefit of
the country, is entirely different; and that
State can hardly apply now under any law to
the Government to reimburse the principal of
such loans, and consequently the interest upon
tliem would not be included.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I understand the
Senator from Indiana to say that the State of
Indiana is indebted about one hundred and
seventy-eight thousand dollars in bonds, which
cannot be paid because the owners of them
will not give them up, and he asks Congress
to make an appropriation that shall pay the
interest on those bonds until they can be can-
celed by the State 
Mr. MORTON. No; the Senator misun-
derstood me. I stated that in justice we
might do so, but I do not include that case in
the bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I thought the Sen-
ator did.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator misunder-
stood me.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I was going to sug-
gest another thing. Suppose a State is in
debt; has become indebted for the very pur-
pose of aiding the Government, and is paying
interest annually on that account. Suppose
the adjoining State has taxed its citizens and
paid all its war debt. What propriety, what
justice is there in imposing an additional tax
upon that adjoining State to pay the present
indebtedness of the one by its side?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, heretofore I have been opposed to the
General Government's assuming and paying
this interest due to the several States for money
advanced for war purposes, and for the reason
that at the time the eredit of the General Gov-
ernment was better than that of the States. 1
think now the credit of the General Govern-
ment has got so fully restored that we may
very well meet this obligation ; and the general
purpose and scope of the bill, as proposed to
be amended by the Senator from Indiana, I
therefore approve. But I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether he will not accept the following
words as an amendment: in line six, after the
words " United States," to insert "for which
the accounts have been or shall hereafter be
audited and allowed by the Treasury Depart-
ment of the Government." I think that will
obviate the objections which have been made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, and also
obviate the inclusion of the claim presented
by the Senator from New York.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; the amendment
meets the precise point made by the Senator
from New York, confining the interest to such
principal as has been audited and allowed, or
shall be by the Government. I accept that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana accept also the suggestion made
by a Senator, " interest paid heretofore by such
State or shall hereafter pay," &c. ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I be
allowed to suggest to the Chair that this
covers it?
Mr. MORTON. The word "heretofore"
would simply make more emphatic the mean-
ing of the sentence. It would not change it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I also sug-
gest another amendment in line fourteen, after
the word "under," to insert "the provisions
of;" so as to read:
And the accounting officers of the Treasury are
hereby required to examine and adjust any and all
claims that may be presented under the provisions
of this aet.
Mr. MORTON. I see no objection to that;
I accept it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest in
jline fifteen to strike out the word " are" and
insert "may be." The sums have not yet
been allowed in full, but they may be. It
will then read:
All claims that may be presented under the pro-
visions of this act, and such sums as may be allowed
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. MORTON. I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Indiana will be modified
as proposed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ Now, Mr.
President, I do not quite concur in the idea
of paying a ten per cent, discount, for it will
operate very unequally. Here is a Stata that
has consented to tax itself from the start and
has maintained its credit at par. Shall that
State be called upon to contribute to pay
to another State which has been laggard in
regard to voting taxes? I think not, clearly.
Then there are losses which might come in
with just the same amount of equity. Take,
for instance, my own State. At the first out-
break of the war the Legislature, being in ses-
sion, voted to pay the volunteers seven dollars
per month, and paid it throughout the entire
war to every soldier that went from Vermont.
Now, why should not the General Government
assume that, as well as the discount ? Cer-
tainly it was for the benefit of the General
Government.
Further than that, my own State also con-
tributed something considerably large for side-
arms for the officers of the various regiments
at the outbreak of the war. That was clearly
for the benefit of the General Government,
but it would not be included here. The same
rule of equity that would pay this discount
would include these claims. I shall there-
fore move, as soon as it is in order, to strike
out from the word "State," in line ten, down
to the word "bonds," in line twelve, these
words:
And the disoount suffered on bonds sold to borrow
such money, not exceeding ten percent., the dis-
count having been necessary in order to sell said
bonds.
I am desirous to perfect the bill, so that it
will be as little objectionable as possible, and
allow it to pass. If that amendment shall be
adopted I shall vote for it; otherwise I shall
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] to the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Moetos.]
Mr. COIiBBTT. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont if his first amendment
would include all moneys expended by the
State governments which happened to be in
their treasury, and also all moneys raised by
levying taxes by the States? Will they receive
iuterest on all those moneys?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment which I offered had no reference to that
point. The amendment introduced by the
Senator from Indiana does not embrace mon-
eys which were raised by taxation or which
happened to be in the treasury of the State.
It only applies, as I understand, to money that
was absolutely borrowed; and that has been
the policy of the Government heretofore in all
such cases.
Mr. OORBETT. It seems to me that if
we wish to mete out exact justice we ought
to put upon the same footing States which had
money in their treasury, and expended that
money for the benefit of the General Govern-
ment, and States which did not have money in
their treasury, but had to borrow it; and we
should provide for paying to those States inter-
est on that money from the time they expended
it, as well as paying interest to States who had
no money and borrowed money. It seems to
me that we are only providing in this bill for
the States which did not have any money in
their treasury, and which did not tax their
people, and thereby keep up their credit. For
the reason that they did not do that we pro-
pose now to pay them the interest that they
paid out, or the discount that they suffered on
money borrowed by them. Certainly it is not
doing justice to the older States, or to the
States which had money in their treasury, to
tax those States to pay interest oil the bonds
of other States which did not have money in
their treasury, and did not raise money by
taxation. It seems to me that here is a case
which must be provided for in this bill if it is
to pass. Certainly it does not seem just that
the discount suffered upon bonds should be
