55 2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
allowed to States who had not credit to obtain
money. If a §taie' has not sufficient credit
to build a railroad it has to sell its bonds at a
discount in the market, and to submit to that
discount. It has, perhaps, other' advantages,
being a new State growing'up. Itspeople have
lands given to them ; it has peculiar advan-
tages. . But other States may obtain money on
their securities without any discount.
Now, sir, it would be injustice to those States
who paid out money which they had in their
treasury, or who raised money on t|ieir bonds
without any discount, now to tax them to pay
the discount suffered by other States which
had no money and which borrowed on their
credit, which was not as good as that of those
States. It seems to me that this must be
provided for. Instead' of providing for pay-
ing interest to States wiiich during the recent
war borrowed money, it should be provided
that interest should be paid to the States which
advanced money. There should be an amend-
ment to cover that point. It will embrace, of
course, a very large amount of money. But
still it is a point which should be covered if
you mean to do exact and equal justice.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, were this
bill amended so as to bring it down to the ori-
ginal proposition I should have little difficulty
in voting for it. It is, first of all, to pay to the
States interest upon the moneys which they
advanced. I know how easy it is to refer to
other cases in which this has beet) done. I
also know that it has been justified and exten-
uated in past instances, because the account
had been allowed to stand; because the Gov-
ernment had not responded promptly to its
obligation. 1 do not rise, however, for the
purpose of assigning any reasons against re-
funding interest to the States, but fo submit
two or three considerations which forbid my
voting lor this amendment, if I understand its
effect.
In the first place, the interest to be paid is
not restricted at all, us 1 understand the eli'ect
of the 'oil!, to sums which have been lefunded
by the United Slates or wlncii the United
Slates ought to refund. The principal for
whieh the United Stales was or is liable is not
the measure of the sum upon which interest,
according to tliis language, is to be allowed to
the States.
Mr. M0HR1LL, of Vermont. Ifthe Sena-
tor will note the amendment introduced by me
and accepted by the Senator from Indiana he
will see that that is now covered.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquired of the Senator
from Indiana what the amendment was, and
he pointed it out to me in the latter part of
the bill. Will the Senator from Vermont be
good enough to indicate the amendment to
"which he refers '!
Mr. MORRILL, of \ennont. On line six,
to insei t alter the words "United States" the
words "for winch the accounts have been or
shall hereafter be audited and allowed by the
Treasury Department of the Government."
Mr. CONKLING. I say nothing, then, about
that. The Senator from Vermont has antici-
pated mej and I agree that that does correct
that difficulty. I proceed \o the second sug-
gestion I was goin^to make.
A double rule of inequality is provided here,
as I understand it. First, the United States,
being treated as a borrower of money and
liable for interest, is not to pay after any fixed
or given rate, but, on the contrary, it, is to pay
to one creditor after one rate of interest and
to pay to another creditor after another rate
of interest. I know nothing which could justify
that except an agieement. If 1 borrow from
the honorable Senator from Indiana $1,000,
agreeing to pay him ten per cent, interest,
and if I borrow the same amount from the
Senator from Oregon, agreeing to pay him only
five per cent., I should, of course, be bound by
the charge of the contract as much in the first
ease as in the lust. That I can understand, I
(}o not understand, however, that the Govern-
ment stands in the attitude of having agreed to
do any such thing. We are acting, if I under-
stand it aright, upon original considerations of
equity. It is an open question. And I submit
that it seems to me that we ought not to allow
to a given State, because its credit was not so
good as another, a measure of interest which
we do not allow to others. But this is the least
of the two inequalities of which I was going to
speak.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
that I think it is equitable that the Government
should pay whatever interest the State was com-
pelled to pay. But I understand further that
no State issued bonds drawing more than six
per cent, interest. One State, I think, issued
bonds possibly drawing five per cent. I am
not sure about that, but I think so. I would
ask the Senator from Massachusetts the amount
of interest the bonds of that State drew. Was
it five or six per cent.?
Mr. WILSON. Five per cent., I think.
Mr. CONKLING. Five and a fraction.
Mr. MORTON. In the acts of Congress I
have referred to—and I believe that is the ease
in all of them that have been passed hereto-
fore—the Government has paid interest at the
rate of six per cent. I think that has been
fixed in all the acts. I left it thus, so that the
Government should not have to pay moie than
the States paid. If Massachusetts got her
money at five per cent, she ought not to have
anv more.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, in the spirit of
the suggestion made by the Senator and of my
own suggestion, I propose to him that there
should be a limit fixed here ; there should be
a maximum fixed. Certainly, for fair appear-
ance on the face of the law, that should be the
case,^ because the face of the law speaks for
itself, and the historical facts which accompany
it do not speak.
Now, if it were true that some States had
borrowed money at an inordinate rate of in-
terest it would not be equitable that we should
pay for that; and for the very obvious reason
that if I go out in the streets here and borrow
money of half a doueu persons, giving a legal
obligation to repay that money with interest,
the right of one as to the measure of interest
he is to demand is just like the light of the
others, albeit he may have been put to expense
to get the money which he loaned me j although
one man of whom I borrowed may have been
a moneyed man who had nothing to do but to
draw his check, and another man may have
been compelled to go around in order to lend
me the money and collect it of those who owed
him. Therefore, I submit that we should say
"not exceeding such a rate," or something
that will guard the bill in that respect.
Mr. MORTON, It the Senator will sav six
per cent. I will accept the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator says that
if I will say six per cent, he will accept it.
Then I make that suggestion. That improves
the bill in that regard.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
that the amendment come in after the word
' money."
Mr. CONKLING.
I suggest the insertion
of the words "not, however, exceeding the
rate of six per cent, per annum."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana accepts the modification.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me that that
improves the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow me to appeal to the
Senator from Indiana to withdraw his assent
to that amendment. I think he is making a
great mistake'. Sixpercent. is entirely too low.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly it is making a
great, mistake in respect to those States that
expect to receive more than they paid.
Mr. IlAMSKi. The States ought to be
allowed whatever amountof interest they were
compelled to pay, even if it was fifiv pereciit.
Mr. CONKLING. I deny that.
Mr. MORTON. I will withdraw my assent
to the amendment and suffer it to be voted upon,
so as to meet the point made by the Senator
from Minnesota awhile ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot, then,
be offered at the present time, as the amend-
ment ofths Senator from Minnesota in regard
to scrip is an amendment to an amendment,
and is now pending. It will be reserved until
after that is disposed of.
Mr. FENTON. 1 desire to ask my colleague
before he takes his seat to refer to the fact
that the most of the States were in account
with the General Government growing out
of the legislation of the extra session of July,
1861,which imposed a direct tax on the States
for the support of the Government during the
period of the war, so that in fact a large sum
was charged over by the General Government
to the States which was concurrent with, if not
prior to, the advances by those States to the
General Government for the purposes indi-
cated and embraced in this amendment. Cer-
tainly, therefore, if interest is allowed to the
States it should only be upon the excess, after
settlement has been made at the Treasury
Department, of the sum that the State advanced
above the amount that was due to the General
Government on account of this direct, lax. I
may as well say at this time that the only way
that the General Government had, I believe,
(for none of the States voluntarily paid this
tax,) ot receiving this sum fiom the several
States was in offsetting or balancing the ac-
counts. 1 know that was the case with the
State of New York, and I am sure it was with
Massachusetts, and I believe Connecticut and
Indiana. In fact, I know it was so with all the
States that were in account with the General
Government.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a most import-
ant suggestion, Mr. President, for which I
think the Senate is indebted t,o my colleague ;
a controlling suggestion bearing upon the point
to which I alluded in beginning, namely, that
; this case is unlike that of stale and neglected
accounts upon which the United States has
been in arrear lor years, where States came
with strong urgency ot equity and said, "So
long have we been kept out of this money, so
long has the General Government been in
default, so great, is the laches here, that we
ought to leceive interest," and, in some cases,
even interest upon interest. The suggestion
of my colleague, I say, is most influential in
distinguishing this case from such cases.
But, sir, let me return a moment to the point
at which 1 was when the Senator from Minne-
sota made a suggestion. He insists now, in
his own language, that the States ought to bu
paid the interest that they paid, if that interest
were fifty per cent. I deny it. I deny thai,
any principle of justice, or any rule of law by
which damages or compensation are awarded
in any tribunal governed by law, will warrant
such a suggestion as that. A common obliga-
tion at the same time rested upon the various
members of the Union. In performing it on,-
made arrangements by which it, was mom
expensive and less convenient to that. State
than it was to another; and when the account
came to be adjusted, the Senator from Minne-
sota says, not that we are to pay the value of
the money as ascertained by law, the laws of
Congress or the laws of trade, but that we :uo
to pay according to the hap hazard accidents
and situations of our creditors.
J-his brings me, Mr. President, to consider
the remaining elementin this bill to which 1 was
going to refer, for now, upon the suggestion of
the Senator from Minnesota, the idea of inter
est and ot discount run together in my mind
in the impropriety they present to us in this
hi"-. Let us look for one moment at this idea
laking the notion of refunding discounts, as,
peihapp, a simpler illustration of it, here is a
government, a corporation, of which we. are
