1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
objections to it. I think the system this bill
proposes to establish cannot work well in all
of the States of this Union, and I presume the
gentleman from Massachusetts does not desire
to have the operation of this bill upon the
subject of education forced by congressional
enactment into any State where a system has
already been established. In my own State
of Virginia we have iu course of successful
operation, in many of the counties, a system
cf public instruction adapted to the condition
ot'our people, and which is giving satisfaction
to men of all parties and of all classes. It is
with us a consideration above that of mere
party ; s>nd before I close my remarks I shall
submit to the House, to go into the Globe,
extracts from some of the papers in my con-
cessional district which will bear oat the
assertion I make.
This bill, sir, proposes that the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, shall appoint in each State a superintend-
ent of national schools, who shall receive
a salary, &c. The second section proposes
that each State shall be divided into districts
according to congressional representation.
It provides that each State division shall be
divided by the State superintendent into school
districts of convenient size. It also provides
that the Secretary of the Interior shall appoint
some suitable person to be local superin-
tendent. This is a fatal objection with me
to the whole bill, if there were not others. It
removes the responsibility of the superin-
tendents to the people most interested, and it
places the appointment of the superintendents
in the hands of the Secretary of the Interior,
who, in the very nature of the case, must rely
in making these appointments upon inform-
ation which he may derive from others.
Now, sir, this bill, if it is not intended to
operate only in States which have not pro-
vided suitable systems of free schools, will
certainly interfere with the systems already
established. I presume the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not expect his bill, if it
passes, will go into practical operation in his
own State. We have in Virginia free schools
established in every part of the Common-
wealth, which are as well adapted to our cir-
cumstances as the present system of Massa-
chusetts is to her people. In my own county,
which is composed of about equal proportions
of white and colored citizens, we have in every
township and in every neighborhood schools
now in successful operation under a system
provided by the Legislature under our State
constitution. We are better judges of the
system adapted to our wants than any other
.nen outside of the State possibly can be. Our
otate unfortunately, to a greater extent than
Hiiy other, was the battle-ground and grave-
yard of the late war. We are overburdened
with taxes, national, State, and county, and
in the present impoverished condition of our
section our own people are better judges of
the system adapted to our wants and circum-
stances. I very recently received a letter from
one of my constituents stating that there was
in successful operation in my own township
three colored schools, which have been lately
established. I can refer to the town of Dan-
ville, in my distrist. I beg leave to read an
extract from one of the papers published
there—the Times :
"The colored school, under the management of
Rev. Mr. Jones, aided by a corps of competent
teachers, numbers about four hundred scholars, anu
1hq white school, under the management of J. B.
Lowry, esq., numbers sixty at present, with a con-
btis.nt increase."
This, sir, in a town of less than five thou-
sand inhabitants; and is, I think, as good a
showii g for the interest which the ppople take
in the success of colored schools as could be
made by any town of the same size in the
United States. And how is it in the county
of Mecklenburg, another county in my dis-
trict, which contains a colored voting popula-
tion of about fifteen hundred majority over
the whites ? The following is an extract from
a paper published in the principal town in the
county—the Roanoke Valley :
"The school trustees for Boydton township held a
meeting and completed the work of locating the
public schools for this township, and the appoint-
ment of teachers to them. Four schools were lo-
cated with one teacher to each. The school located
at Boydton is intended for colored scholars only, and
we understand that the colored girl who received
the appointment stood an unexceptionable exam-
ination before the board of trustees."
Now, sir, what I have said of my own coun-
ty and of the county of Mecklenburg, which I
believe contains the largest colored popula-
tion of any county in my district in proportion
to the white, or 1 may say of any county in the
State of Virginia, may be said with truth as to
every other county in the State from which I
have received information. Therefore, sir,
so far as my State at least is conoerned, I can
satisfy the gentleman from Massachusetts and
the country that our people are alive to the
importance of education, and that they intend
to carry out what their State constitution re-
quires them to do in good faith. I will say
furthermore, that our constitution gave the
Legislature until the year 1875 to perfect a sys-
tem of common-school education. The mem-
bers of the constitutional convention well knew
the difficulties existing in our State in regard
to carrying out and perfecting, directly and at
once, such a system of education as the inter-
ests of the country would require.
The Legislature of Virginia has now nearly
perfected a system which has given satisfaction
to the great masses of her people, without
regard to "color, race, or previous condition
of servitude." If there are any persons dis-
satisfied with the present 'condition of tilings
there in regard to education, it comes from
those who are determined not to be satisfied
with anything under any circumstances.
I will state, too, Mr. Speaker, for the edifi-
cation of those who may believe that " noth-
ing good can come out of Nazareth" from
the Democratic or Conservative party, that
the same Legislature has donated one half of
the land scrip recently given by Congress to the
States for educational purposes to the Hampton
Institute, a college exclusively for the colored
people.
And what has been said of Virginia I pre-
sume may be said with equal truth of nearly
all of the States that have been reconstructed.
All of the slave States, with the exception of
Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, and Tennes-
see, have been through a course of congres-
sional reconstruction. All of these States
were reconstructed and organized under the
very eye of Congress itself. The constitution
of every one of them, before it was accepted,
was inspected by Congress, and all of its pro-
visions carefully analyzed and examined be-
fore the State was admitted to her rights
again in the Union. And I presume as the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
was, 1 believe, in the House during the whole
period of reconstruction, that he certainly
would not have suffered any State to have
come into the Union, unless it had made
ample provision for the education of its citi-
zens, without having raised his eloquent voice
agaiust it. I take it for granted that what
is incorporated in the constitution of every
State will be carried out in good faith by the
Legislature, which has been called upon to
put into practical operation the provisions of
such constitution.
I desire, sir, to have printed with my remarks
an editorial from a newspaper published at
Clarksville, Mecklenburg county, Virginia,
which I shall not detain the House by having
read from the desk, as expressing what I hon-
estly believe to be the true sentiments of a
large majority of the intelligent and thinking
citizens, not only of Virginia, but of the entire
South, on the subject of educating the colored
people.
There was no objection. The article is as
follows:
"The Colored Race.—One of the most important
questions which offer themselves for tbe consider-
ation of the southern people is the que-tion as to tho
future of the colored race. It is a question worthy
of our most serious examination, and it is useless to
disguisethe fact that we must bear with them in their
ignorance and do what we can to educate and ele-
vate them, or cut ourselves loose from them, intro-
duce and employ labor, and compel them to seek
their living elsewhere.
" In our opinion a great mistake was made by mmy
persons in their treatment from the time the war
ended. Personally,our favorite theory and practice
werethat if we would live in peace with them we must
control them with kindness; that if we would have
themgoodcitizens— as the Constitution of the United
States makes them citizens, jurymen, and voter.--—,ve
should commence to educate them at once. ' Igno-
rance is the parent of viee' was a copy o'n which we
exercised our boyish pen when we were learning to
make the hieroglyphics which we dignify with the
name of writiDg; experience has taught us the truth
of the saying, and we find the stubborn, disorderly,
and vicious negroes, of whom at least three fourths
of the convicts in the penitentiary are composed, are
not those who have been educated, but the ignorant
who scarcely know the difference between right and
wrong. As a general rule those colored persons who
have had no advantages of education since their
emancipation have degenerated in the scale of hu-
manity since they became free; when they were
slaves they were under restraint, and if their pro-
pensities were eviltheydid not dare to carry them
out. With them liberty is but another name for
license, and having no moral sense to restrain them,
they give free course to their evil promptings and
become criminal.
"The criminal records of the county since the war
show a fearful state of things; the police reports are
full of the misdoings of the race, and it presents a
spectacle which we should try to remedy.
"We do not wish to be egotistical, but would srate
that our practice has consisted with our theory. A-
soon as the war ended we gave the colored people a
house on our place for a school-house and helped
them secure a teacher, secured a lot, (a free gilt from
a friend.) and had them a church built, Cfurwhi'di
we collected the money,) furnished part of the timuei,
made all the contracts, and paid tue entile co>t be-
fore we left North Carolina. We took charge of their
Sunday school, and endeavored by all means 111 our
power to instill into them a love of virtue and a
hatred of vice. Some of our neighbors were im lined
to ostracize us; we told them that we were not
ambitious to be a martyr, but we were doin^ what
we conceived to be our duty, and we should not bo
diverted from it by any man or set of men. They saw
that we were at least consistent, for wo were soon
after unanimously elected first vice president of tbe
Seymour and Blair elub, and took the stump in sup-
port of Democratic principles, not as a politician,
but as a sincere and earnest opponent of Radicalism
under every guise.
"Our readers will please excuse us for saying so
much in regard to ourself, but we do it to explain
fully our position. We still hold to tne principles
we then defended, and believe the only way iu wtiieh
we can secure the blessings of peace, of prospeiity
in oar land, and a better class ot labor, is to advance
by eveiy means in our power the education and ele-
vation of the colored race.
" The northern peoplearoinelined tobeeensorious
in this matter, but they must remember that they
have done le ~ uf their duty than we lia\e of ours.
This is true missionary ground. The war roboed us
of nearly ail we possessed; the conquerors passed
through our land, milking boasts of having burned a
thousand barns in one locality, leaving desolation
and ruin ail through the South, and wo were not
able, as a general rule, to educate our own children,
or support preaching in our own pulpits, much less
provide for the spiritual and secular instruction of
those aronnu us, who are as ignorant as heathen.
Let those who have fattened on our spoilssend their
teachers here; not politicians, who think the spirit
of religion is to teach one race to hate tho other, but
sincere, earnest Ctiristian men, who seek only tho
good of their fellow-men. ,
"If some meansi  not inaugurated to work muen
taster than wo have been doing in the direction to
which we point, it will be years before we will : 1,
peaceful, quiet, and prosperous state of things. Wo
are glad to say that there arc thousands of good men
in all parts ot tho South who agree with and have
agreed with us ever since tho war; who with us have
used their personal efforts to mu-li forward tho cause
of education for the colored race, but tho means for
extended efforts are wanting, and we see the cause
languishing.
" We would impress upon tho colored race the
importance of using every advantage that may be
oifcicd them of improving their minds; we know
those advantages are not great, but a good use of
what they have will do much, toward leading them
in the right way. We think it the duty of our own
race to encourage them in their efforts, and to give
them aid whenever in their power."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to print some remarks
011 the pending bill. [See Appendix.]
And'then, on motion of Mr. HOAR, (at
nine o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
