1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of the
heirs of John S. Nicholas, late of the United
States Navy, for relief.
By Mr. BECK: A memorial of a large
number of citizens of Lexington and Fayette
county, Kentuby, praying Congress to pass
the bill for the construction of the Cincinnati
Southern railroad through Kentucky.
By Mr. BOLES: The petition of Perrie
Elaine, a native of France, asking payment
for property taken by the Army, in the year
1863, in Franklin county, Arkansas.
By Mr. BROOKS, of' New York: A memo-
rial and petition of Henry R. David and 400
others, citizens of New York, engaged in the
manufacture of bags, praying Congress to
reform the tariff so that the duty on bags
shall he twenty per cent, greater than the
duty on the raw material.
^ By Mr. COWLES: The petition of Anna D.
Freeland, for a pension.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of Haas &
Powell, asking remission of taxes on high-
wines destroyed by fire.
Also, the petition of D, C. Farrell, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of Speir & Sparks, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Mary J.
Reese, widow of Major Chauncey B. Reese,
for a pension.
By Mr. LOUGHRfDGE: A petition of
1,000 women, citizens of Pennsylvania and
Rhode Island, asking for the passage of an
act by Congress to declare the right of women
citizens to vote under the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee: A petition
of 25 business houses of Memphis, Tennessee,
asking that manufactured tobacco, snuff,*and
cigars having paid the internal revenue tax as
manufactured goods, ought, including leaf to-
bacco, to be treated as general merchandise
and not to be subject to a tax on sales.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of James
M. Smith, of Barton county, Georgia, for the
removal of legal and political disabilities.
N OTIC IS OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a biil was given under the rule :
By Mr. HAMILTON": A bill to remove
the political disabilities of certain persons in
Florida.
IN SENATE.
saturday, February 18; 1871.
Prayer by Rev. j. e. Kixg, D. D., of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
EXhCUTlVE C0MMUNICATFON3.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in reponse to a resolution of
the Senate of the 15th instant, a copy of the
instructions to the commander of the ship
Tennessee on her present cruise, and also the
names of the United States ships in the waters
of the island of St. Dumingo since the com-
mencement of the recent negotiation with
Dominica; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also presented a letter of the Secretary
of War, transmitting a communication from
Joseph Kicherson, complaining that he has
been driven from his home in Kentucky by the
so-called Kuklux Kiun ; which was referred
to the select commiltee on alleged outrages
in southern States, and ordered to be printed.
petition'S and memorials.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a concurrent res*
olutioo of the Legislature of Missouri, asking
that a pension may be allowed to the surviv-
ing soldiers of the war of 1812, and also to
the widows of such as are deceased 5 which
was ordered to lie on the table, a bill on that
subject having passed the Senate.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, members of an
association called the Pennsylvania Military
Legion of the city of Philadelphia, praying
Congress to donate to them twelve condemned
cannon, for the purpose of erecting a suitable
nionument over the burial ground of some of
its deceased members; which was ordered to
lie on the table, the subject of the granting
qf condemned cannon having already been
reported upon.
Mr. BLAIR presented a petition of certain
manufacturers of St. Louis, in favor of con-
tinuing the publication of the Patent Office
report; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of "Wil-
liam Gibson, praying compensation for com"
raissary stores taken for the use of the Army
during the late war ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Daniel
Christian, praying to be rewarded for informa-
tion furnished which caused the arrest of two
persons who had robbed the custom-house
in Richmond, Virgin^, in 1858; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, asking the
Congress of the United States to make an
appropriation for the completion of the har-
bor at the mouth of the Ontonagon river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented the following
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of
Kansas:
Whereas there is now lying in the State of Kan-
sas a large body of land known as the Kaw Indian
reservation, and which, owing to its great lertiiity
of soil, is of great importance to the agricultural
interest of Kansas; and whereas said lands are now
occupied by the Kaw Indians, who derive no benefit
from the land except as a place to stay and as these
Indians will neither improve nor cultivate these
lands, and as their occupying prevents others from
doing it. thereby keeping trom the settler and pioneer
the privilege of settling near to market and railroad
communication, to their detriment and the detri-
ment of tbe State, without any advantage to the
Indian, who would be just as well cared lor by the
General Government in the Indian territory: There-
fore, <
Be it revolved by the House of Ji^presentatives of the
State of Kansas, (the Senate concurring,) That our
Senators in Congress be instructed, and our Repre-
sentatives requested, to secure such action by the
Congress of the United States as may be necessary
to extinguish the title of the Indian to said lands
and enable the actual settler to take possession
thereof and to purchase the same at fair and rea-
sonable rat^s. Further, that the secretary of State
is hereby authorized to send one copy to each of our
United States Senators, and one copy "to our Repre-
sentative in Congress.
Adopted by the House Fobrunrv 6, 1871.
ALEX- R. BANKS,
Chief Clerk Home of Jiepiesentatives.
Concurred in by the Senate February 8, 1^71.
gbo. c. cho wtujer.
Secretary of Senate.
I, W. II. Smallwood, secretary State of Kansas,
do hereby certiiy that the foregoing is a true and
correct copy of the original resolution now on file in
my office.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set ray hand
Tt a i a"d caused to be affixed the great seal of the
LL' SJ State.
Done at Topeka, this 10fh day of February, A. D.
1871. W. H. SMALLWOOD,
Secretary of State.
The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
IIENRY Wit MI AH".
Mr. HOWE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. It. No. 2oG6) for the reiiff of Henry
Willuian, late a private in the third regiment
Indiana cavalry, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage.
I move that that bill be put
Mr. PRATT.
on its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. PRATT. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice to the Sen-
ate that I wish to call up the bill in regard to
the bridge across the Ohio river during the
morning hour, and I hope I shall be allowed
sufficient time in the morning hour to call it
up and have it acted upon.
Mr. HOWE. This is a bill only to pay a
soldier for a couple of horses lost during the
war.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to j)ayto Henry Willman, late a pri-
vate in the third regiment of Indiana volunteer
cavalry, the sum of $200, being the value of
two horses and equipments owned by him and
lost in battle in Virginia during the late war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BRIDGES OVER MISSISSIPPI AND MISSOURI.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3033) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the- Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State, have directed me to report it back with
amendments, and recommend its passage.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. schdrz]
desires to have the bill considered now.
Mr. SCHURZ. I hope there will be no
objection to acting upon that bill now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
Louisiana and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation existing under the laws of
the State of Missouri, to construct and main-
tain a bridge over the Mississippi river at the
city of Louisiana, in the State of Missouri.
The bridge is to he a lawful structure, and to
be recognized and known as a post route, upon
which no higher charge is to be made for the
transmission of the mails, the troops, and the
muuitions of war of the United Stales than the
rate per mile paid for the transportation over
the railroad or public highways leading to the
bridge, and is to enjoy the rights and privi-
leges of other post roads in the United States.
If the bridge shall be made witb unbroken and
continuous spans, it is not to be of less eleva-
tion in any case than fifty feet above high-
watermark, as understood at the point of loca-
tion, to the bottom chord of the bridge; nor
are the spans of the bridge over the main chan-
nel of the river to be less than three hundred
and fifty feet in length, and the piers of the
bridge are to be parallel with the current of
the river; but if it shall be constructed as a
draw-bridge, the draw or pivot is to be over the
main channel of the river at an accessible navi-
gable point, and the spans not less than two
hundred feet in length in the clear, and the
piers of the bridge are to be parallel with the
current of the river, and the spans are not to
be less than ten feet above high-water mark to
the bottom chord of the bridge; and the draw
is to be opened promptly, upon reasonable
signal, for the passing of boats. The right to
alter or amend the act so as to prevent or re-
move all material obstructions to the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river by the construction
of bridges is expressly reserved. When the
bridge shall be constructed, all trains of all
roads terminating at or opposite this point are
to be allowed to cross the bridge for reason-
able compensation, to be made to the owners
of the bridge. The bill also authorizes the con-
struction of a bridge over the Missouri river at
or within three miles of the town of Glasgow,
in Howard county, Missouri, by the Louisiana
and Missouri River Railroad Company, ou the
