Tfetffi' -OON€rHBSSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
now by this amendment only putting the sur-
veying in Kansas exactly where it was before.
I hope that amendment will bo agreed to;
and if it is, then I shall move to put Nebraska
where Kansas is, as it is said there is no
ground for this distinction.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas insist on a division on the amend-
ment?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole will
be regarded as concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if there be no
objection, I will move to place the Nebraska
provision, 011 page 21, line four hundred and
ninety-nine, on exactly the same footing; that
is to say, ten dollars per lineal mile for stand-
ard lines, as it is in the bill, and six dollars
for township, and five dollars for section lines,
instead of seven dollars for township and six
dollars for section lines, as it now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next reserved amendment was on page
24, after line five hundred and seventy, to in-
sert the following clause:
And all the surveys of public lands as aforesaid
shall be lot. upon public advertisement for thirty
days in some newspaper in and for each State or
Territory, respectively, in which such surveys are to
he made, inviting proposals, to the lowest competent
and responsible bidder, being a practical surveyor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I appeal to the Senate
to non-concur in that amendment. It is alto-
gether unprecedented, wholly impracticable,
and will be utterly destructive, in my judg-
ment, of our system of surveys. I will not
proceed in detail to state my reasons against
it, unless I find that the Senate are inclined to
concur in the amendment.
Now, these surveys are made under the
direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in the first place, and the sur-
veyor general does not know what sort of
advertisements to make, because he is all the
time expending this money according to the
direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land OlHce. Then the surveyors are mere
deputies appointed by the surveyor general,
who is responsible lor the correctness of the
surveys. You might as well require the Com-
missioner of the General Land Oliice to adver-
tise for his clerks and his deputies as to com-
pel the surveyor general, who is responsible
for the correctness of the surveys, to advertise
for surveyors. When this advertisement js
published all soits of men will bid. There
will be that same sort of proceeding that there
is when bids are put in for mail contracts.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law fixes the price.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The law fixes the price
at whioh the surveys shall be made. There
is no reason in the world for this amendment;
and I am confident, from what I know of the
public surveys, that it would be exceedingly
injurious in all respects. Our titles in the new
States depend upon the corrections of these
surveys, and if unskillful men are employed
and the surveys are imperfect or irregular
they involve the whole country in litigation;
and therefore it is necessary that the surveyor
general should have the right to select good
and competent men. Under this amendment,
if an incompetent man puts in a bid at a price
for which the work cannot be performed, and
another man bids at a higher price, you will
put the surveyor general in the predicament
of giving the contract to the man who bids the
highest price; and then a clamor will be raised
all over the country thaS he is giving the con-
tract to some of his favorites and has not taken
the lowest bidder. The surveyor general ought
not to bo put in that position.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is just
possible that this is a disagreeable amendment.
An ill-natured man would say that it would
turn from the Treasury, or at least, make them
go in on more moderate terms, a lot of gentle-
men who go around sometimes attending^ to
politics, and who are always on the winning
side, no matter which side is in. What is this
proposition? It is a proposition to survey the
public lands of the United States as the Com-
missioner of the General Laud Office shall
direct. If he wants twenty townships, or forty
townships, or one township surveyed, he sends
orders to the surveyor general to have it sur-
veyed. Now, what would a surveyor general
do, if he was an honest man, as they all are
of course, without any law at all? What would
he feel it to be his duty to do? First, only to
select a competent, practical, skillful surveyor
to do the business. That must be taken for
granted to begin with. What next? Suppose
there were two of that character, equally com-
petent, equally skillful, equally honest, equally
Republican or Democratic, as the case might
be,"and one of them offered to survey a town-
ship for $1,000 less than the other; which
ought he to take? My friend would say the
lower one, I take it; that, other things being
equal, he ought to secure the greatest amount
of public service for the least money.
Now, what is an advertisement? It is merely
a notification to that class of people who are
authorized to bid at all, and that is, first, com-
petent men ; second, responsible men; third,
men who are practical surveyors. It ia true
the law does not say they shall be Repub-
licans ; it does not say they shall be Demo-
crats; it does not say they shall be Mormons,
or Catholics, or Episcopalians, or Congrega-
tionalists; they shall be men, ordinarily Amer-
ican citizens, though that would not be indis-
pensable, because it is a mere matter of work
to be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be a woman.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois
puts in a word for the women, as he always
does. Anybody who is a practical surveyor,
who is responsible, and who is competent.
Those three things are left to the judgment of
the Land Office and surveyor general; so that
we only require by this provision, you may dis-
guise it as much as you like, that among that
class of persons who are surveyors, who are
skillful, and who are competent and responsible,
that man shall be allowed to do the work who
will do it for the least money. Any gentleman
who can oppose that, certainly surprises me in
his fidelity to the interests of the surveyors
and in his forgetfulness (if I may be pardoned
for using such a term) of the interests of the
Treasury.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Vermont
has undoubtedly satisfied himself of the pro-
priety of this amendment; but it is barely pos-
sible that he may have made a mistake in his
zeal to promote the interests of the Govern-
ment and economy. Now, sir, if you wanted
to open the way for favoritism on the part of
the surveyor general you do it by this very
amendment. You relieve him of all responsi-
bility in this matter, because he falls back on
this law and says, "Here I am obliged to let
these contracts to the lowest bidder ;" and then,
as the Senator from Oregon says, he withholds
the work from the lowest bidder on the ground
that he is not a surveyor, and then he is charged
with favoritism. So that this amendment in
reality would give rise to that very kind of
favoritism which the Senator from Vermont
condemns. There has been no more injurious
proposition made at this session of Congress
than this very one. It will lead to more confu-
sion than Senators can conceive of. I appeal
to Senators to vote it down.
Mr. STEWART. The theory of this thing
from the beginning has been to fix what was a
reasonable price for surveying, and then allow
the surveyor general to get the best talent he
could to do the work. Now, if you are going
to bid on the question of price, if you have not
got that regulated right, you may as well aban-
don your surveys. It was suggested to me a
moment ago that wo advertise for building
steam-engines ; that we advertise for this, that,
and the other; but you can tell when you have
got a steam-engine, while if thos^surveya are
notright you cannot tell without sending some-
body out in the field to go over the work again,
and it will cost as much as the original survey
to ascertain if it is right.
The theory has been, not to let out this sur-
veying to Tom, Dick, and Harry by contract,
but to fix a price for the work, and then hold
the surveyor general responsible for getting
good men"to do it. ..If you have got the price
too high, put it lower; but do not let out this
work to every man to bid. Every man that I
know in the western country pretty much thinks
he is a surveyor. There was one old man who
used to survey with a string, and a neighbor of
mine used to call it "stringeratios." [Laugh-
ter.] Every man has some way of surveying;
some survey with a triangle ; some one way,
some another.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. 1 am not going to be cut
off. I should have been through if you had
not said " Mr. President " then. I say there
are so many incompetent persons who profess
to be able to do this work, that from the be-
ginning of the Government the other theory
has been adopted, to fix a price for the work
and then give the surveyor general an oppor-
tunity to get the right men to do it. If the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
has got the price too high, let him cut it down.
Mr. WILLIAMS. He has cut it down.
Mr. STEWART. Then it is all right as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, to insert this para-
graph in the bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in;
there being, on a division—ayes 15, noes 80.
The next reserved amendment was on page
31, after line seven hundred and thirty-three,
to insert "for improvement of circle at the ■
intersection of Massachusetts and Vermont
avenues, $2,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds re-
ported this amendment, and referred it to the
Committee on Appropriations. They have
inserted $2,000 instead of $6,000. It should
be $0,000, and I move to strike out "two"
and insert " six."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
42, line ten hundred and seven', to strike out
the following clause:
]?or building landing-wharves, dredging and fill-
ing in, commencing quay-walls, store-houses, car-
penters' shop, joiners' sliop, smiths' shop, machine
shop, offices, steam-engines, scows, boats, derricks,
and machinery and tools of all kinds a.t Leayue
Island, $200,000.
Mr. SCOTT. It will be remembered that tliis
is the amendment which the Senate refused to
strike out on the Navy appropriation bill, and
afterward did strike out when connected with
another amendment, and upon the statement
that it was upon this appropriation bill. I hope
now that it will not be stricken out.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out this paragraph.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 28.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iaskforthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time ; but if we are to enter, in this condition
of the Treasury and of the country, upon an
entirely new work,which may be perfectly right
and proper three years hence or five years
hence or one year hence, I must express my
astonishment and surprise. There is no pres-
ent necessity for any such thing ; and in Saying
that I do not go into the question of whether
we are to have a navy-yatd at League Island
