1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
same terms and subject to the same restrictions
contained in the act fur the construction of the
bridge at Louisiana, Missouri.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section three,
line one, to strike out the word " if," and in
line two to strike out the word "it," before
the word "shall," and insert the word "and;"
so as to read:
That the said bridge shall be made with unbroken
and continuous spans, and shall not be of less eleva-
tion in any case than fifty teet above high-water
mark, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all
of the fifth section of the bill after the word
" that" in the firstliiie, in the following words:
When said bridge shall be constructed, all trains
of all roads terminating at or opposite said point
shall bo allowed to cross said bridge for reasonable
compensation, to bo made to the owners of said
bridge.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
All railway companies desiring to use the said
bridge shall have, and be entitled to, equal rights
and privileges in the passage of the same and in the
use of the machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all
approaches thereto, under and upon such terms and
conditions as shall be prescribed by the district
court of the United States for the district m whieii
such bridge is situated, upon hearing the allega-
tions and proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
The amendment wag agreeed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not got this bill
in charge, but I never noticed these amend-
ments before. Are they reported from the
committee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are reported
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. POMEROY. I see that by the amend-
ments this has been made into a bridge of
continuous spans without a draw, and yet you
provide by the amendment just adopted that
the machinery and engiues which are used for
turning the table, shall be under such and
such control, when in fact there is to be none.
Mr. SCHURZ. The bill provides for two
bridges, one across the Mississippi, to be a
draw-bridge, and one across the Missouri,
which is to be a continuous-span bridge, and
this amendment refers to the bridge across
the Missouri.
Mr. POMEROY. If there are two bridges
then I can understand the amendment; but I
thought there was but one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill pro-
vides for two bridges. _ ....
The next, amendment was in section six, line
two, to strike out "three" and insertsix
so as to read :
That a bridge may be constructed over the Mis-
poui'i river at or within six miles oi the town 01
Glasgow. &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six,
lines five, six, and seven, to strike oat the
words '' ou the same terms and subject to the
same restrictions as contained in this act for
the construction of the bridge at Louisiana,
Missouri," and in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided, That the said bridge shall be made with
unbrokon and continuous spans, and shall not be oi
less elevation in any ease than fifty feet above high-
water mark, as understood at the point of location,
to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall the span
of said bridge over the main channel of said river
be less than three hundred feet in length; and the
piers of said bridge shall be parallel with the current
Of the river, and shall be subject to the same terms
and restrictions as contained na this act for the con-
struction of the bridge at Louisiana, Missouri,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, this amendment will be regarded as
agreedto. , , , . .
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not object to it,
but I wish to call the attention of the Senator
from Missouri to the fact that if .he provides
that the bridge shall be fifty feet above high-
water mark he will be sure to get it so that
they cannot get on or oft".
Mr. SCHURZ. That is what tU« company
ask for, and I should think if they are satis-
fied there can be no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. "5fou can get off on one
side where the bluff is, but how are you going
to raise it fifty feet on the other side ?
Mr. BLAIR. There is a bluff on both sides
of the river where they propose to make this
bridge.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not_ object if the
Senators from Missouri think it is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed
and the bill be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1002) to establish a circuit court of the
United States at Montgomery, in the State of
Alabama, and to take away the circuit court
jurisdiction from the district court of the mid-
dle district of said State, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of members of the bar
of Alabama, praying for the removal of circuit
court jurisdiction from the district court of
that State, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 1582.
Mr. WILSON. I have a report to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to take up a bill as this time,
as reports are now in order.
Mr. RICE. Then I give notice that I will
make this motion at the close of the morning
business.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 1355) to
authorize the promulgation of' the general reg-
ulations for the government of the Army,
and for other purposes; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred numerous
petitions and memorials in favor ot and against
an amendment to the Constitution extending
the right of suffrage to females, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred numerous petitions, graying for
an amendment to the Constitution ot the
United States which shall recognize the obli-
gations of the Christian religion, asked to be
discharged from their farther consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 2)^to amend an
act regulating the tenure of eertain civil offices,
and for other purposes, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
by a resolution of the Senate instructed to
inquire into the power of the Government to
protect-citiaens residing within the States, and
into the constitutionality and expediency of
establishing a national police force, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill(H. R. No. 1764) relating
to the effect of writs of error to the Supreme
Court of the United States, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (3. No. 1002) to amend
the judiciary act of if89, reported adversely
thereon; and moved its indefinite postpone-
merit; which was agreed to.
He'alsOj from the same committee) to whom
was referred a petition of importers, mer-
chants, and others, of New York, praying for
an amendment of the act of March 2, 1867, so
as to require that no seizure or search-warrant
shall be issued except on complaint of the
collector of the district where fraud is said^to
have been committed, reported a bill (S. No.
1854) to require the assent of collectors to
warrants of seizure in certain cases; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom were referred the bill (S_. No. 1098)
to establish a western judicial district of North
Carolina; the bill (H. R. No. 915) to regulate
the mode of determining the ratification of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, proposed by Congress, and for other
purposes; and the bill (S. No. 1139) in rela-
tion to the office of attorney of the United
States for the district of Louisiana, have in-
structed me to report them all back adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection these bills will be indefinitely post-
ponf-d.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish one of those
bills to go npon the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
Mr. CARPENTER. The bill to which I
refer is House bill No. 915.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
renort of the committee.
Mr. KELLOGG. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Illinois to report adversely on a bill
with reference to the district attorney of Louis-
iana
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; one of the
bills just reported was a bill in reference to
the attorney for the district of Louisiana, and
the committee reported it back adversely. I
will state in reference to that bill, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Louisiana, that
on applving at the Attorney General's Office
we were informed that the district attorney
for the district of Louisiana has not made a
report of the amount of fees he has received
under the law, and until he complies with the
law in that respect and we cau know what
his receipts are we do not deem it appropriate
to provide for paying him any additional com-
pensation.  
Mr. POOL. I prefer that the bill provid-
ing for an additional judicial district in
North Carolina should not be indefinitely
postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill will
be placed upon the Calendar with the ad-
verse report of the committee, if th©' Senator
dfisirss. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
any of them going on the Calendar where it is
desired bv a Senator.
Mr. POOL. Let that bill go on the Cal-
endar. , -■
The VICE PRESIDENT; It will be placed
upon the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of .the State
of Oregon, asking for a change in the bound-
aries of the State to conform to the consti-
tution of the State, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same .committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1207) prescribing
tie oath to be taken by all grand jurors m tile
courts of the United States, and by petit jurors
in certain eases, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. In o. 2920) to amend
the act entitled " Au act defining additional
causes of challenge and prescribiu * art addi-
tional oath for grand ard petit juro.rSsii flje
United States courts," approved 17,
1862, reported adversely thereon, 8#d moved it*
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
