ib 7
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
caie. under the corporate seal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recorded in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency; and thereupon
such change of location shall be effected, and
the operations of discount and deposit of said
bank shall be carried on under the nama of the
Franklin National Bank, in the town of Frank-
lin, Norfolk county, State of Massachusetts.
The second section provides that nothing in the
act contained shall be so construed as in any
manner to release the said bank from any liabil-
ity or affect any action or proceeding in law in
which the said bank may be a party or inter-
ested. And when such change shall have been
determined upon as aforesaid, notice thereof
and of such change shall be published in at
least two weekly newspapers in the aforesaid
county of Worcester for not less than lour
successive weeks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
whether that is exactly in the form of the bill
changing the location of a national bank which
we passed a few days ago ?
Mr. HOAR. It is exactly in the form of all
the bills for that purpose which we have passed
during this Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And is it
introduced with the consent of all parties
interested?
Mr. HOAR. It is.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote by
•which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
intbk2jal tax bill amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. TheCom-
mitteeof Ways and Means have instructed me
to report a joint resolution, and to have it put
upon its passage. I think no one will object
to it.
The joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 460) declar-
atory of the meaning of the twenty-sixth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
July 14, 1870, was received, and read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that all foreign merchandise which arrived at
a port of the United States on the 31st day of
December, 1870, and was not entered or trans-
ferred to a public store or bonded warehouse
on that day, shall be entitled to the benefits
of the twenty-sixth section of an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870, the same
as such merchandise would have been entitled
to had it actually been in a public store or
bonded warehouse prior to the 31st day of
December, 1870, provided the owner of such
merchandise shall, within thirty days from the
passage of the resolution, make application
therefor in writing to the collector of the port
at which such merchandise arrived.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will say
one word in explanation of this resolution.
The Secretary of the Treasury requests that
it may be passed to meet the case of vessels
that arrived after custom-house hours on the
31st of December, but previous to the 1st of
January.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have no objection to the
passage of this resolution ; I think it is right.
I simply wish to call attention to the fact that
this is the second time this session that we have
been called upon to amend the act of last ses-
sion for the reduction of internal taxes and
for other purposes, and I do it for the reason
that some of us on this side of the House, and
perhaps upon both sides, were censured by
the public press, were censured by the Repub-
lican campaign committee, and censured by the
press and by Republican speakers during the
late campaign for not having voted for that bill
reducing taxes. We gave as an excuse for not
having voted for it that no opportunity was
afforded for discussion upon it that we were
not allowed to vote upon its details, but were
required to vote for them altogether, under the
spur of the previous question ; that we knew
there were many items in the bill obnoxious to
us ; that the whole bill was crudely and hastily
prepared and hastily passed; and therefore, out
of abundance of caution, we took the respons-
ibility—I certainly did for one—of voting
against the bill.
I simply want now to call attention to the
fact that the bill itself has not reduced taxa-
tion as much as its friends claimed that it
would, and, in the next place, that this is the
second effort during the present session to
amend that law, showing that the objections
which we made to it on account of its crude-
ness were well founded.
I repeat that I think this joint resolution
ought to pass, but it was only fair that I
should call the attention of the country to
the fact that the bill which it proposes to
amend has not answered the expectations of
its friends.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe the
gentleman was a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means when that bill was per-
fected last year. It was a long time discussed
in the House, and I believe the gentleman
never made any allusion to this defect until
this morning.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was not a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means when that
bill was reported. I was a member of that
committee during the Fortieth Congress, but
during the Forty-First Congress 1 have been a
member of the Committee on Appropriations
all the time. To be sure, the question of the
tariff aud taxation was discussed during the
Fortieth Congress, but I had nothing to do
with the preparation of this bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I must
admit that there is some truth in the remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana, and I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera- j
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
thiid time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed;. and also movud that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconsideration.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the
several votes by which the bills, &o., had been
referred and recommitted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
TRANSPORTATION Of CATTLE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being demanded, the morning hour com-
mences at fourteen minutes to one o'clock,
and the House resumes the consideration of
the bill reported by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Wilson] from the Committee on Agri-
culture—the bill (H. R. No. 2018) to prevent
cruelty to animals while in transit by railroads
or other means of transportation within the
United States. The pending question is on
the demand of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Wilson] for the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill.
The question was put on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 71, noes 40; no quorum voting. ^
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wilson, of
Ohio, and Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 94, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SWANN. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 57, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood. Axtell, Bailey, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Berhune, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Booker, Bowen, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Butiinton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin P. Butler, Cessna, William T. Clark, Amasa.
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cowles, Cul-
loin, Darnill, Dawes, Degeuer, Dickey, Dockery,
Donley, Eta, i'erriss, Fiukelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,
Gal-held, Hamilton, Hawtey, Ik.y, lleflin, 11 n;ir,
lloge, Hooper. Ingersoll, Alexander 11. Jones, Ju-
lian, Kclley, Kelsey, Keteliam. Ivnapp, Laflin, Law-
lenee, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard. McCar-
thy, McCormiok, McCrary. McUrow, MeKee, Mer-
cur, HHakim 11. Moore, William Moore, Morey,
Morphis, .Myers. Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce. Phelps, Piatt, Pome-
roy. Porter, Prosser, liainoy. Boots, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scolield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, "William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Strong, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, Cadwatader C. Wash-
burn, William B. W.vhburn. Welker, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, ancj Wiiians—123.
NAYS—Mcssis. Adams, Archer, Beck,Bird, Boyd,
James Brooks. Burr. Cleveland, Conger, Conner,
Cox, Dickinson. Joseph Dixon, Box, Duke, Eldridge,
Getz, Gibson, Griswold, llaldeman, Hale, Hamill,
Hawkins. Hays, llolinan, Johnson, Judd. Knott,
Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McKenzie, McNeely,
Milnes, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Pot-
tei, Randall, lliee, Rogers, SUerrod, Stile?, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland. Swann, Sweeney, Taylor,
Trimble, Van Auken, VanTrump, Eugene M. Wil-
son. Wood, Woodward, and Young—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Ayer, Banks, Bar-
num. Barry, Bennett. Biggs, Itoderick B,. Butler,
Cake, Cnlkin, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Crebs.
Nathan P. Dixon. Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Perry,
Gilfillan, llaight, llamhleton, Harris, Hill,
Holmes, Hotehkiss, Jenckes. Thomas L. Jones, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Lash, Logan, Manning, Jesse H. Moore,
Daniel J. Jlorroll, Samuel P. Morrill. Newsham,
Peck. Peters. Poland, Price, Reeves, Sehumaker,
Porter Sheldon, Stiober, Slocum, Starkweather,
Strader, Sypher, Taffe. Twiehell, Van Wyck.
Voorhens, AVilkinson. Winchester, Witcher. and
Wolf—57.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL, ETC., SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 53) to pay two companies of
Oregon volunteers.
Mr. PERCE, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled joint resolutions of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 80) for the res-
toration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the
United States Navy, to the activc list from the
reserved list; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 377) granting
condemned ordnance to the Seventh Regiment
Monument Association of Ohio.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the next
committee on the call during the morning
hour, the Committee on Indian Affairs, is not
ready to report this morning. I will move,
therefore, that the rules be suspended, and
that the House now resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the legislative appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HOAR. I believe the special order for
to-day, after the morning hour, is the bill to
establish a national system of education. I do
not desire to interfere with the business of the
Committee on Appropriations ; but I will ask
