1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I gave notice two
days ago of the amendment, and it was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of this precise
amendment ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Not precisely this
language, but the same in substance. I do not
see the amendment that I offered in print.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can get it if that
question is raised.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should prefer to
offer the printed amendment, if I could find it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Delaware
will not insist on the literal thing ; this is the
substance of the thing that was before the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be received.
Mr. HOWE. Have the yeas and nays been
ordered on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have not
been. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator fiom Connecticut appropriating
$50,000 additional for the Thames river.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 16, noes 30.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. As the yeas and nays are
ordered on this and on the other question, I
desire to say that when this question was before
the Senate originally I thought New London
was the best place for a navy-yard, from all
the evidence 1 had.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
doubt of it.
Mr. IIO WE. Therefore I was on that side
of the controversy ; but Congress, in its wis-
dom, decided to accept, League Island.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Both.
Mr. HOWE. Well, it took this League
Island for a navy-yard. It has another piece
of ground in Philadelphia, another navy-yard
there, to dispose of. Now, I am inclined to
think we had better dispose of what we have
there, and prepare this location for occupa-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "We have appropriated in
a bill already passed to carry on the repairs
at the yard proper.
Mr. IIOWE. Therefore I shall vote for this
appropriation of §200,000 for League Island.
I am not aure but that I ought to vote for the
appropriation for_New London also. I think
1 would vote for it—I am not quite aure about
that—if it contained some such provision as the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
offered here the other day when they proposed
to acquire some new lands here for a park and
proposed to sell some other lands in the city.
If the Senator from Connecticut would couple
with his amendment a provision to sell the
Navy and to convert the proceeds into another
yard, I do not know but that I should go for
it. [Laughter.] I am not sure but that the
yards are worth more to us than the Navy;
but without some such provision, I think one
navy yard more 
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. As theSenatorseems
to have an idea that a sale of the property
in Philadelphia will be made, which will aid
very much in bearing the expense of fitting up
League Island, which is undoubtedly true, I
desire to say to him that there is property at
Brooklyn estimated to be worth $20,000,000,
whichis also to be sold, according to the opin-
ion of men who know, and that will be ap-
propriated—I hope not all of it—to the Thames
river. A small portion of it certainly would
be as well appropriated there as it would be
to League Island.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
lole, Conklm?, Corbett. Davis. Edmunds. Fowler,
Hilbert, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont
.atterson, Pomeroy,
find Warner—19.
lawyer, Sj/i'd^ue, Trumbull,
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Cragin, Flanagan, Hamilton ot
Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Howell, Johnston,
McCreery, Pratt, Ramsey, Itiee, Scott, Sherman,
Stearns, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, and Williams—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow,Carpenter,
Casserly. Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harris, Howard. Lewis, Miller, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye. Osborn, Pool, Bevels, Robertson, Ross,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurman.Willey, Wilson, and Yates—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, striking out the
appropriation for League Island, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senate will excuse
me, I do not rise to make any speech or take
up any time; but I ought to have mentioned
before that we have already provided, in the
naval appropriation bill that has passed, for
carrying on the usual repairs and improve-
ments and works at the navy-yard proper at
Philadelphia. If this appropriation is to be
made, we ought to put in a provision repeal-
ing the appropriation in the act which we have
just passed.
Mr. COLE. And I think there are others
in this very bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, there are others in
this very bill, too.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to have the
amendment read.
The Chief Clerk read the clause proposed to
be stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN. I may have been derelict
in duty, but I do not understand this question.
I have been absent from the Senate for the last
half hour, and I wish some explanation before
I vote. I want to know if it has been resolved
upon to abandon the navv-yard at Philadel-
phia, and if so, why; then, what is to become
of the property which belongs to the United
States; and then what is to be the cost of
erecting a new navy-yard at League Island?
In the briefest terms possible I should like to
have an answer to these interrogatories.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state, from the
Committee on Appropriations, with the permis-
sion of my friend from California, [Mr. Cole,]
who is busy at the moment, that it is true that
the act providing for the acceptance of the gift
of League Island, of four or five years ago,
1865 I believe 
Mr. SCOTT. In 1867.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In 1866 or 1867, when
this gift was forced upon us, (because that is
the ilat truth, as I happened to be here,) it was
stated in the debate that we could take up
League Island and use it for a navy-yard when
we thought it proper and convenient; and the
act itself says in terms that at the convenience
of the United States we shall improve League
Island and dispose of the other yard. Now,
the other yard is existing and has been im-
proved ever since with the usual annual appro-
priations of a few hundred thousand dollars,
more or less, and we have at this session
already passed a bill for the usual improve-
ments and repairs at the navy-yard proper.
Now it is proposed by this section which, the
Senator has heard read, to appropriate $200,-
000 to commence operations upon League
Island. The committee have the impression,
although it is totally impossible to estimate it
with any accuracy, as the Senator must know,
for these things swell enormously, that it will
probably cost, three or four million dollars to
finish up League Island.
Mr. SHERMAN. What will the property
belonging to the United States in the navy-
yard at Philadelphia bring?
Mr. SCOTT. From two to three millions.
Mr. NYE. I do rfot thinkit would be wise
to strike out the appropriations for the Phila-
delphia yard proper, because certainly League
Island cannot be used for many years, and I
suppose nothing can be done there for some
jears at least. I hope, therefore, the appro-
priations for the yard proper at Philadelphia
will not be interfered with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
now.
Mr. NYE. I beg pardon ; I thought it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, to strike out the clause
relating to League Island.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Flana-
gan, Harlan, Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy,
Sprague, and Trumbull—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cameron, Cattell,
Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Fowler, Hill, Howe, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Pratt, Ramsey,
Riee, Robertson, Ross, Scott, Spencer, Stearns,
Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Viek-
ers, and Warner—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Chandler, Ferry, (iilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris,
Howard, McCreery, Miller, Morrill ot Maine, Mor-
ton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Sauls-
bury. Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Sumner, Willey,
Williams, Wilson and Yates—30.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
TRADE-MARKS ON FOREIGN WATCHES
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 829) in relation to fraudulent trade-
marks upon foreign watches, with an amend-
ment in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senate to consider now the amendment which
has just come over from the House to a Sen-
ate bill.
Byunanimousconsent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 829) in
relation to fraudulent trade-marks upon for-
eign watches. The amendment was to strike
out all of the original bill alter the enacting
clause, and to insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing;
That from and after the 1st day of April,1871,110
watches,watch-cases, watch-movements, or parts of
watch-movements of foreign manufacture which
shall copy or simulate the name or trade-mark of
any domestic manufacturer, shall be admitted to
entry into the custom-houses of the United States,
unless such domestic manufacturer is the importer
of the same.
Sec. 2. That domestic manufacturers of watches
who have adopted trade-marks may cause to be
recorded in the Treasury of the United States, in a
book to be kept for that purpose, and under such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, their names, residence
and descriptions of trade-maiks, and furnish to the
Secretary /ac siimles of such trade-marks: and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary to transmit one or
more copies of the same to each collector or other
proper officer of the customs ot the United States, to
be used by such officers in the execution of the first
section of this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of \ ermont. I will merely
say that this is a slight modification of the bill
passed by the Senate, is not so sweeping in
its provisions, and confines the confiscation to
such watches as really imitate American trade-
marks.
The amendment was concurred in.
REPORT OF RETRENCHMENT COMMITTEE.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment, who were, by
resolution of the Senate, passed December 1-1
1870, instructed to furnish a comparative de-
tailed statement of the cost of collecting the
customs revenue at the ports of New York
Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans^
and San Francisco, with such recommenda-
tions favoring a reduction in such expenses
as they may deem compatible with the interests
of the public service ; also, to report particu-
larly Oil the present system and practices con-
nected with the warehouse business at the port
of New \ork, and in relation to what is com-
monly known es the general-oidev business
