1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1383
port and Cincinnati bridge case at all. I am
only showing that before the Senate proceed
to the consideration of this resolution they
ought to have the information which is neces-
sary to enable them to act upon it; and one
of the very essential features of the whole
case is to ascertain if possible the cost to the
Government of requiring all bridges to con-
form to a certain standard. I say that this is
one of the questions that ought to have been
considered by the Committee on Commerce.
The chairman of the Committee on Commerce
can state how much time they have already
spent in investigating this subject, and it is now
before the Senate without a report from that
committee, but simply with a report from the
Judiciary Committee, that the company are
proceeding to build such a bridge as they are
authorized by law to build.
If the Senate, with this view of the case,
should deem it proper to take up during the
morning hour a subject of this magnitude, and
involving an investigation which ought to be
made by a committee, then of course we shall
have to proceed to investigate, it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question now
before us, and which I intend to confine myself
to, is whether it is imperatively necessary now
to take up and decide this question at the pres-
ent session of Congress ; and as a matter of
course we must do it in the morning hour. I
call the attention of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (because he like myself represents a
constituency interested in this question) to
the way in which the Newport and Cincinnati
bridge is now being built. The company claim
that they have the right to build it in a partic-
ular form. That right is disputed ; and upon
that question there is a great deal of difference
of opinion. The Judiciary Committee have,
upon examination, reported that technically
they have the right to build a span or a draw-
bridge, but aside from that, we have the unan-
imous report of able engineers, supported by
testimony so overwhelming that no man can
read it without coming to the conviction that
this bridge as it is now being built will be a
positive obstruction to the Ohio river, and will
throttle a commerce of $700,000,000 a year.
It will be an impediment that will work more
injury to the State of Pennsylvania in a single
year than the entire value of the bridge. It
will work more injury to the people of Ohio
twice told every year than the entire cost of
the bridge.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that he thinks
this is debate, which will be legitimate on the
joint resolution after it shall be taken up, be-
cause that is exactly what the rule proposes
to prevent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will confine myself to
the point. This bridge will be built, and will
"be an obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio
river, unless Congress at this session passes a
resolution to preveut, restrain, or delay it. All
I desire is the passage of this resolution which
will, delay the building of this obstruction
until Congress can pass upon it, or until the
courts can pass upon it; and that action, if it
is to be had at all, must be had now. This
report of the engineers wa3 made under an
express direction of law, and it is now laid
before us. The people along the whole line
of this river and the tributary rivers and the
connecting rivers have sent their petitions here
begging us not to allow this obstruction to be
made to the Ohio river.
Now, as to who shall pay the damages caused
by this delay, whether the United States or the
bridge company shall pay them, or whether
somebody else shall be required to pay them,
is not a question that I stop to discuss at all;
but that the construction of this bridge ought
now to bo immediately suspended I think
there can be no reasonable doubt on the part
of any Senator who will examine the subject.
The whole of that region of country, embrac-
ing more than one half of the population of
the United States in the Mississippi valley, are
interested in this question, and I think they
have the right to ask that it shall be taken up
and considered at this time. It is so pressing
and imperative that I think we ought to do it.
I believe that after a debate of a little while
we may dispose of this resolution, at least to
the extent of requiring a suspension of the
construction of this bridge until Congress can
act upon it more fully. That is all I desire.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce had this subject before it and gave a
hearing of two or three days, I believe, to
both sides of the ease. There was this diffi-
culty in the minds of the Committee on Com-
merce : if the parties building the bridge were
building it in accordance with law it was the
opinion of the committee that it would be un-
just for Congress to step in and interfere with
them in their work, and that if Congress did
step in and interfere, there would be a moral
obligation on the Government of the United
States to pay the expense that might be
incurred by the parties if they were acting
under law. Our legal advisers on the Commit-
tee on Commerce differed on this point, and
hence the Committee on Commerce reported
the resolution back to the Senate and asked
that the subject be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, to settle the legal point
whether the company were acting in accord-
ance with law or not. Since then the subject
has not been before the Committee on Com-
merce, and I of course am not prepared to
discuss it further.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend if the
committee did not unanimously agree, upon
the report of the engineers and the proof
before them, that if the bridge was built it
would be an obstruction to the Ohio river?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; we did not
consider that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the question to
be considered; and it can be considered in the
Senate probably as well as in any other place.
Mr. SCOTT. After the statement of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, I
desire now to say that I should feel entirely
free to advocate such an amendment to this
resolution as would carry out the finding of
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING. The Committee on the
Judiciary, you mean.
Mr. SCOTT. I mean the impression which
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
gives as the sense of that committee if we
were to proceed to the consideration of this
resolution. I believe that half a million, a
million, or two millions expended by this
Government in correcting an error into which
Congress has been led in authorizing the
building of bridges of this character would be
a mere bagatelle in comparison with the great
interests that are involved in this question. If
this company has proceeded as the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce has stated it
has, and as the opinion of the Judiciary Com-
mittee has found that it has, in accordance
with the law of Congress 
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have not found any-
thing about it.
Mr. SCOTT. That they are authorized to
build a bridge with a draw so many feet above
the water 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say to the
Senato*r from Pennsylvania 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield to the Senator
from Illinois 1
Mr. SCOTT. I should prefer to be asked to
yield before being interrupted in so entirely
captious a manner as to say : " We have not
found anything about it."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg pardon.
Mr. SCOTT. I yield, of course, to the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator
had misapprehended, perhaps, the action ofthe
Committee on the Judiciary. That committee
did not look into the reports of the engineers
or to the facts as to how this bridge was being
built at all. We understood that the subject
bad been referred to us to inquire what sort
of a bridge the law authorized to be built at
that point. The committee expressed its opin-
ion very briefly through one of its members,
the Senator from Ohio, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Therm ax,] upon that subject that the
company would have a right to build a bridge
either with continuous spans or with a draw.
That was the only subject investigated by the
committee. Let me read one sentence of the
report:
" It is the opinion of your committee that, under
its charters and this legislation of Congress, tha
bridge company has the option to build a bridge uf
continuous spans or a draw-bridge, butsubjeet to the
right of Congress to withdraw its assent or to require
modifications or alterations of the bridge."
Mr. SCOTT. That was just what I intended
to say, Mr. President. The question was made,
as I understand it, before the Committee on
Commerce, whether the company had the right
to build a bridge with a continuous span and
so many feet above the water or whether it
had a right to build a draw-bridge. This find-
ing of the Committee on the Judiciary affirms,
as I understand it, the positions taken by the
company before the Committee on Commerce.
If, then, they are proceeding in accordance with
law, and it is found necessary for the public
interest to make a modification of this law, then
I say at once I am willing to vote for the reso-
lution requiring the Government to bear the
expense of the change which we now propose
to make. I am willing not only to do that, but
to vote that the Government shall bear the ex-
pense of requiring all the bridges on the Ohio
river now, before others are built, to conform
to such regulations as will prevent the obstruc-
tion of the commerce on the river; and that
is really the only point which the Senator from
Ohio said he did not wish to consider. I am
willing that this joint resolution shall be passed
this morning with a proviso attached to it that
the company shall be reimbursed the expenses
which they shall be put to in consequence of
any change that is now made from that which
they were authorized to do by the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is only one remark
I will make, and that is that the very law by
which this company claims the right to build
this obstruction across the Ohio liver contains
this reservation:
" But Congress reserves the right to withdraw the
assent hereby given in case the tree navigation of
said river shall at any time be substantially and
materially obstructed by any bridge to be ereeted
under the authority of this resolution, or to direct
the necessary modifications and alterations of said
bridge."
An act of Congress passed at the same ses-
sion directed a board of engineers to examine
this particular bridge and see whether or not
any alterations were required. That board of
engineers, composed of the ablest engineers in
the service, unanimously report that the bridge
will be an obstruction, and that such and-sueh
alterations are necessary, and they are sup-
ported by a weight of testimony that would
convince even "the eleventh stubborn jury-
man."
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from
Ohio what is the obstruction ? Is it the height
of the bridge?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the height of the
bridge. They propose to build it only nine
and a half fees above high-water mark at Cin-
cinnati.
Mr. RAMSEY. If it is a bridge requiring
spans it must be fifty feet above high-water
mark.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to my con-
struction it requires continuous spans; but the
Committee on the Judiciary think they have a
right to build it this way.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it not fifty feet above
high-water mark?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it is only nine
ii and a half feet.
