1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. CHANDLER. Seventy feet above low
water, ' •
Mr. RAMSEY. That makes it generally
about fifty feet above high-water mark.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law requires it to be
forty feet above high water; but they claim
the right to build a span bridge only nine and
a half feet above high water. It is seventy
feet above low water; but there the river is a
gorge, and it rises sixty feet from low-water
to high-water mark, and all we ask is that they
i shall raise the bridge one hundred feet above
' low-water mark.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then the fault is rather in
the river than in the bridge. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; if the river
would not rise so high we should not want so
high a bridge. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. So much of the merits hav-
ing got before the Senate as that the Senator
from Ohio has referred to the report made by
the board of engineers as having been made
under this law enacted with reference to that
very ease, I desire now to call attention to the
facts when that law was enacted. The coal-
men of the Monongahela river, whose inter-
ests I desired to protect, were here complain-
ing of the erection of the Parkersburg bridge ;
and my friend from West Virginia and other
Senators on the floor were very careful, when
I desired to get a special day fixed for the con-
sideration of the amendment which I offered
to the bill to cover their interests, to see that
1 did notget it. At thattime the Newport and
Cincinnati bridge, so far as I know, was not
heard of, was never mentioned. I did not
know that there was a charter in existence for
such a bridge. I offered at that time an amend-
ment covering the whole subject, prepared by
that committee of Monongahela coal-men and
Pittsburg men, -and which I am willing to
vote for to day, that embodies this very par-
ticular, that the alterations which are neces-
sary to make those bridges conform to regula-
tions necessary to save the navigation of the
Ohio river should be made at the expense of
the Government. The section has no reference
whatever specifically to the Newport and Cin-
cinnati bridge. It was aimed at other bridges
then in operation, particularly the Parkers-
burg bridge, which was in process of construc-
tion, and this bridge was never named; but
the general terms of the section embraced this
bridge, and I am very glad of it.
This is not a subject that is to be opened up
t,o the Senate during the morning hour; and
all I have to say again is that I will join with
the Senator from Ohio in carrying out the very
provision which the men interested in this sub-
ject agreed should be incorporated in a bill
of this character.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
this joint resolution.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the order of
the day. I believe it is one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not quite
one o'clock. No quorum has voted, and the
Senator from Ohio demands the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the morning hour is
so near out, only one minute left, I give notice
that I will call up this joint resolution at the
first opportunity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio proposes to withdraw his motion ;
but the Chair is reminded that no quorum
voted, which arrests business in the Senate,
if any Senator makes the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I call for the yeas
and nays on my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sine there is a
quorum here, and 1 ask the Chair to count.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be better ascer-
tained by calling the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll on the motion of the Senator
from- Ohio, which will disclose the presence
or absence of a quorum.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Browulow,
Casserly. Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Iflan-
agan, IWler,' Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Howell,
Johnston, Lewis,' McCreery, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, Pratt, Eoss, Sawyer,-'Schurz. Sherman. Spen-
cer, Sprague, Stearns, Warner, Willey, Williams,
and Yates—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, McDonald, Pomoroy,
Ramsey, Rice, Seott, Thayer, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott Bayard, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Cragin,Perry, Gilbert, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Revels, Robertson, Saulsbnry. Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Wilson—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is taken up; but the morning hour hav-
ing expired, the unfinished business of yester-
day is before the Senate. Before proceeding
to its consideration the Chair is obliged to
state that he reminded two Senators, speaking
pro and con on this motion, that they went
beyond the eleventh rule. The debate after-
ward progressed by the unanimous consent
of the Senate. The Chair cannot be expected
to administer these rules and to be constantly
cheeking Senators if the Senate desires de-
bate on the merits to proceed on a motion to
take up.
Mr. SHERMAN. A little explanation will
helo us along from time to time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair sup-
posed, after he had spoken twice on the point,
that the Senate desired to have the merits dis-
cussed, and therefore did not further inter-
pose. The unfinished business is the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
the pending question being ou the amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Sawyer.]
cruelty to animals oh railroads.
Mr. CAMERON. I appeal to the Senator
from California to allow me to bring up alittle
bill from the Committee on Agriculture, House
bill No. 2018, to prevent cruelty to animals
while in transit by railroad or other means of
transportation within the United States. It
was yesterday postponed on a single objection,
which objection, I understand, is withdrawn,
and there will be no further objection to it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I shall be
obliged to object to the consideration of that
bill at this time. I dislike to do so, as the bill
has a very commendable title; but the bill itself
bristles all over with Federal jurisdiction, and
I think really it ought to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is an import-
ant bill, and one that ought to be well consid-
ered by that committee. It goes into the States
and undertakes to regulate our railroads, im-
poses penalties, and, besides that, I see in a
certain portion of the bill that there may be a
patent behind it. I want to learn from the
Patent Office if there is not some patent ear or
something of that kind in this bill or behind
it. I must object to it, Mr. President.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator has the right
to object, of course, and I shall not object to
his objecting; but it seems to me, this bill
having been here so long, he might have in-
quired into that matter before this time. It is
a simple bill to take care of the animals trans-
ported on railroads. Ithasbeen broughtbefore
Congress by the Humanitarian Society of New
York which is doing so much good in that
direction ; and so far as I know anything about
the railroads, they have no interest against it.
As to patent cars, I will say that there is a
patent ear, but this bill cannot protect that.
Yesteiuav objection was made by the Sen-
]| ator from California, [Mr. Casserly,] and I
understood from the Senator from New York
that that objection was withdrawn, or I should
not have brought it forward this morning. I
desire only to do my duty in this case. The
people who prepared this bill are very anxious
about it. It is to them a matter of feeling,
of deep sentiment, and they feared there was
some wrong going to be done by the railroad
companies. I believe I have done my duty in
bringing it forward. If other gentlemen desire
the bill to pass, they will have to attend to it
hereafter.
john l. miles.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I beg consent of the Sen-
ate to the passage of a little joint resolution
which will enable me to give more time to the
Committee on Appropriations, as I shall have
one less letter to answer every day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 190) to compensate John L. Miles,
late second lieutenant of the second Indiana
battery, for one horse lost in the service.
Mr. PRATT  It is a very just and innocent
claim. I hooe it will pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 must stand by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations. I
am opposed to that horse. Let us go on with
the appropriation bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I beg that the Senator
from Vermont will not oppose that, and I
think he would not if he understood what it
was. There is a persistent effort on the part,
of a man who believes he is treated with in-
justice, and he requires my attention about
every other morning, and it is impossible for
me to give proper attention to the appropri-
ation bills unless this resolution is passed. I
beg, therefore, that the Senator from Vermont
will permit the bill to pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, my friend's con-
stituent will be sure he is treated 
Mr. SPRAGUE. Not my constituent. He
belongs away off in the northwestern terri-
tory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the gentleman who
belongs to the northwestern territory will be
sure he is treated with injustice this morning,
because I still object. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPRAGUE subsequently said: I renew
my request for the consideration of the joint
resolution for the relief of John L. Miles.
The Senator from Vermont withdraws his
objection.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 190) to compensate John L. Miles,
late second lieutenant of the second Indiana
battery, for one horse lost in the service, was
read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that
there be paid to John L. Miles, late second
lieutenant second Indiana battery, $150 for
one horse lost May, 1861, at Fort Smith, Ark-
ansas, by reason of an inadequate supply of
forage while Miles was acting under orders
separate from the battery, and from a change
of position thereof.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third readiug, read the third
time, and passed.
message from tiie 110cse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheesox, its Clerk, aunouneed
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested :
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 262) direct-
ing the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue a patent to Appleton Stevens,
ot Portsmouth, Bay county, and State of
Michigan, conveying to the said Stevens the
land described in said resolution :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) directing
j| the Commissioner of the General Land Office
:j to issue a patent to Joseph R. Hitchcock and,
ii Bjnjauiiu F. lieckwith, of Bay City, Bay eoim
