558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
TABLE—Continued.
Circuit.
Eighth-
Ninth..
State.
Minnesota,
Minnesota,
Iowa 
Iowa 
Missouri....
Missouri.,..
Kansas 
Kansas 
Arkansas...
California.
California.
California.
Oregon 
Oregon 
Oregon  
Nevada 
Nevada.....
Nevada 
Where held.
St. Paul 
St. Paul 
l>es Moines....
Des Moines 
St. Louis 
St. Louis 
Topeka 
Topekn. 
Little Hock 
San Francisco
San Francisco
San Francisco
Portland 
Portland 
Portland 
Carson 
Carson 
Carson 
When held.
Third Monday in June 
Third Monday in October 
Second Tuesday in May 
Third Tuesday in October 
h'rst Monday in April 
First Monday in October 
Fourth Monday in May 
Fourth Monday in November
Second Mondny in April  
First Monday in February.....
Second Monday in June 
First Monday in October 
First Monday in .January 
First Monday in May 
First Monday in September...
First Monday in March 
First Monday in August 
First Monday in December....
Population.
Square miles.
4,205,645
693,693
537,442
406,345
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, I think
that we, as agents of the people of this coun-
try, ought to hesitate before we increase the
salaries of the officers of this Government. I
am surprised, Mr. Chairman, that the propo-
sition has come from tho other side of the
House that the salaries of these officers should
be increased. General Grant's splendid fame
as a military chieftain no doubt helped to ele-
vate him to tho Presidency; but itwas more,
sir, the pledge of the Republican party that
reform and retrenchment should be carried
out than the splendor of his name which ele-
vated him to the chieftainship of this country.
Mr, Chairman, we, as the conservators of
the property of the people of this country,
ought to do that which every prudent man
does; we ought to see first what we can obtain
the requisite services for, and then at tho low-
cat prices engage those services. Now, sir,
who has ever heard that there was difficulty
in filling any judgeship in this country with
competent officers for the pay which this
Government has given ? It is an office which is
sought for. The ollice of judge of the Supreme
Court, and the ollice of every district judge in
this country is sought for by I he first lawyers
of the land at the pay as it now stands. It is
time enough, Mr. Chairman, for us to talk
about increasing the pay when there is diffi-
culty in filling those offices with those having
tho proper talents for the competent discharge
of their duties. Those offices now command
the first talent in this country, with very lew
exceptions. Those exceptions are those who,
combining both legal knowledge and great
powers of oratoiy, command exceedingly high
prices for their services as advocates. 1 say,
then, we ought to pause before acceding to the
proposition now before the committee.
Then, Mr. Chairman, when I turn to history
and see that the offices of judge of the Su-
preme Court have been filled by such men as
.lay, Ellsworth, Gushing, Taney, and Marshall
at the salaries as they stood, and those sala-
ries standing through two or three wars, when
everything was high, higher than things are
now, I see no reason why we should now make
these changes. Why, sir, I recollect with what
profound admiration of republican institutions
1 passed by the almost humble dwelling of
Roger 13. Taney in tho city of Baltimore. I
thought, sir, that it spoke well for republican
institutions with low salaries that we filled
these offices with men whose names were un-
impeachable for integrity and ability. Few
men in this country have raised a larger family
than the immortal Taney of Maryland. But
there was no advance of salary to him. He
lived as a republican should live: humbly,
privately, and quietly. If their salaries be
advanced, we encourage extravagance, not
only in the officers but in the raising of the
children of the officers of the Government. I
hope that this House will adhere to the salaries
as they now stand ; and, if the prices of alt
materials have advanced, let the House so cor-
rect the legislation of this country that we may
return to the old basis of value. I desire to
see that, and that we shall not, as in mon-
archical countries, have high salaried officers.
[Here the hammer fell].
Mr. FARNSWORT11. Mr. Chairman, it
may seem an ungracious thing to oppose an
amendment increasing the salaries of the
judges, but 1 feel compelled to do it. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong]
has referred to a list of salaries to show that
there is great inequality in the salaries of the
officers of the Government, and it is true.
But is it always proper to equalize them up?
Cannot we sometimes equalize them the other
way? One officer gets his salary increased and
iramedialely there is a clamor to increase the
salary of every other officer so as to make them
equal. Jl know that these judges petform very
arduous labors and that they are very distin-
guished men. I am acquainted with many
of them. Some of them are my friends. But
I cannot forget that only last year there was
a great deal of competition in the pursuit of
these, offices. I cannot forget that they com-
mand the very best talent, in the country, and
that these gentlemen were very anxious to
receive these appointments.
1 did not anticipate at that time that an
effort would be so soon made to increase their
salaries. Sir, these olficesdid not go begging.
Plenty of men applied for them, and there was
a great deal of very active competition to obtain
those appointments at the salary then fixed.
Now, what has occurred since these appoint-
ments were made that they should require an
increase of salary? Have prices gone up?
No. Does it cost more to five now than it
did then? No. is there a prospect that prices
will advance? No; everything is taking the
other course, a downward tendency of prices
and in the expense of living and supporting a
family.
1 must oppose this amendment, because I
know it is but an entering wedge to increase
the salaries of all other officers, and it is to be
followed up by some other gentleman reading
from a list of officers that we pay the circuit
judges a salary of S6,500 a year, and therefore
the district judges ought to be paid more; and
then you must follow it up by increasing the
salary of everybody else.
Sir, I would not complain so much if you
would commence with the low salaries, if you
would begin with the men who sweep your
Capitol, your watchmen, your one-legged sol-
diers, your poor laboring men, and increase
their pay and then increase the pay of the
lower class of clerks; but there is no clamor
for that. The clamor is to increase the pay of
those who already receive large salaries. It is
always so.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope this will stop.
I hope this committee will have back-bone
enough and independence enough to defeat
this attempt to increase the salaries of the
officers of this Government, commencing with
judges.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
only to call the attention of the House, and
particularly that of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Archer,] to the very unfortunate
allusion he made to the late Chief Justice of
the United States and his salary. I agree to
all he said of his learning and ability. He
lived a just, temperate, economical, and sober
life, and died after many years' service as a
judge of the country, leaving children, ladies,
to look for employment for their support as
copyists.
Mr. DAWES. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that
the House will stop here in raising salaries,
and I speak with some considerable anxiety
upon the subject. I felt it impossible to do
otherwise than to aid in raising the salary of
the judges of the Supreme Court. I contrast
their position and their duties with those of all
the other judges of the United States, and 1
affirm that there hang upon the decisions of
that court greater questions, ultimate questions,
than hang upon any other court in tho United
Statss; and that in consequence thereof their
importance in the judiciary of the United States
rises above that of all the other courts. It, is
proper, therefore, that in fixing the salaries of
such a court we should take notice of all these
differences. But, sir, here is a new court, with
new duties ; not a court of ultimate and final
decision, having none of the responsibilities
of a final judgment, on the cases they pass upon,
or of the laws which they construe, having just
as little of the responsibilities of a court as it is
possible for them to have, which are enough, I
admit, but very different from those of a court
of last resort.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question right there. It is this: if
there is any reason existing- at this time that
did not exist a little over a year ago, when the
law was passed creating these judges, for an
increase of their salaries?
Mr. DAWES. I thank the gentleman for
taking a portion of my brief five minutes,
and anticipating what 1 was going to say, be-
cause he said it better than I can. I was
going to say that the duties are new, the
amount of work is not yet defined, the lahoB.
of this court, its ultimate position in the judi-
cature of the country, its importance there,
has not yet been determined. 'These nine
circuit judges are all new; some of them
have not been confirmed in their seats six
months.
Now, with a Constitution that says that
though you may raise these salaries ysu shall
never diminish them ; with the facts staring
us in the face that for these places you can
command the best legal talent of the country,
what propriety is there for us to now- increase
the salaries of the judges of this new court,
who accepted their position with full know!-
