1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
ty. and St.iie of Michigan, conveying to the
smd Hitchcock and Beckwith the land described
in said resolution ;
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 204) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Albert Miller, of Ports-
mouth, Bay county, and State of Michigan,
conveying to the said Miller the land described
in said resolution ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 205) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Alexander C. Rorison and
D,*vid B. Rorison, of Portsmouth, Bay coun-
ty, and State of Michigan, conveying to the
said Alexander C. Rorison and David B. Ror-
ison the land described in said resolution;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 510) relating
to t he Washington canal;
A hill (H. R. No. 2810) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3014) supplementary to an
act to authorize the extension, construction,
and use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Potomac Railroad Company in, to, and
within the District of Columbia, approved
February 5, 1807;
A bill (H. R No. 2959) to regulate the grade
of Maryland avenue from the end of the Long
bridge to Twelfth street;
A bill (H. R. No. 2378) to amend section
five of the general incorporation law of the
District of Columbia in relation to cemeteries;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 8048) to authorize the
establishment of certain free and public high-
ways in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2809) mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 716) to pro-
vide for the better security of life on board of
vessels propelled in whole or iu partby steam,
and for other purposes, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; and they thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (II. R. No. 2504) to provide for the
apportionment of the members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2600) forthe relief of
Henry Clay Williams, late receiver of public
moneys at Eau Claire, Wisconsin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2707) for the relief of
General John C. McQuiston and Jeremiah D.
Skeen. of Indiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 2691) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of Wyoming Territory appor-
tioning said Territory for members of the
council and house of representatives of the
territorial Legislature;
A bill (H. R. No. 2689) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
80. 1872, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 594) to provide a government
for the District of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 2566) for the relief of
Henry Willman, late a private in the third
icgiment of Indiana cavalry; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 503) for the
relief of John E. Hagerty, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 17th
instant, approved and signed the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 242) in relation to the steam-
ship Meteor.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2524) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1872,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Sawyek, which was, on page 34, in the
appropriations forthe Department of the Inte-
rior, in line eight hundred and four, after the
words "chief clerk," to insert "four heads
of divisions, at $2,000 each."
Mr. SAWYER. _ I ask the Clerk to read
what is inclosed in brackets in the letter I
send to the Chair, and that is all I propose to
say.
The Chief Clerk read the following extract
from a letter of Secretary Delano, dated "De-
partment of the Interior, Washington, Feb-
ruary 13, 1871," addressed to the acting chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations:
"The relief proposed for the office of the Secretary
of the Interior in your amendment to the appropri-
ation bill will not be adequate to the wants of this
office, for the following reasons:
"None of the bureaus in this Department areauthor-
ized to appoint any greater number of fourth-class
clerkships than are absolutely necessary for the ser-
vice of the respective bureaus. X cannot, therefore,
detail such clerks for service in the office of the Sec-
retary without inconvenience to the bureaus. I
observe also that the committee declines to give me
the three copyists, at §300 each, as desired, and one
additional laborer. I can only repeat what I have
before said, that I consider this additional force
necessary to the welfare of the service. Permit me
to hope that the committee will reconsider their
action, and recommend the appropriation called for
in lay letter of the 8th instant.
"It was to me very apparent thatsuch force asttie
Secretary's office requires had better bo appointed
directly for his office, and that to arrive at this result <
by appointing clerks in other bureaus to be detailed (
for service in the SecretaiyV oiiiee would be a bad
example and an inexpedient way of arriving at a
proper end."
Mr. SAWYER. I have nothing more to
say. I ask for the question oil mv amendment.
[" Question !"]
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I called attention to it
last night, and I hope the Senate understands
what it is. It is a proposition to create four
heads of division in the office of the Secretary
of the Interior. We have got along for years
without them. They are new officers, at large
salaries. There is no diminution ot clerks to
correspond with this provision. It seems to
me we ought not to be adding m that sort of
wav.
Mr. COLE. The fact is that the Secretary ^
of the Interior is exceedingly anxious about
this matter; and as he has the responsibility
of the administration of his whole Department
upou his shoulders the committee thought
it best not to embarrass him in any demand
which he regarded as essential for the adminis-
tration of his office.
Further thaii that, the estimates for this
Department were made up by his predecessor,
when there was not requisite attention given
to them, in view of a change in the head ot the
office. I think these explanations are really
due to the head of the Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I think Congress
had better abdicate and just pass such laws as
the Secretaries require. It seems this was not
recommended by the former Secretary, and
other Secretaries got along without it.
Mr. POMEROY. The former Secretary
wrote his report and signed it away back in
July. The Senator from Illinois remarked
yesterday on this subject that we were pro-
posing to increase the force in the Department
of the Interior when the business was dimin-
ishing. It may be true that iu the Pension
Office, and some of the other bureaus, the
business is diminishing; but in the Land
Office, to which I have had my attention called,
the business is increasing. We have already
made four, and are ready to make six. new
land districts and land offices in the United
States. They asked last year for twelve tie",/
clerks in that bureau, and Congress granted
them but six. That bureau since the war has
increased over thirty-three per 'cent, iu its
business, and we got last year over two mil-
lion dollars in money from the sales of the
public lands. During the war they did almost
nothing; there was no increase. Since the
war the movement on the public lands has been
immense, and there is now a very pressing
need of new clerks and larger appropriations
for the Land Bureau in the Interior Depart-
ment. I do not know about the other bureaus;
possibly the others are growing less.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas tells us that we hare made six new land
districts, and that the land business is increas-
ing. Now, I wish to say to the Senator from
Kansas that we hawe a great many land dis-
tricts that ought to be abolished. I say to the
Senate, and I wish the statement to be heard
by the Senate, that we have two land offices
in my own State and we have land offices in
other States that there is no earthly use for.
There is not a foot of public land in the State
of Illinois, and has not been for years; but we
have a register and receiver at Springfield
in my State. I introduced a resolution here
two years ago, 1 think, and sent it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, inquiring why those
offices were continued; but I could not get
them abolished. I do not know what i e
want with a land register and land receiver at
Springfield, Illinois, and I do not know what
we have had them there for during the last live
years. I think there are one or two also in
Ohio, where the public lands were gone long
ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had a land office in
Ohio for many years without any use for it;
and now we have given all the public lauds
that were left in that State to the State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But you still have the
land officer.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
there is still one there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume so; and it
is now given as a reason for increasing the
heads of divisions in the Interior Department
that we have made six additional land offices!
I wish the Senator from Kansas had ouute iu
with a bill to abolish six land offices.
Mr. POMEROY. But the Senator from
Illinois would oppose it. I have tried it twice.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Why, sir, I sent, a res-
olution a year or two ago to the Committee on
Public Lands asking tor an inquiry into the
question.
Mr. POMEROY. We did inquire, and we
got an adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know why it
should have beep adverse.
Mr. POMEROY. I will tell the Senator that
when we discontinue all the land offices in a
State except the one at the capital the accumu-
lated records of ail the other offices are brought
to the capital—there is one land office in that
way left in Ohio and one in Illinois—and certili-
cates from those records are constantly wanted
iu the courts. The people protest against the
offices being discontinued, the effect of which
would be to prevent their getting these certifi-
cates. In every contested-land case thatcomes
into court iu Ohio and Illinois certificates and
papers are sent for to be used as evidence;
and if it was proposed to-day to close np the
land office in Illinois, the Senators from Illi-
nois and the Representatives from that State in
the other House would be clamorous to have
it opened, so that their constituents could get
their transcripts of records and be saved the
trouble and expense of coining to Washing-
ton. The Committee on Public Lands desired
to have all these records and papers brought
to the General Land Office here; but. the Rep-
resentatives of the States interested renwu-
