1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
edge, as full knowledge as we to-day have, of
their duties; with as full knowledge of the
extent of their duties and the places where
they have to hold their courts as they have
to-day? Sir, it does not become the judges of
that court to ask any such thing at our hands.
It ia not required of us, it is not what the
Treasury expects, that we shall go one inch
further than we have already gone in refer-
ence to the Supreme Court. And I call upon
gentlemen to consider this distinction, and to
say that while we recognize the importance,
the transcendent importance of the Supreme
Court, and the propriety of putting it above all
other courts, we mean not by that to enter into
a general system of raising salaries.
Why, sir, this new court of new and fresh
men come upon the bench with the promise
of a pension for life, like the judges of the
Supreme Court. And yet, without the slightest
difficulty in obtaining the best talent, with
nobody leaving the court at one door while
the door of entrance is darkened with persons
applying for the places, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong,] who carries
his ideas through the whole system of sala-
ries, proposes to raise their salaries. He is
just as earnest in reference to the salary of an
Auditor or a Commissioner as he is in refer-
ence to the salary of a judge. He says plainly
that these men must be paid more. I doubt
not he is himself willing to take the responsi-
bility of going before the country with the
load upon his back and upon the hacks of his
political associates of raising the whole salary
bill from twenty to thirty-five million dollars,
yes, to forty million dollars a year, if we fol-
low him. I hope that gentleman will see that
we cannot go any further, and that there is
110 better place for us to scop than here, with
this fresh, new court of new judges, with new
duties, a new ambition, and a new character,
yet to be established before the country, of
stability and confidence in their work and the
manner of doing that work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. For my part, I do hope,
Mr. Chairman, that we can and that we will
go further. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxsworth] says that this is but an entering
wedge. I do not know how it may be with
the gentleman from Illinois ; but, as for me, I
have no fear of enteiing wedges when they are
in the line of justice and of true economy.
We have heard a great deal said here about
what the people will and what they will not
endure. Gentlemen must speak for their own
constituents. I do not believe that in my own
district there is one man so ignorant or one
man so mean as to find fault with the action
of Congress in paying a fair day's wages for a
fair day's work. And having regard to the
emoluments which are commanded by talent
and character in the profession of the law, we
do not, in the salaries of any of our judges,
pay a fair day's wages for a fair day's work.
For myself, I can see nothing to admire in the
economy practiced by the gentleman's State
Illinois—which paid to its Governor a salary
of $1,500 a year, at the same time that it paid
the Governor's gardener a salary of $2,000
a year. That is not my idea of the kind of
economy which a great Government, estab-
lished to maintain justice, can either rightly
or wisely practice. Oil the contrary, I believe
that true economy consists in paying such sal-
aries that men who seek the judicial office may
be able to devote their wholq time, their whole
attention, and their whole powers to the dis-
charge of the duties of their office, without
being hampered with a care of how they shall
maintain their families, or the condition in
which those families may be left by their
je.ith.
Gentlemen have referred to the late Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, who for same thirty years led a life of
economy, self-denial, and devotion to his coun-
try, performing services which have hardly
ever been equaled by any man who has occu-
pied a place upon that distinguished bench;
and who, when he died, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has told us, left
his daughters so destitute that they were only
kept from starving by their service as copyists
in one of the Departments here. What justice
was there in that? What inducement does it
offer to any upright, self-sacrificing, patriotic
man, competent to fill these high judicial posi-
tions, to seek to fill them ? 1 know very well
that one of the decisions of that great Chief
Justice to whom I have just referred led many
to overlook the value of his services. I belong
to the class of men who regard as erroneous
his decision declaring the fugitive-slave law to
be constitutional. I was one of those in my
youth who declared they never would submit
to it. To that extent I believed in " the higher
law.'' But, nevertheless, I am glad to bear
testimony to:day to the fact that among the
great lawyers who have sat on the supreme
bench of this nation no man had a higher
claim upon the gratitude of his country, either
for his services as a judge or his character as
a man, than this very Roger B. Taney.
Mr. Chairman, this miserable business of
paying the smallest salaries for which men
can be got for these judicial positions is not
true economy. As I said the other day, in
doing so we prey upon the ambition or the
patriotism of lawyers. This policy may work
for a time. But it is not just. It is not states-
manlike ; and cannot lead to good results.
The generation to follow us will, under this
policy, find fewer such lawyers as we ought to
have to fill these places on the bench. Be-
tween men competent for the place—some
with private fortunes and others without—we
can, indeed, now secure the services of the
men with private fortunes, inadequate as is
the pay for such services. But that limits the
selection of judges, if we would have the best
men for the place, to men with means. And
of these men there are comparatively few;
and they usually well advanced in years, who,
other things.being equal, are less desirable as
judges than younger men. But if Congress
paid decent salaries—I mean by decent sala-
ries decent with reference to the dignity and
importance of their position and the ability and
character they should command—the selection
for judicial office would not be thus limited.
And the money which may be saved by pay-
ing a niggardly rather than a just and liberal
return for judicial services is no compensation
for the loss to the public resulting from fail-
ing to obtain the most competent men, who,
for want of private fortunes, cannot now take
these places. 1 hope, therefore, that the House
will favor this amendment and all others 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I move to amend by striking out
" $58,500" and inserting "$49,500." It seems
to me, Mr. Chairman, that this business of
taking some unreasonably high salary and set-
ting it upas a reason for increasing every other
salary is about "played out." In the case of
these circuit judges the office was created and
the salary fixed when the expense of living
was much beyond what it is to-day ; and these
men crowded to get these places. This being
the fact, I submit there is no occasion for an
increase of salary. If we are to accept the
argument of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Potter] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. [Mr. Butler,] then we must pay
every office-holder under the Government such
a salary while he holds office that his family
may be able to live forever afterward without
working for a living, as most people have to
do. 1 think, Mr. Chairman, that we have
gone about far enough in this direction, and
that it is time to stop. We have held up
before us the cases of some half dozen officers
who get as much as or more than the judges
do : but those who use this argument omit to
tell us that these officers, instead of holding
their positions for life, may be removed at
any time. On the contrary, a United States
judge holds his position during life; and who
ever knew a judge to die until he had lived
beyond the period of life allotted to the rest
of mankind? I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, it will
not be possible for me, in the few moments
allotted to me, to enter into any considerable
discussion of the proposition now before the
committee; but I wish now and here to enter
my protest against any proposition to increase
sthe salary of anybody. Certainly there is no
reason of which I can conceive, and none has
been presented to the committee, why this
proposition should be adopted.
Sir, these judges whose salaries it is pro-
posed to increase have all been appointed.
They accepted office with the understanding
they were to have the salary now fixed by
law. Why should it be increased ? It is said
we ought to have gentlemen of great legal
ability and talent to fill these places. I agree
to that, but the places are filled. Will their
talents and attainments and abilities be im-
proved by increasing their salaries after they
have accepted appointments? And my friend
very properly inquires, will any one resign if
their salaries are not increased? Few die;
none resign. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, the salary now fixed by law
is higher than the salary in any State of this
Union, except, perhaps, a single one. Why
should judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States receive salaries more than twice
as large as the highest judges of the States?
Yet, sir, [ undertake to say the salaries now
provided by law for the circuit judges are almost
double the average salary paid to the judges
of the highest courts of the States of this
Union.
Mr. WINANS. Will my colleague let me
interrupt him ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. WINANS. Would it not be better to
increase the salaries of the State judges, instead
of reducing the salaries of the Federal judges
to the standard of State judges? I wish to
say that I regard judges, whether State or
national, as being the hardest-worked and the
poorest-paid officers in the country.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have
not asked that the salaries of national judges
shall be diminished. I do not know any Fed-
eral judges in this country. I do not know
any Federal Government. I know of a national
Government and judges of a national court. I
have not asked their salaries shall be reduced,
but I have only asked they shall not be in-
creased because they are sufficiently paid, and
because you get judges of the highest courts
of the States of equal ability for less pay.
I agree with my friend that judges work
hard like lawyers, and lawyers work hard,
live well, and die poor. So do judges gen-
erally ; but the Government has never yet
agreed to guaranty that lawyers or judges shall
die rich.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Bbtler]
says that Chief Justice Taney died poor, and
that his daughter is now asking for the priv-
ilege of copying papers in this city.
Mr. ARCHER. In answer to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, I wish to say that
this Administration turned that daughter out
of her employment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I know nothing about
that, or the other fact stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts ; but whether judges of
the Supreme Court on their salaries die poor
or not, there are some men in the country,
whatever salary you may give them, who will
still die poor.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether he does not know of
some other men who invested money in slaves
it and who died poor?
