1386
THE COJSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Btrated against it, because it would be so incon-
venient to their people, who wanted the records
and testimony in contested-land cases to be at
home in the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not turn them over
to the State authorities?
Mr. POMEROY. The United States do not
turn over the disposition of their public lands
to the States. We have just given to the State
of Ohio what was left of the public lands in
that State, fifty or sixty thousand acres, for
the State to administer; but the titles and
records as to those lands must be got from the
General Government; the General Govern-
ment never tarns them over to the States.
What I said about the new land districts
applies not to Illinois or Ohio. They are not
wanted there. The people of this country have
got out of Illinois and Ohio, and gone some-
where else. Men who live in Ohio and Illinois
think that because there are no public lands
for settlement in their States there are none
anywhere. Sir, this country has outgrown
those old States. We are building up on the
public lands States ot magnificent proportions,
that will eclipse both Ohio and Illinois ; and it
is there that we are having new land offices
opened; it is from there that the money comes
the two millions and over that we received last
year. ^ Not a^ dollar of it came from Ohio or
Illinois; but it came from the more remote
portions of the country, from those parts of
the continent to which the people from Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, as well as from New
England, are moving.
Mr. President, I insist upon it that the state-
ment I made is correct, that the business in
the General^ Land Office is increasing. The
fact that it is drying up in Ohio and Illinois
does not_ controvert the point that I make.
While it is drying up or diminishing there it
is being enlarged throughout the whole west-
ern portion of the continent—in California, in
the mountainous regions, even in -Utah. We
have given Utah a, surveyor general, and the
lands in that Territory are being surveyed with
unparalleled rapidity. We are going to settle
up the very heart ot this continent. When we
have such an immense public domain to admin-
ister upon we should have not only a land
bureau, but a land department. We should
administer upon these public lands with a view
to their settlement and development, with a
view to getting money for the Government out
or them; and with that view we should unlock
the very bowels of the mountaius and get at
the minerals that there lie hidden. Because
we have an immense public domain it is no
use to tie it up, or keep it to be run over by
Indians, or to shut out our railroads from it.
It is no use to make new land districts if we
tell the settler to go back when he gets there ;
that we shall not sell him land. That is a pol-
icy which would ruin any landlord who owns
land ; and it would be ruinous to the country.
Having such a vast public domain as we have,
the way to make it profitable is to use it, to
develop it., to settle it, to get out of it what
there is valuable in it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not go into this
land question, but I tliink it right to say that,
as one member of the Committee on Appro-
priations, I did not agree to this amendment
ottered by my friend from South Carolina. I
had the impression that the committee had
agreed to provide for the Secretary of the
interior, and that the bill did provide for him
in a different way, by enabling him to detail
assistance from some other branches of his
general Department. We thought, after hear-
ing all the explanations, that there might be
spared a sufficient force to put his own office
in order. After hearing what the Secretary
has said about it, having the highest possible
respect for his sincerity and his skill, I still
think he can get along by taking some clerks
from some of his branches without this in
crease of the force iu this form. I am sorry
to disagree with the majority of the commit-
tee, but I felt bound to do so.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope we shall have the
vote on this question.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from South Carolina from the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr, POMEROY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. The Secretary of the
Interior wants these clerks. Let us see
whether we shall give them to him or not.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to state, as one
of the members of the Committee on Appro-
priations, that I was not favorable to this prop-
osition. It is an intermediate auxiliary, or an
intermediate branch between the branches
already existing and the head of the Depart-
ment-. There are to be four heads of divis-
ions, in addition to the heads already estab-
lished.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have another objection
to it. If I had -supposed that any Senator here
would really think of passing it, I should have
debated it; but I did not suppose such a
proposition would be seriously urged. If there
be four heads of divisions at this increased
salary iu the Interior Department, how many
must there be in the Treasury Department?
Twenty-five at least. How many must there be
in the War Department and the Navy Depart-
ment? You have a chief clerk provided for
in each of these bureaus and in each Depart-
ment. There is a chief clerk in every bureau ;
there is a chief clerk in every Department;
and there are fourth-class clerks who are heads
of divisions and have been time out of mind.
The only effect of this amendment is to increase
the salary of these clerks from $1,800 to
$2,000. If the Secretary wants four addi-
tional clerks, I will give them ; but this creates
a new grade of offices, and must of course lead
to the duplication of the same grade in every
other Department of the Government.
Mr. HARLAN. How will the clause read
if it be amended as proposed ?
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the clause will then read :
Eot compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, four heads of divis-
ions at $2,000 each, five clerks of class four, (one of
whom may be designated by the Secretary to act as
superintendent of the building, who shall receive
$200 additional compensation per annum,) additional
to three disbursing clerks, threeclerks of class three,
four clorks of class two, and one clerk of class one,
one messenger, two assistant messengers at $720each,
and three laborers in his office; and the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized to detail four
clerks of the fourth class, from bureaus in the Depart-
ment, as heads of divisions in the office of the Sec-
retary; and in case of such detail such clerks shall
be paid $200 additional compensation each per annum
while so detailed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The proposition of the
Senator from South Carolina is in lieu of the
latter proposition of the committee, which was
to detail fourth-class clerks as representing
divisions in the Secretary's office.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire whether
this is intended to increase the number of
clerks in the Secretary's office proper?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The proposition of the
Senator from South Carolina is to increase.
The proposition of the committee originally
was not to increase the force in the Secretary's
office.
Mr. SAWYER. The committee proposed,
in the report which was first made with the
printed bill, to give to the Secretary of the
Interior the right to detail four clerks of the
fourth class from the bureaus in the Depart-
meiU to act as heads of divisions, with an
additional compensation of $200 each for
such service while so detailed. Since that
report was made the Secretary of the Interior,
in a letter which has been read this morning,
says that this will not be adequate to the wants
of the service ; that the bureaus have no more
clerks of the fourth class than are necessary at
their several posts, and that it will be impos
sible in practice to utilize any force in that
way; and therefore he asks for four heads of
division, who are new officers entirely.
Mr. HARLAN. It was applying to this
class of clerks the phrase "heads of divis-
ions" that confused" me. I think the designa-
tion is not a very apt one. The honorable
Senator from Rhode island has explained the
position of these clerks. There are appeals
constantly going up from the Land Office, for
example, to the Secretary of Interior, and
there is a clerk appointed to take chaigy of
all these papers and prepare them for tire Sec
retary before he acts upon them. Of course
he needs a gentleman of some capacity. He
usually details a lawyer, a man of legal train-
ing, to take hold of these papers and prepare
them for the action of the head of the Depart-
ment, and he may have an assistant or tsvo.
The same is true in relation to business that
goes up to the Secretary from the Indian Office,
and also from the Pension Office, and prob-
ably from the Patent Office, and the Census
Office. I never heard them designated as
"heads of divisions." They are not properly
heads of divisions. A clerk who is at tiie
head of a division is a clerk who supervises a
gang of clerks—ten, fifteen, or twenty. Iu ail
the bureaus of this Department—and I sup-
pose it is so in the other Departments—there
are what are called heads of divisions, who
have the supervision of a considerable num-
ber of desks; who take an oversight of the
work of a number of other clerks. They are
called heads of divisions. Those in the Sec-
retary's office proper have never been desig-
nated by that name. If the Secretary needs
an additional force in his office proper, which
I think is quite probable, it seems to me it
would be better to make it read "four addi-
tional clerks, with a salary of $2,000 each."
Mr. POMEROY. I think that would be
better.
Mr. SAWYER. The language of the amend-
ment is that of the Secretary.
• Mr. TRUMBULL. None of the clerks, gut
$2,000.
Mr. HARLAN. None are entitled to that
salary but chief clerks of bureaus. But I am
inclined to think that $2,000 would not be too
much for those few clerks who are intermedi-
ate between the Secretary and the heads of
bureaus, who prepare ail the papers for the
action of the head of the Department. Of
course, every one knows that the Secretary
cannot read with his own eyes the vast piles
of papers that come to him from the bureaus
for his revision. I think the phraseology I have
suggested would be better than the phraseology
contained in the amendment proposed by the
Honorable Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not my phraseology ;
it is the phraseology of the Secretary of the
Interior himself.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to substitute the
phrase the Senator from Iowa uses. I move
to strike out '.'heads of divisions" and inserr
"additional clerks."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SAWYER. That modifi cation being
made, there is another change which will have
to be made; and that is that the salary be made
to correspond with that of the same class of
clerks. \V e have not anybody but chief clerks
of bureaus, who get $2,000. It would be bet-
ter to say, '* four clerks of the fourth class.'
Mr._ HARLAN. Fourrh-el ass clerks re-
ceive $1,800; and I supposed that it was the
intention of the committee to give these clerks
a r.ite of pay a little additional.
