1871.
THE CON(xJIESSIONA.L GLOBE.
561
or that we must place them in such a position
as to secure their honesty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I now ask for a vote, and
that debate may be considered as closed.
Mr. ROGERS. I object; I want to move
an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will not treat this
matter with levity.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to have read an
extract from the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment so that it will read "for nine circuit
judges to reside in circuit, $5,600 each; in
all, $49,500."
Mr. DAWES. My colleague [Mr. Butler]
and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pot-
, ter] have alluded to the remarkable case of
the late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States. I trust this question is not
to fee decided by exceptional cases; that that
was an exceptional case is very evident from
the fact that a point was made on it by my
colleague, and by the gentleman from New
York, who selected that case from out of the
whole history of the judiciary of the United
States. There are exceptional cases in every
walk in life as marked as that one was.
My colleague knows that the faiftily of the
greatest statesman who ever lived, not only in
this country but in every other, was left in as
sad a state as that which has attended the
family of any other man in any other walk in
life. I have a colleague who has adorned his
calling through along life of industry, who has
carried larger loads upon his shoulders and
worked out greater problems in the develop-
ment of the resources and the power of this
country than any other man connected with
any material interest or enterprise in the whole
United States. And yet by the turning of the
wheel of fortune it may be that it will be told
of his children as of the children of the late
Chief Justice of the United States. And yet,
sir, is that any reason why we should raise the
compensation of members of this House or the
compensation of the members of the Senate?
This is a question to be decided, not by indi-
vidual and exceptional cases, but by a broad
view of the whole question in relation to all
the affairs of life, and of the administration of
all the departments. Can we afford in this
country, under our system of government, to
pay higher salaries than we are paying? Is
there any means by which we can sustain our-
selves before the country if we attempt to
measure the salaries of our judges, in an hon-
orable position for life, with the uncertain fees
and rewards of distinguished lawyers? Is it
proper for us to compare their compensation
with the uncertain yet responsible position of a
marshal for a day, a week, or a month? The
office of a judge is a life office, an office the
compensation of which must be made certain
according to the genius of our institutions, not
by that of the English judicature. And yet in
England there is the same great inequality
between the compensation of the judges and
the fees and emoluments of the lawyers who
practice at the bar.
No such rule as that should obtain. Let us
decide this question calmly, not with levity;
let us not be carried away with a desire to
show our regard for the judiciary by voting
high salaries to the judges. Sir, they do not
depend for either their permanence, their use-
fulness, or their honor upon the measure of
their salary or the amount which we have
proposed to vote them in an appropriation bill
from year to year. Sir, that depends upon a
broader, firmer foundation, the confidence and
reverence of the people. There let it rest.
That is the secret of the desire in every law-
yer's breast to crown his labors, at some time
or other, with the honor of judicial office.
That is why a lawyer seeks, at some time in
his life, to terminate his arduous duties in the
repose of the bench. And with that feeling
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 36.
there is no need, iu order to obtain the best
talent of the country, to hold out the tempting
bait of a great salary, to be ended off with a
life pension.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is now only about a
year and a half since the law was passed cre-
ating the nine judges for whose salaries we are
now called upon to appropriate money, and
fixing their compensation at $5,000 a year
each. The law was fully discussed in this
House, as it was discussed in the Senate, and
it was passed only after full deliberation, both
in committee and in the two Houses of Con-
gress. We all know that upon the passage
of the bill every avenue to the White House
was besieged by applicants from every part
of the country, and in many instances by the
friends of the most distinguished lawyers in
the country, asking for appointment to these
places. And yet those judges have not become
fairly seated before their friends come to Con-
gress and ask that, in consideration of the
onerous duties that are about to be devolved
upon them, their salaries shall be increased
from $5,000 to $6,500 a year.
How do gentlemen know that the duties of
t'hese judges will be so very onerous as they
have been represented on this floor? Perhaps
it is true ; perhaps it is not; but, whether it is
true or not, these judges accepted their offices
with the knowledge of the facts staring them
in the face and the law fixing their pay written
in the statute-books.
We are told that the salaries of these judges
compare unfavorably with the salaries paid to
judges of the State courts. But gentlemen,
when they argue in that way, overlook this
important fact: most of the judges of the State
courts, as we all know, hold their offices for a
limited term, rarely exceeding six years, and
they are dependent upon the will of the people,
and often upon the will of a political party, for
reelection. They hold their offices by an un-
certain tenure, there being in no case any pro-
vision for a pension in their declining years
after their heads have whitened for the grave.
Unlike the judges of the Federal courts, they
have not a life estate in the offices which they
hold. Hence it is necessary perhaps that their
salaries should be larger in proportion than the
salaries of the Federal judges.
But we are told that the salaries of these
judges compare unfavorably with those of other
officers. Do not gentlemen know very well
that the present Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States left the office of
Secretary of the Treasury, the salary of which
was $8,000, and afterward accepted that of
Chief Justice at $6,500? Gentlemen well know
this is fact. They know, further, that within
the last month one of the Senators in the Con-
gress of the United States, receiving a salary
of $5,000 a year, has resigned his place to
accept a judgeship with a salary of $4,000.
We know, further, that whenever a vacancy
occurs in any of these judgeships numbers of
individuals, comprising the best legal talent
in the whole land, are seeking them in person
or through their friends. Every means known
to the politician is used to secure appointments
to the bench of the supreme and the inferior
courts. This shows conclusively that the salary
is not the chief inducement for accepting these
positions ; that the low compensation which
gentlemen say is paid to these officers does not
in any respect deter the parties applying for
these places.
My distinguished friend from New York
[Mr. Potter] gives the country the benefit
of his services for $5,000 a year, the amount
paid to these circuit judges. We have every
reason to congratulate ourselves on Lhis fact,
ftir I believe his constituents have done them-
selves honor in reelecting him. If $5,000_ a
year is sufficient compensation for such dis-
tinguished services as he renders the country,
I ask whether it is not reasonable to suppose
that the same amount may be a fair salary for
the judge performing duty in the district or
circuit where the gentfeman resides, and who
holds his office for life, while the term, of ser-
vice of my distinguished friend is only two
years ?
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri entirely fails to take into consideration
that material part of my compensation which
arises from my privilege of associating here
with him and the other statesman on his side
of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, I oppose
the amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Arm-
strong.] I wish to state one reason why these
judicial officers are the last class whose sala-
ries I would vote to increase. If we make a
mistake here it never can be remedied. The
Constitution provides that the salaries of these
judges shall not be diminished while they
continue in office, and they hold their offices
for life. It is scarcely probable that, in case
of vacancies, we should have for the new
appointees a different rate of pay from that
received by their associates in judicial service
performing the same duty. I am, therefore,
opposed to this proposed increase of salary
unless there is a clear and evident necessity
for it.
I am perfectly willing to cooperate with my
colleague in an effort to equalize the salaries
of the officers of this Government. I agree
with him that these salaries are now unequal.
Some officers receive compensation which is
too high, and, in my opinion, these judicial
officers are among the number. On the other
hand, very many officers are paid too little ;
and this class includes many who work every
day in the year, who have scarcely any time
which they can call their own. Some of the
officers of the country receive more. If they
receive too much, when we come to that part
of the appropriation bill an amendment may
be offered making the reduction to whatever
extent may be desired. I hops this amend-
ment will be rejected.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
close debate.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Rogers ; and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Armstrong.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 04, noes 102.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to
the tenth circuit for attending session of the Supreme
Court of the United States, $1,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out all after
the word "the" in the twelve hundred and forty-
second line down to the word "one "in line
twelve hundred and forty-three, as follows :
"Supreme Court of the United States" and
in lieu thereof to insert '* circuit judge of the
ninth circuit court." Mr. Chairman, that
paragraph was originally attached to the office
of the judge of the Supreme Court who resided
in California because be had so much travel-
ing to do in that circuit. We have raised
their salaries $'2,000, while the duty of holding
the circuit court devolves on the circuit judge,
who should have the compensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries of the district judges of the United
States, $175,500.
Mr. IlOGEPtS. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out "$175,000" and in lieu thereof to
insert " $255,000." I only wish to say a word in
explanation of this amendment. It increases
the appropriation from $175,000 to $2a5,000,
which will give each district judge $5,000. A t
present they get in some of the States $5,000,
while in others they receive $4,000, and in
others $3,500. In my own State the salary is
