1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February* 18,
legislation of this character, because if we do
it in one instance we cannot refuse justly, if
we treat each other all. alike) to do it in all
instances; and I hope my friend will not insist
npon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
/rom Oregon insist on the amendment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I see no objection in the
world to it. Here are provisions in this bill
relating to the Mint of the United States, and
here is a provision that concerns the Mint, and
it is entirely appropriate to the bill; and if it
be aproposition to which there is no objection,
then, of course, it may very properly be incor-
porated in the bill. Where there is a great
contested question involved in legislation, of
course I should not insist upon having it put
into an appropriation bill; but where there is
a proposition to which there can be no reason-
able objection, it seems to mo it ought to be
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will not introduce this question again.
He has had the benefit of a long contest over
it. The present rate of charge is one half of
one per cent, i nstead of one fifth, as he proposes
to make it. After full debate and full consid-
eration the Committee on Finance thought it
was better to put the amount at the exact cost
of coining, three tenths of one per cent., which
was said by the officers of the Government to
be about the cost. However, the Senate, by a
chise vote, struck out the coinage charge in the
mint bill entirely. The bill went to the House,
and it is there in committee. I am still in
hopes that that bill will pass. I am informed,
but not in such a way as to state positively,
that the House committee have agreed to re-
store the coinage charge, but putting it at one
fourth of one per cent. I do not know whether
that is so or not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have heard nothing of
that kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was informed by some
one who is a friend of the measure that they
have put in the charge at one fourth of one
per cent.
At any rate this proposition ought not to be
in this bill, and I again beg Senators to remem-
ber that this bill is already loaded down with
all kinds of propositions. I eould point them
out, but I do not desire to do so, where there
are increased salaries given even to Our own
employes by a mere increase of appropria-
tions. There are many things of that kind in
it that I do not want to say anything about;
but 1 hope the bill will not be further loaded
down. The bill came to us from the House
with many provisions that changed the exist-
ing law in such a way that no one but a person
familiar with our system would know what
changes were made. I hope, therefore, that
the Senator will allow this question, which has
been once discussed, to stand on the general
bill which passed through the Senate. He had
his day in court; he was heard, and carried
the measure so far as the Senate was con-
cerned. I think it will only introduce a new
question in the Committee on Appropriations
of the House that they will have to discuss. I
have no special feeling about it, but I shall
certainly vote against the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
fiom Oregon, unless he withdraws it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will let the Senate vote
upon it. 1 do not propose to discuss it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose the following
amendment as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further encuted, That from and after the
1st day or January, A. iX 1871, the annual salaries
ot tlie_ Seel etariet?, and also the Comptrol-
lers, the llegistcr, tho Auditors, the Commissioner
of Custom", aval tlio supervising architect of the
Treasury )3et>;irtment; tho Assistant Postmasters
Qeneiai 01 the Post Office Department; the Corn-
inis&ioner ot tho Land UtHco, the Commissioner of
Pensions, and the Ooir_ni,staler (f Indian Aifairs,
ot the Interior Dci iUuiunt, shall bo $4,SOU. And
that such sum a  ia neces&aiy to carry into effect the
provisions of this section is hereby appropriated out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to know whether
that amendment is within the appropriations
that have been recommended by the heads of
Departments?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
inquire of the Senator from Oregon whether
this amendment has been presented and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It has been. It was re-
ported from the Committee on Finance and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is in
order within the rule. It comes from the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I hope this
amendment will not be attached to this bill.
It is one of those propositions that ought to be
considered by themselves. We have, through
this bill, been making appropriations, I be-
lieve, for all the officers contemplated by the
amendment; and as they do not vary much,
I think the law had better be left as it is at
present; at all events, that this proposition be
considered separately and distinctly from an
appropriation bill. It certainly will have a
tendency to load down the bill. It increases
salaries.
We have heard from the Senator from Ohio
that there has been some increase of salaries
in this bill. I think, however, his remark was
a little too sweeping. There may be inadvert-
ently some slight increase of salaries in a very
few instances; but as a general thing the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have been opposed
to anything of that sort. They have tried to
prevent that very thing, and I hope we shall
have the support of the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Finance in opposi-
tion to this proposition. I do not know now,
from any calculations made, how much it would
increase the entire amount appropriated for
these several officers in the bill, but I presume
a very considerable amount.
The rate of pay that is provided for these
officers by law, which is fixed in many differ-
ent laws, has grown up through a long series
of years, and has been gauged, I presume,
pretty much in accordance with the merits of
the several officers. From time to time, where
it appeared upon arguments and statements
in regard to the services of the head of a
particular bureau that his salary should be
increased, Congress has increased it. But in
other instances where there seemed to be no
necessity for an increase, there has been no
attention given to it, and perhaps 110 applica-
tion on the part of the officer for an increase of
his salary. This is the case with many of them,
no doubt; and so the salaries have become
graded,'as it were, and fixed for the several
officers in accordance with the merits of each.
Now, the proposition to raise all these sal-
aries to the same level, without any regard to
the amount of service that is exacted of each,
is a proposition which I hope will not meet
with approval, particularly at this time. I
hope it will not be attached to an appropria-
tion bill at the very end of its consideration,
when there is certainly not time to give it due
consideration. It is a subject that should
receive more careful attention than it can
possibly receive at this late stage of the ses-
sion. Let it be brought up as a separate
proposition at the next session, and then the
appropriation bill next year can make pro-
vision for the payment, if Congress should
agree by such a law to fix the salaries at
these higher rates. Some of them are now at
the rate prescribed by this amendment; I do
not know exactly how many, but quite a num-
ber of them are at that rate, others are very
considerably lower; I think some of them are
even higher. I will ask the Senator who intro-
duced the amendment if some of the salaries
are not even higher than the salaries prescribed
by his amendment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Only one, I believe.
Mr. COLE. A few of them, one, perhaps,
or more, are even higher than the amounts
specified ia this amendment. Now, without
any demand that I can see for this change, 1
hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to take
time to discuss this question. It is a question
that has been repeatedly considered in the
Senate, and more than once this proposition
substantially has passed the Senate. It is a
proposition that will command the assent of
every intelligent person who knows anything
about the circumstances of the case. Various
persons here are employed as heads of bu-
reaus, having great responsibilities resting
upon them—Comptrollers, Auditors, Commis-
sioners, and others—and they are paid §2,01)0
or $3,000 per annum, some of them little more
than the clerks under them receive. Tins is
a proposition to put them upon an equal foot-
ing and to raise their salaries to $4,500 per
annum. It is a reasonable and just proposi-
tion ; and where men are engaged as are the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the First and
Second Comptrollers, the Auditors, and per-
sons of that description, who disehujflje great
responsibilities, who pass upon questions in-
volving millions of dollars in money or prop-
erty, it seems tome such men ought to be paid
something like a reasonable compensation lor
their services. There is not a Senator who
does not know that these men are entitled to
receive the amount specified in this amend-
ment if they are entitled to receive one cent
at the hands of the Government. It is a dis-
grace to the Government of the United Stares
that men are compelled to bear such lesjjonsi-
bilities and discharge such onerous duties for
such a miserable and beggarly condensation
as is paid under existing laws.
It seems to me there is no necessity for time
to consider this question. It is a matter 11 .i
has been discussed here time and again, witu
which every Senator is familiar, and upon which
every Senator, I have 110 doubt, is prepared to
vote. If Senators think that this proposition
is correct and right and just, here is the pi oper
place to put it; and I do not intend to alio "
a proposition of this kind, when similar propo-
sitions have been incorporated in tins bill, 10
be put down by the suggestion that it is in the
nature of general legislation. I say that tan
bill is the proper place for this amendment, in
it is similar to other amendments tnat have
been adopted; and if it be correct in itself
there is no reason why it should not bo ap-
proved by the Senate, and I hope it v.-ill be
adopted. There is no necessity for taking time
about it. Every Senator knows what tnese men
now receive; every Senator is familiar with
their duties and their responsibilities ; and
every Senator can see that this proposition will
only give to them something like a fair an I
reasonable compensation for their services.
Mr. YATES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " and the Commissioner of
Agriculture/'
Mr. SHERMAN. What does he get now ?
Does he not receive this amount?
Mr. YATES. Oh, 110; $3,000, I under-
stand.
Mr. MORTON. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. The offices of Assistant Sec-
retary, Assistant Postmaster General, Com-
missioner of the General Land Oiiice, and
Commissioner of Indian AiTairs, and the other
offices named require men of superior ability,
not simply clerical ability. A man may be a
good clerk and not be able to perform tho
duties of these offices at all. They require
men of superior ability. The responsibility is
great, and they ought to have something like
an adequate, salary. Several of the gem.erne.1
who occupy these positions have told i:: , : 1
I am satisfied they told me the truth, that ihi ir
salaries do not meet their expends. A v.a
1 should have something for his laoor s
