2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object, the.
other matter not losing its place.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
snndry civil appropriation bill was passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
moved to reconsider the vote by which the bill
' was read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I now move to reconsider the
vote adopting the amendment inserting the
clause on page 15, commencing with line three
hundred and fifty-seven and ending at line three
hundred and sixty-one. This clause is in the
appropriations for the Columbia Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb :
Eor providing for payments falling due on or
before July 1,1871, on the purchase by the institu-
tion of the estate known as Kendall Green, $21,075.
I move to reconsider the vote by which that
item was inserted.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Tlie_ ques-
tion recurs oil the amendment proposing to
insert this clause.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
DUTY ON COAL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The joint
resolution (H. It. No. 521) repealing duty on
coal is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and the Senator from West Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Iask the Senator from
West Virginia to yield to me, that I may put
on its passage 
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. Ishall object to any bill
being taken up until this is disposed of.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There will be endless
discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No matter whether it is
discussed or not, we have an important meas-
ure before us, and let us act on it. If one mat-
ter comes in, another will. Let me say to my
friend from South Carolina that there are twenty
Senators here asking the same favor, and when
it is done for one, it must be done for another.
If this practice once commences it cannot be
stopped. Let us adhere to one thing at a
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to take up the bill referred
to by the Senator from South Carolina, unless
there be a motion made and carried to post-
pone the pending order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I make that motion, to
postpon#it for the purpose of taking up the bill
(II. R. No. 1596) for the relief of the Sisters
of our Lady of Mercy of Charleston, South
Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from West Virginia give way for that
motion?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes-, sir.
_ The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
not allow to be set aside this important meas-
ure, that repeals the duty on coal, for the pur-
pose of taking up a private matter at Charles-
ton.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It will not take five
minutes to pass the bill; I only ask for a vote;
I do not want to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope my colleague will
withdraw that motion until after the present
bill is disposed of. We can pass it afterward,
I think.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I only wish a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot have a vote
on everything at once. I hope the Senator
will not press that now.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the motion
temporarily.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. PRATT. I ask the Senator from West
Virginia to yield to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from West Virginia give way to the
Senator from Indiana?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to his giving
way. If he gives way at all, ha must lose the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator can give way in order to enable the Sen-
ator from Indiana to ask the unanimous con-
sstifc hs s6pks
Mr. TRUMBULL. But he will not be enti-
tled to the floor afterward. I object to his
farming out the floor. He cannot resume the
floor afterward, unless lie gets it in preference
to others.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is the
most usual thing in the world that a gentleman
yields the floor. It is done every day. It is
extraordinary to make an objection to it,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It cannot be done with-
out unanimous consent, and I object to it.
Now, if the intention is to take up time by a
Senator getting the floor and giving way first
to A and then to B and so on, I am sorry that
my friend from Indiana will undertake to inter-
pose in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
decided again and again that if a Senator gives
way he cannot give way conditionally-. He
must give way altogether or not give way at
all.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to make a brief reply
to my friend from Illinois. I am entirely
friendly to the measure under consideration.
I expect to vote, if I have the opportunity, to
repeal the duty on coal; but the Senator must
perceive that there is a disposition, not to be
mistaken, to defeat this measure by talking
against time, anditis utterly hopeless to expect
to carry it against the opposition of the Sen-
ator from West Virginia, the Senators from
Maryland, and several other Senators here.
Now, I propose to do something practical.
There are certain bills here from the other
House that have been on the Calendar for
weeks and for months that must fail unless
they pass before to-day at twelve o'clock.
Many of thein are cases of very great merit.
We might very easily during the remainder of
the night pass fifteen or twenty of these bills.
I hold in my hand a bill of very great merit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, is it in
order to discuss other bills ?
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, if it be neces-
sary, in order to enable me to say what I wish
to say, I make a formal motion to postpone
the pending and all, previous orders for the
purpose of taking up House bill No. 2057, the
title of which is "An act for the relief of David
L. Wright, late captain company E, fifty-first
regiment Indiana volunteers."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has already decided that if the Senator from
West Virginia gives way he gives way entirely.
Having done 'that, it is in order for the Sen-
ator from Indiana who has obtained the floor
to move to postpone the pending order, and
therefore the motion is in order. But if the
Senator from West Virginia does not intend
to give up the floor, this is not in order.
Mr. BOREMAN. I merely wish to make
a word of explanation. I am willing to yield
the floor; but it would seem from the remark
made by the Senator from Illinois as if there
was some understanding in regard to this mat-
ter. There is nothing of the kind. It has
been a courtesy, as I understand, heretofore,
whenever any Senator is on the floor and is
interrupted, that he yields to see what is to
take place. I know nothing about these bills
that those who are up are interrupting me
about. There is no understanding of thatsort,
no disposition on my part. I feel a deep in-
terest in the subject that is before the Senate,
and I want to be heard on it at the proper
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Senator
from West Virginia is quite right in saying that
the courtesy of the Senate has allowed a Sen-
ator to give way for the purpose of such a mo-
tion as that of'the Senator from Indiana, and
then allowed him to resume the floor if that
motion was not agreed to; but if the strict rule
is insisted upon, as I understand it is by the
Senator from Illinois, the Chair must decide
that if the Senator gives way in ord&r that a
motion may be made he loses the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. And I want to remind
the Senator of the fourth rule, which is that no
Senator can speak more than twice.
Mr. PRATT. Havel the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does tho
Senator from West Virginia give up the floor?
Mr. BOREMAN. I yield for the present.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow me
to make one remark. I wish to ask what the
honorable Senator from Kansas said when he
took his seat?
Mr. POMEROY. Under the fourth rule of
the Senate no Senator can speak more than
twice in one debate ; and if the Senator from
West Virginia yields the floor now, as he has
already spoken twice since this debate com-
menced, he yields it entirely, and under tho
rules of the Senate he cannot expect to speak
again.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Does the
Senator from Kansas say that the Senator from
West Virginia has already spoken twice on
this question ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly he has.
Mr. NYE. He can move an amendment
and speak again.
Mr. BOREMAN. If the usual course which
has heretofore been pursued is to be changed
now, and the strict rule enforced on me, of
course I shall have to surrender the floor. I
yield to the Senator from Indiana, and submit
to the rules, whatever they are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from West Virginia
that there has been no change in the rule. By
the courtesy of the Senate a Senator has been
permitted to yield the floor for such a motion,
retaining his right to the floor; but whenever it
has been insisted upon that he has yielded it
entirely, such has been the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shail not enforce
the rule so strictly.
Mr. PRATT. Now, Mr. President, if I am
entitled to the floor 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from West Virginia yields the floor the
Chair recognizes the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. PRATT. I renew my motion to take
up, first, this bill, and after this is disposed of
I propose to call up another next in order, a
bill for the relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood.
This bill, Mr. President, was reported some
time since from the Committee on Claims by
my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Kellogo,]
whose attention I wish to attract. It is a bill
of very great merit; it takes but a very small
sum out of the Treasury ; it goes to a most
gallant officer in our State; it pays him  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Indiana that he
cannot discuss the merits of a bill on the motion
to take it up.
Mr. PRATT. Then I will simply call the
attention of the Senate to the title of the bill:
"A bill for the relief of David L. Wright, late
captain company E, fifty-first regiment Indiana
volunteers." I ask the consent of the Senate
that this bill may now be taken up and put
upon its passage. I move to set aside the pend-
ing and all previous orders for the purpose oi
taking up this bill.
