1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of the evil which arises in the administration
of the Government attributable directly to the
fact that you are obliged to select men from a
class from which if the salaries were made
adequate to the duties to be performed you
would not be obliged to select them?
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow
me one moment? I am seeking information
and I do not quite understand this argument,
i 'near one Senator argue that this should be
done because the grade of men holding these
places is so much above the pay now pre-
scribed for them ; that they are such excellent
men and they earn so much more. I hear my
friend now arguing that the rate of compen-
sation isso very low that we are notable to get
good men. I submit that both these things
can hardly be true.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not say that the men
now fiiling these places are not good men.
Mr. CONKLING. Then how docs the Sen-
ator apply his argument?
Mr. SAWYER. But I do say this: that
adequate salaries for the duties would com-
mand better men than fill some of those places.
In one instance I happen to know of an officer
who is getting less than $3,000 a year under
the Government who had an offer of $5,000
a year permanently to go into a private sit-
uation, which he expects to accept in a few
weeks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why does he not accept
it now ?
Mr. SAWYER. Simply because he con-
siders that he has some obligations to the
position he holds.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to state to the Sen-
ate that I concur entirely with what has been
said by the Senator from Vermont, and I had
intended to amplify the very propositions that
he has presented to the Senate. But there is
one thing that I do not understand. In very
many instances where the people petition us
for the enactment of certain laws, or the modi-
fication of laws, we do not feel that under the
circumstances, and with perhaps a superior
knowledge on the subject, it is right and proper
that at the present time the prayerofthe people
should be granted. I find, however, that in
our legislation very frequently we are appar-
ently willing to do that for which the people
have uttered 110 single word. They are not
troubling us very specially with numerous peti-
tions asking us to commence to modify the
salaries of the officers of the Government by
beginning with those who receive the larger
pay and leaving those who are receiving minor
pay until some other occasion when we may
be able to meet the emergency. I would have
Senators remember, therefore, that there is no
pressure whatever from the people on this sub-
ject, and they will sustain us very heartily if
we refuse to raise the higher salaries at the
present time when we are not able to touch
the lower ones and level them all up together.
In your private business you would not attempt
to increase salaries upon this basis. You would
try and ascertain first what is absolutely neces-
sary for your operatives in every and in all
capacities as to their expense of living; and
after you had established the first salaries on
a proper basis (and in that you would include
an examination of all the expenses of the par-
ties) you would pay attention to superior talent
and superior requirements; but you would
commence at the bottom and level upward. I
shall therefore vote against all these amend-
ments and against the original proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mob-
kill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The question
is on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Illinois, to insert "the
Commissioner of Agriculture," upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not. intend to ask
for the yeas and nays on that question. If
we are to increase these salaries theio is no
person for whom I would vote an increase
jnose cheerfully than the Commissioner of
Agriculture. Therefore, I ask that the call
for the yeas and nays may be withdrawn upon
that amendment to the amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent the call for the yeas and nays
will be withdrawn. The amendment to the
amendment is adopted; and the question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon as amended.
Mr. COLE. I am very much opposed to
this amendment; but, in the apprehension that
it may pass, I wish to move an amendment to
it which will make it more harmonious and
consistent with the rest of the bill. I observe
that it reads in the third line that this in-
crease shall commence "from and after the
1st day of January, A. D. 1871." I submit
that it should be " from and after the 1st day
of July, 1871;" and I move that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I hardly know
what I can say in addition to what I have
already said on this subject. Senators have
found considerable fault with the raising of
salaries in this bill. The subject has been
mentioned a number of times during the de-
bate, and fault has been found by those who
are now, as I understand it, most active in
urging this amendment. Before I take my
seat I should like to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that these offices are now
as well filled as they ever were, probably as
well filled as they would be if the salaries were
raised. If Senators can point out a single
one of the officers to be affected by this amend-
ment who is not competent to fill the office, or
any office that would be better filled if this
increase of salary were granted, I should like
him to do so. I do not suppose that it will
result in any changes in these offices. I sup-
pose they will remain filled after the increase
of salary as they are now, and that after the
term of office of the present incumbents ex-
pires they will be no better filled than they
are at the present time.
From time to time, wherever it appeared to
Congress that a salary was inadequate, unequal
to the services performed, unequal to the
ability and skill of the person occupying the
office, they have, I believe, in every instance
separately afforded relief, as in the instance
of the officer who has been alluded to, the
First Comptroller. He receives a salary of
$5,000. That salary was provided for him in
view of the fact that the Government could but
ill dispense with his services, and that he could
get compensation to that amount elsewhere.
The Government was anxious to retain his
services. Is there any other case of that kind ?
If Senators can point out any other case of the
kind, if they can point to any one of these
officers and show that his salary is inadequate,
I will go with the Senator in raising the salary
of that office; but unless there can be some-
thing shown as a basis of this increase, except
the general argument in favor of raising them
all, I hold that it would be improper to do it
at this time, and more improper to put it on
this bill after the fact that the salaries pro-
vided by law for all these officers are fixed in
this bill, and if this amendment is adopted it
will disjoint the whole and render every part
of it inconsistent. The salaries through the
bill have been fixed in accordance with the
existing laws, and those laws have been made
to meet emergencies. Why make this com-
plete and sweeping change all at once? It
seems tome the impropriety of it must present
itself to every Senator.
Mr. YATES. I have but a few words to say
in reply to the Senator from California, and in
reply to other arguments which have been ad-
vanced against the increase of these salaries.
These Senators would gauge the salaries ac-
cording to the amount of labor performed ;
but, sir, that has not been the practice of the
Government. We did not set out upon that
system when the Government was organized.
I presume the President of the United States
does not perform more labor than the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; perhaps not as much;
perhaps not half as much. He does not per-
form more labor than any other head of a
Department of the Government,; and yet his
salary is treble that of any head of a Depart-
ment. His salary is $25,000 per annum.
But, sir, T rose simply to say thattha officers
whose salaries it is now proposed to increase
are high and important officers. They hold
responsible offices. Shall we bring the head
of a bureau in his compensation to the mere
grade of a clerk ? Is that befitting the re-
sponsibility and the dignity of his position as
the head of a bureau? Not at all. Through
these bureaus nearly all the important business
of the country is transacted in all its interests,
agriculture, trade, finance, commerce. Those
interests must pass under the adjustment and
jurisdiction of these bureaus. We constantly
want the reports ofthe heads of these bureaus
laid before ns, printed, upon our tables, as
guides to us in our legislation. Then we want
men of ability at the head of these bureaus ;
men of experience ; men upon whose sugges-
tions we may rely when we are in need of in-
formation. This being the case. I take it the
argument of the Senator from California and
the arguments advanced by others to the same
effect are fully answered. While I advocate
the utmost economy, I say that we ought not
to hesitate for a moment to grant the increase
of salary which is now proposed to he given to
the high officers mentioned in the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, the best
rule, I think, on this subject, is to ascertain
whether we get the offices properly filled. If
it can be shown that these offices are not prop
erly filled at the present time, and that by in-
creasing the salaries, as contemplated by this
amendment, we shall get more dignified per-
sons to fill them, or persons possessing higher
qualifications, or that their reports will be any
better, or that there will be any higher respons-
ibility incurred by these persons, then I am
willing to support it. But, sir. there is about
as much responsibility, as much labor, and as
much good to the country done by the clerks
in the different Departments as by these per-
sons. They are equally as highly qualified for
giving us information and discharging their
duties as the persons who fill the higher por-
tions. Under the present circumstances, lean-
not perceive a solitary argument in favor of
increasing these salaries. The present sala-
ries command the best services that the coun-
try affords; and if they did not do it, what
evidence have you that you would hare any
change in these Departments, or that you
would get any higher qualifications by changing
the salaries? Not the slightest. Under the
present circumstances, when the business of
the country is so much depressed, I do not
think it proper to weigh down the country raid
impose additional burdens on those who "have
to work to pav these high salaries.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senar jr u-.irn
Oregon as amended.
The question being put, it was declared thai
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for iheytas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. That we may vote fairly
on this proposition I desire to suggest au
amendment, to which I presnni" il.eic will be
no objection before the vote is taken. lam
against the amendment myself, and .-anil vote
against it; but if all those oiher oiiicers are
raised nobody should be invidiously exclu-
ded. Therefore I move to add the Superin-
tendent oL* Public Printing to the list as it
stands.
Mr. FENTON. I hope he will be added.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 ant going to vote
against all of them, but there is no reason why
he should be excluded.
