1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
Mr. SHI3RJJAN. What does he get now?
Rlr. CONKL1NG. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. MORTON. He ought to get this in-
Cl'P&SO
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York to the amendment, to insert " the
Congressional Printer."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment as amend-
ed ; on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Fenton,
Harlan, Hill, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Pool, Kamsey, Rice, Boss,
Sawyer, Spencer, Thayer, Warner, Williams, and
Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin. Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Nye,
Osborn, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Tipton, Trumbull, Yickers, Willey, and Wil-
son—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Blair, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Cattell, Corbett, Ferry, Hamilton
of Alary land, Harris, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Patterson. Pomeroy, Bevels, Schurz, Scott. Sherman,
Sprague, Stearns, Sumner, and Thurman—23.
So the amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr WILLEY. Yesterday an amendment was
made on page 39, which, on consultation with
the acting Commissioner of Patents, I desire to
transfer from that page to page 10, making
a little modification as to the act referred to.
I send up the form in which I desire to trans-
fer it. The proviso on page 39 I wish to come
in at the end of line two hundred and eighteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that change will be made. It will
be reported
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed, on page
10, after the amendment agreed to at the end
of line two hundred and eighteen, to insert:
Provided. That if, in the judgment of the joint
CV mittee on Printing, this work can be performed
under the direction of the Commissioner of Patents
more advantageously than in the manner provided
in said joint resolution, it shall be so done: And
provided further. That the price of the printed copies
of specifications and drawings of patents, when un-
certified, shall be determined by the Commissioner
of Patents, ten cents being hereby fixed as the mini-
mum and fifty cents as the maximum price of the
same; certified copies to be sold at the price fixed
by the patent act of 1870.
Mr. COLE. It is a mere transfer.
Mr. WILLEY. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The trans-
fer will be made, no objection being made.
Mr. WILLEY. Since the passage of the
patent act of 1870 there is a large accumu-
lation of trade-marks, under the operation of
that act in the Patent Office, for which a mod-
erate fee is charged, and the receipts since the
passage of that act last summer already have
amounted to $5,800 and some cents. It is a
very considerable business and takes a good
deal of time and attention, and I am informed
by the acting Commissioner of Patents that it
is necessary in point of fact that there should
be a clerk appointed to take charge of that
special business. At present it is necessary
to detail some of the clerks or employes
engaged in other departments of business to
engage in this. It is rather profitable in itself.
It has realized already $5,800, as I have said.
To test the sense of the Senate on the subject,
I move that after the word "dollars" inline
eight hundred and ninety, on page 37, there
be inserted the words "one clerk, to be iu
charge of trade-marks, $2,800."
Mr. COLE. That matter was fully consid-
ered in the Committee on Appropriations
under all the light we could get on the subject,
and it was concluded not to adopt that amend-
ment. it adds another officer at $2,500 to
discharge duties which are now performed by
officers already provided. We thought that it
was really notone of those indispensable eases,
for whioh only we wished to provide. There
are a large number of examiners and assistant
examiners in the Patent Office, some fit one
of which can be detailed to perform this duty,
and is, perhaps, now employed to perform this
particular service; it is an examiner to exam-
ine trade-marks; and if there is not one in
the corps of examiners competent to discharge
the duty at present turn out one of those and
take some one that is competent. I think the
amendment should not Bfe agreed to, and I
raise the point of order, if I am in time to do
so, against the amendment at this time, as it
increases the appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California raises the point of order that
this amendment has not been presented to the
Committee on Appropriations. Is that it?
Mr. WILLEY. The chairman says it was
submitted to the committee and they consid-
ered it there.
Mr. COLE. The proposition was submit-
ted to us, but not from the Committee on Pat-
ents or the Senator from West Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Technically
the Senator from California is right, and the
amendment must be ruled out of order.
Mr. SPENCER. I move on page 51, in the
paragraph commencing in line twelve hun-
dred and twenty-five, to strike out the words
" additional to chief clerk, $300, to continue
while there is no Assistant Secretary and no
longer." I cannot see any reason why the
chief clerk of the Navy Department should
receive $300 more than the chief clerks of
other Departments. He certainly is not act-
ing Assistant Secretary. The same amendment
was attempted to be put in last year, but was
voted down by the vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is wholly mis-
taken in the last remark. This officer does
actually perform the duty of Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy, there being no other Assist-
ant Secre tary of the Navy.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator tell
me what those high officers of the Navy who
are detailed to the Department are doing
there? What are their duties? I believe
the highest officer of the Navy is in the Navy
Department.
Mr. COLE, I suppose they discharge such
duties as are prescribed by the head of the
Department; but as to this particular officer,
the chief clerk of the Navy Department, we
have not altered the bill as it was sent to us
from the House of Representatives, the prop-
osition being in it as it came from the House,
and the proposed amendment of the Senator
from Alabama is one that originates with him.
I object to its being considered at this time, for
want of notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will rule that the Senator from Alabama can
make a motion to reduce an appropriation or
to strike out.
Mr. SPENCER. I was going to make that
point myself. The rule applies not to amend-
ments that reduce, but to those that increase
appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will not be agreed to.
The question being put the ayes were twelve.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment. I do not think the
Senate understand this question. It is whether
the chief clerk of the Navy Department shall
receive $300 additional to what the chief clerks
of the other Departments receive. There is
certainly no justice in it, and the plea that he
is acting Assistant Secretary of the Navy is a
mistake.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Alabama
is quite mistaken about no other chief clerk
having the same salary.
Mr. IIARLAN. What other chie.f clerk
does receive $3,000?
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not understand that
this clause gives this officer $3,000.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Alabama is to strike out
the words "and additional to chief clerk
$300, to continue while there is no Assistant
Secretary, and no longer." On this question
the yeas and nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. It raises his compensation
$300. ' The salary of the chief clerks of the
other Departments is $2,200.
Mr. SAWYER. This question was very
fully argued last year, and this clause was then
placed on the ground that the duties of the
chief clerk of the Navy Department were very
considerably more than the duties of the chief
clerk in the other Departments on account of
the fact that there was no Assistant Secretary
of the Navy, and the provision was passed, I
think, by almost a unanimous vote. It is not
a new proposition.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator will allow me
to state that the proposition was .voted down
last year by a very large vote. The same argu-
ment was made last year, that there was no
Assistant Secretary of the Navy; but it is a
well-known fact that there are large numbers
of officers high in rank in the Navy detailed
for duty at the Navy Department. The coun-
try well understands that the Navy Depart-
ment costs the Government from twenty to
twenty-five million dollars annually, and I am
for one opposed to give an additional dollar.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is a little mistaken
again. The same clause was in the law last
year, and was not voted down. I have the
law before me.
Mr. SPENCER. Then it got in surrepti-
tiously in some way.
Mr. COLE. I think it got in legitimately.
The same clause is in the law of last year:
"chief clerk of the Navy Department, $2,200;
additional to chief clerk, $300, to continue
while there is no Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, and no longer." That is the very lan-
guage of the law of last year, and the language
in which this bill came to us from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. SPENCER. The debates of last ses-
sion will show the correctness of the statement
which I have made.
Mr. ANTHONY. The proposition of the
Senator from Alabama is to cut down this
officer $300 in his present pay. I think it
ought not to be cut down. There is no Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. COLE. This is one of the cases to
which I have alluded in the debate to-day,
where the duties of the office, the great respon-
sibilities of the office, have induced Congress
to raise the pay; and if there are other cases
of the kind I shall not oppose, for one, raising
the pay of such an officer, but I shall oppose
raising pay indiscriminately and without refer-
ence to servke.
Mr. SPENCER. This same provision was
twice stricken out by the Senate last year;
and if such a clause is in the law, it got there
in some way illegitimately. The debates will
show that my statement is correct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator must be aware that there are committees
of conference; and the clause might have
been inserted by a committee of conference,
after one House had stricken it out.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no Department
of the Government so poorly provided with
clerical force as the Navy Department, except
possibly the State Department. The chief
clerk of the Navy Department has to perform
the duties of a clerk, besides those of chief
clerk. He has to write correspondence, to
do writing which a chief clerk never should
do, unless on matters of very great import-
ance. He should be at liberty to go around
the Department receiving reports and seeing
that the other clerks are doing their duty;
but the chief clerk of the Navy Department
has to perform the duties of an ordinary clerk,
