1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
therefore the Chair would sustain the point of
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot we change
it down as well as up ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment, as first offered, is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I insist on it
in that form,
Mr. WELKSR. I desire to say one word
in relation to this subject. The salary of the
solicitor of the internal revenue department
was fixed in the bill which was passed during
the last session of Congress organizing the
Department of Justice. After a full invest-
igation in the different committees to whom
that subject was referred, the salary of the
solicitor of internal revenue was fixed, and
I suggest to the committee that now, after the
department has got fairly in operation, the
committee should not by an amendment like
this attempt to interfere with the salary fixed
by the law organizing the department. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
• The question was put upon Mr. Fai'NS-
worth'k amendment; and there were—ayes
87, noes 28 ; 110 quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
not. press his amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let my amendment
go in and be voted upon in the House.
Mr. DAWES. If it were possible to
the existing law in this bill I would not say a
word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the money is not
appropriated the officer cannot get it.
Air. DAWES. The law having fixed the
salary, we cannot change it in an appropriation
bill.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Welker. and
Mr. FauivSwohth were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 69.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to page 40, and insert in line nine
hundred and seventy, after the word "seeds,"
the two words "and plants," which were
omitted in the printed bill; so that the clause
will read, " for the purchase and distribu-
tion,of new and valuable seeds and plants,
$25,000."
There being no objection, the amendment
was entertained, and agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to go back to page 32, and to insert in line
seven hundred and sixty-one, after the words
"chief clerk" the words "superintendent of
building, at $2,500," and in line seven hun-
dred and sixty-six to strike out "$37,540"
and insert "$40,040;" so that the paragraph
will read:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
Assistant (Secretary, chief clerk, superintendent of
buililinsr.iit. S2,'")00, four clerks of class four, addi-
tional to three disbursing clerks, three clerks of
class three, four clerks of class two, and one clerk
of class one. one messenger: two assistant messen-
gers at S720 each, and three laborers in his office: in
all, £40,040.
There being no objection, the amendment
was enter'umed and agreed to.
Mr. DAWKS. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to go back to page 21, and insert at the
end of t lie paragraph providing for the internal
revenue department the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized and instructed to pa.y to John W. Doug-
las, iato acting Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
such un amount, in addition to the salary received
by in in during the months of November and Decem-
ber, J879, aa shall make the total compensation to
him lor those months equal to that which would
have been payable by law to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
Mr. HOLM AN. I make the point of order
on that amendment that it is a private claim
and does not belong to the appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES, I will state to the gentleman
that it is in no sense a private claim. I will
explain to him how it arose. During these
two months Mr. Douglas discharged the duties
of Commissioner for the time after the Com-
missioner left the office. This amendment
only proposes to give him the compensation
of Commissioner for the time during which
he discharged the duties of the office. It so
happened that it was during a period when
there was an unusually large amount of busi-
ness in the office. The law used to be that
when a subordinate discharged the duties of
a superior office he should be entitled to re-
ceive the pay of that superior office. But as
the law now stands he is not entitled to it
without a special appropriation. That is all.
It is in no sense a private claim.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that
there are a great many claims of this character
where a subordinate officer in a Department
has been called upon to perform the duties of
the head of that Department. There are bills
of this character now before the Committee of
Claims, as there always have been, to pay an
increase of compensation in such cases. It
has not been the policy of Congress to pass
such bills ; because the subordinate officer,
instead of performing the duties of his subor-
dinate position, has been transferred to higher
duties; and for that change of duties it has
not been customary to give any increased com-
pensation.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of the rule. But
it seemed to the Committee on Appropriations
that this was an exceptional case, inasmuch as
the duties discharged by this officer during this
time were unusually heavy, and during a por-
tion of the time the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue had retired altogether from the office ;
so that the deputy commissioner had the entire
responsibility of the office upon his hands. All
that is asked is that the deputy commissioner
shall receive the compensation of Commis-
sioner during the time he performed his duties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are more or less
of these eases coming up all the time, where a
subordinate officer discharges the duties of a
superior officer. We cannot give all of them
increased compensation.
Mr. CULLOM. I think that during a por-
tion of this time there was no Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Mr. DAWES. There was not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is the case of the
Commissioner of Patents, which is similar to
this one.
Mr. DICKEY. This is not a private claim
in any sense.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not waive my point
of order, that this amendment is a change of
the present law, involves new legislation, and
therefore is not in order in an appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no hes-
itation in overruling the point of order, on the
ground that this amendment is practically an
increase of the salary of the deputy Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which increase of
salary, the Digest says, the rule was purposely
framed to allow. Although there is a great
deal of verbiage in the amendment, it really
amounts to nothing but an increase of salary.
The Chair will therefore rule the amendment
to be in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg leave to take issue
with the Chair upon his ruling. I cannot con-
ceive that this is any increase of salary. It
does not propose to "increase the salary of
the deputy Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue," but to paya certain person named, who
is holding the office of deputy commissioner,
the compensation allowed to a Commissioner
during a limited period. This officer was in
no sense a Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and the amendment is not in any sense an
increase of the salary of a deputy commis-
sioner.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
Mr. DICKEY. After the decision of the
Chair has been made, is.it debatable?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I Appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule and the accompanying extract from the
Digest.
The Clerk read as follows;
'"No appropriation shall b« reportediu suchgen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuations of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for tke contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment.'
"It has been decided that under this rule it is
not in order to propose an amendment to a general
appropriation bill, which changes an existing law.
Bat it was also decided that the latter branch of the
rule not only permitted amendments increasing sal-
aries, but was framed for that very purpose."
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will also
read the proposed amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and is
hereby, authorised and instructed to pay to John
W. Douglas, late acting Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, such an amount, in addition to the sal-
ary received by him during the months of Novem-
ber and December, 1870, as shall make the total
compensation to him for those months cqaal to that
which would have been payable by law to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. ELA. I desire to move to amend the
amendment so as to include the late acting
Commissioner of Patents.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment to the
amendment is now in order pending the appeal
from the decision of the Chair. The Chair
rules that the amendment just read is in effect
a proposition to increase the salary of the dep-
uty Commissioner of Internal Revenue by a
little more than four hundred dollars for the
year 1870, because of services rendered by
him as acting Commissioner during the months
of November and December of that year.
From that decision an appeal is taken by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
The question is, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Have I not a right to
state my reason for appealing from the decis-
ion of the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has the right
to state the ground for his decision, and then
the committee must judge.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Isitin order to make
another point of order on this amendment on
a different ground?
The CHAIRMAN. One point of order must
be decided before another is received.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This amendment is
in the nature of a deficiency, and is not in
order on a general appropriation bill.
The question was taken; and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
The q uestion was upc>u agreeingto theamend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question involved in
this amendment is one that has been before
this House not a few times. It was before the
House in the Thirty-Fifth Congress, on a bill
that was presented for-the payment of the sec-
retary of legation to China, who, during the
absence of the commissioner, had heen charged
with the duties of the legation there as charge
d'affaires ad interim. At that time the same
position was assumed which is now assumed
by my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
that the occupation of a superior position by
an inferior officer is merely incidental to his
office and does not entitle him to any increase
of compensation. The House on that occa-
sion thought differently. I ask the Clerk to
read "An act for the relief of Peter Parker,"
approved June 8, 1858, which shows what was
the action of the House on that occasion, and
which is in conformity with various other pre-
cedents. •>
The Clerk read as follows:
"Beit enacted, tfco., That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he hereby is, directed, out of any moneys
in the Treasury nut otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Peter Parfcer'the sum of $2,603 19, thc.same being
