1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 878) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish and de-
clare the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company, as here-
a,fter constructed, a post road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 2, 1868, having met, after
full and free conference have been unable to agree.
GEORGE E. SPENCER,
JOHN S. H ARRIS,
AD ELBERT AME8,
Managers on the part of the. Senate.
HENRY H. STARKWEATHER,
WM. S. HOLMAN.
CHARLES O'NEILL,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 3064) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1137) to extend the
benefits of the donation law of September 27,
1850, to certain persons.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 521) repealing duty on coal
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FENTON. Without displacing the
pending joint resolution, or any other order
of business, I think we might now have a short
executive session. I therefore move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would not do that
now.
Mr. FENTON. I should be glad to have a
short executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
an executive session does not displace the
pending business. The pending business will
be resumed after the executive session.
Mr. FENTON. It will be only for a few
moments that Ishall ask to detain the Senate
in executive session.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After fifty minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened; and (at
live o'clock and forty minutes a. m., Saturday,
March 4) the Senate took a recess until half
past ten o'clock a. m.
The Senate reassembled at half past ten
o'clock a. m., (Saturday, Marcli 4.)
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 7) granting lands and the right
of way to the Denver, Central, and Georgetown
Railway Company;
A bill (S. No. 8) granting the right of way
and aid in public lands to the Denver, South
Park, and Rio Grande Railway and Telegraph
Company;
A bill (S. No. 10) granting land to the Iowa
and Missouri State Line Railroad Company;
A bill (S. No. 29) to extend the provisions
of an act to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim the swamplands within
their limits to the State of Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 50) to encourage the growth
of forest trees ;
A bill (S. No. 57) granting public lands to
aid in the construction of a steamboat canal
in the State of Florida;
A bill (S. No. 93) legalizing certain locations
of agricultural college scrip therein desig-
nated ;
A bill (S. No. 104) to grant two million acres
of public lands for the benefit of public schools
in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 107) to extend to the mouth
of the Columbia river the land grant hereto-
fore made for a railroad in Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 110) for the improvement of
Kansas river, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 123) granting the right of way
to the Pacific Central transit railway and tele-
graph from the city of New Orleans, Louisiana,
to some point on the Rio Grande river, Texas,
in the direction of Mazatlan, on the Pacific
coast;
A bill (S. No. 124) granting lands in the
State of Minnesota to aid in constructing a
railroad from Lake Superior to Vermilion
lake, in said State;
A bill (S. No. 126) granting lands to aid in
the construction of the Oroville and Virginia
City railroad;
A bill (S. No. 135) making a grant of land
to the State of Minnesota to aid in securing
the navigation of the Mississippi river imme-
diately above the falls of St. Anthony;
A bill (S. No. 14Q) granting land to aid in
rebuilding the Pensacola and Louisville rail-
road ;
A bill (S. No. 157) to provide for the con-
struction of a wagon-road for military and
postal purposes through the Territories of
Dakota, Montana, Idaho, and Washington;
A bill (S. No. 173) granting lands to the
States of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minne-
sota, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads ;
A bill (S. No. 178) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the junction of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers, in the State of Missouri, to the
boundary line between the United States and
Mexico, at or near Presidio del Norte, on the
Rio Grande, in the direction of the harbor of
Altata, on the Gulf of California, in the repub-
lic of Mexico, with a branch from some point
east of the ninety-eighth degree of west longi-
tude to the city of Lawrence, in the State of
EkdfTlS£lS *
A bill (S. No. 181) relating to the Union
Pacific Railway Company, southern branch ;
A bill (S. No. 186) granting the right of way
and alternate sections of land to aid in the
construction of a canal for irrigation and navi-
gation in California ;
A bill (S. No. 203) granting lands to the
Santa Barbara branch of the Southern Pacific
railroad of California;
A hill (S. No. 228) granting land to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in
Nevada, to the Colorado river ;
A bill (S. No. 238) granting lands and the
right of way to the Denver, Central, and George-
town Railway Company;
A bill (S. No. 239) granting the right of way
and aid in public lands to the Denver, South
Parke and Rio Grande Railway and Telegraph
Company ;
A bill (S. No. 240) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Brownsville,
Nebraska, to intersect the Union Pacific rail-
road ;
A bill (S. No. 243) amending the preemp-
tion and homestead laws so as to require the
planting of trees on homestead and preemp-
tion settlements ;
A bill (S. No. 267) granting public lands in
the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and_ Ten-
nessee to the Selma and Memphis Railroad
Company, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road to be built from Selma, Alabama, to
Memphis, Tennessee ;
A bill (S. No. 276) to vacate and sell the
Umatilla reservation in the State of Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 304) granting to the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company the right of way through the pubhc
lands of the United States, and for other pur-
dosgs *
A bill (S. No. 324) to declare forfeited to
the United States certain lands granted to aid
in the construction of railroads in the rotates
of Alabama,- Mississippi, Louisiana, and Flor-
ida, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 363) to prohibit the sale of
the public lands of the United States except
to actual settlers;
A bill (S. No. 364) restoring to preemption
and homestead lands containing coal beds ;
A bill (S. No. 377) to open to actual settlers
under the homestead and preemption laws
certain public lands in the State of California;
A bill (S. No. 388) to aid the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from Mar-
shall, Texas, to San Diego, California, with
branches and connections ;
A bill (S. No. 394) to encourage the growth
of forest trees;
A bill (S. No. 397) amendatory of the pre-
emption laws;
A bill (S. No. 405) to prohibit the sale of the
public lands of the United States in Nebraska
except to actual settlers ;
A bill (S. No. 410) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of a
railroad in said State;
A bill (S. No. 413) granting lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in the State
of Florida;
A bill (S. No. 415) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the St. Louis, Lawrence, and Denver railroad
and telegraph line;
A bill (S. No. 417) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in building the Repub-
lican Valley railroad and telegraph;
A bill (S. No. 419) to expedite the settle-
ment of contests among settlers on the public
lands, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 428) to grant the right of way
through the public lands to the Junction City,
Solomon Valley, and Denver railway, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 429) to promote the disposi-
tion of public lands in the State of California
to actnal settlers;
A bill (S. No. 434) resuming the lands
granted to the States of Arkansas and Mis-
souri to aid in the building of a railroad from
a point on the Mississippi river, opposite the
mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to
the Texas boundary, near Fulton, in Arkan-
sas, and regranting the same to other parties
engaging to build the road ;
A bill (S. No. 514) granting land to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Columbia river to Puget sound;
A bill (S. No. 515) to create an additional
land district in the Territory of Dakota;
A bill (S. No. 516) granting lands to the
Springfield, Yancton, and Iowa Railroad Com-
pany, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Springfield, via
Yancton, in the Territory of Dakota, to a point
at or near the mouth of Rock river on the
western boundary of the State of Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 531) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in constructing a steam-
boat-canal around the falls of the Willamette
river;
A bill (S. No. 572) to authorize and aid the
construction of water-works to conduct the
waters of Lake Tahoe and Truckee river
through and over the public lands of the Uni-
ted States in the State of California ;
A bill (S. No. 592) granting lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in the
State of Florida;
A bill (S. No. 614) to enable the Leav-
enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company to extend a branch of their road to
the Arkansas river;
A bill (S. No. 621) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from Fort Scott
in the direction of Santa F6, New Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 638) amendatory of an act
granting lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland, m
Oregon, approved July 25, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 643) in aid of the freedmen
and for the purpose of subdividing the pub-
lic domain in certain States into forty-acre
