1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
and he has to be there after the Department
is closed, night after night. I think that the
compensation paid to him, in the absence
of any Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who
would relieve him of a large part of his duties,
if there were such an officer, is quite little
enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Spencer.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 27 ; as follows:
£EAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Davis, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Haraiiton of Texas, Harlan. Harris, Lewis, Mc-
Oreery, Pratt, Robertson, Spencer, Trumbull, and
Tickers—14.
KAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard. Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cole, Cragin, Flanagan, Hamlin,
Howard. Howe, Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Vomer, y, Pool. Ramsey, Ross, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams. and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Cameron, Car-
penter. Casserly, Cattell, Chandler, Conkling. Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Mary-
land, liill, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Revels, Rice,
Saulsbury,Schurz, Soott, Sherman, Stearns, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, and Yates—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. On the seventeenth page
there are some footings whieh ought to be cor-
rected. There have been some changes made
in the preceding page which will alter the total
in the three hundred and eighty-fifth and three
hundred and eighty-sixth lines, but exactly how
I do not know. I move that the Secretary be
authorized to make the proper corrections in
thoselines to correspond with the changes which
have been made in the preceding page, and also
in line three hundred and ninety-five.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be agreed to, no objection being made
thereto.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand that.
Is that footing to be corrected upon the theory
that all the amendments made in committee
are going to be agreed to in the Senate?
Mr. SAWYER. Upon the theory that cer-
tain amendments have been made in commit-
tee. Of course, if the amendments made in
committee fail in the Senate, the footings will
have to be corrected again.
Air. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
that he had better move these amendments in
the Senate. "We shall need a separate vote on
some of the amendments; and I hope one or
two of them will fail, and the effect of that
might modify the motion the Senator from
South Carolina suggests.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from South Carolina withdraw his
proposition?
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to
doing so.
Mr. CONKLING. It had better be reserved.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.  
Mr. DAVIS. Before the first amendment
is reached in the bill I wish lo offer one on
page 4, line seventy-six.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
will state to the Senator from Kentucky that
the first question will be on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the question reserved
upon the amendment on the same page on
lines eighty-two, eighty-three, and eighty-four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That ques-
tion will be reserved. The amendments will
be concurred in in gross, except such as Sen-
ators desire to reserve for a separate vote.
Mi-. EDMUNDS. I wish to have reserved
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Tbdmbpia] on the subject of
pardons in the Court of Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. And I wish the amend-
ments touching the salaries of the judges to
be reserved.
Mr. COLE. Can I reserve my right lo ob-
ject to all of these amendments for the want
of proper notice? I wish all amendments that
are moved to this bill to bo moved in commit-
tee, so that I can present my objection to their
consideration. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] proposed an amendment. I do
not understand what it is, and I wish to reserve
the right to object.
Mr. DAVIS. It is to retrench, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to inquire of the
Chair, after an amendment has been consid-
ered in committee and adopted, but not re-
served, will it be still open to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itwill not be.
Mr. STEWART. There is an amendment
that I do not wish to reserve, but which I
desire to modify as to a mere formal matter.
It is an amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont. I presume by unanimous
consent the class of amendments to which I
refer can now be incorporated. It occurs on
the second page of the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, after the twenty-sec-
ond line. I ask that it be put in by unani-
mous consent, and I send it to the Chair to
be read.
Mr. HARLAN. Before any question is put
on that I desire a separate vote on the amend-
ment proposing to sell certain lots of ground
in Washington city.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That ques-
tion wili be reserved.
Mr. NYE, I yesterday offered an amend-
ment, which was carried, to the clause com-
mencing on line seven hundred and eight.
There was some little doubt about whether the
amendment offered by me reached the object
/or which it was intended, and on consultation
with the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
who made the objection and pointed out the
defect, and by an agreement with the commit-
tee, I wish to move a substitute for the amend-
ment I before proposed. It will save the Gov-
ernment $2,300, and I think there will bo no
objection to it. I inquire whether I ought to
reserve that amendment?
Mr. COLE. I think so.
Mr. NYE. I will reserve the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reserved.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have re-
served the question upon the amendments on
the second page in reference to the office of
the Secretary of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was
no amendment made there. The Chair will
put the question on concurring in the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole which
have not been reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was in the Chamber,
sitting on the sofa, and I never knew that the
bill was taken out of committee. I conjectured,
in the first place, from what I saw going on,
that it was considered as out of committee ;
and I was just informed by the Senator from
West Virginia that it was out of committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fact
was distinctly stated.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not doubt that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still open to amendment in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I inquire, then, of the
Chair whether the bill as reported here from
the Committee on Appropriations is still open
to amendment, in the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. ex-
cept where amendments have been concurred
in. The question now is on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, with the exception of those which have
been reserved.
The amendments not reserved were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
reserved amendment will be read.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 think we have spent about
as much time as we can profitably upon this
bill to-day. I move that the further consider-
ation of it be postponed, and that we proceed
to read and consider the postal code bill. Let
us have some variety for Saturday. [Laugh ter. ]
I am serious about this, I assure the Senate.
ThePRESlDINGOFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr, ANTHONY. I prefer to divide the
motion. If this bill is postponed 1 wish to
bring up the resolution for printing the report
of the Commissioner of Education.
Mr, COLE. The object of the Senator from
"Minnesota cannot be to have variety. We have
had variety enough on this bill. [Laughter.]
I am sure he will not press his motion at this
time.
ThePRESlDINGOFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was not agreed to.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Thequestion
recurson theamendment reserved by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Eduuxds.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported ; ami
I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest that the amend-
ments be taken up in the order in which they
occur in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely what
is being done.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I have an amend-
ment agreed to on the fourth page.
Mr. SAWY'ER. I have ons on the second
page.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page 13 of the bill, at the end of line three
hundred and ten, to insert the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That the second proviso in that part
of the elanse of the first section of the net of Con-
gress entitled "An act makingappropriatiuns fur the
legislative, executive, and judicial expends ot ihe
Government for the vear ending June 30; 1S71,"
approved June 12, 1870, where an appropriation is
made for the payment of judgments to be rLndeietl
by the Court of Claims be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I make the question if it is
not the proper order that the amendments
shall be read and acted upon by the Senate in
relation to the position which they occupy iu
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After
amendment is acted on the Chair will acct p'.
the suggestion of the Senator from Kentucky.
The question is on concurring in the amend-
ment which has just been read.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmo'dsJ if he vnl
be kind enough to explain the effect of this
amendment? It refers to a statute which I
have not before me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Delaware
cannot have forgotten that the clause which
this amendment proposes to repeal he and ail
his party called monstrous. It is the old qu> s-
tion about the rebel cotton claims, whieh, a; 1
understand, was carried in committee yester-
day on a vote of 25 to 25. All that I ask—I
do not want to go over the ground pgain—is
to have the question, as it is to be taken sep-
arately, voted on by yeas and nays ; a.ul '>•
the Senate determine whether they wish to
repeal the legislation of last year in part, as is
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope, for the character
of the country, that Congress will repeal it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only effect of this
amendment, which was voted yesterday in a
very full Senate on the casting vote of the
Vice President, it is true, nearly sixty Sen-
ators voting  
Mr. EDMUNDS. There were only fifty
voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And eight were paired,
making OS—a very full vote. The Senate is
very thin now. But the effect of that .amend-
ment, made iu Committee of the Whole, and
winch 1 hope will be adhered to in the Senate,
is simply to repeal a clause put upon an appro-
priation bill last year that makes a paidon
granted to a man conclusive evidence of his
