1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1893
guilt of the facts recited in that pardon. A
pardon is granted to a man generally because
lie is supposed not to be guilty, because there
are supposed to be mitigating circumstances,
or because for some reason or other it is thought
that he has been improperly convicted. Now
it is proposed by an act of Congress to declare
that when a man obtains a pardon, he admits,
and it shall be conclusive evidence against
him in the courts of the United States, that he
is guilty of the very things of which he was
pardoned. I say such a proposition as that is
contrary to all law, contrary to all precedent,
contrary to the practice everywhere. When a
Governor of a State grants a pardon to a man,
and he accepts that pardon, is that to be taken
as conclusive evidence that the man is guilty
of the crime of perjury, or murder, if you
please, with which he is charged? So far from
it, the pardon is evidence of his innocence,
and it is granted because he is supposed to be
innocent. This is a perversion of all law and
all precedent that ever was adopted in any
civilized country; and I am astonished that
my friend from Vermont can persist in try-
ing to keep upon the statute-book such a prop-
osition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, there is
nothing like learning in this country, and the
increase of wisdom ; and my friend from Illi-
nois has pretty nearly reached the summit of
that condition of things when he tells us that
a pardon is to show that a man is innocent,
instead of applying to a man that is guilty,
and that it is a perversion of all law and all
history and all experience and all justice to
imagine that a pardon is a thing that applies
to guilty people instead of applying to inno-
cent people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the Senator from
Vermont understand me to say any such thing?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know my friend feels
uneasy; but if he will only be patient until I
get through 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only state that I said
no such thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The record will show
what my friend said. He was perhaps not
conscious of it himself: perhaps he did not
understand exactly what he was saying; but
certainly he said that a pardon was to show that
a man was innocent, and that it was a perver-
sion of all law because a man had been par-
doned to imagine that he had been guilty of
anything.
Now, here were those ancient fossils who
invented the Constitution of the United States,
and in that they said that the President "shall
have power to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses against the United States; and they
imagined, as Blackstone and Coke and Chitty
and-a great many other men have imagined,
that pardon went upon the idea that the man
who was pardoned had not been an absolute
angel in grace before that time, but that he bad
committed some offense and thatapardon was
necessary to relieve him from the punishment
which was justly due for that offense. That
was the notion we had of a pardon ; but now
we hear the doctrine that a pardon, instead of
being evidence that a man has been guilty, is
evidence that he has not been guilty. That is
the substance of the argument of my friend
from Illinois. I do not blame him for making
it; it is the best that can be said lor this motion
to repeal this statute.
Then, my friend from Illinois makes an
equally great mistake when he says that we
have undertaken to declare in the act of 1870
that the effect of a pardon shall be in all
the courts of the United States that the man
named in it has been guilty. It would not
hurt him much if it were so ; but it is not so,
Mr. President. The only effect of that legis-
lation is to say that a man who has received a
pardon shall not in the Court of Claims of the
United States undertake to get out of the
Treasury cotton money; that if he wishes to
get his cotton money he must come to the
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 88.
Senate or the House of Representatives and
apply for it, like any other claimant on the
public Treasury.
Then my friend is entirely mistaken in sup-
posing that the act of 1870 undertook to force
a pardon on anybody. The express language
of that act is, that this man, who, if he takes
a pardon, is to stand upon it long enough to
come here, instead of going to the Court of
Claims, must have accepted it in writing.
There must have been an acceptance of the
pardon in writing, the paper upon one side of
it stating that he had been guilty of treason
and rebellion against the United States. And
he upon the back of it, or by a separate paper,
indorsed and filed in the State Department, as
the practice was and is under the orders of
that Department and the President, stating
that he accepted that pardon freely, and would
endeavor to obey the laws, and accept in
good faith the clemency of the United States.
There is not one instance in ten thousand,
there is not one instance in a million, I feel
safe in saying, in which a man who felt per-
fectly innocent, and who felt that he did not
need or require the clemency of the Gov-
ernment, put his name to a paper in which
he said : "I accept this pardon which I have
applied for in the same spirit in which it has
been offered, and promise, so accepting it, to
act upon the theory that hereafter I am to be
a loyal and law-abiding citizen." It is not as
my friend from South Carolina intimated yes-
terday, that the man being obliged to take an
oath cut him off under the statute. No such
thing; but in every case to which this statute
applies the man, in the first place, must have
applied personally to the State Department for
a pardon, by a written application, like that
which was referred to in what I read yester-
day from the statement of the Georgia man ;
and secondly, having applied for it, and having
obtained it, and it having been sent to him,
before it could operate he must have filed in
the Department of State his written accept-
ance of that act of grace pardoning him for a
crime against the United States. It applies to
that class of persons and no other.
Now, I say that, in that class of persons,
there is not one in ten thousand, setting it low,
who would have been misled into accepting an
act of pardon which he thought he did not
need, and which, therefore, would cut him off
from going into the Court of Claims. What
are we to do in the case of that one? We are
to do as in all other general laws, where we
make general laws to apply to general con-
ditions of things and to the great majority of
cases. The exceptional instances we must
provide for by special acts of relief. That is
always what we have to do ; so that there is
not anything unusual in this, either in the na-
ture of it or in the effect of it. But the effect
of this amendment, to strike out the last clause
of the act of 1870, will be to take a few millions
of dollars out of the Treasury and put them
(as my friend from Delaware moved a little
while ago) into the pockets of the people in
the southern States who may lay claim thereto,
or, as my friend from Kentucky argued yester-
day, to do an act of justice to these Southern
people, whatever you may call them, "whose
property had been taken m time of war and
put into the Treasury, by giving it all back to
them in a lump.
You might as well do that and save expense
in defending these claims, if you are to let
down the bars and open the Treasury to evi-
dence not on cross-examination before the
Court of Claims, but upon depositions where
they cannot see the witnesses, for they will
bring proof that will go around any kind of a
pardon, unless you tie it up in this way, as
easy as a man can drive a yoke of oxen around
a post. There is the trouble. If you could
have a jury trial, if you could have the wit-
nesses before you in this forum, or even be-
fore the court itself, and have them cross-
examined on the spot, there would not be
much danger in this repeal; but this testimony
is taken entirely out of court and in writing.
It is true that there is cross-examination some-
times; but that is not of any particular value
as showing whether a witness is honest or not
when his examination is taken down in writ-
ing and you do not see the witness. Every-
body knows that you expose yourself in this
particular way of getting at facts to fraud and
perjury and all manner of evil. If you are to
allow these people who have once applied for
a pardon and got it and accepted it to put'
their cases around that pardon in the Court
of Claims, and to prove by their neighbors
that they were loyal all the time, you will have
no money left. I think if we are to do that,
we had a great deal better give them the money
at once, and be done with it, rather than
undertake to pay out money otherwise in
assuming to defend the United States.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate, but to ask the Senator
from Vermont a single question. If he is right,
I have been grossly in error all the time. I
understand him to say that the pardon alluded
to by the act of July 12, 1870, is simply that
pardon which was specially applied for at the
State Department, or from the Pesident of the
United States, and granted by an instrument
which was given out from either, and accepted
in writing ; that it does not apply to the great
multitude who availed themselves of the am-
nesty granted in the proclamation, and were
authorized by the proclamation to take the
oath of amnesty before certain officers therein
named. Now, I should like to ask the Sen-
ator if he has any authority for making the
statement that the Court of Claims regard that
statute as confined to those pardons to which
he alludes except his own opinion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam not in consultation
with the Court of Claims, Mr. Presideut, but
I think 1 shall not do any impropriety in stating
this: that when this amendment last year was
proposed it was discussed between the then
Senator from Missouri, Mr. Drake, and myself,
and the gentleman who then represented the
United States in the Court of Claims; and
that discnssion went on and that amendment
was prepared upon the sole ground of its being
applicable to the cases of individual pardon
which were applied for and accepted; and in
order that it should not apply to people who
might be said to have been embraced in a
general amnesty, it was expressly provided in
the statute that the pardon must have been
accepted in writing before the last clause,
which my friend wishes to strike out, was to
operate.
I will add that in connection with that sub-
ject we sent to the Court of Claims and got
some of the records in some of the cases that
would be affected by it, to see how the thing
did stand. In every one of those instances—■
and I think if my friend will look into these
records he will find it so—in all the instances
where these questions arose in the Court of
Claims they have been cases of an individual
pardon by letters-patent under the seal of the
United States grauted to A B upon his prece-
dent application in writing, filed in the State
Department, then sent to him and accepted ;
and that being so, I submit to my friend in all
seriousness that it is doing a dangerous thing
to repeal it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
more amused, when I stop to reflect for a
moment, than irritated at the course of discus-
sion of the Senator from Vermont, to see with
what facility he can rise and set up a position
for another and then overturn it, and particu-
larly how complacently he can refuse to be
interrupted and corrected in his statements,
and then go on and make a case and show
how absurd it is and how unreasonable the
position. In this way he seems to satisfy him-
self; and it is very pleasant for a speaker even
to satisfy himself if he does not satisfy any-
body else. The Senator went on to declare
