1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) concern-
ing colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic artsj
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 153) for the
relief of certain settlers on lands within rail-
road withdrawals;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 213) author-
izing a change of location of a certain railroad
in the State of Minnesota ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 219) giving con-
structions to the acts of Congress granting
lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in build-
ing railroads;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 254) defining
♦ the rights of persons settling upon the public
lands;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 295) relating
to rights of actual settlers upon certain lands ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 800) relating
to the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galves-
ton Railroad Company; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 325) making
revolutionary land scrip receivable in payment
for lands.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2026) to repeal an act entitled
" An act to confirm the grant of certain lands
to Jos6 Domingues in California," approved
June 12, 1866, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be indefinitely
postponed ; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph Fiedler, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2966) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of Peter Mills," ap-
proved June 30, 1834, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (8.
No. 914) for the relief of Sebastian Reichert,
reported it without recommendation.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 887) for the relief of Rebecca
J. Shepherd, of Philadelphia ;
An act (S. No. 1061) for the relief of W. B.
Carpenter;
An act (S. No. 1214) for the relief of Charles
T. Jackson, M. D., of Boston;
An act (S. No. 1272) correcting an error
in the passage of an act entitled "An act for
the relief of the officers and crew of the ship
Nightingale," approved June 1, 1870;
An act (S. No. 1302) for the relief of Alex-
ander J. McMillan, late lieutenant of com-
pany F, ninth regiment Minnesota volunteer
infantry;
An act (S. No. 1340) for the relief of Alger-
non S. Cadwallader, late collector of internal
revenue and disbursing agent fifth district of
Pennsylvania;
An act (S. No. 1134) relating to internal
taxes;
An act (S. No. 1181) to provide for the
redemption of copper and other token coins ;
An act (S. No. 845) granting a pension to
Harriet Dewitt Mitchell;
An act (S. No. 176) granting a pension to
Anna E. Frei;
An act (8. No. 627) granting a pension to
Abel S. Chase; and
An act (S. No. 622) granting a pension to
Nancy E. Ammons.
MKSSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appropria-
tions to supply the deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and
June 30, 1871, and for former years, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3064) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes.
DUTY ON COAL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 521) repealing the duty on
coal is before the Senate.
Mr..SAWYER. I move that the pending
and all prior orders be postponed for the pur-
pose of taking up House bill No. 1596.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is that bill, I ask
the Senator from South Carolina ?
Mr. SAWYER. A bill in aid of the Sisters
of Mercy of Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not press that. Let us see first whether we
cannot get a vote on the coal question.
Mr. SAWYER. I am satisfied that it is
utterly impossible to get a vote on the coal
question. I am entirely in favor of the pas-
sage of the measure repealing the coal duty;
but the bill which I wish to call up is a House
bill which can be passed in three minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we take the vote
on that bill without this losing its place ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That arrange-
ment can be made by unanimous consent.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no objec-
tion to the vote being taken on that bill, 1 am
willing that it may be done without displacing
this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall feel it my duty to
call up the soldiers' homestead bill if the
regular order be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa object to the proposition of
the Senator from South Carolina ?
Mr. HARLAN. I must insist on the sol-
diers' homestead bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. Question on
the coal bilK
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution (H. It. No. 521) repealing duty on coal
being before the Senate, the Senator from
South Carolina moves to postpone it and all
other orders for the purpose of considering
the House bill in regard to the Sisters of
Mercy at Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to have the ques-
tion divided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa demands a division of the question.
The first question will be on postponing the
joint resolution of the House of Represent-
atives abolishing the duty on coal.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. WILLIAMS
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. I have only to say to the
Senator from Illinois that there will be four
pretty long speeches made upon the coal hill,
and it cannot possibly pass before twelve
o'clock. It is a foregone conclnsion that that
measure cannot pass during this session.
There are other bills that are of an important
character which may be passed. I think, there-
fore, this matter had better be postponed. It
would be a waste of time to go on with it, and
it will exclude the passage of other bills of
great importance. It is impossible that that
measure can pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if our
Democratic friends on the other side of the
Chamber, who are supposed in the country to
be favorable to a reduction of duties, and
against what they call tariff monopolies, per-
sist in speaking against time in order to pre-
vent the reduction of a tax upon such a
necessary article as coal, let them take the
responsibility. The Senator from Maryland
has warned us that this measure shall not pass,
that he will take time. Now, I am for letting
the country see the position that he and his
associates occupy upon this question. I hope
the Senate will not postpone the coal bill until
we see if the disposition of those gentlemen is
to defeat this measure.
Mr. VICKEIIS. Mr. President, I am able
to inform the Senator from Illinois that, a
prominent Republican in this body will make
a speech against this coal bill. The opposi-
tion is not confined to Democrats. If I had
my way I would to-day pass a revenue tariff,
and coal with other articles should be included
in that tariff; but I have no idea that one
single item shall be singled out of the whole
tariff while sugar, tea, coffee, woolens, cottons,
and many other things are left in it. I see no
reason for this discrimination. If the tariff is
to be revised let it be done as a whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the way to de-
feat every measure. Here we have one distinct
proposition before us that we all understand.
It comes to us from the House of Representa-
tives. The Senator from Maryland knows as
well as I do, and the country knows that it is
now impossible to perfect and revise the tariff
generally. Let us do what we can to-day if the
Senator is in earnest.
Mr. SAWYER. I would not press my mo-
tion at this moment if there was the slightest
possibility of securing legislation on the coal
bill; but our friends have announced to us that
they intend to make four long speeches at least
against it, and therefore I hope the Senate
will stand by my motion to postpone the pend-
ing and prior orders, and take up the bill for
the relief of the Sisters of Mercy at Charleston,
South Carolina.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of a House bill relative to the construction of
a bridge at Little Rock.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the mo-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina for
the postponement of the unfinished business,
the Senator from Arkansas asks unanimous
consent that the Senate consider a House bill
in regard to abridge in Arkansas.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish the Senator from
Arkansas would let us dispose of my motion
first.
Mr. RICE. This will take but a minute.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is very
brief; it will be read, subject to objeetiou.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. It. No.
3005) amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river at Little Rock, approved July 1, 1870.
It provides that if any bridge built under the
act of July 1, 1870, shall be constructed as a
draw-bridge, the same shall be constructed as
a pivot bridge with a draw over the main
clianncl, at an accessible navigable point, and
with a span of not less than one hundred and
fifty feet in the clear on each side of the cen-
tral or pivot pier; and there shall not be a
greater number of fixed spans than four of
uniform length crossing the remainder of the
river, and the fixed spans shall not be less than
thirty-six feet above low-water mark, measur-
ing to the bottom chord of the bridge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDEN1'. _ The bill cannot
be considered, objection being made. The
question recurs ou the motion of the Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. HAELAN. I ask unanimous consent
to call up House bill No. 2797, which is the
soldiers' homestead bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not like to antago-
nize that bill last night with the appropriation
bill, but I hope it will now be taken up.
Mr. HARLAN. It is on the Calendar, re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands.
* The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from South Carolina the
Senator from Iowa asks unanimous consent to
