1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
have force in it at the time) that this statute
might catch men who had merely gone and
taken an oath to get their letters out of the
post office or for some other purpose. I think
we are relieved from that, and we find that
the practice of the court, as well as the stat-
ute, informs us that this statute now is a lion
in the path of nobody except the man who,
not only, as the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] well said yesterday, has picked himself
out as a guilty man, subscribed and filed an
oath showing that he has thus selected him-
self, but then has received letters-patent
granting him a pardon, and has made a sol-
emn record among the archives of the State
Department of his acceptance of the same,
with all the conditions appearing upon its
face. I have handed the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] the one blank to which I
referred, and I will hand him the other in a
moment, first bringing the attention of the
Senate to the fact tbat this is a form varying
as to the form of the pardon, so as to adapt
itself to other offenders and discriminate
between those who were to be pardoned.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from New
York allow me a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Only a moment.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from New York whether he
considers that no pardons were granted under
the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln of December
8, 1863?
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my honorable
friend will forgive me if I do not go into that
excursion with him now, because really it is
spinning this too fine. After I have sent to the
Court of Claims and had them send to me the
two forms, the only two forms, under which
this statute is applied to men, it is carrying it
too far for him to ask me whether there were
not pardons granted under some other statute
or in some other form, which have practicaliy
nothing to do with this question.
Mr. SAWYER. They have everything to
do with it.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator said yes-
terday—I observed it in the Globe to-day—that
the same spirit which insisted upon continuing
this provision here if carried into the Court
of Claims would lead the court to decide so
and so, or to hold so and so. Suffice it to say,
we have sent for the record ; here it is ; and it
shows that the court hold no such thing, but
that the court merely hold that those people
enumerated upon the face of this statute are
embraced within it, and nobody else. There-
fore I beseech my honorable friend to meet
the fact fairly as it is, and not to go into an
excursion after some supposable case which
in truth has not come to pass.
As I said before, a tribunal having been
specially created, of limited jurisdiction, from
which these men were always excluded, it
turned out that the court had made a decision
that a pardoned rebel was a man to whom no
offense could be imputed, in the language of
the courff, and therefore by legislation, merely
to confirm the original design, merely to stop
up this hole of escape, which had "been found,
there was put upon the statute-book this pro-
vision. Is it unjust? Can you find any cri-
terion by which it is juster to try a man than
his own statement and admission over and
over again of what the fact is ?
But it is said that if we repeal this the par-
don cannot be given in evidence in the Court
of Claims one way or the other. Exactly;
that is the objection to it; it proceeds on the
idea that a man who has written'himself down
a traitor over and over again, a mail who has
deposited among the archives of his country
record evidence that he was a traitor, that he
linew it and avowed it, has done nothing which
you can bring up in judgment against him.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator explain how
it is that that pardon cannot be offered in evi-
dence in this proceeding? .
Mr. CONKLING. I will, although my hon-
orable friend will observe that I was merely
admitting what had been declared in this
debate.
Mr. HOWE. I understood so, but I did
not acquiesce in it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not say that I do.
That criticism went through my mind when I
heard it; but it is argued here, the champions
of this repeal argue, that when you have
effected the repeal the result is that the par-
don cannot be given in evidence for any pur-
pose, or the papers which belong to it, and
which are to be read in pari materia. I deny
that position, and I answer it by saying that,
in my judgment, it is monstrous that a man
may seek the clemency of his Government,
may make record evidence of the fact over
and over again that he was not a loyalist but
a traitor, and then when he comes seeking
money from the Treasury you cannot refer to
that record for any purpose whatever. If I
needed an argument to put the seal of utter
condemnation in law and in ethics upon this
proceeding I should need no better argument
than that.
But, sir, the Senator from Wisconsin asks
why could not this pardon be given in evi-
dence. I do not quite see myself why it might
not be given in evidence. Then what would
you have? The paradox, as it seems to me,
of introducing a record which should not be
final between the parties. You would intro-
duce a record, a man's oath, his acceptance
of the pardon, reciting the conditions which
he accepted, and then he would be permitted
in the Court of Claims to dispute it, to explain
it away by parol evidence! That would be
one thing which strikes me at this moment. I
do not think that should be. Why ? Because
if exceptional cases of this sort arise those
who are sufferers in them can coine to Con-
gress, just as the great body of claimants
come, and? just as everybody would be com-
pelled to come, but for this statute establishing
for limited purposes the Court of Claims.
So that I cannot see an argument, even
in the rare exceptional cases, for any such
thing. On the contrary, it is, I submit, ex-
actly this: the legislation on this subject be-
gan by forbidding rebels to come into the
Court of Claims as claimants for this pur-
pose ; it turned out that the statute was not
so explicit that the court did not misconstrue
it; and therefore, in confirmation of the stat-
ute, we passed an act enforcing it and saying
that you might prove out of'a man's mouth
his guilt if he had confessed it in writing and
acted upon his confession. If that be unjust,
if that be hard, I know not what shall be said
of all the judgments which darken the records
of crime, and which are to be found in the
records of courts, where men have gone to the
block and to the gibbet convicted upon their
own confession, which is the language of the
judges.
If you- may take judgment against a man
under which you send him away for life to a
State prison, or deprive him of life upon his
plea of guilty, and that does not shock the
sense of Christendom, I cannot understand
why Christendom's sense should be shocked
by not allowing a man to take money from the
Treasury of the United States for his cotton,
if he has confessed solemnly, and more than
once, that he was one of those whom the law
named in its exclusion from any such right.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to prolong
this debate. 1 rose chiefly for the purpose of
showing that it was an entire mistake to sup-
pose that under the practice of the Court of
Claims anybody was excluded except those
who had received specifically a pardon and had
specifically accepted it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, when we got
out of committee into the Senate I supposed
we were through with most of our troubles
upon this bill; but it seems not. We have
but "jumped out of the frying pan into the
fire," to use a common phrase. If we are to
go over the debate again upon every one of
the questions that have been reserved we
shall about reach the end of the session when
we reach the end of this bill. 1 do appeal to
Senators to let us have a vote upon the bill.
I believe this question is fully understood by
every Senator. It was discussed ably and
amply yesterday; we have had able speeches
upon it to-day. I do not think any more light
is needed. Of course much can be shed ou it
by these eloquent gentlemen, but I hope we
shall be allowed to have a vote on the ques-
tion without further discussion.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I regret
that the desire of the Senator from Califor-
nia to have what might be termed "prompt
dispatch" of business should be interfered
with by my sense of duty on this occasion;
but we are discussing principles that are of
very great importance. If 1 understand the
result of the doctrines contended for by the
honorable Senator from New York, they will
simply amount to the complete destruction,
the annihilation of the pardoning power of our
Government under the Constitution. That is
precisely what it would bring us to, and if such
a result would not be disgraceful to us as a
people and destructive of all that entitles a
Government to respect, I know not how to
state it.
In all Governments that pretend to civiliza-
tion, in all Governments that pretend to found
themselves upon the truths of humanity, there
must somewhere reside a power of pardon for
offenses. It is but an imitation of a divine
attribute, and, however imperfectly it may be
imitated, it has become, by the common con-
sent of mankind, an honorable necessity to all
Governments that such a power should exist
and should be exercised with reason and
justice.
I have said that the construction contended
for by the honorable Senator from New York
would destroy this power in effect; and so it
certainly would. There is no delegation of
power more full and complete to any depart-
ment of our Government than that of the par-
doning power to the President of the United
States. In the second section of the second
article of tlfe Federal Constitution it is ex-
pressly declared that "he shall have power
to grant reprieves and pardons for ofl'euses
against the United States except in cases of
impeachment." The grant of power is full,
clear, distinct, with no condition or exception
but the one named. Under that clause of the
Constitution there is no possible offense against
the United States that cannot be pardoned by
the President; and the effect of his pardon is
to place the party who committed the offense,
in the eye of the law, just where he was before
the offense was committed, and that no con-
sequence of his act of any kind, no tinge of
wrong before the law can possibly attach to
him after the power of pardon has been fully
exercised.
I am perfectly aware that the United States
cannot be sued by its own people, that the sub-
ject or citizen cannot sue the sovereign Power,
that sovereign Powers have no equals ex-
cept among themselves. I am perfectly aware
that as an arrangement for the establishment
of justice in favor of its own citizens or other
classes, the Government can establish courts
in which it may be brought to the bar of its
own laws and there tried according to the
principles of those laws. I am perfectly aware
that early in the late war—from the tone of
Senators here sometimes one would think it
was a war still existing—Congress provided, by
an amendment to the original act establishing
this Court of Claims, that the parties litigant
against the Government should be what were
termed "loyal" citizens. I do not pretend to
give a definition of that most mysterious word.
Its definitions have been so varied, so strange,
