1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
200*
gentlemen, according to their notions, a partic-
ular interest, is to be selected and stricken down
without regard to the general policy that is
necessary in this country on this subject. Now,
sir, I atn acting in good faith 
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the honorable
Senator from West Virginia to allow me to
call tip House bill No. 2499, which has already
been read, and is Qn its final passage. I think
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. SAWYER. I object.
Mr. BOREMAN. If these gentlemen will
not hold me to the strict rule I will yield.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will not certainly. I will
excuse you.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina objects.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am amazed at the hon-
orable Senator. I have been helping him with
his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOREMAN". I should not have risen
had it not been for the intimation that was
thrown out by the Senator from Illinois, who
seems to be the patron of the measure now
before the Senate. I am in favor of the prop-
osition of the Senator from South Carolina. I
have given it some consideration. I believe it
is one of those exceptional cases which the
Senate should take up and consider. It is like
some others which stand upon exceptional cir-
cumstances and in which relief is justly due.
I expect to vote for the proposition of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and I do not want
to defeat its consideration. I do not intend to
do that. I am acting in good faith in regard
to this business, and that is my rule in regard
to all business that I transact on this floor, and
I wantno such intimations as have been thrown
out here in regard to this question.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope we shall now have
the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing the joint resolution repealing
the duty on coal, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to explain my vote
on this question. I shall vote to postpone
this joint resolution, knowingthat it is impossi-
ble to pass it, seeing the disposition here to
debate it during the remaining hours of the
session, and I am anxious that some practical
legislation should be had.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will not do that. Senators have given
notice here that tjiey will object to the passage
of any bill, so that there will be nothing gained
by it.
Mr. SAWYER. I think there will be much
gained by it. I hope we shall vote to postpone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver
mont gave notice a few minutes ago that he
would object to these other bills, so that noth-
ing will be gained.
Mr. McDONALD. I wish to make an ap
peal to the Senate. Yonder clock, Senators,
admonishes me that I have but an hoar to spend
with you ; and I ask the Senate whether they
want to have my valedictory in the passcvge of
a bill removing the disabilities of a few citizens
of the State ot Arkansas, all of whose names
hav.5 been submitted to the Committee on Dis-
ability, and the names of some of whom have
already passed the Senate in another bill which
has not been acted on in the other House. If
I do not get this bill through now I shall never
have an opportunity again. I had thought the
Senate would allow me to secure the passage
of this bill for the relief of a few persons who
have petitioned personally to have their dis
abilities removed. If the Senate will grant me
this favor it will be highly gratifying to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ark
ansas must see the position that that places other
Senators in. How ungracious it is to object
to such a request as he makes; and yet. the
Senator knows that I have stood here during
the whole session, and so have others, objecting
to the passage of bills to remove disabilities
from particular persons, because we favor a
general bill that shall remove disabilities from
everybody with a few exceptions. IIow can
we do this ? I have objected to a case pre-
sented by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Lewis,] as strong a case as could be presented ;
and now with what consistency can the Sen-
ator from Arkansas ask us, when we are in favor
of removing disabilities from the persons he
seeks to relieve as well as from others, to pass
this special bill? We know that no general
bill can be passed for the removal of disabili-
ties so long as Senators are allowed to remove
the disabilities of particular friends in this
way. It will be partial, it will be done through
feelings of kindness and favoritism to particu-
lar parties. That is not the way to legislate
for a great country. Let us by a general law
remove the poli tical disabilities of all classes
of persons who come within that law, and not
take up special eases to remove disabilities
from particular individuals who may happen
to be the favorites of members in either branch,
of Congress.
This would compel me to object to the bill
of the Senator from Arkansas; and if the
pending bill to repeal the duty on coal is post-
poned, I shall be compelled to offer as an
amendment to his proposition, when it is sub-
mitted, the general bill reported by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Robertson]
for the general removal of disabilities, which
will cover the cases he wishes to provide for,
among others ; and I shall be happy to have
that bill passed even now, in the last hours of
the session ; but I know it will be discussed.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is that the discussion of the
measure proposed by the Senator from Ark-
ansas is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. SAWYER. My motion is the only one
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to postpone the joint resolution now pending
before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have
often wondered why it is that habit has such
an overpowering control over all of us, aud I
say that especially with reference to the Sen-
ator from Illinois. Prom habit we do a great
many things which we ought not to do. From
the habit of objecting to everything the best
men in the world often do ungracious and un-
kind things. The opposition of the Senator
from Illinois now to the request of the Senator
from Arkansas is the most ungracious thing T
have seen attempted in this Senate. Only the
last year, when it was proposed to do a per-
sonal kindness to a Senator not of our own
politics but a Senator across the way from Ken-
tucky, we agreed to remove disabilities from
a long list, a hundred or two hundred, to oblige
the kind, good-hearted Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. McCreery.] -Now, here is a Senator
belonging to our own party who is about leav-
ing us, perhaps forever, with whom we have
been upon most intimate and kindly terms, a
man whom we all love, he asks us just to allow
him, before he leaves us, to carry comfort,
happiness, and pleasure to four or five families
in the State which he has been representing.
Who will object to that? Not a Senator, I am
sure, if he will reflect a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina, to postpone the joint resolution repeal-
ing the duty on coal; upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I wish, in
a very few words, in view of the declarations
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, simply
to announce t.he fact that I shall be obliged to
speak in detail upon this question in order to
justify the vote that I shall give as a Demo-
crat in this Chamber against this measure.
That is all I have to say now. If the question
shall be considered farther, I shall have some-
thing more to say.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 21; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Cat tell, Chandler, Conkling, Davis,
Hamilton of Maryland. Howard, Johnston, Mc-
Creery, McDonald, Osborn. Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, and Vickers—27.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Howell, Kellogg,
Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Schurz, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wilson, aad Yates—21.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Hamlin. Harris,
Lewis, Miller, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pat-
terson. Ramsey, Revels, Sanlsbury, Stearns, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, Warner, Willey,
and Williams—26.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
SISTERS OF MERCY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the second branch of the motion of
the Senator from South Carolina, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the House
bill relative to the Sisters of Mercy at Charles-
ton, South Carolina.
Mr. CAMERON. Is the motion now before
the Senate susceptible of amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, by the
usage of the Senate; it must be decided inde-
pendently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
bill read which we are asked to proceed to the
consideration of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill pro-
posed to be called up by the Senator from South
Carolina will be reported in full at the request
of the Senator from Vermont.
The bill was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina to proceed to the co nsideration of this bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 38, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Cole, Davis, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton
of Maryland. Harris. Hill. Howe, Johnston. Kel-
logg, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald, Miller, Nye, Os-
born, Pratt, Rice, Robertson. Boss, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Sherman, Soeneer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Thayer, Thurman, Viekers, Warner, Wilson, and
Yates—38. ^ , _ , . ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameion, Chandler, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Fer-
ry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howard,
Huwell, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Scott, Tip-
ton, and Trumbull—19.
ABSEN f— Messrs. Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell,
Conkling, Corbett, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Revels, Sehurz,
Stearns. Sumner, Willey, and Williams—17.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1590) for the
relief of the Sisters of our Lady of Mercy of
Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not propose to say
more than one word about this matter. It has
been before the Senate for two years. I have
tried to get a fair square vote on it many times,
knowing all the while that there was a major-
ity of Senators in this body who were in favor
of it. I trust the friends of the measure will
not say one word in the debate, but allow it to
be talked to death, if its opponents choose to
do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I entirely agree with the
wisdom of the policy of my friend from South
Carolina. I think that the less the friends of
this measure say about it the much more
likely it is to pass on other grounds than those
of time. He is quite right, and I am glad that
he states so frankly the fact, that the less there
is said about, this measure the better it is lor
his bill. Now, I wish to inquire whether there
is any report upon this bill and what commit-
tee it came from.
Mr S AWYER. There is no written report
upon it. It has been reported favorably trorn
the Committee on Military Afiairs and the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I addressed myself to
