570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
message from the nOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2536) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
lor the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2073) to change the time
of holding the terms of the circuit and district
courts at La Crosse, in the western district of
Wisconsin.
un'rolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice Presideut:
A bill (S. No. 1149) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the refunding of the
national debt;" and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 226) for the
relief of Richard P. Hammond.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the bill (S. No. 080) for
the relief of Joseph S. Finch & Co., of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania.
HOUSE RILLS RKFtiKilKD.
The bill (II. It. No. 2531!) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
^ The bill (II. R. No. 2573) to change the
time of holding the terms of the circuit, and
district courts at La Crosse, in the western
district of Wisconsin, was read twice by its
tit 1 p, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
MSOltPEIW IN TUN SOU I'll.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration ot' the resolution
that 1 offered yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Original Senate
resolutions have priority of that motion.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following Senate
resolution, which I ask to have acted upon now:
Jlrmlved. That a seloct committee of five Senators
bo appointed, to whioh shall ho referred tho docu-
ment* and papers recently laid before the Senate by
the President in rofercneo to the condition of tho
southern States: and that sueh commit too have power
to employ a clerk and stenographer, to lend tor per-
sons and papers, administer onths, and investigate
tho mutters referred to in the documents and papers
aforesaid; and tho truth or fnlaohoodof the crimes
and outrages of a political charaetoi alleged to have
been co mini tied in the southern States ; ami whether
there bo in those Htates security lor persons sind
property.
Mr. BAYARD. I will inquire if that reso-
lution is read for informal ion '!
The VICE PRESIDENT, ftis; but, unless
objected to the Senator from Indiana desires
its present consideration.
Mr. BAYAllD. I do object.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will be placed on the
Calendar.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to avoid that ob-
jection by moving to refer those papers to a
select committee; and I will modify the reso-
lution in that way. The papers are on the
table.
Mr. SHERMAN. The papers are on the
table, and can be referred either to a select
committee or to a standing committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana, according to the usages of the
Senate, can move to take the papers from the
table, and when taken from the table he can
move to refer them to any committee without
the resolution lying over. The papers are
now on the table.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for information, if
the resolution does not require more than one
reading if objected to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not.
Senate resolutions require but one reading;
joint resolutions require three readings. These
papers are now on the table, and are subject
to the disposition of the Senate. They can be
referred to a select committee, or to a stand-
ing committee, which latter motion has prior-
ity, under the rules, of a motion to refer to a
select committee. The Senator from Indiana
now moves to take from the table the Pres-
ident's messages on this subject, with the
accompanying documents.
Mr. MORTON. With a view to their refer-
ence.
Mr. CASSERLY. My objection is that I
do not think there is a quorum of the Senate
present. Here is a proposition to create a
new committee, after the fashion, I suppose,
of a committee somewhat remarkable in the
history of legislation which has gone out of
existence, for the purpose of taking up a sub-
ject which is not at all new, but indeed old
enough to be trite, if not something more. I
see no reason why the Senator from Indiana
should insist on pressing bis resolution to a
vote in a Senate so thin as that which we now
have. A large number of gentlemen who, I
think, might be inclined to discuss this prop-
osition, if it be open to discussion, are absent;
and I repeat that I doubt if there is a quorum
of the Senate present at this moment. Allow
mo to ask tho Chair whether I understood hira
to decide that by making the motion, pre-
sented in the shape in which the Senator from
Indiana now adopts, the question of the cre-
ation of a select committee can he disposed
of at the same time : whether that is not an
independent question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is an in-
dependent question; but the motion of the
Senator from Indiana now is to take the Pres-
ident's messages from the table. Papers that
are sent to the Senate, whether in response to
resolutions or not, are subject to reference by
the Senate to any committee they may see fit,
or they may lay them on the table. When the
documents referred to were presented they
wtne laid on the table, and the Senator from
Indiana now moves to take them from the
table ; and if that motion be adopted he states
that lie will then move a reference.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I ask that the mo-
tion be divided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana has only made the lirst part of his
motion ; that is, to take from the table the
President's messages on this subject.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
Tho V ICE PRESIDENT. The messages
are taken from the table.
Mr. MORTON. I now move their reference
to a select committee, in accordance with the
terms of the resolution I submitted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask, for information,
whether that proposition is entitled to be con-
sidered as of course the same day when it is
offered ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is by the usage
of the Senate, exactly as any executive com-
munication, that comes in either with or with-
out a resolution of the Senate calling for it, is
entitled to be referred under the rules of the
Senate. These messages are now before the
Senate by the action of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 can understand why
a motion to refer to a standing committee of
the Senate should be one that can be made on
the first day when the question arises before
the Senate ; but the motion to refer to a select
committee necessarily involves the creation of
a select committee, and I suppose that the
question whether another committee shall be
added to the committees of the Senate already
existing is one which should be laid over, under
the rules, if any objection is made. It is a
very important consideration. It goes to the
general shape of this auxiliary organization of
the Senate which we call its committees. Of
course that is a parliamentary question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
respond to the Senator from California by read-
ing the thirty-sixth rule, to be found on page
99 of the Digest. The rules carefully guard the
point lie suggests:
" "When motions are niado for reference of tho
samo subject to a select committee and to a stand-
ing committee, the question on reference to the
standing committee shall be first put."
It puts them both on a par, only giving pri-
ority to a standing committee in the matter of
the reference of papers.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then, if it be in order,
I move to refer these papers to the same com-
mittee which has thus tar had charge of this
subject since I have been in the Senate—the
Judieiary Committee. If that motion has
priority I ask that it be first put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be first
put under the thirty-sixth rule.
Mr. WILSON. I hope these papers will be
referred to a special committee, and that that
committee will devote a great deal of time to
the examination of this subject. I would have
no objection to the papers going to the Com-
mittee on the Judieiary other than the fact
that that committee has a great amount of
business on hand and cannot, devote much
time to this investigation. These papers I
know something about. They present an ap-
palling record, but probably only about one
tenth part of the record of the terrible crimes
that have been committed in this country, and
which have dishonored not only the country,
but the age in which we live. These crimes are
going on ; we get tho account of but, a small
portion of them, perhaps a tenth of them.
There should be something done for the pro-
tection of the people of this country. We owe
it to the people, we owe it to the fame of I he
country, to its good name; we owe it. to our-
selves that whatever we can do shall be done
to ferret out and put an end to these crimes
that are being committed to-day in the coun-
try. There is an official record from the offi-
cers of this country; it is a very small part, as
all men who know any thing about it know, of
what has been done. And yet there is a record
there such as lio Christian and civilized land
during the last five years can present. And
when these papers are printed or come to light
whoever examines the subject will eoine to that
conclusion.
Now, sir, what we want to do in this country
is to protect the lives of our people, put down
the Kuklux organizations, which are the legit-
imate descendants of the old legalized patrol
system that once existed in the South, carried
on now without hnv. Crimes are committed
under it that are shocking and appalling. They
are coming to light everyday, and nobody can
fail to sea them unless he shuts his eyes for
that purpose.
Now, sir, I hope these papers will go to a
special committee, that the committee will
devote time to tho investigation; and if there
is any legislation that can be devised propeily
under the Constitution of our country to pro-
tect our people against these things it should
be enacted.
Mr. WARNER. I hope this reference will
be made; and I concur with the Senator from
Massachusetts iti saying that the question in-
volved in the consideration of the documents
accompanying this message is the gravest one
that is now before or that can bo brought be-
fore this Senate. The condition of things in
the South demands attention. The securing
to all the citizens of the Republic there of
the rights which you have given them, and to
which they are entitled under the Constitution
of the United States and the State consti-
tutions, and under the laws of Congress and
of the States, is the plainest and most solemn
