1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
well, that when this war was flagrant, and
when Charleston was under bombardment by
the Union forces, this house, not belonging to
the Sisters of Mercy, not belonging to any pri-
vate individual, but belonging to the orphans,
who were there sheltered from the storms of
poverty and privation, was battered down. It
was the property of these children, and not
the property of these ladies, who devote their
lives to the service of God and humanity.
He knows very well that these Sisters of Mercy
went, in the dark hours of the rebellion, when
to do so was almost perilous, and assisted
Union soldiers who were in the prisons of
Charleston and Union soldiers who were lan-
guishing in the hospitals of Charleston. He
knows, and the country knows, that the Gen-
eral of the Army, the honored General Sher-
man, General Sickles, General Meade, General
Gilmore, and other military commanders who
have been stationed at Charleston, have recom-
mended that this gratuity be offered. The sharp
eyes of the Senator from Vermont see a claim
in this bill. It is not such in the sense in which
that word is usually employed here. It is a
claim of charity from the country to the poor
orphans who were rendered houseless and
homeless while their guardians were minister-
ing to the wants of the country's defenders
while they were sick and in prison.
Mr. President, let it be remembered that in
1861, when it was thought dangerous for any
person who adhered to the national Govern-
ment to remain in Charleston, these Sisters of
Mercy went to the wife of one of our honored
generals and offered her an asylum in this very
building which fell under our shot and shell;
and let the Senator from Vermont reflect, after
the hour shall have struck which marks the
close of this session, with satisfaction, if he
can, upon the fact that he has been able to
defeat the generous wish of a majority of this
body to render to these ladies some aid in their
work of benevolence, some tribute of a grate-
ful nation for service rendered in a devout and
honorable way.
One word more, and I am done. The Sena-
tor fromVermont says this is a sale of charity,
and he characterizes it as monstrous. I leave
him to say which is the more monstrous, to
accept proffered reward for honorable service
honorably performed without hope or expect-
ation of reward, or to refuse to recognize just
claims upon our gratitude in behalf of orphans
made houseless and homeless, while their
guardians were feeding and nursing our sick
and imprisoned soldiers.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, there are
some papers upon your table which require
the attention of the Senate before its term
shall expire of an executive character. I
therefore move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope we may be al-
lowed to pass the bill which has been discussed
this morning and without one word more of
debate. I ask my friend from Maine to with-
draw his motion and let us take the vote on
the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. That cannot be.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would not object to that,
but I know there are gentlemen here who
would object and who mean to speak still.
Therefore it will defeat the object. We now
have but twenty minutes. I do not want to
interpose objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal to every one.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me assure the Senator
that there are Senators here who avow to me
their determination to speak.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope no one would
talk against time on this little bill. Let us
vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business, pending
which the Chair desires to submit two mes-
sages from the President in legislative session.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 2d in-
stant, correspondence from the legation of the
United States at Constantinople relating to the
resolutions on the passage of the straits of
Dardanelles and the Bosporus by the ships of
other nations; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with the resolution
of the Senate of February 1, 1871, dispatches
of Hon. Henry T. Blow, minister of the Uni-
ted States to the court of Brazil; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
notification to the president.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, it was
Resolved, Thatacom_mitf.ee, consisting of two mem-
bers, be appointed, to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President and inform him that unless he
may have some farther communication to make the
two Houses of Congress are ready to elose their ses-
sion by an adjournment sine die.
The VICE PRESIDENT being, by unani-
mous consent, authorized to appoint the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate, Mr. Morton
and Mr. Thurman were appointed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 913) granting the right of
way to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Rail-
way Company for its road across the Oneida
reservation in the State of Wisconsin;
An act (S. No. 1271) to amend an act for
the relief of Jearum Atkins, approved July
15, 1870;
An act (S. No. 545) for the relief of William
Chinn;
An act (S. No. 659) for the relief of A. A.
De Long;
An act (S. No. 1202) confirming the title to
certain lands;
An act (S. No. 829) in relation to fraudulent
trade-marks upon foreign watches ;
An act (S. No. 1137) to extend the benefits
of the donation law of September 27, 1850, to
certain persons;
An act (S. No. 140) to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 190) to com-
pensate John L. Mills, late second lieutenant
of the second Indiana battery, for one horse
lost in the service.
executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. TIPTON. Is that motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, under
the rules of the Senate. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The question was put; and a division being
called for, there were—ayes 25, noes 30.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler,_ Corbett, Cra-
gin, Kdmunds, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Kellogg,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pratt, Riee, Scott, Trum-
bull, and Warner—26. .
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Casserly, Cole, Conkling.Davis, Fenton, Fowler, eil-
bcrt, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Lewis,
MeCreery, McDonald, Miller, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool. Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spfcncer, Sprague, Stearns, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Sumner. Thayer. Thurman. Tipton, Vickers,
Wilson, and Yates—39.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Howe. Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Patterson, Revels, Schurz, Willey,
and Williams—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
sisters of mercy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1596) for the
relief of the Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy, of
Charleston. South Carolina.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say, in just as few
words as possible, that I voted to proceed to
the consideration of this bill, and I shall vote
for its passage; but I want to say to my friend
from Vermont that I myself, however other
Senators may act, do not vote upon any idea
in the world that the Government owes this
money to these Sisters of Mercy. It is not a
debt, it is not a claim. I do not understand
that we owe it as a compensation for any ser-
vice that they have performed. I do not agree
with the Senator from Vermont that they have
not done any more than their duty. If these
sisters have done no more than their duty,' I
fear in the final account most of us will find
that we have done a great deal less than ours.
This thing they have done, which we have
not: they have literally, not figuratively speak-
ing, devoted their lives to charitable works.
We have not. This is not a compensation,
because they cannot get one dollar's benefit
from it; it goes to make up a fund, every far-
thing of which belongs to charity, and not one
farthing of which belongs to them.
Now, Mr. President, the fact is simply this,
in my judgment: there was a property there
devoted to charitable uses; we, through one
of the inexorable necessities of war, reduced
that fund. We were not to blame for doing
it; we had to do it; but then we reduced a
charitable fund; and I think the Government
can afford to make it good just as well as the
Government can afford to appropriate the
moneys that you appropriate during every
session of Congress to charities which you
never have reduced at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Outside of this District?
Mr, HOWE. Outside of this District.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where?
Mr. HOWE. I cannot now recall the in-
stance of it. There is a variety of soldiers'
homes throughout the country. We do ap-
propriate to charities whenever we think they
deserve it, whether we have injured them or
not. It is upon that ground that I vote to
make this charity good.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if I recol-
lect rightly, it is only a few days since the
Senator from Pennsylvania asked of the Sen-
ate to appropriate a small sum of money, I do
not recollect how much 
Mr. SCOTT. Twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. HOWARD. Some twenty thousand
dollars for the benefit of the orphans of the
soldiers and officers who fell in the battle of
Gettysburg, Union soldiers, Union officers;
and after discussion of that question the Sen-
ate deliberately refused to appropriate that sum
of money for the benefit of those orphan chil-
dren.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make a report
from the committee appointed to wait on the
President.
Mr. HOWARD. I yield.
Mr. THURMAN. The committee appointed
to wait on the President and inquire whether
he had any further communication to make,
have performed that duty, aud have received
for answer from the President that he has
to aunounce his signature of sundry bills
and that he had no other communication to
make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will resume.
Mr. HOWARD. I know not, sir, what
reason can possibly exist for refusing that
small sum of money for the benefit of the
orphan children of the fallen at Gettysburg,
which should at the same time justify Con-
gress in appropriating $20,000 to assist in
rebuilding the orphan asylum of the Sisters
of Mercy at Charleston, South Carolina. I
cannot consent to any such thing and I never
