1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
duty now resting upon this Senate, and upon
this Congress; and I hope that this committee
may be excused, if appointed, from other
labors, and that for the remainder of this ses-
sion they may give their whole time and all
their best energies and abilities to the investi-
gation of the condition of things in the South,
and to the devising of some remedy or some
means by which" security of life and property
and the free exercise of the rights granted to
every American citizen by the Constitution
shall be guarantied.
1 called attention a year and a half ago in
the Senate, on the occasion of the announce-
ment of the death of Mr. Hines, a member
of Congress who was assassinated in Arkan-
sas for political opinion's sake, to the fact
that while this Government had shown its
power to crush an armed rebellion, to crush
a rebellion supported by a million of armed
men, it had yet failed to show its power to
protect its citizens; and I hoped that it would
speedily show that it could extend over the
humblest of its citizens its protecting shield.
I hope this comfnittee may be appointed, and
that they_ will bring to the consideration of
this question a due sense of the responsibility
which rests upon them. The condition of
things in some portions of the South, the in-
security of life #nd property, the wholesale
denial to American citizens of the rights guar-
antied to them by the Constitution and by the
laws, is a disgrace to the American Republic,
and would be tolerated in no other Govern-
ment on the face of the earth.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it is most
unfortunate, though unhappily not at all un-
usual in this body, that an attempt should be
made by Senators now to forestall and fore-
judge this whole subject of the inquiry pro-
posed before the papers have been opened for
the consideration of the Senate.
I think we all understand this matter in its
present phase. There is no man of any candor
here who, whatever he may forbear to say in
this public presence, would not admit elsewhere
that the result of the doings of a special com-
mittee to be constituted in reference to the
papers now upon the table is already a fore-
gone conclusion. "Why, sir, is it not too pal-
pable for anybody's doubt or contradiction?
We had the whole subject here at the last ses-
sion. Within a year the most distinguished
men of the majority here, including the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who has
offered this resolution, exhausted themselves
and the subject, I will not say for the purpose,
but with the result, of fanning into new life, as
far as they could, the embers of a great civil
war, the embers of sectional conflict and hate.
And, sir, was there ever anything that failed
so signally as did that labored endeavor,
whether you consider this body and the result
here, or the result before the people at the
recent elections? The mass of the charges,
if I remember correctly, upon which the Sen-
ator from Indiana descanted then with so
much vehemence, with so much power, I regret
to say, considering the evils of his course,
were stale charges, charges that had been gone
over and over again until holes were worn
through them. Certainly they were charges a
great many of which were as old as 1867. Are
there any new charges here to-day? If there
are, why has not the country heard of them?
What figure have they made in the press 1
Whence have they been dug up ?
Sir, I shall regret a controversy here; I shall
regret any proceeding which will tend to open
auew the flood-gates of hatred, even although
".hat opening may serve to stay the doom of a
perishing party. Here and now I say it, there
is no party in this country, and there never
was, which is worth so much to the country
as to compensate in the smallest degree for
the renewal of sectional and fratricidal ani-
mosities like those of the last ten years. I am
attached to the political party to which I bo-
long because of its excellent principles, of its
great services in the past, and its great capaci-
ties for usefulness in the future. But if even
that party could not be maintained except by
arraying one part of the country against the
other, except by slandering and maligning a
part of the Union in order to fan into being
again the flames of civil hatred, well-nigh
extinguished by time and the better sense of
the people, I would say, let it perish, let it go
down ; the best thing for it is speedy burial.
I care not how great any party may be in its
pretensions or its power, I care not how dis-
tinguished a leader in that party a man maybe,
I say that party is an evil, and that man is mis-
chievous, when he or it seeks to revive in the
country the bloody memories of the past, or
to fix upon a great portion of our people a
brand of disgrace before the world as savages
scarcely fit to exist, and to put upon them at
home the badge of a galling inferiority.
I do not believe either in the accusations
or in the policy that prompts them. I can
well understand that there are in the South
disorderly and violent men. They are the
natural fruits of the war and of your own mis-
government. They are but a handful, easily
dealt with by any Government dealing with
them in the right spirit. But what I do not be-
lieve is that the mass of the southern people
are the barbarians they have been represented
to be, over and over on this floor, by prominent
Senators of the majority. It would be a great
deal better for the dignity of this body, for the
peace of this country, for the good standing of
the American people before the enlightened
judgment of Christendom, to say at once what
is the object of all this exaggerated outcry of
outrages in the South; of all this hollow parade
of investigations—far better to come directly
to the point like men, and let it be understood
that no one of the States lately in insurrection
will be permitted to come back here until she
sends to the Senate and to the House of Rep-
resentatives men whose party politics shall be
acceptable to the accidental party majority in
each.
Let that be understood ; then will there be
no need any more'for the periodical perform-
ances here, for the demonstrations of passion
or the torrent of studied vituperation poured
out against the people of the South. If I
thought the tenth part of such vituperation
could be true, I should mourn over the land
that had nursed such children as inevitably
lost. What a gain that change would be for
the proprieties of this body and for the gen-
eral credit of the American people. The
proceedings of to-day show that the old evil
spirit is still strong. I sincerely regret it;
none the less that this new movement is wholly
without provocation. Nobody knows better
than the members of this Senate who have
been longest here how easy it is anywhere
throughout that southern land, upon which,
from this Capitol, Congress frowns with aspect
so malign—with its whole system of labor dis-
organized, with its social system broken up
from the very foundations, filled with ruined
men, with all the rankling animosities left by
a great civil war, as well in the victor as in
his victim—I say Senators know how easy it
is throughout such a land to obtain from idle,
ignorant, malignant, or suborned witnesses
just as much testimony as is wanted here for
the purpose of blackening the character of
the people of the southern States, exasper-
ating the dominant party, and preparing the
way for fresh operations in the line of "recon-
struction."
I do not doubt that in parts of the South
there are troubles. Considering the terrible
ordeal, first of the war and then of your mis-
government, it would be wonderful if there
were not. But why exaggerate them; why
turn them into capital for a party?
.Why, sir, in the county of Westchester, New
York, dHring the war of the Revolution, and
far a considerable time afterward, there were
enormities perpetrated, as we know from his-
tory, as great, if not greater, all things con-
sidered, than any that have been charged upon
the people of the southern States. Between
the wretched banditti known as "Skinners"
and "Cow Boys" that hung upon the skirts of
the two parties, the Patriots and the Tories,
there was constantly raging a war of robbery,
of rapine," of murder, so that whatever side
gained the ascendency anywhere the other side
had immediately to fly.
Sir, we ought to have some patience with
the people of the South. The terrible evils of
such a civil war as we have gone through, its
disorders and its rancors, are not to be allayed
in a day. For the sake of those people and of
the country I regret that the question has been
turned into one of party ascendency in the
Government, but especially in Congress. But
for'that Senators would have patience. But
for that we might safely trust to the natural
goodness of men, here and elsewhere, to be a
little patient with a people so sorely tried, to
give time for bitterness to depart, for disorders
to subside, for society to recover its healthful
and normal action. But, sir, there is nothing
so destructive of good government as partisan
zeal heated beyond a certain point. When the
question is of the maintenance of a party, the
maintenance of a party ascendency in the coun-
try, and gentlemen have persuaded themselves,
rightly or wrongly, that the party and its ascend-
ency are indispensable to certain principles
which they regard as not merely salutary, but
essential to what they call "the life of the
nation," I can understand how men otherwise
capable of impartial judgment, otherwise ac-
cessible to reason and to justice, to say nothing
of generosity, are upon such an issue deaf to
them all.
It was not at all my purpose to discuss the
general merits of this question. The Senator
from Massachusetts, however, who spoke awhile
ago, [Mr. Wilson,] opened the discussion by
a declaration in advance of what would be his
judgment upon the contents of the papers sent
here by the President. The Senator from Ala-
bama sitting directly in front of me [Mr. War-
ner] followedin thesame strain, from whom, if
I recollect aright, at the last session we heard
a speech on this very subject conceived in
another, and, I say it with all due respect, in
a more wholesome, nobler, and wiser spirit.
I could not, for one, allow such statements to
go to the country without in some way noticing
them and replying to them.
I think, sir, we shall save a great deal of
time, we shall avoid a great deal of bad blood,
and a great deal of what is called in plain
speech " washing our dirty linen in public"
before the face of the whole world, if we shall
only permit ourselves to recognize frankly what
everybody understands in reference to all these
proceedi ngs for inquisition af'terinquisition into
the condition of the States of the South.
If the elections which have been held in the
South and which resulted unfavorably to the
dominant party are to be set aside as a party
necessity, let it be done manfully and above
board; but let not the Senate, in addition, go
into the business of defaming the country.
You do defame the country when you blast
the character of any considerable portion of
its people before the world. It is idle for the
rest of the country to hope to escape. The
judgment of history is a judgment in general,
and justly so. When the most prominent men
of the dominant party of the United States
for the last ten years announce to the world
over and over, as their deliberate judgment,
that a large portion of the territory of the
United States and a large portion of the peo-
ple of the United States are in a condition
little better than barbarous by reason of the
disorders there, the want of security for life,
limb, property, or rights of any kind, they in-
flict a wound upon the character of the whole
American people.
I have but a word to add as to the course of
tliis proceeding, and the discussion thus ere-
