1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
their disagreement to the first, second, and third
amendments of the Senate, and asree to the same.
VT. H. KELSEY.
LUKE P. POLAND,
W. E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part uf the House,
C. COLE,
CHAKLES SUMNER,
JOHN P. STOCKTON.
Managers on the part of the Senate,
The report was concurred in.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
■ Mr. DICKEY. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole, to resume the
consideration of the special order, being the
Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. In the absence of the
chairman of the committee, the gentleman
from Ohio, Mr. Garfield, the gentleman from
Iowa, Mr. Loughridge, will take the chair.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Loughridge in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. R. No. 2816) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending Juue 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was upon the amendment offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Jokes,] to add as an additional section the
following:
And be it further enacted. That the Government
of the United States shall pay for and have undis-
puted title to the ground of such cemeteries.
_ Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, the sol-
diers who fell in defense of our national exist-
ence are at least entitled to the right of sepul-
ture. And if there is one sentiment in the
hearts of the American people which above
all others is omnipotent, it is the determina-
tion that their graves shall never be disturbed
by sacrilegious hands. We make no war upon
the graves of those who upon many a battle-
field challenged our admiration as a brave and
spirited foe. And if any gentleman upon this
floor or elsewhere imagines that we will suffer
the honored forms of onr fallen comrades to
be torn from their last resting-place, he is
wofully ignorant of the character, resources,
and temper of the men who put down the
rebellion.
There is, Mr. Chairman, no question as to
the title of the Government to Arlington and
the other national cemeteries. It rests pri-
marily upon the right of conquest. The land
was taken from the enemy during actual hos-
tilities and appropriated for a purpose as last-
ing as time. The rule is laid down by the
most eminent writers on international law as
follows:
"From the moment one State is at. war with
another it has, on general principles, a right to seize
on all the enemy's property ot whatsoever kind and
wherever found, and to appropnate the property
thus taken to its own use."—Wheaton, International
Jjaw, 419.
The law of nations, indeed, recognizes the
right, of postliminium, or the right of return,
on the coming into power again of the nation
to which the property originally belonged.
Grotius, book three, chapter nine, says:
"Among things recoverable by postliminy the first
to be considered are lands. It is true,(saith Pompo-
neus,) the enemy being beaten out of the lands which
they had seized on, the right ot them returns to the
former owner. But the enemy must be understood
then to be driven out from the time wherein it is
plainly evident that ttiey cannot return."
The land may also revert to the original
owner when it is no longer required for the
use of the State. But in case of a cemetery
it is evident that such a time can never come.
It cannot be claimed that the United States
was not vested with this power. The Supreme
Court, in the Prize Cases, in 1862, laid down
the following rule:
"The present civil war between the United States
and the so-called confederate States has such a char-
acter and magnitude as to give the United States
the same rights and powers which they might exer-
cise in case of a national or foreign war."—2 Black,
636.
In the second place, Mr. Chairman, these
cemeteries are the property of the United States
by a legal and valid appropriation. The Con-
stitution, article one, section eight, expressly
empowers the General Government to declare
and carry on war, to raise and support armies,
and in the last clause of the section—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by the Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States or in
any department or officer thereof."
The burial of the dead is a necessary inci-
dent of the war, and the right to take and hold
land for that purpose comes clearly within this
grant of power. There is nothing in this view
of the subject or in the action of the Govern-
ment which conflicts with the following clause
of the sixth article of the amendments of the
Constitution:
"Nor shall any person be subject for the same
offense to be twice putin jeopardy of life or limb;
nor shall be compelled in any criminal case .to be a
witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property, without due process of law ; nor
shall private property be taken for public use with-
out just compensation."
The land was taken during a state of war,
when " due process of law " was impossible.
When peace was restored the Government,
with a magnanimity which the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Jokes] seems incapable of
understanding, made ample provisions for a
just, and more than just, compensation by
"due process of law" for all lauds appro-
priated.
The act of Congress of February 22, 1867,
entitled "An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," authorizes the Secretary
of War to enter upon, purchase, and take any
real estate that may in his judgment be neces-
sary for establishing cemeteries for the burial
of the soldiers of the Republic. The act also
provides that the Secretary of War, or the owner
or owners of the real estate so appropriated,
may make application to any district or circuit
court within any State or district where the
same is situated, for an appraisement of the
property so taken, and the interest of any
claimant thereto.
The courts are open to the descendants of
General Lee and all other persons. If they
have any valid claims against the United States
for lands appropriated for national cemeteries
they can be fully and fairly heard whenever
they choose to go into court.
The statement of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Jones] is full of errors. He errs
when lie states that the Government has no
other claim to the Arlington estate than a tax
title. He errs when he states that this property
belongs to Mrs. Lee. It was bequeathed by
George Washington Parke Custis to Custis
Lee, who was an officer in the rebel army.
He errs when he states that the Government
unjustly denies compensation for any legal in-
terest which the descendants of General Lee
may have, and he errs most of all when he
supposes that the American people will ever
'suffer the bodies of the Uiflon soldiers to be
dug up by the prowling hyena or the malig-
nant traitor.
Mr. HOLMAN Mr. Chairman, I am certain
there is not a gentleman upon this floor the
representative of any constituency in this great
country who would listen to the suggestion
that the resting-places of the men who fell in
the defense ot the Union should be touched
or disturbed by any sacrilegious hand. These
national cemeteries, sir, are the sacred spots
upon the lace of this broad land, as sacred as
the battle-fields of liberty. They are sacred
and hallowed in the memory and affections of a
grateful and patriotic people. Sir, no propo-
sition has been brought before this House, and
I trust in God none ever will be brought before
this House, which proposes in any degree, how-
ever remote, to affect these hallowed spots,
except it be to adorn and beautify them as fit
memorials of the glorious patriotism they must
forever commemorate, monuments to the glo-
rious dead and monuments of the fidelity of
the American people to the great cause of the
Union in which they fell, memorials of a patri-
otism which encountered without wavering
the iron front of battle on a thousand fields.
These spots, sir, are more glorious in the noble
purpose which filled them with the sacred ashes
of the dead than the heights of Phyle or the
field of Marathon. Yes, sir, the memory of
the soldiers who fell in the cause of the Union
is sacred. In the beautiful words of the great
poet—
"They fell devoted, but undying :
The very gale their names seeui'd sighing ;
The waters murmur of their name:
The woods were peopled with their fame;
The silent pillar, lone and gray,
Claims kindred with their sacred clay ;
Their spirits wrapt the dusky mountain,
Their memory sparkled o'er the fountain ;
The meanest rill, the mightiest river,
Roll'd, mingling with their fame, for ever."
No, sir; this House of Representatives will
never listen for a moment to a proposition to
disturb the hallowed dust of the men who died
for the union of these States. The proposi-
tion before the committee, which I think is
entirely unnecessary—I agree with the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stocghtox] upon
that point—-is simply, as I understood the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Joxes,] to perfect the title of the Government
to these hallowed spots, so that no question
shall be raised as to whether they have been
dedicated forever as the lasting resting-places
of the heroes of the late war.
I agree with the gentleman from Michigan.
I think that no further legislation is necessary
for this purpose ; but whether such question
may arise or not, I am confident that this
nation, as long as patriotism shall live, will
hold these national cemeteries under the spe-
cial charge of the nation, sacred and conse-
crated grounds.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House. I do it for
the purpose of enabling the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swanx] to proceed with a meas-
ure of which he has charge.
Mr. S\V ANN. I am much obliged to the
gentleman for his courtesy.
The motion of Mr. Dickey was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to make a state-
ment personal to myself. In the remarks
which I make yesterday upon the Army bill
I stated that I should oiler certain amend-
ments, limiting the appropriations to what I
considered to be the constitutional purposes
for which the Army might be used : but under
the ruling of the Chair on the motion of my
colleague, [Mr. Holmajt,] who ottered an
amendment yesterday, which was sustained by
the committee on an appeal, all sueli amend-
ments as I contemplated were held to be not
in order; improperly so held, 1 think, and
contrary to the precedents ; but in view of that
ruling 1 will not consume the time of the com-
mittee in offering the amendments which other-
wise I should have proposed to the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I think my friend is mis-
taken in saying ihat the ruling of the Chair
was contrary to precedent. I think the ruling
of the gentleman then in the chair was strictly
in accordance with precedents. As I under-
stood the Chair, he ruled that limitations upon
the power ot the Executive were a change of
existing law, and therefore out of order.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 call the attention of the
