1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
gentleman to the case of the Nebraska bill in
1854.
Mr. SARGENT. The precedent referred
to is somewhat ancient and does not occur to
my recollection at the present time, except
that I believe there was a conflict between the
two Houses.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question
before the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is a motion in order to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill?
Mr. DICKEY. The bill has been laid aside
to be reported to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desired to make that
motion for the purpose of submitting some
remarks upon the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been laid
aside, and the Chair recognizes the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Swank,] who has charge
of a measure upon which he desires the action
of the Committee of the Whole.
SURVEY or NORTHWESTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. SWANN. I now desire to call up the
joint resolution of the House No. 464, author-
izing the President of the United States to
appoint a joint commission upon the north-
western boundary.
This joint resolution was unanimously re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is a matter of very considerable importance
and was made the special order in Committee
of the Whole, but was laid over on account
of the priority of the appropriation bills which
have engaged the attention of the House for
so long a time. This resolution proposes to
appropriate $100,000 to commence the survey
of the northwestern boundary upon the forty-
ninth parallel of latitude, from, the Lake of
the Woods to the Rocky mountains. It has
been recommended by the President of the
United States ; and the report of the engineer-
in-chief states that the cost of the whole sur-
vey would amount to about three hundred
thousand dollars. An objection was made to
the bill by my honorable friend from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hoi.man,] who desired that instead
of appropriating the whole amount at this
time we should appropriate only enough to
commence this survey; and, by instruction
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I will
move to amend by striking out the words "per
annum," in the second resolution, so as to
limit this appropriation to $100,000. I will
state in reference to this matter that I have
been approached by our minister to England ;
1 have had frequent messages from the Sec-
retary of State in reference to the import-
ance of this measure. I hope, therefore, that
it will be taken up at this time, considered by
the Committee of the Whole, and finally dis-
posed of.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Loughridge.) The
joint resolution will be read.
Tlie joint resolution was read, as follows :
lie it ri bulve'lby the Senate and House of llepraen'a-
tivesof the United Slate# of America in Congress assem-
bled, That tuo President of the United States, by
and with tho advice and consent of the Senate,
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cooperate with
the Government of Great Britain in the appoint-
. ment of a joint commission in accordance with tho
plan and estimates of A. A. Humphrey?, brigadier
general and oinefof engineers, submitted November
2.1 1870, fur determining the boundary line between
the United States and the British possessions be-
tween the Lake of the Woods and the Rocky mount-
ains, at sueh time as he may deem advisable.
SfiC. 2. Anil be it Anther resolved, That $100,001) per
annum, or so much thereof as may bo roquired, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to carry into eiieet the object of said joint commis-
sion on the part of tho United States and Great
Butain, until the said boundary shall have been
established.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the Clerk to read the
extract from the President's message which I
have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In April last, while engaged in locating a mili-
tary reservation near Pembina, a corps of engineers
discovered that the commonly received boundary
line between the United States and tho British pos-
sessions nr that, place is about forty-seven hundred
teet south of the true position of the forty-ninth
parallel, and that the line, whenrun onwbatisnow
supposed to be the true position of that parallel,
would leave the fort of the Hudson Bay Company,
at Pembina within the territory of the United States.
This information being communicated to the British
Government, I was requested to consent and did
consent that the British occupation of the fort of the
Hudson Bay Company should continue for the pres-
ent. I deem it important, however, that this part
of the boundary line should be definitely fixed by a
joint commission of the two Governments, and X
submit herewith estimates of the expense of sncb a
commission on the part of the United States, and
recommend that an appropriation be made for that
purpose. The land boundary has already been fixed
and marked from the summit of the Rocky mountains
to the Georgian bay. Itshould now be, in like man-
ner, marked from the Lake of the Woods to the
summit of the Rocky mountains."
Mr. DAWES. I recognize the necessity of
running the line as indicated in what has been
read at the Clerk's desk. But I rise to call
the attention of the Committee of the Whole
to the fact that it is proposed to expend upon
that work at the outset the sum of $300,000.
I know it is proposed to appropriate at this
time but ยง300,000. And I know very well that
the gentleman is verified by the estimates for
that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. We ask only $100,000.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; ยง100,000 to begin
with. But it is upon a plan and scheme under
which they can only promise, in the outset,
that it will cost but $300,000. I venture to
put upon the record, alongside of this the first
appropriation, the prediction that before this
survey is completed, under the estimates from
time to time, more than two million dollars
will be required. My only purpose in rising at
this time is not with any idea of defeating this
measure, but to ask the attention of the Com-
mittee of the Whole to the question whether
they do propose at all to arrest the free and
unlimited disposition to appropriate money
upon the largest possible scale for everything
that comes recommended to us here.
I do not desire, any more than I have de-
sired heretofore, to be continually complaining
about these estimates. But I think my friends
will not very well like to see the aggregate
of our appropriations at the close of this ses-
sion of Congress. I cannot see that I, or
the committee which I represent, have Emit-
ted, wherever it was in our power, to cut down
these estimates. But, sir, after all, if theHouse
desires to go to the country at the close of this
session with appropriations amounting in the
aggregate to $12,000,000 more than those with
which we went to the country at the close of
the last session of Congress, if the House is
willing to take this responsibility, I have noth-
ing to add except this: that in spite of all the
efforts which are made here the aggregate of
appropriations for the present fiscal year will,
in my judgment, exceed those of last year by
more than the sum I have already indicated.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us how much we have already appropriated for
the survey of this boundary? Did wenot make
for many years an annual appropriation of
ยง75,000 for this purpose?
Mr. DAWES. I am not able to tell the
aggregate; but my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] who served for a great while
upon what was then the Committee of Ways
and Means, reminds me that $75,000 was
appropriated anuualiy for a period running
back far beyond the time when he and I en-
tered Congress. Now, after those appropri-
ations had been continued for about twenty
years, it was discovered last summer that
there had been a mistake in regard to the
whole matter, and that all the work must be
gone over at a renewed expenditure. I wish
that my friend from Tennessee, whose mem-
ory is so much better than mine, would add up
the various appropriations of $75,000 which
have been made for the survey of this north-
western boundary.
Mr. JUDD. My colleague on the committee
[Mr. Swasn] yields the floor to me.
Mr. SWANN. I will do so when I have
made a shoit explanation.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, how am I
taken off the floor? I believe I was recognized
as entitled to the floor in my own right.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the under-
standing of the Chair the gentleman from Mary-
j land [Mr. Swakn] had the floor and yielded
; to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
; Dawes.]
i Mr. DAWES. I addressed the Chair, and
| the Chair assigned me the floor. If I am mis-
taken about the matter I will take my seat.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Chairman, this is an
Administration measure, and my honorable
i friend from Illinois [Mr. Jcdd] has caused to
be read at the Clerk's desk the message of
the President urging the importance of this
survey. It is known to the House that very
great anxiety is felt by our public officers and
agents at Pembiaa in reference to the danger
of collisions which may take place at. any
time while this boundary line is unsettled and
in abeyance.
I have no disposition whatever in this appro-
priation to interfere with such measures of
economy as the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
may recommend. I am an advocate for econ-
omy. I will concur with him most cordially
in reducing appropriations-to the utmost pos-
sible limit not incompatible with the public
interest, But this is a measure of national
importance, because it defines the boundary
j between this country and Great Britain now
: in dispute. It is, I may say, connected in some
I degree with the business of the higli commis-
sion about to assemble in this city.
Mr. ALLISON. I should be glad if the
gentleman would state how this can possibly
have any connection with the business of that
commission.
Mr. SWANN. We desire to remove all
these causes of misunderstanding and irrita-
tion between the two Governments.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it not probable that we
shall by means of this commission acquire the
whole of this northwestern region ?
Mr. SWANN. We want to show our dis-
position to settle upon a ;ust basis all these
questions promptly ; and hence the President
of the United States has recommended the
early commencement of this survey in order
that we may remove as speedily as possible
any cause of collision likely to arise between
the authorities of the two Governments.
The honorable chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations states that the expense of
making this survey may amount to millions of
dollars. Now, sir, I do not know how the
House is to be guided if not by the high officers
who are in charge of the engineer department.
They justify no such assumption, I hold in
my hand the estimate of General Humphreys,
the chief engineer, detailing specifically every
item of expense which is likely to arise in the
prosecution of this survey. According to
this estimate the aggregate expeuse will be
$300,000 and no more; but in order to gratify
my friend from Iudiatia, [Mr. Hoi.MAX,] the
Committee on Foreign Affairs have agreed to
confine the appropriation for the present year
to $100,000, in order that the work may com-
mence at once without too large an outlay.
The spring is coming on, and it is necessary
that the corps of engineers for this purpose
should be organized promptly and euter upon
their duties. If we do not now make pro-
vision for this survey it may be delayed for
months, or perhaps for years.
If we are going to locate this line, if we wish
to prevent the danger of those collisions which
under present circumstances may take place
at any moment between the authorities of the
two Governments, (for, sir, there has already
been an official correspondence upon this sub-
ject with the Treasury Department,) it is
necessary the House should act now; and I
think that sufficient evidence is before the
House to satisfy members that the cost of this
survey is correctly shown in the estimate of
