1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
Daily Register, edited by John Forsyth, upon
this same subject:
" It was ill worth while for the Associated Press to
send the loathsome trash which it forwarded us as
the 'lesponses to McCreery in Senate.' It might as
well have telegraphed us at length the ribaldry of
some Washington brothel. For all that is valuable
in the brawl—lor it cannot be called debate—we
could afford to wait for the mail. And, indeed, the
matter ha certain value, as illustrating the invet-
erate hate and abhorrenceot the Radicals to all that
is good. Why, the mention of the name of Lee
among them never fails to produce a spit and a snarl;
but the portrayal of his virtues, the holding of his
pure and noble image up to their gaze, and com-
pelling them to look at it for the space of twenty
minutes, was a torture to thein like nothing we can
think of so much as throwing a shovelful of hot ashes
into a nest of vipers. How they did squirm and
swell and hiss and bitel Senator McCreery de-
serves well of the country and of humanity for
having compelled them to put upon record, in per-
petuity, the manifestation of their instinctive hatred
of decency, propriety, honor, magnanimity, valor,
virtue and nobility.
"Ebmcnds led off with that trite piece of stupid-
ity about General Lee having been the ward of the
nation, and then digressed to his crime, and thence
to the resting-place of the United States dead which
it was proposed to desecrate. And so he would deny
McCreery leave to introduce his resolution! Sum-
ner was of course the noisiest, the most indecent and
the silliest of the lot. Morton, who is a guileless
blockhead, let out his vexation at having been com-
pelled to listen to a eulogy on Lee; just as if that
was not all thatMr. McCreery wanted.
''Then we have sev ci a 1 pages of taint blue and black
lead characters, too tedious to peruse; but we see the
word traitor here antl there, and that some Senator
was atraid there would be an early move to make
that 'other great traitor,' Davis, President. The
sweet, Senators need not trouble themselves. Davis
would never accept the Presidency unless upon the
condition that every mother's son of them were
hanged first. So they will never see it. We do not
see what triple-distilled ass it was that expatiated
upon the unparalleled magnanimity of the Govern-
ment; but one of them actually did.
"One of them alsomadean unfortunate quotation
about there being but two classes in the war, pat-
riots and traitors, and that with reference to Thomas
and Lee 1 A little common sense would have suf-
ficed to guard against the suggestions which the
association of these names and phrases will awaken.
"Mr. McCreery, having more than accomplished
his purpose, gave the Radicals another opportunity
of showing what stuff they were made of by ask-
imt leave to withdraw the resolution ; but this was
mused, as well as the leave to introduce it."
The Senator from California says that these
charges are all old and stale and that they rest
upon insufficient evidence. Now, I propose
to give him a little bit of ray own experience
as to what occurred in the town of Eutaw,
in the county of Greene, in the State of Ala-
bama, last summer, and I want to do exact
justice, and to state the precise facts. I have
three times canvassed my State in behalf of
the Republican party, and at but a single
place have I been seriously interrupted ; and
that I may not be understood as speaking
from any personal animosity, I will say that
with the exception of this single place 1 never
have met with any personal discourtesy my-
self; I never have been insulted ; i never have
been seriously interrupted at any public meet-
ing in the State save at this town of Eutaw.
Now, I want to tell the Senator what occurred
there.
Governor Smith and myself were advertised
by the Republican State committee to speak
at that town. The Democratic committee of
that county with the knowledge of our appoint-
ment made an appointment for a Democratic
meeting on the same day with our meeting, a
fact which in itself is evidence to any man
familiar with the condition of things at the
South that trouble was intended, because in
the excited condition of public feeling in that
county no man would have called an opposi-
tion meeting on the same day except with the
intent to produce difficulty. We found assem-
bled about two thousand Republicans, mostly
colored men and unarmed, and perhaps one
hundred and fifty white men, mostly young
men, all armed.
We invited a discussion, but it was declined
in writing, the committee on the part of the
Democrats saying that the questions between
us " both, as to men and measures, were not
debatable;" 1 quote their language. The Dem-
ocratic meeting organized, and afterward the
Republican meeting organized on the other
side of the court-house, at such a distance as
not to interrupt the Democratic meeting. I
opened the meeting, spoke for an hour, made
what everybody would admit was a kmd and a
conciliatory speech, preaching peace so far as
the past was concerned, saying everything to
allay passion. I was interrupted and insulted
grossly and frequently, but there was no vio-
lence.
Governor Parsons, whom you all know, fol-
lowed me in a similar speech, going to the
extreme of conciliation, even taking occasion
to hold up General Lee and extol his many
good qualities. After he had concluded, Mr.
Hays, the Republican candidate for Congress
in that district, was called for by the white
men. He had not intended to speak, and had
told me that he would not speak ; but the white
men who gathered upon the right and left of
the stand called for him in my hearing and in
my sight. He got upon the stand. There was
a table standing against the court-house wall,
upon which he stood. He intended only to
adjourn the meeting. The moment he got upon
the stand, these young white men on the right
and on the left began hooting and howling, so
that he could not be heard, in a moment more,
a white man oaught hold of him, and pulled
him violently from the stand.
1 am stating now what I saw myself. As
this man did so the sheriff arrested him and
took him away, as I think in good faith. In
a moment afterward some of the young men
who were in the clerk's office began firing their
pistols without any provocation whatever.
First they fired a few shots over the audience,
who at once turned and ran. Then they began
firing into the crowd from the windows of the
court-house, from the hall door, from the
court-house yard on the right, and formed a
pretty good line within my sight, and fired
upon that fleeing crowd of colored men as
though they had been a gang of wolves or
hyenas. They stood there emptying their
pistols into the backs of those people as they
were fleeing in a great crowd, breaking down
the court-house fence in their flight, not a shot
being returned, but" each man being intent only
upon saving his life. After the Republicans
had been driven from the court-house yard
and across the street they turned and fired a
few shots in return, but no white man was
hurt that I have ever heard of. Such a spec-
tacle I never saw, and I hope may never see
again. 1 have been in battle, and I have seen
men fall around me in honorable warfare; but
a sight so painful as that, to see man after
man in that crowd falling and scrambling away
with his wounds, while a set of demons stood
deliberately firing and shooting them down, is
such a spectacle as I hope never to see again.
And, sir, all this was without provocation.
There was no cause for it; there was not even
the irritation of anything unkind said in the
speeches. It was a deliberate, organized, pre-
meditated assault upon the people to break
up that Republican meeting and carry that
county for the Democratic party, and the plan
was successful. The county was returned as
giving a Democratic majority of forty-three,
although it gave General Grant over two
thousand majority.
Mr. MORTON. How many were struck?
Mr. WARNER. We know of fifty-four
colored men who were shot during that affair,
of whom we have information that four have
died. How many more were wounded and
how many have since died I do not know. The
people fled and went to their homes as fast as
they could go ; and it was only as we have
gathered up the facts incidentally that we can ;
know how many men were wounded or have •
since died of their wounds. I
Now, I wish to call the atleution of the Sen- !
ator from California to the fact that this was
not a riot. There was no more cause for the
shooting when it began than there is now for
me to fire into this Senate Chamber. Any
pretext or any claim that any shot was fired
from the meeting, or that any provocation was
given, is utterly false, as I know from my own
personal knowledge, because I .stood there
and saw it all, and was left, by the fleeing of
the Republicans, nearly alone with this mob,
only Governor Parsons, Mr. Hays, and .Mr.
Brown being with me. I have been told by a
gentleman in whom I have the highest confi-
dence that I was myself twice shot at, at a dis-
tance not further than from here to your chair,
Mr. President, by a man standing behind my
back who deliberately fired two shots at me.
I say that I am-fully convinced that this out-
rage was premeditated, planned beforehand,
for the purpose of breaking up that meeting
and of intimidating the Republicans of that
county to the end that they should not vote, or
if they did vote should vote the Democratic
ticket. I do not believe that any Democratic
Senator on this floor approves that method of
electioneering, and it is to investigate things
like this which exist in some localities that we
ask for this investigation.
But one word further, and I have done.
Gentlemen say, why not punish these men ?
Let me tell them that such a condition of things
exists in that county that this mob rules the
county, and that the law is entirely and utterly
powerless to punish these men. It is to see
whether any means can be devised by which
protection may be brought home to the people
in all those localities, and by which the public
opinion of the good men of the South may bo
aroused, in order to make the civil law power-
ful to suppress these crimes, and in order that
the good men of the South who disapprove
these things may themselves be delivered from
this mob, \phich rules in many localities, that
we wish this investigation made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I was somewhat surprised by the speech
of the able and courteous Senator from Cali-
fornia. Is it not strange, and has it come to
this, that a Senator here cannot .rise and de-
nounce crime and murder but what members
of the Democratic party shall consider that
party assailed ? The Senator from California
has lound fault with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] for forestalling public
opinion, by expressing his wishes and hopes in
regard to the action of the Senate on the evi-
dence just submitted in relation to these south-
ern outrages before the evidence has been
printed; and yet that Senator went on to de-
nounce those facts which have been divulged
here as stale, and expressed hi3 opinion and
his belief that they were entirely unfounded.
Why should that Senator proceed to forestall
public opinion himself, or assume to be a belter
judge of these facts than Senators who come
from the South 1 Is there a Senator from one
of these restored States who does not avow and
does not bear testimony to the frequency of
these outrages and these murders? Why, Mr.
President, there can be no one so blind, I
think, as to dispute tho general fact of these
murders throughout the South, unless he is a
partisan and nothing else ; and it is a matter
of lamentation to us all, or should be. Why
not everybody join hands to have them sup-
pressed?
I do not believe that the Republican party
desires to make any capital out of these out-
rages, but the facts are of daily occurrence.
They would be pleased to see them suppressed,
and in my judgment they would be suppressed
if Senators here of the Democratic party would
not seek to ignore them and to apologize for
them. A hearty outspoken word from them
would work miraoles. When the time shall
come that such crimes shall be denounced
equally and universally by all parties, then I
think they may most likely cease and come to
an end. But so long as the Democratic party
shall consider that these are the most able and
efficient coadjutors they have we may expect
to see them thrive and flourish.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from California said he could not let pass what
