1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
the distinguished officer at the head of the en-
gineer department, whose exhibit I have here
for the information of the House.
I sincerely trust, sir, without going further
into the subject, looking at the importance of
of this survey, the interest which has been
manifested in reference to it, the applications
made to me both by our minister to England
and by the Secretary of State, and to the fact
that it is an Administration measure, theHouse
•will take up this subject and pass upon it with-
out delay. I yield now to my friend from
Illinois.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the committee
rise and report the Army appropriation bill to
the House. I cannot permit the whole hour
to be taken up with this bill.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Maryland has the floor
on this question and yields it to me. I ad-
dressed the Chair instantly, and I desire to
know whether I am not to be heard?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maryland has the floor for an hour, and he
has yielded to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Chairman, I will state in
connection with this matter 
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
Older.
The CHAIRMAN. State it.
Mr. STEVENSON. The House went into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union upon the Army appropriation bill,
and my point is whether it is competent for
the committee to proceed to other business?
The CHAIRMAN. After the committee
had laid aside the Army appropriation bill to
be reported to the House it took up the pend-
ing joint resolution on motion of the gentleman
from Maryland.
Mr. JUDD. If I am in order I desire to
call the attention of the House to the exact
position of this matter. Mr. Chairman, the
members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
which has reported this joint resolution, have
no more interest in its passage than any other
member upon this floor. It came to the com-
mittee for action by reference to it by this
House of that portion of the President's mes-
sage in relation to the northwestern boundary.
Under the instructions of the House the com-
mittee examinedinto the question and reported
this joint resolution. If the House does not
choose to pass it the responsibility falls upon
it and not upon the committee.
But it is a strange argument addressed by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] to the House, that upon a matter
which he says ought to be settled, a matter
where the public interest is concerned, a mat-
ter as important as fixing the boundary line
between this and a foreign nation, he will
resist any attempt to fix that boundary line
by legislation or by providing any means for
fixing that boundary line. The gentleman
from Massachusetts says that it ought to be
done, but he says that there is too much money
appropriated in this bill. Why does he not
state the sum that he is willing to give for this
public work, required, as I have said, by the
Government? That is conceded by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. Still, conceding
all that, instead of indicating any sum less
than that named by the committee, he turns
round and gives us a lecture on our want of
economy. Let the gentleman apply his lec-
tures to eases where there is some doubt in the
appropriation of money or legislative action.
He admits the propriety of this legislative
action, but gives us 110 opinion of any smaller
amount of money. Instead of that he reads
us one of his usual lectures on the want of
economy, after an absence of ten days, getting
himself thoroughly refreshed to lecture us who
have been here attending constantly to the
business of legislation.
Now, sir, for one lam not con ten ted to stand
here and let the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriation insinuate there is no virtue
on this floor except in the head of that com-
mittee and from day to day warn gentlemen
what is their duty upon this floor. I am will-
ing that he should warn as to what is our
duty, but I am not willing he should assume
a superiority over me in the honest discharge
of my duty on this floor, as he is apt to do, as
well as over all the other members on this
floor.
I repeat again, and ask him to solve the ques-
tion : he tells us this is a work which ought to
be done, the establishment of the boundary
line between us and a foreign nation. The
Committee on Appropriations have reported
a joint resolution with an appropriation to
accomplish that purpose. Instead of indicat-
ing any less sum, he gets up and says that this
will lead to an expenditure of $2,000,000!
How does he know? It is his assertion. I
assert, on the estimates upon file, it will not cost
that sum of money.
I assure the gentleman that I will stand by
him in cutting down unnecessary expenditures,
as I have from the beginning of the session.
But I am tired and sick of being lectured
three or four times a day by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, assuming a right to the
floor upon all occasions. I protest against his
getting up here, when a proper and just meas-
ure coming from any other committee than his
own is presented to the House, and exciting
doubts and suspicions as to the honesty of the
committee reporting it. I repeat, it is time
that this system of scolding with reference to
public measures which every member on the
floor has an interest in sustaining should cease.
Mr. BANKS. I will state in a few words the .
views of the Committee on Foreign Affairs on
this subject, and I think will be able to relieve
the Committee of the Whole of any doubt as
to the propriety of passing the joint resolution.
The proposition is to appoint a joint commis-
sion to establish the northwestern boundary
line. It has been ascertained that the line
which was heretofore run places the fort of the
Hudson Bay Company at Pembina, in the Red
river territory, whereas in fact it is within the
territory of the United States.
Now, sir, it is a necessity to have this matter
adjusted, because if hereafter, with an increase
of population in that country and the occur-
rence of events which we cannot now antici-
pate, the two Governments shall be claiming
this property—one because it is ceded by treaty
and the other because in fact it belongs to the
United States—the difference may lead to war
and to expenditures far beyond anything which
my colleague [Mr. Dawes] imagines will be
the cost of this proposition. The Govern-
ment of Great Britain therefore consents, and
the President of the United States asks us
to consent, that a joint commission shall be
appointed to run a new boundary line. My
colleague says this survey will cost $2.000,000.
Suppose it should if it is necessary, is it possi-
ble that this House will refuse to run a bound-
ary line between this Government and Great
Britain on account of the cost? Surely not.
If it should cost $'20,000,000, if it should
cost $100,000,000, we want to know what is the
boundary line between this country and Great
Britain. But 110 such consideration as that
can justly be urged against the passage of this
bill. It will cost no such sum.
The President of the United States has delib-
erately stated to Congress that the expense of
running this line on our part will not exceed
$300,000 We ask by this joint resolution an
appropriation of $100,000 for this year. And
if in running this line a single dollar is ex-
pended more than is absolutely necessary, the
responsibility will be upon the Executive, and
he ought to be removed from his office for the
abuse of his power. The suggestion that more
money may be paid than is necessary is no
reason whatever for a refusal on our part to
consent to this important measure. We must
believe that the Executive, in the performance
of his high duty, will carefully keep within the
limit of that duty, and expend no more money
than is necessary to carry out the work. If he
should do otherwise he is undeserving of the
high place which he holds.
But I say this House should not reject this
proposition because of considerations having
no reference whatever to the subject, based
upon what has been the action of my colleague
himself, because of extravagant, unnecessary,
and unjustifiable expenses for which he him-
self is mainly responsible. But I have no
doubt whatever—I have no disposition to
defend the Executive beyond what is neces-
sary—but 1 have no doubt whatever that in
running this necessary line the Administra-
tion will be careful of its expenditures, and
will keep within the limits of that sum which it
has deliberately told us is the largest amount
which the survey will cost.
But we will still retain control of this matter.
If we commence running the boundary line,
and if we find at any time that the survey is to
be too expensive, and that the Government of
the United States cannot afford to ascertain
where our territory begins and where that of
Great Britain ends, because of the expense,
then we can repeal our law and leave the mat-
ter to other people. But I say as regards the^e
outside considerations, based upon a compari-
son between what we expend this year, and
what we expended last year, having 110 refer-
ence to this subject, we should give them 110
thought whatever. I hope the resolution of my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Svaxx] will
be adopted.
Mr. SWANN. I hope the vote will now be
taken.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. DICKfiY. If this is going to lead to
any further debate I wish to be recognized to
move that the committee rise and report the
Army bill to the House.
Mr. SWANN. I do not yield to anybody. I
move that the committee rise and report the
joint resolution to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I would in-
quire if I can obtain the floor in my own right ?
Mr. SWANN. I have not yielded to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman must either
yield the floor or go on himself. He cannot
occupy the floor and say and do nothing.
Mr. SWANN. 1 have made a motion, and
that motion is now pending, that the commit-
tee rise and report the joint resolution to the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that I
can take the floor 011 a motion that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a point of order. I
would inquire whether a motion that the com-
mittee rise and report the joint resolution to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass is debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair presumes
the joint resolution is open to amendment,
and that any gentleman could have the floor
for the purpose of amending it. The gentle-
man from Maryland had the floor and moved
that the committee rise and report the joint
resolution to the House, and the Chair then
recognized the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman  
Mr. JUDD. I would say just here that in
raising the question of order I do not object
to the gentleman from Massachusetts talking ;
only when lie shoots his Parthian arrows he
should allow some reply.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to understand the
position of this question. 1 desire to know if
it is order in Committee of the Whole for a
gentleman to take the floor for one hour on a
measure, and then before sitting down move
that the committee rise and report it to tin;
House? 1 supposed that we were m Commit-
