1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
assigned to them. The old voting population
of the southern States took such a position
when the reconstruction acts were passed that
it was impossible to utilize the force which
they possessed in behalf of good government.
I remember that when, after the reconstruction
acts were passed in 1867, the intelligent people
of the South were besought to come forward
and lend their aid in molding the new insti-
tutions under which and by which they were
to be governed, they almost to a man refused
to have anything to do with the laws passed
by what they called the " Rump Congress."' I
remember that thus the Republican party and
the party of reconstruction were deprived of
(he services of many of the ablest and most of
the intelligent men of the South. I know that
in my own State we went and besought men
who had held prominent positions in society,
and in political lire to come out and help us,
and give us the benefit of their political experi-
ence, their education, aud their culture. They
turned a cold shoulder to every such proposi-
tion and said, " Go your ways ; we will have
nothing to do with you."
Sir, what was there left for us to do? We
had to take the material which we had at hand.
We had to.do the best we could under the cir-
cumstances. We had to make use of the lately
enfranchised freedmen and the small number
o! white men who were willing to join hands
with them in this noble work of reconstructing
States whose governments had been subverted
by rebellion. Whatever sufferings may now
come upon the people of the southern States,
it becomes not the old white voting population
of those States to complain of any abuse of
administration or any neglect of duty on the
part of the officers of the State governments.
While we may justly hold our public servants
there to account for a want of that kind of
administration which the state of society de-
mands, the old southern white voting popula-
tion themselves have no word which they have
a'#ight to utter in complaint.
More than that, while we freely admit that
there are imperfections in the administration
of the government by the local authorities
of the southern States, we do distinctly and
clearly deny that that administration would
be improved by throwing it into the hands
of our political opponents. It is better that
maladministration m many things should exist
while the government of our States is in the
hands of those who are in the main true to the
great principles of Republicanism, than that
agreater maladministration should come from
the hands of our political foes, whose recoid
in the past warrants us neither in trusting
them with the ordinary conduct of government,
nor with the extraordinary duty of protecting
a newly enfranchised people from wrongsgen-
ei ally inflicted upon them in the interest of those
politically opposed to such enfranchisement.
Mr. Piesident, I have suggested some of
the circumstances in which we undertook to
reconstruct the governments of the South.
Those governments have in a lar^e measure
succeeded in the purposes for which they were
formed. In the greater portion of the South
there is peace, and men snjoy their civil and
political rights; but in many localities, in
some whole States, there exists,at this day
organized opposition to the laws, organized
outrage upon the rights of the citizen.
In view of this vast amount of information
which has come up here to us. not from preju-
diced witnesses, but from authentic sources—
sources the respectability of which the dis-
tinguished Senator from California must ac-
knowledge, if he will but look and examine
what they are—if it is incompetent, improper,
and ill-advised for this body to order an invest-
igation into the alleged facts I do not under-
stand what work is proper. If the mainte-
nance of the rights of an American citizen,
wherever .lie may be, when those rights are
invaded by organized bands of conspirators
agaiust the public peace in the United States,
is not an object worthy of our consideration,
I know not what object is worthy of that con-
sideration. If we are to sit here and day
after day hear the tale of sickening outrage
which comes to our ears from several of the
States of the South, and lift no arm, utter no
sound which shall indicate our sympathy with
the suffering in those cases and our determ-
ination to repress this violence and outrage,
why are wo here at all? Is not protection ot'
the citizen one of the first objects of govern-
ment? Is not this protection of the citizen
in his constitutional rights as high a duty as
can be imposed upon the chief legislative body
of this country?
It is alleged by the northern Democratic
press that these outrages are magnified in the
telling, that these tales of wrong are grossly
exaggerated. It is alleged, on the other hand,
by the Republican papers of the South and by
the Republican papers of the North that they
are not only not exaggerated, but that the half
is not told. Now, sir, we desire this committee
to examine into this subject, and to report to
us the facts as they are proven to exist by
competent testimony. We have no fear that
this committee will be composed of gentlemen
in whom the nation have not confidence, and
whose report will not be of such a character
that it will be a proper basis for legislative
action, if suoh action shall be found necessary
to secure the public peace. It seems to me
that any Senator who objects to the appoint-
ment of an investigating committee of this sort
awakens very naturally the inquiry whether he
does not fear that it will prejudice the pros-
perity or success of the political party to which
he may belong.
Mr. President, I would not for a moment
vote for this committee if I thought that its
object was anything less laudable than that
of protecting the citizen of the United States
in the rights guarantied to him by the Consti-
tution ; but 1 submit that while those rights
are in peril in Massachusetts, in Ohio, in Wis-
consin, or in South Carolina, it becomes the
American Congress to inquire whether some-
thing cannot be done to take them out of that
peril.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have not
been here so short a time but that 1 have
learned that so far as any argument of my
own or of those with whom 1 am politically
associated on this floor is concerned, it will
have very little chance of affecting measures
in this body. It is of little use, as I have
fouud, so far as anything in the way of sug-
gestion or argument can come from us, to
attempt to affect the action of this body. But
there is always use in a mail, wherever he may
be placed, doing his duty, and relying upon a
higher Power that shall, at the right time,
come to his assistance, however feeble may
have been his efforts.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] who.debated this question, and who was
followed by another who represents the State
of Alabama, has done that which one of the
great men of our century, Edmund Burke,
declared himself incapable of doing. He has
professed ''to draw an indictment against a
whole people." The purposes of that are very
plain, and I do not suppose, as I say, that I
shall have the least power to defeat them. But
we speak to others who are outside of this
Chamber, and perhaps there may come, and
at no distant day, a voice that shall be heeded
and that shall be obeyed, even by those who
now so proudly vaunt their power of party and
their superiority of numbeis in every branch
of this Government.
Sir, this Administration commenced with
words that were fair. " Let us have peace "
was the incoming cry of the Administration ;
and on the sentiment embodied in those words
they carried with them much of the popular
feeling of this country. That sentiment gave
to that party, probably more than anything else
in the canvass, the success which they achieved.
Since theincoming of the Administration, how-
ever, we have seen but little action in accord-
ance with that sentiment on the part of those
to whom the Government of this country has
been intrusted. There was in the President's
message during the present session of Congress
a most ominous silence on the subject of that
part of our country where peace was supposed
to be most needed.
The air has been filled with rumors that
some such scheme was on foot of patching
up this wretched system of reconstruction as
should in effect again place the entire south-
ern people under martial law, wielded by the
present Administration and its followers. How
is it that after the lapse of more than five
years, with unlimited power of legislation, with
unlimited power to fill all the offices in the
southern States, new committees, new invest-
igations, new laws and measures must be re-
sorted to in order to produce good govern-
ment throughout the southern States? What
a confession of incapacity and error is here
made!
As I have said, I anticipate as a foregone
conclusion the passage of this resolution. I
anticipate the appointment of this committee.
I anticipate the collection of evidence, almost
cut and dried to order, for the purpose of
justifying almost any such measures as we
have seen in the past, or which may be even
exceeded in the future. And yet that does
not prevent me from giving warning to my
fellow-countrymen all over this country of
what I believe to bo the truth of the danger-
ous attempts now being made.
The object of this resolution, this special
committee, in my solemn belief, is nothing in
the world but to obtain some pretext by which
you shall place the southern people again
under martial law. There is not to-day in any
southern State a single Federal officer who
has not been nominated by the President of
your choice and confirmed by this Senate.
'There is not a district judge who is to preside
at trials; there is not a district attorney who
is to prosecute for offenses against the laws of
the United States; there is not a marshal who
has the sole discretion in selecting and sum-
moning the jurors who are to try such cases,
who is not a thick-and-thin partisan of your
Administration. And yet in the face of all
that you come here, disregarding the ordinary
processes of the laws—and surely they are
numerous enough, surely they are severe
enough—and appeal to force.
You have had a carte blanche to legislate
as you pleased on the subject; you have had a
long experience, inflamed by sufficient animos-
ities ; you have had everything pointed out to
you by which you could restrain and harass
the southern people under color of law ; you
have, had the selection of your own instru-
ments, and have them now, to execute those
laws; aud in the name of Heaven, living under
a government of laws, can you not at least
stand by your own work? Is it not a mon-
strous thing to appeal at all times to force,
and confess your complete incompetence to
administer a government of laws over our
whole country ?
Why should not these individual cases of
wrong, related here with so much unction by
| the Senator who represents Alabama, be made
j the subjects of indictment and punishment?
j Is not that officer false to his duty, and is not
1 that private citizen delinquent, who, when
! before his eyes su-ch acts are perpetrated as
the Senator from Alabama declares himself
' to have been a witness to, does not bring them,
| or make an attempt at least to bring them
'! before the proper legal tribunals for punish-
! ment? As I have said, the whole machinery
j is at his band. You have officers to arrest and
! indict, and juries selected from those whom
your marshals must believe to be willing to see
i the spirit and intent of the law carried out.
j Why has not some attempt ot that kind been
! made? You have legislation ample and severe
