1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
were confirmed, and the United States became
bound to see that justice and equity were ex-
tended to all property-holders in California
claiming under these grants.
The treaty was ratified May 30, 18-18. In
article eight, page 129, United States Statutes,
ninth volume, this provision occurs:
" In the said Territory property of every kind,
now belonging to Mexicans not established there,
shall be inviolably respectcd. The present owners,
the heirs of these and all Mexicans who may here-
after acquire said property by contract, shall enjoy
"with regard to it guarantees equally ample as if the
same belonged to citizens of the United States."
In order to carry out the stipulations of the
treaty on this subject, according to their true
intent and spirit, a commission composed of
three eminent jurists, with salaries higher than
those paid to the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States, were appointed, by virtue
of an act of Congress passed in 1851, and sent
to California to investigate and determine all
questions growing out of Mexican grants. The
commissioners and the courts were alike bound
by the following provision of the act:
" That the commissioners herein provided for, and
the district and supreme courts, in deciding on the
validity of any claim brought before them under the
provisions of this act, shall be governed by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the law of nations, the laws,
usages, and customs of the Government from which
the claim h derived the principles of equity, and
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, so far as they are applicable."
This commission had its attorney, clerk,
and interpreter; it sat continually, examined
"witnesses and records, and rendered its decis-
ion on the law and the facts, from which
decision an appeal lay first to the United
States court for the district in which the prop-
erty was situated, and from that court to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
In 1853, February 9, Gomez laid his case
before these commissioners, produced all the
proofs the commissioners desired as to the
validity of his grant and the destruction by
fire of the record evidence of it, but failed to
show that he had ever been in possession of
it; and for that reason, and that alone, the
commissioners on the 6th of March, 1855,
rejected his claim, stating distinctly in their
decision—and this must be constantly borne
in mind, as the whole case turns upon it—
that ''he has also given satisfactory proof of
the existence and loss of the grant." They
thought, however, that possession was neces-
sary to render these grants valid, which opin-
ion the Supreme Court of the United States
afterward overruled in General Ficmont's
Mariposa case, which was decided in 185G, and
is reported in 17 Howard. If that decision
had been rendered before the commissioners
decided Gomez's case his grant would have
been confirmed by them without a moment's
hesitation, and this controversy would never
have been heard of. No man has ever suc-
cessfully controverted the great, the control-
ling, the conclusive fact in favor of McGarra-
han, as vendee of Gomez, that the original
grant was proved to the satisfaction of the
tribunal specially appointed to determine the
facts, that the grant to Gomez was a bonajxde,
valid grant; and that fact settles the case. The
error of the commissioners in deciding that
possession was necessary, was properly cor-
rected by the district court on the 5th day of
June, 1857, on the authority of the Mariposa
case. The district court, in its decision, said:
"Gomez, having proved the existence and loss of
the grant to the satisfaction of the land commis-
sioners, and their decision on a question of fact, be-
ing in the. nature ot a special verdict of a jury, this
court will not disturb it without additional evidence
to justify us in so doing: and no such evidence being
offered, the fact of grant must stand as the commis-
sioners have found it. But their legal proposition,
that occupancy was nccessary to the validity of the
grant being overruled by the Supreme Court of tho
United States, there is nothing to do but to reverse
their decision and contiim the grant/' which the
court promptly did, as tho record says, on 'being
fully advised in the premises."'
A great deal has been said about the regu-
larity of the appeal from the commissioners
to the district couit, and about the conduct of
the counsel engaged in the case. All that is
mere trash, thrown in to mislead, confuse, and
divert attention from the main question. No
man has shown, or can show, that the finding
of the commissioners was false, as to the
validity of the grant to Gomez, or that they
acted dishonestly in so finding ; and it is not
even pretended that any additional facts were
in existence upon which the district court
could have reversed their finding upon that
question. Therefore nothing remained, no
matter who the attorney was, or how he felt
or acted, or what his interest may have been,
but for the court, bound as it was by the decis-
ion in the Mariposa case, to enter its judg-
ment confirming the grant. But the appeal
was regular. The commissioners were required
by law to send their decisions and the record
to the district court. They did so, sending
the papers to the northern instead of the
southern district, as the land was believed to
be in that district.
On the 1st of October, 1855, the attorney of
Gomez filed a notice of his intention to prose-
cute an appeal, and on the 7th of March, 1856,
the record was, on motion of Mr. Sloan, then
Gomez's attorney, transferred, by order of
court, from the northern to the southern dis-
trict, as it appeared the land, though near the
line, was in fact within the southern district.
There is therefore nothing of substance, or
even of form, in the question made as to any
defect or unfairness in the original appeal.
That was the state of things when McGarrahan
purchased the property from Gomez on the
22d day of December, 1857; and I think I can
safely assert that there is not a lawyer in this
House who, if he had then been consulted by
McGarrahan, and all the papers submitted to
him, would not have advised him, without hesi-
tation, that the title was good.
A glance at the treaty of Guadalupe Hidal-
go, and the act of Congress appointing the com-
missioners, would have assured him that this
Government was not only bound, but had de-
termined, to protect the owners of lands in
California under Mexican grants in good laith
and according to the principles of equity, rec-
ognizing fully the customs and usages of the
Mexican authorities. He would have seen by
the record before the commissioners that the
grant to Gomez was fully and clearly estab-
lished, by the Mariposa case, that possession
was not necessary to the validity of the grant,
and by the decision of the distiict court that
these principles had been recognized and en-
forced. It would never have entered his brain
that it was either necessary or proper to inquire
into the honesty or integrity of the judge, clerk,
or attorney appointed by the United States to
perform the duties imposed upon him, and
if it had, he would have advised his client
that his title was not affected by anything but
the record. By that, and that alone, he had
to stand.
It must be borne in mind always that up to
the time McGarx-ahan purchased this prop-
erty he was an utter stranger to all the parties
whose conduct is so much denounced. He did
not know Ord, Hartman, Judge Ogier, his
clerk Sims, nor even Gomez, till December,
1857. lie was a prosperous and industrious
merchant in San Francisco, neither a lawyer
nor a speculator, he had some means ahead,
and was advised by a friend who had a moit-
gage on the property and wanted his money
that the chances were that he could make
something by the purchase; and he bought,
taking a deed which he recorded, thus giving
notice to all the world that he was the owner
of the Gomez grant. At that time the value
of the property was unknown. It was known
that there was quicksilver in that region, but
it had not been discovered on that tract of
land.
The New Idria Company was not then in
existence: the omnipresent squatter had not
even pretended to assert his sovereignty over
it; it was the unquestioned property of Mc-
Garrahan on the day he recorded his deed, as
much so as the hat, coat, or home of any mem-
ber here belongs to him : and ifmembers would,
as they ought, look at this matter as it stood on
the 22d day of December, 1857, no gentleman
on this floor would hesi tate a moment in declar-
ing the property to be McGarrahan's in un-
doubted right. I would like gentlemen who
oppose and denounce him and his claims, and
even seek to throw suspicion on the motives
of men who think he is right, to tell the House
and the country what act McGarrahan has done,
either before or since his purchase, that either
fastens fraud or suspicion of fraud upon him ;
and after they fail in doing so, as they will if
they attempt it, I would like them to show one
act of the New Idria Company in connection
with this affair, or of their aiders and abettors,
that is not blistered all over with corruption.
I have looked in vain for a single act of
McGarrahan "that connects him in any way
with fraud anywhere. He certainly bought the
property in good faith, without the slightest
knowledge of any wrongful act by any Gov-
ernment official, whether judge, attorney, or
clerk.
The first step taken after he purchased the
property was the appeal by the United States
to the Supreme Court, which was granted, as
a matter of course, on motion of the district
attorney, on the 15th of March, 1858, along
with six other cases. The December term for
1857 expired April 16, 1858. After several
efforts McGarrahan obtained a complete copy
of the record, which was mailed to him from
Los Angeles September 24, 1858, by \V. W.
Stetson, deputy clerk. He broughtit to Wash-
ington, and after much vexatious delay, prin-
cipally growing out of expressions of doubt and
indecision on the part of Judge Black, then
Attorney General, Thomas Francis Meagher, as
McGarrahan's attorney, argued the cade fully
before him on the 11th of December, 1858.
On the 18th of December Judge Black wrote
to Mr. Meagher, saying that while he was
not then prepared to consent to the dismissal
of the appeal, he hoped to be able to do so on
the return of Mr. Stanton from California,
who might be able to give such information as
showed it to come within the rule adopted in
such cases. Mr. Stanton returned January
10, 1859. The case was docketed soon after-
ward, and on the 81st day of January, 185!),
the appeal was dismissed by the Supreme
Court. The mandate dismissing the appeal
was entered in the district court May 4, 1859.
That court adjourned May 1-1,1859, leaving the
final order undisturbed and in full force.
There the case was properly ended, and
would have ended but for a systematic scheme
concocted by the New Idria Company, by the
advice and with this aid of the United States
paid special attorneys, to obtain possession of
McGarrahan's property, which has beeu main-
tained and supported up to this time by per-
jury, subornation of perjury, forgery, sup-
pression and mutilation of records and public
documents to an extent almost incredible, as
I will show hereafter. At. present I propose
to track McGarrahan through and see what,
if anything, he has done worthy of condem-
nation: for I admit that men who come before
the Congress of the United States for relief
should come with clean hands. I assert that
up to the time of the entry of the maudate of
the Supreme Court in the court below no man
can cite an act or quote a word done or said
by McGarrahan in regard to this matter which
he would not have said and done if he had
been similarly situated.
The law allowed, and the orders of the
Attorney General required appeals to be taken
in all that class of claims to the Supreme
Court. Five years was the limit in which to
prosecute appeals. Until final action McGar-
rahan's title was not beyond question. His
property was likely to become valuable, as
quicksilver bad been discovered oil it after he
bought it, and if he sold he wanted to be sale
