1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
in warranting title. Therefore he brought the
record, the full and complete record of the
case to Washington, as he had a right by law to
do, and by his counsel, in an open, frank, and
candid manner, laid alL the facts before the
Attorney General, who was familiar with it
before and understood it well, as I propose
to show. The land commissioners, as re-
quired by law, certify that they sent a com-
plete copy of the record of the case, similar
in every regard to that sent by them to the
district court, to the Attorney General on the
6th of March, 1855, which contained all the
proofs. A comparison of that with the record
McGarrahan produced was a complete test of
its accuracy, as the orders in the district court
merely applied the principles decided in the
Mariposa case to the facts the commissioners
had decided in this. Judge Black's attention
had also been specially called to this case by
oneE. L. Gould, attorney for the New Idria
Company, long before McGarrahan reached
Washington, as the following letters show:
Sax Fr^nctsoo, California,
March 20, 1858.
Sir : I beg leave to call your attention to two land
claims, namely, that of Francisco Arias, No. 628, vs.
United States, claiming the raneho Real de los Agui-
las, and that of Vieenle Gomez, claiming the raneho
Panoche Grande, No. 569, of the land commission,
both of which were rejected by the land commission-
ers, but which, I aoi informed., have been confiimed
by the United States district court for the southern
district of California. Xhere are grave reasons to
doubt the genuineness of these grants.
If the appeals in these cases have not already been
dismissed, I have to request in the name of the par-
ties interested, as well as the Government, in the
rejection of the claims, that you will not dismiss the
appeals until an opportunity is afforded to obtain
such information, which I am now engaged in seek-
ing, and which will be promptly communicated to
you.
E. L. GOOLD, Counselor-at-Law.
Hon. Jeremiah Black,
Attorney General of the United States,
San Francisco, May 19,1858.
Sir: Referring to my communication of the 20th
of March last, concerning the two land claims of
Pranci3co Arias, No. 628, and Vicente Gomez. No.
560,1 have to say that information has been obtained
rendering it almost certain that the latter-named
claimant (Gomez) was not in possession of the land
claimed by him prior to the change of liaes, and at
the next term of the court I shall make to the judge
such suggestions as will lead him to open the decree
of his own motion.
With regard to the other claim, my clients have
failed to learn anything, as they cxpectedto, tending
to create a doubt of its genuineness.
Your obedient servant,
E. L. GOOLD,
Counselor-at-Laio.
Hon. Jeremiah Black,
Attorney General of the United States.
These letters, coupled with the fact that
Judge Black ordered Mr. Stanton while in
California in 1868 to employ Goold as special
counsel for the United States in this case and
agreed to pay him out of the Treasury $1,000
for his services, show that Judge Black fully
understood the case; and they show further
that Goold knew and so advised Black that
an appeal was regularly granted and was pend-
ing prior to March 20, 1858. Waiving for the
present all questions as to the impertinent
interferences of the New Idria Company and
their counsel in a matter they certainly had
no sort of legal or equitable iuterest in, and
as to which they were mere officious inter-
meddlers, and all questions as to the propri-
ety of the Attorney General's employing such
an attorney as Goold after the case was sent
to Washington by appeal, even if it was ever
proper to do so under the act of 1851, and the
construction given to it at the time of its pas-
sage, which I deny, and forbearing all com-
ment now on the more than questionable sug-
gestion contained in the last letter that he
(Goold) could make the judge, annul and
cancel the regular orders of the court, the
facts a.ll prove that Judge Black, especially
after the full and exhaustive argument of Mr.
Meagher, made to him December 11, 18)8,
and after Mr. Stanton's return, consented
to the dismissal of the appeal with full knowl-
edge of all the facts, and that all pretenses to
the contrary subsequently made were unwar-
ranted and untrue. When the final order
became irrevocable, McGarrahan took steps
at once to have his property put in shape to
obtain a patent for it from the United States,
but he was thwarted at every step by the tricks
and devices of the New Idria Company, which,
without any pretense of claim or right in them-
selves, managed somehow or other to enlist
the services of all the high officials of the
United States to work for them and pay their
counsel under pretense of serving the Govern-
ment.
The subseqent history of the case proves
what wealth and power can accomplish in over-
throwing right and justice. The records of the
district court were mutilated, its officers were
procured corruptly to falsify their own official
acts, attorneys tried to swear their own names
off the record, and even the Attorney General
raised the hue and cry, claiming to have been
deceived as to facts which it was impossible
for him to have been deceived about. In short,
money almost, overwhelmed truth, and the in-
fluence it gave almost made falsehood respect-
able. McGarrahan and his friends were ma-
ligned and denounced by men who knew that his
humble protests would avail little against their
assertions ; but he struggled on, he exposed the
frauds and perjuries of his enemies, and on
the 4th day of August, 1862, Judge Haight,, an
upright man and an able lawyer, as I am in-
formed—for I do not know any of them—who
had succeeded Judge Ogier annulled all the
attempted frauds and mutilations of the records
of the district court and restored the original
decree in favor of McGarrahan, after full hear-
ing. _ Again his title seemed to be perfect,
and in fact was so.
In June, 1862, Congress passed an act pro-
viding for surveys in California, and the sur-
veyor general caused a survey to be made of
McGarrahan's property, which he approved
September 11, 1862. It was at once transmitted'
to the Laud Office at Washington and a patent
demanded. The enemies of McGarrahan still
pursued him and resisted his right to a patent.
Hon. Caleb B. Smith, then Secretary of the
Interior, after full argument, ordered the pat-
ent to be issued to him ; but his opponents
had money enough to stop it somewhere. Mr.
Usher succeeded Mr. Smith; the case was
again argued before him, and he too directed
the patent to be issued to McGarrahan. These
decisions were final, and ought to have pre-
vented any further interference by the courts,
according to the precedents. It has only leaked
out within the last year that the patent was
made out, signed by President Lincoln, and
recorded in the proper office; all of which
facts were kept secret, and when developed
the records were mutilated to concpal and per-
vert the truth and withhold from McGarrahan
the legal title he had obtained.
History furnishes no parallel to such a case,
and even romance would hardly risk its por-
traiture. Scott would not have selected Pee-
bles and Plainstanes, nor Dickens Jarndyce
vs. Jarndyce, if he had heard of The United
States (with New Idria as the silent though
only interested partner) vs. McGarrahan, to
illustrate how poor suitors are frustrated and
trampled on by wealth and power. Finding
that the courts and the Departments shut ,
their doors and their ears to him, and being
unable without a patent to eject the trespass-
ers, who had obtained an act of Congress in
1866, entitled "An act granting the right of
way to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands, and for other purposes"—a singularly
enough disguised title—under which they were
claiming preemptions on all his property of
any value, though the act provides that it shall
only apply to lands in regard to whose posses-
sion there is no controversy or opposing claim,
which they were well advised was not the case
in regard to this property, McGarrahan ap-
pealed to Congress, and his case was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary of the
Fortieth Congress, before which it was fully
heard; and on the 8th of May that committee,
by its chairman, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,) made
a report (No. 33, second session Fortieth Con-
gress,) which proved beyond all peradventure
that McGarrahan was the owner of the prop-
erty, and stands out in proud contrast with the
present majority report. The questions were
fully presented and discussed, and on the bill
for his relief the vote by yeas and nays stood—
yeas 78, nays 49 ; every Democratic vote cast
being in the affirmative, my own and that
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
among them. Governor Boutwell was the
only member of the committee who did not
concur in the report, and even he took the
same view of the parties and their conduct
that I do. He said, (see Globe of May 15,
1868, page 2473:)
"I wish to say I believe from all the testimony
presented that this McGarrahan is an upright, hon-
est. man. I have seen nothing and heard nothing
disclosed by the investigation to the contrary."
* * ^ " I have said there is no evidence
disclosing any wrong-doing on the part of Mr. Mc-
Garrahan." " * "jt deem him an
unfortunate man in this matter. There c.m bo no
doubt about that, and he is contesting with a com-
pany which has accumulated probably a large sum
of money out of this mine, which is itself very valu-
able. And this leads me to say that the act of 180d,
by which claimants are allowed to take the mineral
lands of this country at five dollars per acre, is very
bad policy, in my judgment, for this Government.
Here is the third or fourth mine in the world for the
production of quicksilver, which is to be sold, and
it must go one way or the other, either to this Mc-
Garrahan for ■-,! l'o an acre upon the equity of the
case, or to this New Idria Company for five dollars
an acre, yielding to the Government ten, fifteen, or
twenty thousand dollars, more or less, for property
which would probably sell in the market for hun-
dreds of thousands, if not half a million or a million
dollars."
I regard that speech as very high evidence
of McGarrahan's integrity, made, as it was,
by the only member of the committee who
opposed his claim, when he was bringing to
bear every fact and argument he could against
the relief sought; and I deem it a conclusive
answer to all suggestions that we are not con-
sidering and have nothing to do with the Now
Id na Company. As Governor Boutwell said,
and said truly, the property must go one way
or the other, either to McGarrahan on the
equity of the case, or to the company without
either law or equity, and in open defiance of
both.
No man will deny that the committee of the
Fortieth Congress were men of a very high
order of ability. They investigated this mat-
ter far more carefully and laboriously than the
present committee can possibly have done;
indeed, the only new fact the present com-
mittee has developed has been the suppression
of facts and mutilation of records in the Inte-
rior Department against McGarrahan, which
ought to have called for a unanimous report
restoring the patent and vesting the absolute
legal title in McGarrahan nunc pro tunc. I
prefer to follow the old committee that pre-
sented and studied the facts in their conclu-
sion, while I do not now think 81 -o per acre
ought to be demanded, out of courtesy to the
Supreme Court, and to stand by the record 1
then made, rather than to follow the majority
of this committee in their btruggle for the
New Idria Company. To recapitulate on this
point, in the language of the report of the
former committee:
, "l-_The proof of the legal grant from the Mexican
"" - ■ ■ " ■
southern district oi California confmneiT the grant!
'3. The Attorney Genera! ot the United thatc.-, de-
clared the title to the lands to be m Mr. McGarra-
han. and caused an cntiy to that effect to be made
on the hooks ot his ofuee and iu the Supremo Court.
1. lion. Caleb i>. Smith, Secretary of the Interior,
ailcr cxuiuuKuioii and consideration of the ease,
ordered a patent to he issued to Mr. MeGarr.ih.in,
o Mr. l-sher. the successor in otiiee of Mr.
Smith, -Miml trly decided.
"C. Mr. Lincoln, after inquiry,decided the grant
to be genuine, and that a patent should be issued to
Mr. McGarrahan,
No man can read the report of the commit-
