1871.
THE ^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
to exist. I ask the Clerk to read what I have
marked in the book I send to him in regard to
these outrages, and have the proof at hand to
sustain the statements there made.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"These combinations were at first purely political
in their character, and many good citizens were in-
duced to join them; but gradually, under the leader-
ship of ambitious and discontented politicians, and
under the pretext that society needed to be regu-
lated by some authority outside or above the law,
their character was changed, and these secret Klans
began to commit murder, to rob, whip, scourge, and
mutilate unoffending citizens. This organization
or thesecombinations were called the Kuklux Klan,
and were revealed to the public, as the result of the
measures which X adopted, as 'The Constitutional
Union Guards/ 'The White Brotherhood,' and 'The
Invisible Empire.'"
Mr. THURMAN. What is that which is
being read?
Mr. NYE. A portion of the message of
Governor Holden, of North Carolina.
Mr. TH URM AN. What is the date of it?
Mr. ABBOTT. His last message to the
Legislature.
Mr. NYE. The date is on the book which
has been laid on our tables. The Clerk can
read the date.
The Chief Clerk. The document is:
"Third annual message of Governor W. W.
Holden, November, 1870."
Mr. NYE. Quite recent enough, I take it,
for the Senator's purpose. I ask that the
reading be continued.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Unlike other secret political associations, they
authorized the use of force, with deadly weapons, to
influence the elections. The members were united
by oaths which ignored or repudiated the ordinary
oaths or obligations resting upon all other eitizens
to respect the laws and to uphold the Government.
These oaths inculcated hatred by the white race
against the colored race. The members of the Klan,
as above stated, wore hostile to the principles on
which the government of the State had been recon-
structed, and, in many respects, hostile to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
"They met in secret, in disguise, with arms, m a
dress of a certain kind intended to conceal their per-
sons and their horses, and to terrify those whom they
menaced or assaulted. They hold their camps, and
under their leaders they decreed judgment against
their peaceable fellow-citizens, irom mere intimi-
dation to scourgings, mutilations, the burning of
churches, school-houses, mills, and in many cases to
murder. This organization, under different names,
but cemented by a common purpose, is believed to
have embraced not less than forty thousand voters
in North Carolina. It was governed by rules more
or less military in their charactcr, and it struck its
victims with such secrecy, swiftness, and certainty as
to leavo them little hope either for escape or meicy.
The members were sworn to obey tho orders of their
camps, even to assassination and murder. Ihey
wore taught to regard oaths administered betoro
magistrates and in courts of justice as in no degree
binding when they were called upon to give testi-
mony against their confederates. They were sworn
to keep the secrets of the order, to obey the com-
mands of the chief, to go to the rescuc of a member
at all hazards, and to swear for him as a witness, and
acquit him as a juror. Consequently, grand juries
in many counties frequently refused to find bills
against the members of thisKlan for thegrave&t and
most flagrant violations of law ; and when bills were
found, and tho parties were arraigned tor trial wit-
nesses, members of the order, would in nearly every
case come forward, and, taking an oath beiore the
court on tho Holy iilvangelists to tell tho truth, tho
whole truth, and nothing but the truth, would swear
falsely, and would thu3 defeat tho ends of justice.
"There are at leastlour judges and four solicitors
in the State who will bear witness to tho (apt, from
their own experience, that it was very ditncult, it
not impossible, to convict members ot this Allan ot
crimes and misdemeanois. I have information ot
not less than twenty-five murders committed by
members of this Klan, in various counties 01 the
State, and of hundreds of cases of scourging and
whipping. Very few, if any, convictions have fol-
lowed in these cases. The civil law was powerless.
One State senator was murdered in the open day m
a county court-house, and another State senator
was driven from the State, solely on account of their
political opinions. In neither ease was a bill found
by a grand jury. A respectable and unoffending
colored man was taken from his bed at night and
hanged by the neck until he was dead within a short
distance of a county court-house. Another colored
man was drowned, because he spoke publicly of per-
sons who aided in the commission of this crime. No
bills were found in these eases.
"A crippled white man, a native of Vermont, was
cruelly whipped becauso he was teaching a colored
school. No bill was found in this case. The shcriji
of a county was waylaid, shot, and killed on a pub-,
lie highway, and the constable of a county was shot
and killed intheopendaywhile engaged In his usual
business. A county jail was broken open and hve
men taken out and their throats out. Another jail
was broken open and men taken out and shot, one
of whom died of his wound. Another jail was broken
open and a United States prisoner released. No pun-
ishments followed in these eases. The members of
this Klan, under the orders of their chiefs, had rid-
den through many neighborhoods at night, and had
punished free eitizens on account of their political
opinions, and had so terrified many of them by
threats of future visitations of vengeance that they
fled from their houses, took refuge in tho woods, and
did not dare to appearin public to exercise their right
of suffrage.
"Some of these victims were shot, some of them were
whipped, some of them were hanged, some of them
were drowned, some of them were tortured, some
had their mouths lacerated with gags; one of them
had his ear cropped; and others, of both sexes, were
subjected to indignities which were disgraceful not
merely to civilization but to humanity itself. Tho
members of this Klan, under the orders of their
chiefs, had ridden defiantly and unmolested through
the towns of Hillsborough, Chapel Hill, Pittsborough
and Graham, committing crimes, defying tho lawful
authorities, and causing real alarm to all good peo-
ple. In fine, gentlemen, there was no remedy for
these evils through the civil law; and but for thcuso
of the military arms, to which I was compelled to
resort, the whole fabric of society in tho State would
have been undermined and destroyed, and a reign
of lawlessness and anarchy would have been estab-
lished."
Mr. NYE. That is the testimony of the Gov-
ernor of one of the States to which this reso-
lution refers; and without taking time to pursue
that book further, I will say that every allega-
tion he there makes is more than sustained
by witnesses without number. Now, does my
honorable friend from Ohio or my honorable
friend from California desire that this investi-
gation should be smothered ?  
Mr. THURMAN. What have I said which
indicated that I wanted investigation smoth-
ered ?
Mr. NYE. I did not say that you said any-
thing; but I did not suppose tho honorable
Senator would be mad if I said anything about
him. I find he is exceedingly sensitive.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator if my interruption disturbed hiin. He put
the question in a way, and with an emphasis of
which he is so completely master, so as to
imply that I had been opposing investigation.
I am not opposed to investigation.
Mr. NYE. Then the honorable Senator at
some future time will take occasion toreview
the speech he has made on this occasion._ I
understood him as not favoring this investiga-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. That was a want of
apprehension on the part of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. NYE. Well, the honorable Senator has
said what he has said, and it will be printed,
and we shall read it. I assume that he is
opposed to this investigation. He asserts, in
the first place, that he is, on general principles ;
and, in the next jvlace, he asserts his opposi-
tion to it because it does not go far enough to
inquire into the conduct of other States.
Now, Mr. President, it is well for us some-
times to recur a little to the history of the past.
I recollect very well, and so do you, sir, and
so does my friend on my left, [Mr. Sumner,]
when it was claimed that there were great out-
rages perpetrated by the Democratic party on
the plains of Kansas. I remember when the
story came here from every source that the
green fields of Kansas were reddened by the
blood of the innocent. At that hour the Dem-
ocratic party held more supreme sway in this
Government than the Republican party ever
has. They walked with iron heel upon^the
rights of the inoffensive on the plains of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, until their wrongs and out-
rages produced a revolution in the public
sentiment of this country. They sent no com-
mittees to investigate the facts. With a full
knowledge of the existing facts, in order to
hold political sway, they almost became par-
ticipes criminis, as accessories after the tact.
Then the world did not ring with indignation,
and notes such as now arise from the Senator
from Ohio did not arise as to those wrongs and
outrages. I assert that they were committed
in the name of Democracy, and the cabinsot
the settlers were burned until the very plains
were lighted by the torch of the incendiary;
but there were no Democratic committees of
investigation then. Thank God, however, the
time has come whfen a party is in power wliose
attention will be attracted by the cry of distress
from offended citizenship, and which yields a
ready ear and a ready hand to inquire into,
and if they exist to redress the wrongs that
the citizen has had inflicted upon him.
Sir, in the name of Democracy all these dis-
turbances came. They winked at secession ;
they voted side by side with those who were
plotting treason in this Chamber, and they
raised no cry of alarm. Why? They wanted to
perpetuate the Democratic power and its reign
of wrong. They succeeded till they plunged
this country into the most frightful crucible
that any country ever passed through. All
this was done in the name of Democracy, and
for the Democratic reign of power. Sir, its
history is recorded, and no tactics can wipe it
out. They have not severed that association
yet. What is Toombs to-day but a Democrat ?
What is Stephens but a Democrat? Who is it
that keeps up this constant irritation at the
South? It is the Democracy of the South with
the Democracy of the North trying to prevent
investigation into it, in both branches of this
Legislature.
Sir, the time has come when these truths
should be told, and the Republican party as
such have long enough fought on the defensive.
These things have been done ; and the honor-
able Senator from California now invokes for-
getfulness of the past. Sir, how ready am I
to forget; how ready is every man to forget;
but they will not let us forget. The man we
clothe with citizenship to-day lies stark and
stiff a murdered victim to-morrow. A State
senator goes to the capital and is slain in the
very door of the capitol of his State. And
yet my honorable friend from California says
" let us forget it.': Sir, I would ; but your
sheriff rides out upon the highway in the dis-
charge of his official duties, and is overtaken
by the assassins bullet. The honorable Sen-
ator from California says, '"Let it be forgot-
ten." Sir, I would be glad to forget it; but
these men are citizens of the same Govern-
ment as myself. I demand protection from
my Government, in the name of its power, for
my personal rights as I pursue my duties.
What I demand for myself they are entitled to,
and so far as my power goes they shall have it
if the Democratic party and the Republican
party die together. Where else have they to
look? Does it need more evidence? Read
the pages of the document which I sent to the
desk awhile ago till your heart sickens, and
the half lias not been told. Listen to the
reports every morning. They are reports of
outrages which make humanity blush to hear.
And yet we are invited by the honorable Sen-
ator from California, in his extreme generosity,
to forgive and forget them, and not to stir up
strife and commotion!
Sir. never since the dawn of the morning
star has there been such an exhibition of mag-
nanimity toward offenders as the Republican
party have extended to these men. Day after
day the Senator from Kentucky and other
Senators from the southern States have asked
that these individuals be relieved from the
disabilities under which they labor by reason
of having been rebels ; and those relief bills
have been carried by a Republican Congress,
and what is the return? Consult^ the record
and see what is the return. It is a return
of vengeance more direful than we had any
right to expect. Instead of one principle of
gratitude welling up, we behold them staiuing
again and afresh their hands with innocent
blood.
Sir, I confess I am sick of it, and 1 often
inquire of myself, has this Government the
power, and if it has will it exercise it, to pro-
tect its citizens at home ? But a few years ago
the American nation was made to rejoice when
in a foreign port, finding that an American
