1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Goold & Hartman, the model special counsel
of the United States, and the Land Office letters
from January to June, 1853. They are gone
" where^ the woodbine twineth." The only
wonder is that somebody has not been paid
enough to send McGarrahan along with them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir, if it be short. My
time is very limited.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin. It is well
known that the President of the United States
has been widely censured, both by friend and
foe, because of the action which he took in
this case ; because, when it came to his knowl-
edge that the Secretary was about to issue a
patent to one of these parties, he addressed a
note to the Secretary of the Interior desiring
him not to issue the patent, because the whole
matter was before Congress.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman need not pro-
ceed further. I understand his question. I
have opposed the present President as earn-
estly as any gentleman on this floor, and on
this question, before I examined it, I was very
much against him, taking the side of the Sec-
retary j but after I saw that the President had
only intervened to prevent the Secretary from
granting patents to the New Idria Company
until Congress had determined the question
I became satisfied the President was right,
and the threat of the Secretary to resign if
he was not allowed, in defiance of the pend-
ing congressional proceedings, to perpetrate
this great wrong was unworthy of him. I say
that the act of the President was bold, manly,
straightforward, and honest, and I fully in-
dorse and cordially approve his conduct in
that regard. I am not partisan enough to re-
fuse to do full justice to the President in such
a case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question about the
Mariposa case ?
Mr. BECK. I have not time. The gentle-
man will have half an hour after I am through,
if he wishes. I will have enough to say about
the gentleman's friends of New Idria before I
am done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no friend
but the United States.
Mr. BECK. The United States have no
more to do in this case than the man in the
moon,- and it is not pretended that they have.
It was soon found that it was not safe to rely
solely on the ground that no appeal had been
granted to the Supreme Court and there
docketed and dismissed. McGarrahan had
the record, certified under the official seal of
the district court. The Supreme Court had it,
audit was known to be a hard task to swear the
seal off a record, and for a clerk or judge to
prove by subsequent affidavits, however willing
they might be to do so, that they had not done
what they had previously recorded and offi-
cially certified they had. Public policy forbade
it, and the common sense and justice of the
country revolted at it. As well might a cor-
rupt juryman after his discharge seek to set
aside a verdict he had rendered by a subse-
quent affidavit; therefore other devices had
to be planned, other expedients resorted to.
Charges of fraud were manufactured against
Mr. Ord, the district attorney, who had been
the lawyer of Gomez before the land commis-
sioners prior to his appointment, and the ear
of the Supreme Court was poisoned by bold
denunciations of his corruption and villainy.
That was the master-stroke, and Hartman was
the tool, the hired tool by which Ord was to
be destroyed.
So far as 'the Supreme Court is concerned
this conspiracy was a success j but, thank God,
the American Congress has power to do jus-
tice even in cases where the Supreme Court is
hoodwinked and deceived. We now know all
the facts, through the labors of the Judiciary
Committee of the Fortieth Congress, facts
which the court did not know, and we must,
if we act justly, act on these facts precisely as
though the Supreme Court had never heard of
the case. What fraud did Ord perpetrate? Was
it not well known that he was Gomez's attor-
ney? Every pleading and proceeding before
the land commissioners was signed by him as
such. The record sent by these commission-
ers to the Attorney General, as well as that
sent to the district court, and from it to Wash-
ington, showed that fact. With full knowledge
of it, he was appointed district attorney, the
district judge and the Attorney General being
fully informed of his relation to Gomez, both
by the record, which could not lie, and by Mr.
Ord himself, as he swears, and as we know he
must have done if he had not so sworn. Even
Judge Black, after he had full knowledge of
all that Ord had done, says in his report on
the Gomez and other cases:
*• It must be distinctly understood that I impute
no blame whatever to any of the law agents or other
representatives of the United States Government in
California for allowing so many of these false papers
to pass unchallenged."
And Ord, after he found that he was attacked,
forwarded his affidavit in the case, from which
the following is an extract:
"That he had endeavored for a long time to get
the Attorney General to appoint some attorney to
represent the United States in cases in which he was
interested,'but without success; that this case had
been unacted upon for a long time; and that as the
commissioners had, upon the evidence before them,
passed favorably upon the validity of the claim, and
though they rejected it, it was only on the ground of
want of occupation by the grantee; and that as that
ground had been overruled by the Supreme Court,
there could be no injury to the United States and no
impropriety on his part, as United States attorney,
in appearing and consenting to its confirmation; in
ail of which views of this affiant the said Hartman
then concurred. Affiant further says that he wrote
to the Attorney General of the United States shortly
after assuming the duties of the office of district attor-
ney, about December, 1854, stating that he had been
employed as counsel, and was interested in several
claims then pending on appeal in his district Irom
the land commissioners, and requested thathe would
cause some attorney to be specially named to repre-
sent the United States in such cases. But the Attor-
ney General never made or named any person to act
in the matter as requested. That affiant, being thus
left to act in the matter as best he might, did act with
the most, scrupulous g >od faith, and to the best of his
ability, for4he United States in all such cases."
What did Mr. Ord do? Just what any other
gentleman would have done. After he was
appointed district attorney he gave up the
Gomez case to Sloan & Hartman, attorneys.
The motion for the transfer of the case from
the northern to the southern district was made
March 7, 1857, by Mr. Sloan, one of the firm.
The petition for reversal in the southern dis-
trict was filed June 4, 1857, by Hartman &
Sloan, and all subsequent proceedings therein
were conducted by them. }fet this man Hart-
man has the unblushing audacity, after he was
employed to do so, to swear that neither he
nor his firm ever were attorneys in the case,
and that the use of his name was a fraud.
Never was a false witness more thoroughly,
more overwhelmingly exposed than this wretch
has been, independent of the records of both
courts, which fasten the lie upon him. One
Manuel Castro swears that as agent for Gomez
he employed Hartman as attorney in the case
before it was brought up in the southern dis-
trict court. Patrick McAran, a respectable
merchaut in San Francisco, swears that in
April, 1858, Hartman came to McGarrahan's
store and, among other things, said—
" That he thought that he, the said McGarrahan,
ought to pay him, said ilartman, a fee tor his pro-
fessional services, which lie had rendered in the said
case. That these services he had rendered at the
leijuest of Gomez, and that they were important and
valuable. Thathe Gomez had sold out his interest
to him, McGariahan, after he had made the contract
with bun and rendered the services, and as Gomez
was wholly irresponsible and had no means to pay
with, and as he, McGarrahan, had been greatly ben-
efited by his said services in the ca e, and as the
land had lately proved to be of great value, he
thought it but lair thathe, McGarrahan, should pay
him something for his said services. Whereupon
the said McGarrahan answered that be did not con-
sider himself bound to pay him, said'Hartmtyi, any-
thing, as he had never contracted with him in the
matter."
Charles Gailhard swears:
"After the conveyance by Gomez to McGarrahan,
I and McGarrahan and Manuel Castro, some time in
the spring of 1858, went to the office of Isaac Mart-
man, C3q., in said eitj', on two several occasions and
each time at the request of said Hartman. He on
both occasions spoke of the said Panoche Grande.
He said that he had been employed to attend to the
confirmation of the said Mexican grant as attorney
of said Gomez by his agent, the said Castro; that
under that employment he had rendered important
services in procuring a confirmation by said court
of the said grant;" >  • • -• t "that his
services had been very meritorious; and that Mc-
Garrahan had received the benefit of them. And the
said Hartman thereupon claimed from McGarrahan
a fee for his said services, and claimed also tor dis-
bursements made by him on account of said suit to
the amount of eighteen or twonty-fivo dollars. 's
McGarrahan who, though interested, stands,
to use an illustration made on this floor the
other day, as much higher than Hartman as
the Apostle John does above Judas I'scariot,
swears that Hartman "threatened to blow up
the case if he was not paid for his services
as charged in his said bill." This is the only
contract in this case he has endeavored to
comply with faithfully to the end. The bill
of charges referred to is produced, receipted
by Hartman, and it fastens infamy upon him,
from which there is no escape. It is as fol-
lows :
William McGarrahan,
To Isaac Hartmax, Dr.
June term. 1857.—To amount of costs paid in ease
of Vicente P. Gomez vs. United States  §7 10
December term, 1857.—To amount of cleik's
costs in same case, paid clerk  15 SI
December term, 1857.—To amount of marshal's
costs in same case    4 3.)
$27 21
June 22, 1858, received of William McGarrahan,
e^q., the sum of §27 21, in full of the above.
ISAAC HARTMAN.
This is the clerk's fee bill:
Utiited States District Court, Southern District of
California.
Messrs. Habtman & Sloan, Dr.
To C. Sims. Clerk. 1S37.
Vicente Gomez vi. The United States, ^o. 392. June
term, for entering tran^ters of ease on appeal irom
the northern district . $1 00
Entering and tiling papers in ense    1 6')
Petition for review  50
Entering decree of confirmation  1 00
Dockets and index >  3 00
No. 392. E. E.  
Received payment, S7 10
ALEXANDER T. TAYLOR.
iJeimif] Clerk.
In view of such overwhelming facts every
gentleman not familiar with this ease would
say at once that Hartman is wholly unworthy
of belief, and the truth will hardly be credited,
which is, that he was employed and retained
by the Attorney General as special counsel of
the United States in 1858 in California, and
the sum of $22,359 paid him out of the Treas-
ury of the United States in 18G4-G5, $19,000
of it by employment, under Judge Black's
administration, for continuous services since
1858, and $2,859 of it under Mr. Bates, and his
affidavit was the main stay of the New Idiia
Company before the Supreme Court; it did
more than all else to defeat McGarrahan there.
No inau's life, liberty, or property is safe if
such men as Hartman is proved to be are kept
in power and their testimony is to be regarded.
No gentleman on this floor would allow his dog
to be hung on such evidence, so contradicted;
and the case that required his retention and
use must be indeed a bad one.
There .is, as I said at the outset, but one
question which an impartial man will ask as
to all these proceedings in the California court,
and that is: did Ord or anybody else know
and conceal any fact which, if developed,
would have reversed the finding of the land
commissioners on the fact established by them,
that Gomez had '"given satisfactory proof of
the existence and loss of the grant?'' If such
tact was kept back, then there might be a basis
for holding McGarrahan responsible for the
fraud of Gomez or his attorney. If it was not,
it makes no sort of difference how fraudulent
