1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
[l. s.]
the acts or motives of the judge, attorney, or
clerk may be. I assert that no such fact ex-
isted. Nothing of the sort is pretended, and
all the subsequent storm raised over Ord and
the record has been the desperate efforts of
drowning men catching at straws.
The New Idria Company obviously felt the
weakness of ail these efforts to mutilate and
swear away the existing record, and entered
on a bolder and more sweeping sehems of cor-
ruption. MeGarrahan had sued the company
as trespassers, in California, and they did not
dare to depend there on the tricks which
deceived the judges at Washington. Hence the
contract, of which the following is a copy in
part, was entered into:
"Memorandum of agreement made this 12th day
of May, 1865, by and .between Candido Gutierrez,
attorney at law, party of the first part, and the New
Idria Company, party of the second part:
Whereas the party of the first partclaim3 to be able
to render services and to furnish proof, both oral
and documentary, which will establish the inva-
lidity of the title and elaim under which William
MeGarrahan and the Panoche Grande Quicksilver
Mining Company, or either of them, claim said New
Idria quicksilver mines; and whereas the said party
of the second part, conliding in the representations
of the said Gutierrez as to the premises, have agreed
to compensate him, provided hefurnishes the afore-
said promised evidence—
1. One thousand dollars in United States gold coin,
cash in hand.
2. Two promissory notes of the Idria Company,
both payable m United States gold coin; one for
$560, payable in six months after date, with interest
at the rate of two per cent, per month; the other
for the sum of £3,000, payable in six months after
(late, with interest at the rate of one per cent, per
month,
3. To forever and thereafter pay yearly, and every
year, to said Gutierrez, five percent, of the net profits
of the Idria mines.
WM. NEELY THOMPSON,
Vicc President of the Idria Company.
CHARLES FORBES, Secretary.
Company'sseal, dated San Francisco, May 12, A. D.
TSb,~>.
Under this contract papers were forged and
signed by Gomez, which, if they could be
made appear valid, effectually destroyed his
original grant. How much he was paid for
his perjury and forgery does not appear. He
swears that Goold offered him $20,000 in 1803
to do what' he did under this contract; but
fortunately the forgery was executed so badly
that R. C. Hopkins, keeper of the Spanish
archives in the office of the United States sur-
veyor general, and others, detected it. A
term of service in the penitentiary loomed up
before the parties in the not distant future;
other suborned witnesses, of the taking of
■whose depositions MeGarrahan had been noti-
fied, were not called, and I suppose were not
paid the sums promised, and several of them
made affidavits which fully reveal the villainy
of all the parties, blistering them, as I have
said before, all over with corruption.
I will only read a portion of one of them
as a specimen. It will be remembered that
these are the men the New Idria Company
had vouched for the credibility of, by giving
MeGarrahan notice that they would take their
depositions to be read asevidence against him
in court:
And' affiant says that said Gomez then and there
consented to forge and make such papers, and did
then and there, in the monthof Jane, 1865, by the
dictation and assistance of Gutierrez, lorge and
draw up such petition and lotter, and dated and
signed them as written at Monterey in the year
1814. And affiant is informed and beiieve3 that
said Gutierrez was thereafter paid the sum of
three or lour thousand dollars in United States
gold coin by William Neely Thompson, one of the
members of the New Idria Mining Company, for
forging and drawing such papers as aforesaid.
And alliant further says and declares that such
papers, made and drawn by said Gutierrez and Go-
mez, as aforesaid, wero and are forgeries, and that
he knows them personally to be such, and that they
were made and dated as aforesaid, in the city and
county of San Francisco, in .Tune, 1865, and not iu
the city of Monterey, in 1844, as they purport to
have been.
Afliant further says, upon information and belief,
that alter such papers were forged sis aforesaid they
were had and taken by said New IdriaMining Com-
pany aforesaid before a commissioner of the United
States circuit court of the State of California, at the
city and county of San Francisco, and offered and
given in evidence before said commissioner in suits
ponding before said court between said claimant of
said raneho and said New Idria Mining Company for
possession of said mines.
Dated this 9th day of October, 1866.
JOSE ANTO. CHAVIS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th day of
October, A. D. 1866.
J. H. BLOOD, Notary Public,
I will not trace the disgusting details of this
infamous attempt at fraud, which embraces
many of the foulest offenses known to our crim-
inal jurisprudence; but I will say if one tithe
of the crimes had been traced to MeGarrahan
which the record in this case traces to the
agents of the New Idria Company, and of
course to them, I would rather that my tongue
should cleave to the roof of my mouth than
that I should cast my vote as a Representative
on this floor to aid him in his schemes of
iniquity. As Governor Boutwell said, "one
or the other gets the property." The contest
is one between honest poverty and bloated
villainy.
Mr. Speaker, if there is one thing better
known to the experienced lawyer than any
other it is that truth is always consistent; no
matter how many links are required to con-
stitute the chain each harmonizes with and is
adapted to those with which it unites. False-
hood is detected by its tortuous course and
disjointed materials. If MeGarrahan had re-
sorted to falsehood, concealment, or fraud in
any of its ramifications to sustain his case it
ought to be condemned; but he has not. On
thecontrary, he has been bold, manly, straight
forward, so far as the records show, and it is
only as he is shown by the records that I know
him. Until within the last few days I never
spoke to him that I am aware of. After I saw
that I had to decide one way or the other, and
after I had read the arguments and talked with
counsel on both sides, I have once or twice
asked Mr. MeGarrahan as to the date of cer-
tain facts; and that is all I know of or have to
do with him or his case.
If the New Idria Company have any just
right to the property, when and how did they ac-
quire it. They took possession by force after
MeGarrahan refused to sell; they have extract-
ed millions of dollars out of it, with which to
resist the rightful claim of the owner. They
knew the grant was a genuine one to Gomez.
Even their counsel, Goold, had to admit that
the original petition and other papers shown
him were genuine. Two other grants, those
of Don Juiian Ursua and of Don Francisco
Arias, bind on it and call for its lines as their
boundaries, and it calls for theirs; which could
not be if no grant had been made.
If the claim of the company is just, why
has all the correspondence of their counsel,
which might help MeGarrahan and injure them,
together with the book in which appeals were
docketed from the southern district of Cali-
fornia, disappeared from the office of the
Attorney General, while three or four of these
high officials became their counsel after retire-
ment? Why have all the letters from January
till June, 1863, which might probably, yes,
almost certainly, would prove that the patent
to MeGarrahan was perfected during those
months, been abstracted from the Land Office,
as Julius N. Granger, recorder of the Land
Office from 1858 till now, proves they have
been ? He says those letters would show
whether the patent to MeGarrahan was fully
and authoritatively executed or not; it pur-
ports to have been executed by Mr. Lincoln,
March 11, 18G3.
They were stolen, of course, by some one
in the interest of the New Idria Company; and
Mr. Granger furtherswears that he was ordered
by the Secretary last summer to certify to facts
as to the incompleteness of that patent which
he did not know to be true, and the truth of
which could only be known aijd ascertained
from the stolen or abstracted letters. Every-
thing i& to be presumed against the party who
destroys or purloins the evidence of the truth.
I am convinced that patent was executed and
has been wrongfully canceled and obliterated,
and the evidence suppressed in the interest of
the New Idria Company. If for no other rea-
son than what has taken place in the Interior
Department, I would decide in favor of Me-
Garrahan and against the company, and grant
him his patent now, as of the original date.
If the company could stand on the merits of
their claim, why was it necessary to mutilate
the records of the courts in California, and cause
Sims and Ogier and Hartman to commit will-
ful and deliberate perjury ?
Why was it necessary to make such a con-
tract as was made with Gutierrez, and attempt
to perpetrate such glaring and infamous acts
as were attempted under it ? Why was it neces-
sary to have all these hired attorneys taken
into the pay and under the wing of the United
States, so that the company might fight in the
dark. All things show that they had not the
truth on their side, and consequently they had
to resort to the schemes which are invariably
resorted to by men who are determined to
carry their point in defiance of law and justice.
Mr. Benton thought he had cut off all the
interloping which has been so successfully
practiced in this case, when he had the law
of 1851 so amended as to prohibit it, and he '
especially congratulated the country on the
equitable provisions made in the following
section :
" Sec. 11. That the commissioners herein provided
for, and the district and supreme courts, in deciding
upon the validity of any claim brought before them
under the provisions of this act, shall be governed
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the law of na-
tions, and the laws, usages, and customs of the Gov-
ernment from which the claim is derived, the prin-
ciples of equiry, and the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, as far as applicable."
He knew the game that would be played
unless some such provision was made ; and in
opposing the bill before it was amended, he said
among other equally true and pointed things—
"I shall oppose it, because it brings in interested
parties to contend against the claimant, and to as-
sist the United States in taking the land from him.
I shall oppose it because it would be a partnership
between the United States on one side, and, I will
not say squatters, but landsharks and speculators on
the other." «•••«* *
"And what sortof a partnership would this make?
A partnership at law, in which those interested
would do things which the United States would
scorn to do. And whon they had succeeded in get-
ting the land from the old settler, what would be tho
division of it? Where would the lion's share go?
It would go, not to the United States, but to those
who fought on the side of the United States. Those
whobad joined in thechase would take all the game.
The United Srates would get none. Tnus, waile
harassing and plundering the old settlers, you will
get nothing at all." **■**•• Jjje law
abominates barratry and champerty—barratry.which
stirs up suits; and champerty which divides the
plunder." * * * * ''New parties arc to
come in with individual suite and their lawyers, and
the whole together to work against the old settler.
Each will have the benefit of the counsel of the
other. The interloper will have the benefit of tho
counsel of the United States and the United States
will havethe benefit of the counsel of the interloper,
and both together will make common cause and try
to take away the lands of the settler. This is cruel
and monstrous."
Gentlemen can imagine what he would have
said had he lived to study this record, agd if
after reading the connection of Goold and
Hartman with this case he had been asked to
vote for an appropriation for their fees as
special counsel of the United States. And it
would have been especially refreshing to have
heard him explain that bill, giving its- true
meaning and intent after reading, first, the
following letter from Judge Black to Mr.
Eduiunda;
Washington, April 1,1864.
Sir : You will oblige me by ordering me to be fur-
nished with a copy of your letter addressed to tho
Secretary of the Interior on the subject of the patent
applied for by the claimants of the Panocho_ Grande
ranch in California. One of the Setters is dated
October 2St, 186& the other on January 3,1863.
I am counsel for the United States, and desire to
uso the letters for the purposes of an argument in
the Supreme Court, where a question concerning
this title is now pending.
I am, most respectfully, yours, &c.,
J. S. BLACK.
Hon. J. M. Edmunds.
Commissioner General Zand Office,
