1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
Cobb, another eminent Democrat, then Secre-
tary of the Treasury, went into the market and
purchased your bonds at 120 and 122 on the
dollar until he had exhausted the funds in
your Treasury. Then the Democratic party
went on with extravagant expenditures until
your credit was exhausted. Finally, in Decem-
ber, 1860, Howell Cobb undertook to contract
a small loan to pay the civil expenses of the
Government. He went into the market and
said, "This Government is overthrown; we
have no money; what will you give for these
bonds ?" Of course the merchants would not
give anything, and he could not borrow a
dollar. He came back, resigned his position
as Secretary of the Treasury, and went olf into
the southern rebellion. Your credit was utterly
annihilated.
Then General Dix took his place as Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and I remember very
well that we passed a little law authorizing
General Dix to advertise for proposals to fur-
nish a little money to pay the ordinary civil
expenses of the Government. He did adver-
tise ; and the very best terms he could get were
eighty-eight cents on the dollar, payable in
gold, in twelve months from the date of the
issue of the bonds. And at that rate he took
every dollar he could get, which was, I think,
some three, or four, or five million dollars.
That, sir, was the condition of the country
when this rebellion broke out. Your arsenals
were stripped of their arms; your Treasury
was stripped of its means; your credit was
utterly destroyed in the last eight years of
Democratic rule before Mr. Lincoln came in
as President of the United States.
It will not do to say that all this was done
by the southern wing of the Democratic party;
for, I tell you, sir, if it had not been for the
aid and comfort rendered to the southern
rebels by their Northern allies not a gun would
ever have been fired upon your flag. Treason
was openly talked upon this floor and upon the
floor of the othe"V House, and crowded galle-
ries applauded the treason and the traitors.
The Democratic party, North and South, was a
unit in all its measures up to the breaking out
of the rebellion. It was a unit all through.
It was the Democratic party, and that alone,
that originated and carried on this rebellion.
Thank God, no Republican ever pointed his
gun against the flag of liis country! Every
man engaged in the rebel ranks was a Demo-
crat. And now, sir, are we to be arraigned
here; 'we who fought that rebellion through?
I will not allude to the dreadful atrocities
that were perpetrated during the continuance
of that war, nor will I review the war. I will
not allude to the sixteen thousand graves of
men murdered in cold blood at Anderson-
ville by starvation and exposure. Suffice it
to say that one part of the mission of this great
Republican party was to put down that Demo-
cratic rebellion. And it did it, and did it well.
Sir, we did it. It was our work.
But, Mr. President, there is another item in
this account. There were four million slaves
held in bondage in these United States under
Democratic rule. It was a part of the mission
of this great Republican party to liberate those
four million slaves: and we did it.
I will allude to another point, and that was
the building of the great Pacific railroad con-
necting the Atlantic with the Pacific ocean.
That was also a part of the mission of the
Republican party. It was not only a great
work, but it was a matter of absolute economy
in dollars and cents. Those who were upon
this floor at that time will remember that there
were no two men here more bitter, more malig-
nant, and more persistent rebels than one of
the Senators from California and one from
Oregon; and they proclaimed upon this floor
and°elsewhere that their States would go with
the South in the rebellion ; and we greatly
feaxed they might. But from the moment that
we decided to build the great Pacific railroad
there was a change in the sentiment of the
Pacific slope. From the day that we decided
to build that railroad there was no further talk
of rebellion on that coast. Sir, to have sent
armies across the plains to -hold those States
steady to their allegiance would have cost us
millions of dollars where it cost ns thousands
to build the Pacific railroad. Now we have
that, great work, opening up a continent, and
a glory to this great Republican party that
built it.
Another part of the work of the Republican
party was the homestead law, saying to all the
peoples of the earth, "Come in and possess
this goodly land; we charge you simply the
cost of surveying it (ten dollars) for your
homestead ; come from all parts of the world
and occupy it." Sir, they have come by thou-
sands and by hundreds of thousands and by
millions at our request, and have settled and
peopled the land. Was not this an important
item in the mission of this great Republican
party?
Again, sir, another part of the mission of
the Republican party was to establish a na-
tional banking law. Prior to the passage of
that law you are well aware that money was
issued by the several Slates. The money that
was current in Washington was good for n othing
in New Orleans, and vice versa. To-day we
have furnished the people of the United States
with a currency equal to any on earth ; a cur-
rency that is as good in Minnesota or Alaska
or Maine or Georgia as it is at the place of
its issue. This is another item in the mission
of the great Republican party.
Again, sir, you will remember that after the
rebellion was over the Democratic party, in its
conventions, national, State, couuty, town, and
city, everywhere proclaimed the doctrine of
repudiation of the national debt; some under
one form and some under another. In Ohio
they were in favor of paying in greenbacks,
which, of course, was the meanest of all forms
of repudiation. In other States they went for
repudiation direct. Sir. it was the duty, it was
a part of the mission of this great Republican
party, to see to it that the national honor and
the national faith were maintained ; and we have
done it. We have paid off the national debt
under the Presidency of General Grant at so
rapid a rate that absolutely these Democrats
cannot appreciate it. It makes them dizzy to
see us paying off a hundred and odd millions
a year of the national debt, and at the same
time diminishing our taxe3 from year to year.
Why, sir, since 1866, we have taken off over
two hundred and fifty million dollars of our
taxation, and still have maintained our credit
and made liberal appropriations for public
works. This is no small'item in our mission.
Then, again, the work of reconstruction was
committed to our hands. That was another
point in the mission df the Republican party
not to be overlooked. You all remember that
Andrew Johnson undertook to reconstruct in
his own way, regardless of Congress and regard-
less of law; but, sir, he met the great Repub-
lican party, a solid phalanx in favor of such
reconstruction as would leave, as we thought,
a free and a united South. We passed the
thirteenth and fourteenth amendments. We
passed divers and sundry reconstruction laws
by a two-thirds vote over the veto of Andrew
Johnson; and in every single instance where
we passed such a law, we passed it without a
solitary vote from the Democratic.party. The
reconstruction measures were carried, not with
the Democratic party, but in spite of the Dem-
ocratic party. Sir, we are not to be arraigned
here, and placed upon the defensive, certainly
not by that old Democratic party.
And now, Mr. President, they ask us to do
! what? To forgive the past; to let by-gones be
by-gon^s. You hear on the right hand and on
the left, from every quarter, "let by-gones be
by-gones ; let us forget the past and rub it out.
Sir, we have no disposition to forget the past.
We have a record of which we are proud. We
have a record that has gone into history. There
we propose to let it stand. We never propose
to blot out that record. There are no thousand
years in the world's history in which so much
has been accomplished for human liberty and
human progress as h*as been accomplished by
this great Republican party in the short space
of ten years. Blot out that record 1 Never, sir,
never. It is a record that will go down in his-
tory through all time as the proudest record
ever made by any political party that ever ex-
isted on earth. But, sir, do gentlemen of the
Democratic party want to blot out their record ?
1 do not blame them for wanting to blot out
their record, for that record is a record of
treason. It, too, has gone into history, and
there it must stand through all ages.
Sir, the young men of this country are look-
ing at these two records, and they are making
up their minds as to which record they desire
to have their names go down in history upon;
and I am happy to say that of the young men
now coming upon the stage of action nine out
of every ten are joining this great Republican
party. They desire that their record shall be
associated with those who saved this great
nation, and not with those who attempted its
overthrow.
The day is far distant when that old Demo-
cratic party that attempted to overthrow this
Government will again be intrusted with power
by the people of this nation. The Senator from
Delaware says that there is no other way to
reform the abuses that he alleges to exist ex-
cept by the vote of the North. Let me inform
that Senator that he will live to be old and that
his children will be on the stage of life long
before he will see this great Republican party
that has saved the nation rebuked by the peo-
ple of the North.
Mr. President, if this record of the two par-
ties does not please my Democratic friends, I
have only to say to them that they made it
deliberately, and they have got to stand by it.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, itstrikes me
that it might be well enough to inquire what is
the question before the Senate. If I recollect
aright, it is the motion to refer the message
of the President to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the prior
motion.
Mr. WILLEY. And the question really at
issue is, if it is to be referred, between a refer-
ence to that committee and a special commit-
tee. No person could have the least objection
to a reference to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary politically or in any other sense, if it
would be proper to consult political advan-
tage in such a case as this. But as has already
been stated, it is perfectly well known that the
amount of business before that committee, the
important character of that business requiring
so much discussion and such length of dis-
cussion, would virtually and in point of fact
prevent the accomplishment of the object con-
templated by this resolution; and therefore it
is that I shall vote for the reference of these
papers to a special committee, according to the
original motion made.
And here, sir, with this explanation it seems
to me that the discussion should have stopped.
I should have risen to say nothing but for the
remarks, and allow me to say with the most
perfect respect the most extraordinary remarks
made lay the Senator from California and the
Senator from Delaware. I have already an-
nounced ray intention to vote for the proposi-
tion as originally made. That implies that I
believe that proposition to be right. Now, sir,
the remarks of the Senators to whom I have
alluded, in no very ambiguous terms, and by
no very great indirection imputed to the mover
of this resolution and to the Senators who should
favor it sinister motives in desiring such an
investigation. Sir, I repel that insinuation.
What are the objects which we propose to
accomplish? I am not going to foreclose my
opinion by any prejudgment of the case here
on this occasion and at this time. I shall wait
