1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
cannot be run in less than two or three years.
The ni#ort of General Humphreys, chief of the
engineer corps, is here, giving the details; and
if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
wishes to examine them he can see that the
chief engineer has only called for such force
as is necessary to accomplish this object.
Mr. Speaker, if this matter is not acted on
now, but goes over, I do not see how the Gov-
ernment can organize this force in time to
establish this line and prevent the collisions
likely to occur from day to day. I look upon
it as a matter of great importance that this
appropriation of $100,000 per annum, or so
much thereof as may he necessary, for three
years, shall be made promptly by this House.
I believe, sir, there is entire accord between
the Governments of the United States and
Great Britain upon the subject of the appoint-
ment of this joint commission. It is therefore
desirable that this appropriation should be
promptly made, in order that this work should
go an without delay.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this matter is before
the House for the first time, and has not been
properly considered, and as it is a matter of
a good deal of public concern, without making
an objection at this time, I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Swank] to let the
matter lie over for a few days.
Mr. ORTH. If that is done it will preclude
action by this Congress. This is a matter of
great importance, and should be disposed of
at once.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to the in-
troduction of the joint resolution at this time,
provided it is postponed until next Tuesday,
in order that we may have an opportunity to
look into it.
Mr. SWANN. I have no objection to post-
poning the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion until Tuesday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection
to t he introduction of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was then received, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. SWANN. I now move that the joint
resolution be printed, and that it be made a
special order for Tuesday next, to the exclu-
sion of all other special orders.
Mr. ROOTS. I object to its being made a
special order.
Mr. CULLOM. I also object, unless the
House will allow the business of the Commit-
tee on the Territories to be made a special
order for some future day.
Mr. RANDALL. I object distinctly to the
business of the Territories being made a special
order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suggest that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. That will place it under
the control of the majority of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The subject ought cer-
tainly to be considered without delay.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. swann] bad better take that
course.
Mr. SWANN. I move, then, that the joint
resolution be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and made a special order after the morning
hour for Tuesday next.
Mr. ROOTS. I object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to its being made a special order in Committee
of the Whole?
Mr. ROOTS. I withdraw the objection.
The motion was then agreed to.
land grants for education.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Education and
Labor be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of such legislation as will more effectually guard the
rights of the States to the lands granted them by
Congress for educational purposes, and to the funds
arising therefrom, and at. the same time prevent the
monopoly of such lands by speculators and secure
their settlement in small quantities.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object to this
if the gentleman will substitute the Committee
on the Public Lands for the Committee on
Education and Labor.
Mr. JULIAN. I am willing that the refer-
ence shall be to the Committee on the Public
Lands, with leave to report at any time.
Mr. DAWES. I object to leave being
granted to Report at any time.
The resolution as modified, by substitut-
ing the Committee on the Public Lands for
the Committee on Education and Labor, was
agreed to.
ocean telegraphs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
select Committee on Postal Telegraph Lines,
reported certain written communications with
regard to postal telegraphic communications
with Europe, and moved that the same be
printed and recommitted to the same com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER That motion is scarcely
necessary, as no action by the House can be
based on the recommittal. The Chair, how-
ever, will put the motion.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
west point military academy.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution, which I send to the desk,
and in support of it desire to have read a
letter from Professor Clark, of Hartford, Con-
necticut.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman cannot ob-
ject to the reading of the resolution. I desire
to have the resolution read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That tho Committee on Military Affairs
be, and thoy arc hereby, directed to inquire what
legislation, if any, is necessary to prevent Cadet
James W. Smith, a student in the Lnited States
Military Academy at West Point, from being ill-
treated and persecuted, as is alleged, on account of
his color; and also, to inquire what legislation, if
any, is necessary to redress the wrongs heretofore
practiced upon him at the said institution, as,is
alleged, on account of his color; and said commit-
tee are authorized to send for persons and papers,
and report to the House at any time.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
united states courts at la crosse.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, for action at this time, the bill (H. Ii.
No. 2573) to change the time of holding the
terms of the circuit and district courts at La
Crosse, in the western district of Wisconsin.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that the term
of the circuit and district courts now fixed by
law to be holden at the city of La Crosse, in the
western judicial district of Wisconsin, on the
first Monday of December in each year, shall
hereafter be held at the said city of La Crosse
on the fiist Monday of September in each year.
There was no objection, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jail of'tiie district of columbia.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2796) restoring to the
marshal of the District of Columbia the exclu-
sive supervision and control of the jail m said
District; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
homesteads.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2797) to enable dis-
charged soldiers and sailors and their widows
and orphan children to acquire homesteads on
the public lands of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted
to the committee, and ordered to be printed.
evidence ok indebtedness.
Mr. KELLOGG,byunanimousconsent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
joint resolution (H. R. No. 307) to enable the
owners to obtain duplicate of lost evidence
of indebtedness against the United States;
which was recommitted to the committee, and
ordered to be printed.
harriet pendleton.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 463) for
the relief of Mrs. Harriet Pendleton, widow of
George H. Pendleton, late of the United States
Navy; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
lincoln statue.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back a letter from the
architect of the United States Capitol exten-
sion, in relation to the statue of the late Presi-
dent Lincoln, designed by Miss Vinnie Ream,
which is now in the Rotunda of tlie Capitol,
and moved that the same be referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
public buildings,pittsburg,pennsylvania.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 464) to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
a thorough examination of the buildings of the
United States custom-house, post office, &c.,
in the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be considered now.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
; Appropriations.
I The motion was agreed to.
;j reconsideration.
!j Mr. ROOTS moved to reconsiderthe several
!l votes by which bills, &c., had been referred
j| and recommitted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the regular order.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resumed, as the regular^ order
of business, the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 2-324) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872, reported yesterday from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was upon the following amend-
ment, upon which a separate vote had been
demanded, and on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered:
On page 21 of the printed bill insert, after the
paragraph relating to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, the following: m , , .
That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and is
hereby, authorized and instructed to pay to John \V.
; Douglas, late acting Commissionerof Internal Reve-
nue, such an amount, in addition to the salary re-
I ceived by him during the months of November and
December, 1870, as shall make the total compensation
I to him for those months equal to that which would
i have been payable by law to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. ^
The question was taken; and it was decided
