1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1409
of-time or strengths to make individual inqui-
ries; but when it came to be a part of my
duty to investigate the case judicially as a
member of the committee in this Congress I
proceeded to divest myself of any opinion
which daring the last Congress I might have
formed or expressed upon it, and to decide it
for myself and upon my responsibility after
the most laborious and painful examination,
as a question for the most conscientious, im-
partial, and exact judicial determination. And
it is in pursuance of the conclusion reached
by me, after that examination, that I stand here
to-day to support the report and the recom-
mendations now made by the majority of the
committee. This controversy is ?u many
respects very extraordinary, and it is well cal-
culated to confuse and distract any ipind that
will not impose upon itself toe labor of a care-
ful and full examination; but when this is
done it becomes clear and resolvable into a
few questions not difficult to decide.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this honorable
House will hear me while I give, briefly as I
must, the reasons which have controlled me
in arriving at my decision, and in the vote
which I shall now give against the claim of
McGarrahan. I say, Mr. Speaker, against the
claim of McGarrahan. I do not mean to
admit that McGarrahan has any claim here.
Gentlemen have tried to impose upon this
House a common dodge, known in courts of
justice and before juries as the " sympathy
dodge," in behalf ot McGarrahan. I desire at
the outset to disabuse the mind of the House
as to that, and to show that McGarrahan's
interest in this claim now is that of a mere
figure-head, of a mere agent, instrument, and
tool in the hands of other parties, who stand
behind him and fill his hands and his pockets
with money that he may come here and live
year after year and in their behalf prosecute
this rotten claim, having in it himself the most
iuconsiderable interest. At his back stands a
powerful combination of adventurers and spec-
ulators, who have been duly incorporated.
Tracing the various conveyances in the
history of this Panoche Grande claim, I find
that December 22, 1857, was the date of Go-
mez's deed to McGarrahan for an undivided
one half of Panoche Grande. A.nd remember
that that was before there was any decision in
his favor by any tribunal, good or bad, high or
low, in the country. At the time of his pur-
chase Pacificus Ord claimed to be the owner
> of the other half of the land in question, and
to hold it by an unrecorded and secret and
dishonest deed from Gomez. Neither was
ever in possession of an acre of the land, and
both bought with their eyes open, with knowl-
edge of rottenness of claim, and with intent
and purpose thereafter to make it good by
hook or crook, by fair means or foul.
Here, diverging for the moment somewhat
from the line of my argument, I may as well
state the fact that in Gomez's deed to McGar-
rahan it was expressly declared and recited
that one half of the land or claim had been
before that time sold to Pacificus Ord, under
a contract between Gomez and Ord, Ord being
at the time Gomez's attorney in the prosecu-
tion of the claim before the Mexican com-
mission. And Ord is the faithless and dis-
honest United States attorney out of whose
rascality and complicity in fraud all this
trouble has arisen. He is the man by reason
of whoso corrupt betrayal of the Government
Gomez or McGarrahan was enabled to obtain
a mere foothold on which to erect this super-
structure of villainy.
Now, how does McGarrahan stand here?
Does lie come before this tribunal with clean
hands? Does he come here as an innocent
purchaser? Is he entitled to protection in this
House or in any court of the country upon the
ground that he is an innocent purchaser, with-
out notice of fraud and for a valuable consid-
eration? Why, sir, it is well understood by
all lawyers that the law imputes to any sub-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 89.
sequent purchaser a knowledge of all facts
relating to the same land, appearing at the
time of his purchase, upon the muniments of
title which it was necessary for him to inspect
in order to ascertain the sufficiency of such
title.
Judged by this rule of law McGarrahan
bought nothing. He knew there was no pos-
session in Gomez. He knew Gomez had no
warrant, no patent, no legal title. He knew
the Government was the owner of this land
under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It
was only claimed by Gomez. The latter was
therefore attempting to sell a mere inchoate
and undecided claim, and the law does not
look with favor on any such sales. It, too, was
made pending litigation, and is therefore de-
nounced by the law as litigious, chamepertous,
immoral, and against public policy. The civil
law forbids a thing which is litigious to be
alienated. McGarrahan, therefore, is in every
view chargeable with notice, he bought for
better or for worse, purchased only a chance,
a game partly played, and at once proceeded,
with the faithless and corrupt official Ord, to
play his little game out against the people of
the United States. He does not come into
court with clean hands. It is to me matter
of profound surprise that in the last Congress
these most important and material facts were
not brought to the knowledge of the House.
They not only cast suspicion and reproach
upon his entire case, but subject it to ail equi-
ties acquired before or after his pretended pur-
chase, and leave him under the ban and con-
demnation of the law, which says that contracts
of that kind are immoral, they cannot be
sustained by courts of justice; and this one,
therefore, ought not to be sustained here.
Now, then, on the 29th day of May, 1862,
Pacificus Ord appointed McGarrahan his true
and lawful attorney, to sell, without warranty,
all his right, title, and interest in the claim to
eight twenty-fourths of this Panoche Grande
grant. But Ord at that time held twelve
twenty-fourths, and therefore he reserved from
this sale one sixth of the entire title to this
land; and that he has never parted with, so far
as this record shows.
Now, what did McGarrahan do under this
power from Pacificus Ord as to the eight
twenty-fourths of this title and as to his own
title to one half? Ia pursuance of the power
given him, McGarrahan, on the 17th of June,
in the same year, conveyed, without warranty,
eight twenty-fourths of the alleged grant to
" the Panoche Grande Quicksilver Mining Com-
pany, a corporation duly organized under the
laws of the State of New York," in consider-
ation of the sum of one dollar. On the 3d
day of February, I860, McGarrahan conveyed
the whole tract, as containing four square
leagues, to the same corporation, in the city
of New York, in consideration-of the sum of
§10,0{)0, and again without warranty, show-
ing all along that this thing was a mere specu-
lative claim, that it was .a mere kite that theae
men are flying in the face of the country, the
courts of justice, and of Congress.
Passing over some intervening titles, which
are unnecessary to be mentioned here, I re-
mark again that the Panoche Grande Quick-
silver Mining Company of the city of New
"York conveyed back all of this property, by
a deed bearing date November 1, 1800, to
McGarrahan, upon the consideration of one
dollar without warranty.' But why did they
convey it back to McGarrahan? What had
intervened before the Panoche Grande Quick-
silver Mining Company reeonveyed it to Mc-
Garrahan? Why, this: the Supreme Court
of the United States, in two solemn decisions,
had adjudged that there was 110 merit in this
claim of McGarrahan, that he had no title
whatever, and therefore all that be had con-
veyed to the Panoche Grande Quicksilver
Mining Company in New York was worthless
to them; and then they discovered that they
must come here and organize this raid against
the Congress of the United States; and they
came here disguised in the person of McGar-
rahan, this poor, solitary, undefended Irish-
man. They took good care to send Mm here
to influence this HouBe with his pockets full
of money, furnished him by the Panoche
Grande Quicksilver Mining Company of New
York, to enable him to employ counsel to
advocate his claims, not only before the Con-
gress of the United States, but before the
supreme court of this District,' in aft unau-
thorized and indecent attempt to dictate to
the Department of the Interior what it should
do to promote the interests of that New York *
corporation.
But before that reconveyance by the corpor-
ation to McGarrahan. in 1866 and since the
same corporation issued capital stock, based
upon its pretended title to the raneho, to
the amount of ten or eleven million dollars.
That stock has been liberally used and dis-
tributed by the corporation and MeGarraiiah,
their agent, to advanee the interests of both.
These facts clearly mark this deed back to
McGarrahan as a mere trick, device, blind, to
mislead the House aBd country, and enable
McGarrahan the more effectively to appeal to
the sympathies of gentlemen.
N ow, Mr. Speaker, before I" go further, I
want to refer to a few things said by my friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge. ] He, as well
as my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] told
you that this was not a controversy between
McGarrahan and the United States, but tha-
it was a controversy between Mr. McGarrahan
and the New Idria Mining Company.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And that is so.
Mr. KERB. I say that is n'ot true. I say
it is a controversy between McGarrahan and
the Panoche Grande Quicksilver Mining Com-
pany of New York, on the one side, and the
United States on the other. I say, what the
gentlemen all know, that the claim of Mc-
Oarrahan and that company in New York
in this case covers over seventeen thousand
Hcres of land,-while the New Idria Mining
Company's claim covers but four hundred and
eighty acres of land. I say that the claim of
McGarrahan does not touch the land claimed
by the New Idria Mining Company. It does
not reach to it at all; and the survey which was
made to reach to and embrace these mines
was a fraudulent, dishonest, and corrupt sur-
vey, procured under a dishonest law of Con-
gress, made by a dishonest surveyor, made in
the interest and by the manipulation and for
the money of McGarrahan.
Therefore, it is no issue here between Mc-
Garrahan and the New Idria Mining Com-
pany, except in a purely incidental and collat-
eral way; and gentlemen untruthfully state the
nature and substance of this controversy when
they so represent it; and their statements are
calculated, if not intended, to mislead the
House. If this claim of McGarrahan fail, then
the Government and the people own the sev-
enteen thousand five hundred acres of land
which he claims, and it will then, like other
public domain, become subject to entry and
preemption under the law, and the New Idria
Mining Company, as well as any citizen of the
country, may take its chance under the law to
acquire a title to any portion of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. KERR. For a mere question, yes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] would state whether
there have not been every day and every hour
of the session of the committee of this House
one or more counsel for the New Idria Mining
Company present, a d whether they have not
examined every witness with the exception of
one or two in the latter part of the case, and
whether anybody has appeared during thattime
on behalf of the United States.'
Mr. KERR. My answer to the inquiries of
the. gentleman is that there have appeared
before our committee counsel for the New
