1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18
Idria Mining Company. They appeared there
as much in behalf of the Government as of
themselves; and because this fraudulent and
dishonest survey, procured by MeGarrahan
and this Ranoche Grande Quicksilver Mining
Company of New York, was made to extend
over and embrace their quicksilver mines, dis-
honestly and wrongfully; and against thai ex-
tension of the lines of that survey they.desired
protection at the hands of the House, and are
entitled to it. And in defense, therefore, of
their claim they appeared before us, and did
try to resist this fraudulent claim. They had
a right to do it, and in doing so they did it as
much in behalf of the United States as in
their own behalf. Why? Gentlemen should
remember that the United States is no more
a defender of the New Idria Mining Company
here than they are the defender of every pre-
emptor of the public lands throughout the
length and breadth of this country. It is the
duty of the Government of the United States
to protect and maintain the public domain, in
order that the honest citizens of this country,
whether corporations or individuals, may have
fair, just, and. equal opportunity to go upon
those lands, locate their several claims, and
prosecute and procure their titles before the
proper Departments of the Government. That
is all the New Idria Mining Company asks.
We are not investigating the claim of the
New Idria Mining Company. It is only inci-
dentally and collaterally involved in this in-
vestigation at all. If we reject the claim
of MeGarrahan, what do we do? We remit
this whole controversy to the tribunal where,
under the laws of the United States, it belongs,
to wit, the Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
whose duty it, is, under the law, to pass upon
all claims of this kind, and issue patents to
whom they belong. That is the true position
in this case.
Mr. Speaker, here I want in a few words
to refer again to that dishonest survey pro-
cured by MeGarrahan and his corporation.
In the conveyance back from the Panoclie
Grande Quicksilver Mining Company to Wil-
liam MeGarrahan, bearing date on the 1st
day of November, 1866, in consideration of
the sum of one dollar, they conveyed "all
that certain tract or rancho lying and being in
the counties of Monterey and Fresno, State
of California, and known as the Panoche
Grande rancho, being the same lands for
which a decree of confirmation has been en-
tered in favor of Vicente P. Gomez, in the
district court of the United States for the
southern district of California." The bounda-
ries of the tract are then given by name, and
correspond exactly with the boundaries given
by Gomez in his original petition for the grant
to the Mexican Governor, wherein the area
desired and embraced within said boundaries
is stated in the petition to be "three square
leagues."
This is the conveyance under which Me-
Garrahan now claims, and it will be perceived
by reference to the description of the bound-
aries, and the area embraced therein, that it is
essentially different from the tract which the
House bill provides he may enter. The latter
tract is established by the Dyer survey, made
four years prior to the date of this conveyance
back to MeGarrahan, and yet he chose then
totakethelaud by the description given in the
deed to him from Gomez rather than by the
enlarged boundaries fixed by the survey of
186^, which gives him an additional square
league, and describe his tract as follows:
"North by Julian TJrsua; westerly by the lands of
iraneisco Anas ; east by the Tulare valley, and
south by the Santa Anna river."
The southern boundary in the original peti-
tion of Gomez to the Mexican Governor is
called the serrania, (mountain range,) and in
the deed of Gomez to MeGarrahan of Decem-
ber 22, 1857, it is called "the hills." In the
Dyer survey, under which he now claims, it
is neither "the mountain range" nor "the
hills," but " the Santa Anna river," and
here the fraud of the survey becomes most
apparent, for MeGarrahan and .his surveyor,
in order to embrace the mineral lands adjacent
to " his agricultural tract," leaps over "the
mountain range" or "the Mis," and fixes
his southern boundary on " the Santa Anna
river." In other words, to enable him and
the New York corporation to grab the mines
on the mountains, he deserts his original claim
as made by Gomez, for agricultural lands in
the valley, and attempts to stretch out his
boundaries some seven teen miles up the mount-
ain side, and thus embrace the property, the
four hundred^ and eighty acres, claimed by the
New Idria Mining Company.
One word more in reference to Judge Black
in connection with this case. By way of throw-
ing mud, by way of soiling the reputation of
everybody in connection with the case who
opposes this claim, it has been broadly in-
sinuated that Judge Black has been corrupt
and dishonest in his connection with it. I
say to this House that after having Judge
Black before the committee, and all the other
testimony made in this case, I look upon it
now as not only unjust but dishonest to im-
pute personal or official corruption to Jere-
miah _S. Black in connection with this case.
Notwithstanding the wrangling criminations
and insinuations of counsel before the com-
mittee, there is nothing in the record which,
fairly and impartially weighed, attaches any
wrong, official impropriety, or personal dis-
honesty to Judge Black. On the contrary,
the whole case shows that he was only solicit-
ous to protect the Government and defeat a
corrupt and baseless claim.
Now, I want to answer for him out of his
own mouth. I read from what he has stated
under oath in reference to this case. Speak-
ing of the manner in which these cases came
before Congress, he says:
"It was my duty to oppose a false and fraudulent
claim anyhow. In nine of these cases out often the
land in controversy was occupied by persons who
had bought, or expected to buy, the whole or part
ol it from the United States. In some cases cities
and large towns, in others groat numbers of agricul-
tural people, were in danger of having the fruits of
their labor and money swept away by forged Mex-
ican grants. They had no protection fortheir rights
except what they could get from the courts. The
confirmation of a Mexican title was an estoppel not
only upon the United States, but upon all persons
claiming under them.
"In such a ease there will be no question raised
about any other title than that of which confirm-
ation was sought. I expressed officially what I
thought andstill think was the duty of my office, in a
letter on the Castelle case, addressed to the Presi-
dent, March28,1859: * Yieldoverythingthatlaw and
justice demand, sift doubtful claims to the bottom,
and show no quarter to those which appear to be
corrupt. 1 believed this one to be corrupt, and I
resisted it accordingly. Butldid it fairly. I alleged
no fact and I asserted no legal proposition which
the claimant had not a full opportunity to contro-
vert; and I think I never made a point which the
judges of the Supreme Court did not unanimously
sustain. Whosoever says that I received anything
for this except my salary, or that my official action
was influenced by any motive except a sense of
pure duty, speaks falsely. I went out of office with
hands as^clean as they were empty.
" Mr. Stanton was my succcssor, and had been my
assistant. To my certain know) edge he took exactly
the same view of this case that I did.
"After March, 1861.1 had no concern in the busi-
ness. Mr. Bates employed Mr. Stanton as special
counsel in this and other cases. He did not employ
me; that is to say, not in this case, but he did in
some others, where Mr. Stanton had been retained
against the United States. I had no connection with
it and took no part in it until two years or upward
after I wentout of office. Then I was asked by Mr.
Shepherd, of New York, and Mr. Latham, Senator
from California, and subsequently by Mr. Goold, if
?onscnt to appear for the United States
with the Attorney General and aid him in oppos-
ing the claim of Gomez. I suppose nobody will
denyjthat it was perfectly right and proper for me to
take the case at that time and under those circum-
stances. I was as free as any other member of the
profession. The fact that I had been. Attorney Gen-
eral certainly did not disfranchise me. I never
heard a doubt of the professional or moral propriety
expressed by any human being. I have done the
like in many other cases, So have all persons simi-
larly situated. The then Attorney General, Mr.
.bates, gladly accepted the aid which I was em-
ployed to render in the case. It shared the labor
ana responsibility, and it saved him the necessity of
employing special counsel and paying them out of
the public funds; for Mr, Stanton had by this tune
become Secretary of War and given up the practice."
I say, therefore, that these flings against the
distinguished ex-Attorney General are at once
uncalled for and unjust, and the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] relieves his
charges of but little of their poison when he
compliments the great ability of Mr. Black
at the expense of his personal and official
integrity.
Again, in speaking of his connection with
this case in his efforts to defeat this fraud
upon the Government in the Supreme Court,
he says:
, "I notified the court of the evidence I had of these
facts. About the truth of the facts I hud no doubt,
because Mr. Stanton was perfectly incapable of mak-
i report to me. His judgment upon cases
oi this Kind was as good as that of any other man
living. When I got tbe evidence, whatever it was. I
considered it as simply confirming his statements
and confirming my previous belief."
The gentleman from Wisconsin has under-
taken further to say—and I was exceedingly
surprised to hear it—that the district court of
California, after a solemn adjudication of this
case, decided it in favor of MeGarrahan, or
Gomez, which is the same thing. I say to him,
and I say to this House and the country, that
the United States district court of California
never examined this ease, never heard one par-
ticle of testimony, never even looked into the
record, never investigated it at all; but in all
its action it was controlled by the dishonest,
selfish, corrupt suggestion of Pacilicus Ord,
whose complicity iu the fraud is clear.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. The gentleman from
Indiana is quite mistaken in what he says in
regard to my statement. I stated moat dis-
tinctly and emphatically that the only tribunal
that had before it the merits of the case was
the land commission; that they alone exam-
ined the testimony: that they alone had the
proofs before them ; that no other court or
tribunal ever had the merits of the case before
them for examination.
Mr. KERIl. Mr. Speaker, I say in reply
to that remark that the gentleman is in this as
much in error as in anything else lie has said.
I say that the Supreme Court of the United
States had before it precisely the same record,
the same evidence, the same facts which were
before the commission organized under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It could not
be otherwise, lhe imperative requirements of
the law settled that. That commission was*
required to put upon its record everything,
whether of pleading or evidence, which was
presented to it in each case.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. I hope the gentleman
does not intend to misrepresent me. I stated
that the record went up to the district court
and the Supreme Court; but that those courts
only examined and were only authorized to
examine the record made up'by the boaid of
commissioners; that the latter was the only
tribunal that adjudicated upon the facts.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, tire gentleman's
assumption now is as baseless as any other
that he has made. I say that in this case and
in all these cases (and in what I say I am sus-
tained by the adjudicated cases in the Supreme
Court of the United States) the jurisdiction of
that court was as complete and perfect over
this case as over any other case; that they
had before them not only what appeared upon
the mere technical record furnished by the
commission, but that in that record, in puisu*
ance of the very law under which the commis-
sion was organized, there was embodied every
particle of evidence upon which the commis-
sion had acted, so that when the record went
up to the Supreme Court it presented the ease
precisely as it had been presented before the
commission in its facts, testimony, proofs, and
pleadings. There was therefore no reason in
the world_ why the Supreme Court, on the
hearing of the appeal, could not act just as
wisely, judiciously, and advisedly as tho com-
