1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
mission or the district court or any other tri-
bunal on earth.
In this position I am sustained by the ex-
press and solemn decision of the Supreme
Court, made on a review of all this evidence
and record, and I hope gentlemen will give
me tlieir attention while I read a brief extract
from that decision. It is said that this case was
never considered on its merits elsewhere than
before the commission. I say it was consid-
ered as much upon its merits in the Supreme
Court as it was before that commission ; that
under the law, and with the record befove
them, the information and the power of the
Supreme Court were as full, ample, and per-
fect as those of the commission. And so the
court says:
" Regarding the case as regularly before the court,
it becomes necessary to examine the merits of the
claim. Some suspicion attaches the claim, because
it is made for four league's of land, whereas the only
docuuientintrodueed in support of it, which is of the
least probative force, represents the original claimant
as having asked for but three leagues. Document
referred to purports to be the petition of the claim-
ant to the Governor, and there is appended to it the
usual informi; but there is no concession or grant,
nor is there any satisfactory evidence that any title
of any kind was ever issued by the Governor to the
claimant. He states in his petition to the land com-
missioners that he obtained the map in the record
from the proper officers of the Department: but the
alleged fact is not satisfactorily proved. Four wit-
nesses were examined by the claimants before the
land commissioners, but only one of the number
pretended that he had evei seen the grant, and his
statements are quite too indefinite to be received as
satisfactory proof.
" Instead of proving possession under the grant, it
is satislactorily shown that he never occupied it at
all, and it is doubtful if he ever saw the premises
during the Mexican rule. Land commissioners re-
jected the claim, but before it came up for hearing
m the districtcourt his attorney had been appointed
district attorney of the United States; and the proofs
show that he conveyed two leagues of the land to
the district attorney. Circumstances of the con-
firmation of the claim in thedistrict court are fully
stated in the opinion of this court given when the
mandate was rev oked and recalled. Comment upon
those circumstances is unnecessary, except to say
that the confirmation was fraudulently obtained.
"Although the decree was fraudulently obtained,
still, inasmuch as it is correct in form, it is sufficient
to sustain the appeal for the purpose of correcting
the error. Party who procured it cannot bo allowed
to object to its validity as a means of perpetuating
the fraud, especially as he did not appeal from the
decree."
It is not needful further to refer to the
language of the court than to show that the
confirmation was fraudulently obtained. Yet
the gentleman says that the Supreme Court
never passed that kind of condemnation on
the official fraud and rascality of Pacificus
Ord. The court, in the twenty-third of How-
ard, in the first of Wallace, and third of Wal-
lace, say that by reason of the conduct of that
officer, and the deception thus practiced on the
district court of California, all these proceed-
ings were fraudulent and rotten, and therefore
ought to be set aside. Hence the power of
the court is interposed to defeat the fraud.
But we are told that the court has no juris-
diction, and I am again unable to agree with
my friend from Wisconsin, good and excellent
a lawyer as he is, when he says that on the sub-
ject of jurisdiction the decision of the Supreme
Court is not final, that it amounts to nothing,
and that it may be set aside collaterally or in
any other way. It is a sufficient answer to that
to say that the Supreme Court of the United
States is a court beyond which, in the good
providence of God in this country, there is no
' appeal. Its decision is absolutely final, and
no court in the country, unless a court organ-
ized in the spirit of rebellion and treason, can
ignore and set aside the judgments of that
court. Its decision in this case was not coram
nonjudice, hut in all respects legal, regular,
and conclusive.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I beg the attention of
gentlemen while I give in some detail a brief
historical statement of the facts connected with
this controversy in the courts. The claim of
Gomez, the grantor of McGarrahan, having
been adjudged and conceded to have been
unfounded and fraudulent, the question is
whether the succession of McGarrahan there-
to has conferred upon him an equity which
this House ought to recognize and support.
March 6, 1855, the land commission rejected
the Gomez claim. Thereupon an appeal was
taken by claimant's attorney, Pacificus Ord,
to the district court for the northern district
of California, and was subsequently transferred
to the district court for the southern district,
at the instance of Ord, who was shortly after-
ward appointed attorney of the United States
for said southern district.
Why did he take this case to the southern
district court? Because in that court he was
attorney of theUnited States, and could main-
tain his own title and the title of Gomez in a
court where he had power. The transfer was
made on the application of Ord, the owner of
half of this grant, which he was pretending to
protect on behalf of the nation. He and his
co-conspirator, McGarrahan, desired the case
in a tribunal where they could abuse the con-
fidence of the court to procure a confirmation.
On the 24th of November, 1856, while dis-
trict attorney, Ord received from Gomez, for
the nominal consideration of one dollar, a
deed of conveyance for an undivided half of
the land in controversy, namely, the Panoche
Grande raneho, and this pending the appeal
iu the district court.
On the 5th of June, 1857, Ord procured a
brother lawyer, a man named Hartman, to
move the court to reverse the decision of the
land commission and confirm the grant, stat-
ing in open court, in his official capacity, that
it was a case in which there was no dispute.
With what grace could McGarrahan, in the
person of his co-conspirator against the rights
of the United States and all of its people—
with what grace could McGarrahan, in the per-
son of this Pacificus Ord, come up before that
United States court and say that it was a case
in which there was no dispute ? Yet this was
stated by Ord, and that the United States had
no objection to the confirmation of the grant;
and thereupon an order of confirmation was
made, but no decree entered. At this-time Mr.
Ord was the owner of an undivided half of the
land. I want gentlemen to remember this all
the time, as most vital and material to the just
determination of this ease. Before a decree
of confirmation was entered, to wit, Decem-
ber 22, 1857, McGarrahan, in consideration
of $1,100, received from Gomez a deed of
conveyance for the land in controversy, which
said deed contains the following reservation :
"Subject, however, to an agreement heretofore
made by the party of the first part (Gomez) to and
with Pacificus Ord, esq., by which the said party of
the first part is to convey to said Ord an undivided
interest in said rancho or tract of land, not exceed-
ing the one undivided half thereof."
It is manifest that McGarrahan also had
notice of Ord's unlawful connection with the
case and of his interest in the land by the
express reservation just quoted from his very
deed. McGarrahan was put upon inquiry; the
.act of his cotenant, Ord, in joint behalf, was
his act. He was, therefore, particeps criminis
in Ord's rascality, and has no equity. At the
date of this conveyance no decree of confirm-
ation had been entered by the court. An order
of confirmation had been made, it is true; but
the first decree in the case was filed and entered
January 7, 1858, as of June 5, 1857, confirm-
ing the land as "three square leagues." Sub-
sequently, to wit, on the 8th of February, 1858,
another decree was filed and entered as of
June 5, 1857, confirming the land as " four
square leagues." This decree was entered at
the instance and at the request of Pacificus
Ord, whose heart and whose hands are stained
all over with corruption.
From this it appears conclusively that the
confirmation by degree of the districtcourt of
the alleged grant was not actually made until
the 8th of February, 1858, as was decided by
the Supreme Court (1 Wallace's Reports, 693,
and 3 Wallace's Reports, page 708, in the case
of United States vs. Gomez) subsequent to
the date of the conveyance from Gomez to
McGarrahan, and both the decrees of January
and February, 1858, were filed by Ord; and
hence it is but fair to presume that McGarra-
han himself was privy to the transactions of
that person respecting their common property,
especially after the date of his conveyance to
McGarrahan, to wit, December 22, 1857 ; and
as Mr. Ord appeared as the joint teuant of
Gomez, so he did as the joint tenant of liis
successor, McGarrahan; and in this respect
the latter stands particeps criminis in the
prosecution of the original fraudulent claim,
and the means resorted to by himself and his
co-tenant, Ord, to secure final confirmation
of the fraudulent decree of February 8,1858,
appear by reference to the case cf The
United States vs. Gomez, (23 Howard, page
388,) which I wish I had time to read.
In that case it is fully shown that McGarra-
han caused a false transcript from the court
below allowing an appeal in the ease to the
Supreme Court of the United States, when in
point of fact no appeal had at that time been
allowed or taken. And so also the Supreme
Court in that case decided. The object of this
was to procure the docketing and dismissat of
the cause by that court for want of prosecu-
tion of the appeal, which was done, and fraud-
ulently done; but at the next term, the facts
having been brought to the attention of the
court, the case, on motion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, was rejected, and the appeal dismissed
by reason of the fraud to which I have referred.
The next judicial step in the case was the
setting aside of the fraudulent decree of con- •
firmation by Judge Ogier, of the district court
for the southern district of California, on. the
21st day of March, 1861, in consequence of
the discovery of the fraud practiced upon the
eourt by Ord in procuring it, and that fraud
is set forth and exposed in 1 and 3.Wallace, in
the same case to which I have already referred.
Mr. Speaker, the annulling order of Judge
Ogier came up for review before Judge Haight,
his successor, Judge Ogier having died mean-
while, on the 4th of August, 1862. McGar-
ratan's counsel moved to rescind it, which
Judge Haight reluctantly did, because, as held
by him, the court had no jurisdiction in the
premises when the order of March 21, 1861,
was made.
I wish I had time to read from the reasons
assigned by Judge Haight for rescinding the
previous order of his predecessor. He says in
his order rescinding it that he was not sur-
prised at the manifestation of a feeling of dis-
approbation and abhorrence by Judge Ogier
when he discovered the fraud which had been
practiced upon him, and by reason of which
he set aside the previous order of his own
court and ordered a trial de novo, so that for
the first time, for once at least, before a final
order is made in his court in the case, he might
judicially hear and examine the case, which
hitherto by reason of the fraud of Ord he had
been prevented from doing. From the decis-
ion of Judge Haight, setting aside Ogier's an-
nulling order, and restoring the fraudulent
decree of February 8, 1858, the United States
appealed to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and here the record shows that McGar-
rahan resorted to almost every conceivable
trick, and fraud, and corruption to prevent
the transmission of the case to the Supreme.
Court, aud was after a long and most remark-,
able struggle defeated.
The transcript was procured and the case
regularly docketed in the Supreme Court.
McGarrahan's counsel then sought to have
the appeal dismissed because it had not, as
alleged, been taken within five yearg from the
rendition of the decree of confirmation by the
district court. That motion was denied by
the Supreme Court, and the opinion of that
court adverse to the motion of McGarrahan's
counsel is set forth in 1 Wallace, page 702,
and in that opinion of the Supreme Court by
Justice Clifford, which is beyond all questio
sound iu law, the Supreme Court decide
