1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
for passage at the present time, a joint reso-
lution the protection and preservation
of the food fishes of the coast of the United
States.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution was read. The pream-
ble recites that it is asserted that the most val-
uable food fishes of the coast of the United
States are rapidly diminishing in number, to
the public injury, and so as materially to affect
the interests of trade and commerce. The reso-
lution therefore authorizes and requires the
President of the United States to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
from among the civil officers or employes of
the Government, one person of approved scien-
tific and practical acquaintance with the fishes
of the coast, to be commissioner of fish and
fisheries, to serve without additional salary.
The second section provides that it shall be
the duty of the commissioner to prosecute
investigations and inquiries with the view of
ascertaining whether any and what diminution
m the number of the food fishes of the coast
of the United States has taken place, and if
so, to what causes the same is due ; and also
whether any and what protective, prohibitory,
or precautionary measures should be adopted
in the premises ; and to report upon the same
to Congress. The third section directs the
heads of the Executive Departments to cause
to be rendered all necessary and proper aid
to the commissioner in the prosecution of his
investigations and inquiries. The fourth sec-
tion declares it lawful for the commissioner to
take or cause to be taken at ali times in the
waters of the sea-coast of the United States,
where the tide ebbs and flows, such fish or
specimens thereof as may in his judgment,
from time to time, be needful or proper for
the conduct of his duties, any law, custom, or
usage of any State to the contrary notwith-
sl anding.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will explain the matter in
a moment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I reserve all points of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider
them reserved until the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has made his statement.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have a long
communication from the Smithsonian Institu-
tion in reference to this subject, to which I
call the attention of the House:
Smithsonian Institution,
"WasiiinCcTOX, 1). C., January 3,1871.
Dear Slit: I take the liberty of embodying in the I
fuun of a letter some of the ideas presented to you,
during our interview a few days ago, with reference
to the subject of the food fishes of the New England
During my visit last summer to the vineyard
sound and other maritime portions of New England
iv.aft much impressed by the great diminution in
the numbers of the fish which furnish the summer
food supply of the coast, (asthescup, tautog, herring,
sea bass, striped bass, «fcc.,) a3 compared with their
abundance during a previous visit in 1863, and I
found the same impression to be almost universal
on the part of those with whom I conversed on the
subject. The belief is everywhere loudly expressed
that unless some remedy be applied, whatever that
may be, the time is not far distant when we shall
jose almost entirely this sourcc of subsistence and
support—a calamity which would involve a vast
number of evils in its train. The causes assigned by
intelligent fishermen and residents along the coast
are very varied, most disinterested persons, how-
ever, ascribing the scarcity to the use of ne'.s, of one
pattern or another, in capturing the fish on or near
their breeding-ground befoie they have spawned,
and urging vehemently the passage of laws for pre-
venting or regulating the employment of nets or
weirs. I
State action has been invoked at various times :
for the purpose of securing a remedy for the evil in ;
question; but owing to conflicting interests, and the i
influence ot powerful parties, who are concerncd in
maintaining the present mode of fishing, little has
been accomplished, especially in viewof the impres-
'ion that seems to prevail with many that the sub-
ject, if requiring legislation at all, must be piovided
for. -n part nr least, by the General Government,
which controls the waters in which the fish are
captureO.
The official inquiries into this subject have hither-
to been proseeuie'd mainly by committees of State
Legislatures, before which persons interested, either
in maintaining the nets or in abolishing them, have
been summoned to give testimony. As might be
expected, in a matter which involved the occupa-
tion and support of the parties examined, the evi-
dence was directly contradictory; and it is not to be
wondered at if diametrically opposite conclusions
were reached, as in the case of the Massachusetts
committee, which saw no reason to interfere with
the nets; and that of the committees ot .Rhode Island
and Connecticut, which recommended their immedi-
ate and peremptory removal. I think, however, that
the mean lies between the two extremes, and that a
proper investigation will show a time during which
the use of the nets should be suspended so as not to
interfere with the breeding of fish, while thecapture
of the full-grown ones may be permitted at another
period. Millions of dollars are invested in the fish-
pounds and nets, and in the manure and guano
establishments, dependeut upon them for material;
and so important an interest should not be struck
down at a blow if a satisfactory compromise oaYi be
effected.
Before intelligentlegislation can be initiated, how-
ever, and measures taken that will not unduly oppress
or interfere with interests already established, it is
necessary that a careful scientific research be entered
upon, for the purpose of determining what should
really be done; since any action presupposes a
knowledge of the history and habits of the fish of
our coast that. I am sorry to say, we do not at pres-
ent possess. We must ascertain, among other tacts,
at what titno the fish roach our coast, and during
what period they remain; when they spawn, and
where; what is the natureot theirfood; what locali-
ties they prefei; what agencies interfere with tho
spawn or the young fish; what length of time elapses
before the young themselves are capable of repro-
ducing; for how many years the function of repro-
duction can be exercised; and many other points of
equal importance.
I would therefore suggest the appointment of a
fish commissioner on tho part of the United States,
whose duty it shall be to prosecute this investigation
and report upon these points to Congress; and per- ,
haps, aitereonterencewith the iish commissioners of |
the several States, advise what action, it any, should '
be taken, cither by the General Government alone or \
in conjunction with the States, to arrest the alleged
impending extermination of our sea fishes, and bring
their numbers back to that maximum which will
secure an ample supply of wholesome food for the
community, and at the same time furnish a means of
comfortable support to persons engaged in tho busi-
ness.
Cod and mackerel are not concerned directly in
this inquiry, as tliey are not captured to any great
extent in pounds; butsincetheyfeedalmostentirely
on other fish, their abundance on or near our coast
depends largely upon that of thekinds mentioned in
the beginning of this letter. With regard to salmon,
shad, and alewives, which run into inland ponds and
streams to spawn, the protective measures now en-
forced by State Legislatures while these fish sue in
fresh water are sufficient to secure their increase.
There arc, however, about forty species of food fishes,
belonging almostexelusively to the salt water of the
coast, from the Bay ot I'undy to the Gulf of Mexico,
which require the consideration herein indicated.
But for my fear of extending too greatly the already
unreasonable length of this letter I could adduce a
great many wcll-attestedfact? in supportof the vari-
ous propositions herewith presented; and should it
be desired they can be promptly lurnished.
Very respectfully. PPRUCER F. BAIRD,
Secretary >S'tiiithsoiiian ImtUiUiun.
Mr. Speaker, I will state to the House that
it has come to the knowledge of scientific men
that fishes are departing from our coast, either
from the imperfect mode of catching them or
some change not well understood by these
scientific men. so that this source of food as
well as of fertilizing raaterial, taken to a large
extent to the southern States, is fast passing
away. This has attracted the attention of
scientific men, and it has also attracted the
attention of the State Department, that the fish
which were in existence and covered by the
treaty of 1818 do not exist at all now upon
the fishing grounds; that Spanish mackerel
have taken their place. These scientific men
are desirous of examining and experimenting
on these fishes to ascertain their character and
habits sufficiently to see whether it is possible
to adopt some regulations to keep them upon
the fishing grounds. These scientific men
desire the right so to study the habits of the
fishes as to be able, if possible, to ascertain
whether there can be any regulation in the
mode of catching these lish which will obviate
this evil. So far as these fish come within
the waters of the States of New Jersey, New
York, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island, they
have had commissioners trying to ascertain in
reference to their own waters: but they come
to different and conflicting conclusions and
recommendations, and it is the desire of these
men that they may have an opportunity to i
study this subject and arrive at something
definite. They are willing to do it without the
slightest compensation whatever.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Add to your reso-
lution a direction to inquire in reference to
grasshoppers and potato-bugs.
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Illinois may
think this is a subject of no importance what-
ever ; but I assure him that along the coast of
New Jersey and New York, and all up our
coast to the British possessions, this is a mat-
ter of vital importance.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So is the inquiry in
reference to the potato-bug.
Mr. DAWES. This is the source of com-
mon food in the country, the demand for which
is increasing every day. It is a source of vast
wealth as a fertilizing material which is sent
to the South. My friend from Illinois may not
think it is of any consequence ; but when these
men are willing to serve without compensation,
and only desire the authority to go into the
waters where the tide ebbs and flows to make
these experiments, prompted as well by a love
of science as a desire to be useful, I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the m it-
ter coming in.
Mr. DAWES. I regret extremely th-ive
should be objection to the introduction of tl/is
matter.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symi?-
son, oue of its clerks, notified the House that
that body had passed bills of the following
titles, in which concurrence was requested :
A bill (S. No. 1181) to provide for the re-
demption of copper and other token coins;
and
An act (S. No. 1214) for the relief of Charles
T. Jackson, M. D., of Boston.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at a quarter before two o'clock, and
reports are in order from the- Committee on
Indian Affairs.
MESO.MONEB INDIAN RESERVES.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported back, with an
amendment, the bill (S. No. 849) to authorize
the sale of certain lands reserved for the use
of the Menomonee tribe of Indians, in tie
State of Wisconsin.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to cause to be appraisjd
and sold a portion of the lands, not exceeding
six townships, reserved for the use of tiie
Menomonee tribe of Indians, in the county
of Shawanaw, and State of Wisconsin, as fill-
lows: the said lands shall be appraised 3y
two or more disinterested appraisers, to lie
selected and appointed by said Secretary, in
eighty-acre lots, according to the public sur-
vey. Such appraisal shall state the quality
of the soil, the quality, quantity, and val'ie
of the timber growing on each lot, and when
returned to the land office of the district in
which such lands are situated shall be sub-
ject to public inspection for at least sixty
days before the day appointed for the sale cf
said lands as thereinafter provided. One cony
of said appraisal shall be made and returned
to the land office of the district in which such
lands are situated within six months from
the taking effect of the act, and a duplicate
thereof to the Secretary of the Interior; and
the persons appointed to make such appraisal
shall receive such compensation for their ser-
vices as may be fixed by the Secretary of the
interior. The second section provides that the
lands appraised as aforesaid shall be advertised
for sale by notice of not less than fnree months,
to be published iu at least three newspapers
of the said district having general circulation,
and shall be offered at public auction, to the
highest bidder, in lots of not exceeding eighty
acres, but shall not be sold for less than the
