1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
February 18,
that every ground of the motion was unten-
able, that the case should not be dismissed,
that the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
over the appeal was complete and perfect,
and that if these gentlemen representing Mc-
Garrahan or the Panoehe Grande Quicksilver
Mining Company of New York, or any other
rotten corporation anywhere else in the coun-
try, desired to assert any other remedy; they
must do it under the rules of the court By sug-
gesting a diminution of the irgcord, and going
■back to California with a certiorari requiring
that the, record be made perfect.
; Why, did they not do that thing? It was
because—and the record and the testimony
-justifies me in saying it—because the parties
'and their lawyers understood that they had no
hope for the salvation of this case except
By forcing their fraudulent proofs down the
throat of the Supreme Court and rushing the
case through against law and truth. The appeal
having been sustained, the case came on for
decision on the merits, and the opinion of the
court therein will be found in 8 Wallace,
which I have already read.
Now, sir, a word or two in reply to another
point suggested by the gentleman from Wis-.
consin, as to the question of the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court in the premises. The
record shows that an order of confirmation in
favor of the McGarrahan grant or Gomez grant
was made by the district court of California
on the 5th of June, 1857, but no decree was
entered until January 7, 1858, and even that
was not a final decree, for on the 8th of Feb-
ruary following another decree was entered
confirming the same lands, with an additional
square league, to the same parties. This decree
stood unreversed until the 21st of March, 1861,
when the same judge set it aside, and it re-
mained set aside and annulled till the 4th of
August, 1862, when it was reinstated by Judge
Haight. From his decision the United States
appealed, and the appeal was allowed.
It is true that Judge Haight subsequently,
to wit, in December, 1862, set aside his own
order allowing the appeal; but the case was
then beyond his jurisdiction, and the question
as to the regularity of the appeal belonged to
the appellate tribunal, the Supreme Court of
the United States, which, as I have^ already
stated, decided that it had jurisdiction, and
decided that the appeal had been properly
taken within the time allowed by law. A brief
review of the facts, bearing iu mind those I
have already given, with so much particularity,
will show that this was true. The order of
confirmation was made on the 5th of June,
1857 ; the final decree therein was entered on
the 8th of February, 1858, and this was the first
record from which a transcript could be made
sufficient to explain and support the appeal.
And from the date of it the United States had
by law five years in which to appeal, to wit:
from February 8, 1858, to February 8, 1863.
The appeal was taken on the 4th day of Au-
gust, 1862. Besides, tlie law contemplates
that the decree from which the appeal may be
taken shall be in force during five consecutive
years, on any day of which the appeal may be
regularly and properly taken. Ilere there was
no time between the 21st of March, 1861, and
the 4th of August, 1862, during which time
the annulling order of Judge Ogier was in
force and effect.
Now, so far as respects the objection that the
true date is the date to which the nunc pro tunc
relates, itisonly necessary to observe that uuder
the repeated decisions of the Supreme Court
a nunc pro tunc entry is never allowed to work
injustice <">r fraud. Otherwise appellants might
often be deprived of their remedy of appeal,
and great wrongs be perperated upon parties
by retroactive orders ofcourts. A better answer
even than this may be found in the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States in
.3 Wallace, to which I have already referred.
Now, having gone over this case in this
general and hurried maimer, I waut to make
two or three remarks more, and then I will
close. It is proposed now by the minority of
the Comtaittee on the Judiciary, who in their
report' concede and admit that McGarrahan
has here nothing but a color of title, that this
Bouse shall, by its solemn judgment, interpo-
late, interject, contrary to the practice of the
whole world in such cases, into the record of
another coSrdinate branch of this Govern-
ment a lie. Yes, sir, a lie, in the form of a
declaration that a patent had been executed
to McGarrahan, when in truth and in fact no
patent was ever executed to him.
In their report the minority do not pretend
that any patent, in the legal sense of the word,
was ever executed to McGarrahan; and no
such patent ever was issued or executed to
•him. And the paper which was in part exe-
cuted, and which under some circumstances
might have become a patent, never was, and
they do not pretend that it ever was, delivered
to McGarrahan or to anybody else. Everybody
knows that an undelivered patent is a worth-
less piece of paper and amounts to nothing.
But no patent was executed even.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYHAM. If the Land Office has
issued a patent, and entered it upon record,
has not the office exhausted its entire power in
that regard, and does the patent, under those
circumstances, require a formal delivery to
make it effective and valid?
Mr. KERR. The gentleman assumes a
fact which does not exist, that a patent ever
was executed in that way. But I say that
if such a patent had been in all respects of
form fully executed and regularly recorded,
yet, as against manifest and outrageous fraud,
as in this case, it has not the value of a feather;
it is not worth a penny ; it ought not to stand
for one moment in the face of a contravening
interest. Besides, I say it is not final or con-
clusive on the department. Until actual de-
livery it is under the full and complete and
legal control of the department.
Mr. MAYHAM. One other question.
Mr. KERR. Very well.
Mr. MAYHAM. If the Land Office had
issued a patent which might be valid and which
was valid as to that office, has that office the
rigbt, without the intervention or the order of
a court, to vacate or mutilate that patent?
Mr. KERR. Beyond all question it has a
right to defeat a fraud, to stop the patent, and
institute further examination to protect the
Government. Beyoind all question the Inte-
rior Department, to the exclusion of the
world, has jurisdiction uuder your laws over
questions of this kind; and anybody else,
whether the supreme court of the District
of Columbia or any other tribunal, that shall
attempt to overrule the jurisdiction and dis-
cretion of that Department of the Govern-
ment, will attempt a- lawless act. The De*
partment of the Government to which under
the law is given jurisdiction over all these
questions of location, of preemption, of title
to the public land of the country, is the Inte-
rior Department, or the Commissioner of the
General Laud Office, and on appeal from
the Commissioner, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. After a patent is even fully executed
and signed by the President, it may be sus-
pended as to delivery, or recalled for correc-
tion, and, if improvidently Written out and
signed, it may be canceled.
Now, if McGarrahan had any patent exe-
cuted to him, why fs it that up to the 8th day
of July, 1870, neither he nor any of the astute
gentlemen who have talked in behalf of Mc-
Garrahan, none of his counsel, none of his
able lawyers, ever before discovered that he
had any such patent? Why is it that prior to
July 8, 1870, all the counsel of McGarrahan
and of the Panoehe Grande Quicksilver Min-
ing Company of New York, which stands at
his back, always conceded that there had been
no patent executed ? They never claimed any
such thing.
My time is so short that I will add but a
single remark. The pretense that there ever
was an executed patent in this case is nega-
tived by all the evidence before the commit-
tee except the testimony of one man ; and
any fair and unprejudiced mind, reading all
the testimony, including that of this witness,
must come to the conclusion that the testi-
mony of that one man must not be allowed
to override and weigh down the testimony of
all the others, but on the contrary it should
be assumed by the House and by the country
that the witness who testifies against all the
facts on tBe record and against all the other
witnesses testifies to what is false, and I be-
lieve he does.
I move to recommit the resolution reported
by the majority of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor and said: I yield twenty minutes of
my time to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, in the few min-
utes I shall occupy the attention of the House
I propose to present some views differing from
those which have been presented on either
side of this case, views which strike my mind
as exceedingly important in regard to it. This
tract of land is confessedly and avowedly
worth millions of dollars. The defense of the
right of the United States to this land and
mine has now cost several hundred thousand'
dollars. I fear, Mr. Speaker, that this House-
may adopt a proposition which will have a dif-
ferent effect from that which is intended by the-
House; and I beg attention while I point oui
what 1 conceive to be this danger.
I think it is capable of demonstration that"
if the report of the majority of the committee
shall be adopted it will place this tract of land,
directly and immediately in the hands of the
New Idria Mining Company, alter the claim-
has been for years contested on the part of
the United States at an expense of hundreds-
of thousands of dollars. 1 hold in iny hand
the decision of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, to which I propose to refer
in a few moments, declaring that if this claim
of McGarrahan is out of the way the New
Idria Mining Company is entitled to a patent.
A survey has already been made under the
claim of the New Idria Mining Company and
filed in the proper office. Nothing remains
but to issue the patent and the proper officer .
having jurisdiction of that question has decided
that the patent shall issue.
I know it is said that the officers who have
passed upon this question have gone out of
office and that new officers must pass upon it.
But gentlemen seem to forget that it is a rule
of that office that when a matter has been
passed upon by an officer having jurisdiction
over it, his decision will not be opened but
will be held as final. Thus stands the decis-
ion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, lhat a patent shall issue to the New
Idria Mining Company when this McGarrahan
claim is out of the way. The resolution of
the majority of the committee proposes to put
this claim out of the way, and thus directly
and without appeal to give this land to the
New Idria Mining Company.
Mr. KELLOGG. Has there been any.
decision that will bind the present Secretary
of the Interior, Mr. Delano, or the present
Commissioner of the General Land Office ?
Mr. COOIv. I think there has.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the gentleman tell
us what that decision is?
Mr. COOK. I held in my hand a decision
which I think will bind everybody. I will refer
to it in a moment.
I believe this land belongs to the United
States. I am content to accept the decision
of the Supreme Court in relation to the Mc-
Garrahan claim, and let that settle the ques-
tion. I do not intend to attack the decision of
the Supreme Court upon the question whether
