1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
the court had jurisdiction, or, having jurisdic-
tion, whether McGarrahan's claim is just. Let
the decision ofHhe Supreme Court stand; then
what next? The New Idria Mining Company,
which is the real party opposing McGarrahan
in this controversy, went upon this land pend-
ing this claim of' McGarrahan, after it liad
been filed before the proper commission insti-
tuted by the laws of the United States, and
after one decision had been rendered in favor
of this claim. With this claim in this posi-
tion, upon the public records of the courts,
constituting notice to everybody, this com-
pany went upon this land, claiming that they
had a right to it under the law of I860. Now
let me call attention to the decision of the
Coifimissioner of the General Land Office on
this question. He says:
" And as tlic proceedings of the surveyor general
and local officers, alter the order of suspension, were
merely in the way of authenticating and transmit-
ting matter previously commenced and nearly com-
I lered before the receipt of such order, and as such
proceedings are in all other respects in conformity
to statutory requirements, it would seem a useless
formality, attended with unnecessary expense and
delay, to return the papers from the files of this
office to the surveyor general and register and re-
ceiver at San Francisco merely for reapproval and
retransmission; and it is accordingly ruled by this
office that the proceedings of the Jfew Idria Mining
Company, under the act of July 2o, 1866, being in
compliance with said statute and free from any valid
julverse title, the said New Idria Mining Company-
has met the reciuirements of the statute giving
authority for the issuing of a patent."
So, according to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, there is nothing standing
in the way of this company receiving a patent
but'the action of this House; but I trust that
in voting for the proposition of the majority
of the committee the House will not^ defeat
its own intention. If it decides that this New
Jdria Company is entitled to the land, let
the company have it; but do not give it
without passing upon the claim of that com-
pany. I cannot elaborate this point. In the
few minutes allowed me I can only state it.
It is to my mind clear, and may be demon-
strated, that this New Idria Company is not
entitled to this land. Upon what does the
Commissioner of the General Land Office rely?
He relies upon the act of July 26, 1S66. That
act I hold in my hand; and I ask the attention
of the House while I read the second section
of it:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any person or association of persons claim a vein or
lode of quartz, or other rook in place, bearing gold,
silver, cinnabar, or copper, having previously occu- i
pied and improved the same according to the local :
custom or rules of miners in the district where the
same is situated, and having expended in actual
labor and improvements thereon an amount of not
less than $1,000, and in regard to whose possession
there is no controversy or opposing claim, itshall
and may be lawful for said claimant or association
of claimants to file in the local land office a diagram
of the same, so extended laterally or otherwise as to
conform to the local laws, customs, and rules of
miners, and to enter such tract and receive a patent
therefor, granting such mine, together with the right
to follow such vein or lode with its dips, angles, and
variations, to any depth, although it may enter the
land adjoining, which land adjoining shall be sold
subject to this condition."
" In regard to whose possession there is no
controversy or opposing^]aim.:I The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office says that
the proceedings of the New Idria Mining Com-
pany are in compliance with such statute
and free from any valid adverse title. Now,
lias there been no controversy or opposing
claim -to this New Idria Company during all
these years? I thin-k it is an insult to the
sense of the House to say that, when this
petition was filed and one judgment rendered
io favor of this McGarrahan claim, there was
no .controversy or .opposing claim to the New
Idria Company. The point is as .clear to my
mind as anything is or can be, that there is a
plain difference between a valid adverse title
and a controversy or opposing claim under
the law cf 1800. I do not believe that this
company have any title to this land. They .are
mete trespassers upon this land, which be-
longs to the Government of the United States,
because they had no right under the law to
land about which there was controversy or to
which there wasyet opposing claim. I there-
fore protest against giving this land to this
New Idria Mining Company; and I want this
House to understand that the adoption of the
majority report will give this claim to that
company. If the motion to recommit were
not pending, it was my intention to offer the
following amendment:
"B* it resolved, That the President of the Uni-
ted State;: shall cause the tracts of land situated in the
State of California known as the"Panoche Grande"
to be surveyed and exposed to public sale in whole
or in such quantities as he may deem best for the
public interests, and that the proceeds ot such sale
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States :
Provided, That the rights of individual settlers, not
including corporations, on said land shall not be
affected thereby."
I believe that we have the right, where the
title is manifestly in the United States, simply
to direct the selling of the land; and that is
all that my resolution proposes to do. And
now, I appeal to the House not to allow my
amendment to be cut off by the motion to
recommit, but to give me an opportunity to offer
it; otherwise, if you adopt the majority report,
this land goes to the New Idria Mining Com-
pany, and no power can stop it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would suggest that
the gentleman's amendment ought to be read
from the Clerk's desk, that it may be better
understood by the House.
Mr. COOK. Very well; I send it to the
desk to be read.
The amendment was read by the Clerk.
Mr. COOK. I am prevented from offering
that resolution, but I have no doubt that it
embodies that which is esact justice in this
case. I believe however that the same result
can be reached under the report of the minor-
ity, which I shall therefore vote for, although I
would have preferred that I should have been
allowed to offer the amendment I have pre-
pared.
Mr. WELKER. How can it be done under
the minority report?
Mr. COOK. It remits the matter to the
President of the United States. Now I want
to say that when that patent was onee recorded
in the Land Office it was not competent for any
subordinate officer to alter it by striking out
the name of the President on an ex parte pro-
ceeding, without notice, without any hearing
of the parties interested. I think that ought
to be restored as itwas before.
Mr. PETERS. Do you believe that the
patent was ever signed by the President?
Mr. COOK. If the gentleman had not inter-
rupted me he would have had his question
answered in the time he was putting it. As a
question of fact, as a juror hearing this testi-
mony, my mind has come to the conclusion
that the patent was never signed by the Presi-
ctent. But I do not see how McGarrahan's
evidence can be destroyed by the act of any
officer of the Government without giving him
.a hearing. That is my view of the "matter,
according to the plainest and most simple prin-
ciples of justice.
But I have said enough as to that. There is
another thing I desire to call attention to: that
the man by whom the alteration was absolutely
made resigned his place in the Land Office and
went into, the employment of the New Idria
Mining Company, and has remained in the
employment of that company from that day
to this.
Mr. WELKER. If this correction is made
does it not folto-w as a matter of course that
a patent must issue to McGarrahan ?
Mr. COOK. I do not so understand it, I
have not time to argue that question. The
question is immaterial, if the House adopt my
resolution.
Mr. POTTER. What prevents you from
offering your resolution ?
Mr. COOK. The majority of the commit-
tee, by'moving to recommit the bill.
Mr. POTTER, We can vote that motion
down.
Mr. COOK. Do so; i hat is all I ask.
Mr. SARGENT. I would ask the gentle-
man which he refers to: the land bounded by.
the serranias ox low hjllg, or to the floated
claim, sixteen miles away from that?
Mr. COOK. I mean all the land of which
the title is in the United States, the Panoohe
Grande Raireho.
Mr. SARGENT. The whole country there
belongs to the United States. What are you
going to do with the settlers on this land un-
connected with either of these companies, who
have required rights under the homestead and
preemption laws of the United States, and with •
the inhabitants of the little towns which have
grown up around these mines?
Mr. COOK. I do npt intend my resolution
to interfere with them at all.
Mr. SARGENT. If all the land is to be
sold it will.
Mr. COOK. I believe it can be so directed
as to protect the rights of settlers under the
homestead and preemption laws. I do not
want to interfere with them, but I do want to
protect the Government from having this land
given into the possession of the New Idria
Mining Company, who have no mora right to
it than I have.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman mod-
ify his resolution so that it shall apply only to
the lands described in the original petition of
Gomez ?
Mr. COOK. No, sir, I will not; because
that is one part of the controversy where that
land lies.
Mr. SARGENT. Of course you will not.
Mr. COOK. I will modify it so as not to
affect the rights of settlers under the home-
stead and preemption laws.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I qow
yield five minutes to the geatletnan from New
York, [Mr. Hoxcskiss,]
Mr. HOTCHKISS then addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix. ]
Mr. BUTLEE, of Massachusetts, next ad-
dressed the House. [His remarks will !>lso
appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. PETERS obtained the floor.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment.
Mr. PETERS. I yield for one minute.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, there is
one point to which I wish to call the attention
of the House, and that is in relation to this
original patent which is now in the room of
the Committee on the Judiciary. Gentlemen
differ in their statements about it,"owing. I sup-
pose, to the different way in which they look
at it. So far  s my .eyes serve me, that ori-
ginal paten t has not a variation in a single stitch
or a single leaf. There are just as many holes .
made on the last leaf, which should have the
signature upou it, as there are upon the others, •
and they correspond jn place and size. To
all appearance these were made at the same
time as the others. The cover when put on
the outside of the patent was fastened by holes
punched through the cover and patent; and
they did not happen to meet the holes made by
stitching, so .that there are more holes in the
patent than there are in the cover. But the
cover has nothing on the inside—no place for
a signature.
The patent is perfect in itself. It has never,
to all appearance, been meddled with in the
slightest degree, except that when it .was
taken to the Printing Office to be -printed it
was taken apart, acd when put together again
the threads with which -it had been stitohed
were left oat, and it was put together by tape
running through the cover and all. There is
not in the appearance of the paper the
slightest evidence .of fraud; and with regard
to the other matters taking place in the Land
Office, -a great many of them will vanish at
once when you come to examine them.
Mr. PETERS. I desire the House to
.understand the arrangement which we propose
