1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
in regard to disposing of this matter. It is
agreed that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] shall withdraw his motion to recom-
mit ; and we will then allow the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
o be voted on, with the privilege of offering
. n amendment also from the ^committee. I
ow call for the previous questionand if that
, e seconded, I will yie^d the floor for a motion
adjourn. We shall then have an hour on
, londay, when we can close up this matter for
ihe session; and perhapsforever.
Several Members. Let us go through with
it to-night.
Mr. PETERS. Very well; I have no
objection.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw the motion to
recommit.
Mr. PETERS. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COOK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] I offer the
following amendment as an addition to the
resolution reported by the committee:
Be it resolved, &c., That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause the tract of land situate in the
State of California, known as the Panoche Grande,
to be surveyed and exposed to public sale in whole
Or in such quantities as he may deem best for the
public interests, and that the proceeds of such sale
shall be paid into theTreasury of the United States:
Provided, That the rights of individual settlers, not
including corporations, on said land, under the home-
stead and preemption laws of the United States, shall
not be affected by the passage of this resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. That gives the land to
the New Idria Company.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether he does not
mean this as an amendment in addition?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
him to offer it as a substitute.
Mr. COOK. No; as an amendment to the
report of the committee.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to add an amend-
ment to his amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order: whether an amendment is admissible
now, there being two amendments already
pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] withdraws his motion to recommit.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] offers
the amendment, which the Clerk has read,
to the report of the committee, and the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] who sub-
mitted the report, offers the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois.
The Clerk read as follows:
But not to interfere with the rights of settlers or
miners, or their successors, who have any rights
under the statutes of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman had bet-
ter put in a provision to give this claim to the
New Idria Mining Company, for that is the
effect of his amendment.
Mr. BECK. That is precisely what he
intends by it?
Mr. PETERS. I only ask the House to vote
on the subject. The New Idria Company will
take nothing if they have no rights under the
laws.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. This amendment gives
this land to them absolutely; and was so
intended.
Mr. BECK. Have I the right to offer an
amendment in the nature of a substitute to
the resolution reported by the minority of the
committee ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Maine withdraws his demand for the previous
question another amendment is in order.
Mr. PETERS. Everything is covered by
the pending amendment, and I must insist on
my demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. PETERS. I have agreed to yield half
of my hour, in closing the debate, to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. SARGENT. Give me one minute. It
is not much to ask for the whole Pacific coast.
Several Members. Let us adjourn.
Mr. BIGGS. If the gentleman from Ohio
will yield to me I will make the motion that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the House wishes to
adjourn I certainly will not detain them.
Mr. CONNER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the House adjourns now, the pre-
vious question having been seconded, will this
not go over as the unfinished business ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up after the
morning hour, and after the appropriation bill
reported by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union has been disposed of.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
89, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution of the following
title, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 190) to compen-
sate John L. Miles, late second lieutenant of
the second Indiana battery, for one horse lost
in the service.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bill
of the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 2566) for the relief of
Henry Wiilman, late a private in the third
regiment of Indiana cavalry.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bill of the following
title, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (H. 11. No. 3033) to authorize the
construction of abridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State.
bills, etc., approved.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his
secretaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed bills and a joiut resolution
of the following titles :
An act (H. K. No. 2921) to repeal an act
entitled "An act for the survey of grants or
claims of land," approved Juue 21, 1862 ;
An act (H. JR. No. 2490) to amend an act
entitled ,-An act to confirm title to certain
lands in Illinois
An act (H. R. No. 1521) relinquishing to
the city of Dubuque, Iowa, whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lo^
of ground in Dubrque ;
An act (H. R. No. 2372) for the relief of
certain purchasers of land from the legal rep-
resentatives of Bartholomew Cousin ;
An act(H. R. No. 175) to cede to the State
of Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia mili-
tary district in said State;
An act (H. R. No. 415) confirming the title
of Nathan Boyer to certain lands iD the State
of Michigan; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 499) authorizing
the Farmers' National Bank of Port Edward,
New York, to change its location and name.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 2504) to provide for the
apportionment of the members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado ;
An act (H. R. No. 2566) for the relief of
Henry AVilhnan, late a private in the third
regiment Indiana cavalry;
An act (H. R. No. 2666) for the relief of
Henry Clay Williams, late receiver of public
moneys at Eau Claire, Wisconsin ;
An act (H. R. No. 2691) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of Wyoming Territory appor-
tioning said Territory for members of the coun-
cil and house of representatives of the terri-
torial Legislature;
An act (H. R. No. 2689) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2707) for the relief of
General John C. McQuiston and Jeremiah D.
S. Keen, of Indiana; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 503) for the
relief of John E. Hagerty, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri.
And then (at four o'clock and fifty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: A memorial of a large num-
ber of citizens of Lexington and Fayette coun-
ties, Kentucky, praying Congress to grant a
charter to the Cincinnati Southern railroad.
Also, the petition of Samuel R. Smith, and
130 others, citizens of Franklin county, Ken-
tucky, praying Congress to grant a charter
through Kentucky to the Cincinnati Southern
railroad.
Also, a memorial of a number of citizens
of Bourbon county, Kentucky, praying Con-
gress to grant a charter through Kentucky to
the Cincinnati Southern railroad.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
requesting Congress to pass such laws as may
be necessary to fully protect the rights of bona
fide settlers upon the Cherokee neutral lands
in Kansas, under the homestead and preemp-
tion laws, and the right of the State to the
sixteenth aud thirty-sixth sections for the sup-
port of common schools.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, requesting Congress to amend
the twenty-fifth section of the act of July, 1870,
relative to granting one hundred and sixty acres
of land at $2 50 per acre to honorably dis-
charged soldiers.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, requesting payment for losses
sustained by the illegal invasion ofthe Territory
of Kansas in 1855, 1856, and 1857, by the pro-
slavery bandits and mobs.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, requesting Congress to extin-
guish the title in the Kaw Indian lands in favor
of actual settlers.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, requesting Congress to extin-
guish the Indian title to all Indian lands m
Kansas and open the same to homestead and
preemption.
By Mr. FISHER: The petition of John
Griffith and 13 others, citizens of New York,
praying that the publication of the illustrated
report ofthe Commissioner of Patents be not
discontinued.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A memorial
of citizens of the counties of Vinton, Harrison,
Pendleton, and Boone, of Kentucky, asking
Congress to pass a bill to promote the con-
struction of the proposed Cincinnati Southern
railway.
By Mr. PECK : The petition of Robert D.
Bole, Simon Gillis, Lewis E. Brewster, and 25
others, asking an amendment to the law grant-
ing homesteads to soldiers without actual set-
tlement.
By Mr. STONE: The memorial- of Dr.
Hall, William Gunter, and others.
By Mr. TAPFE: The petition of J. D.
Sutphen and others, citizens of Omaha, Ne-
braska, praying removal of tax on sales of
tobacco, snuff, and cigars.
