1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 20, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Tbe Chief Glerk proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of the proceedings of Saturday last.
Mr. COLE. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The reading having proceeded some time
further,
Mr. VICKERS. I withdraw my objection
to dispensing with the reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no other
objection be made, the reading of the Journal
■will be dispensed with. It is dispensed with.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Mary-
land withdraws his objection against stopping
the reading of the Journal, to permit me to
make a motion. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senator to
withdraw the motion that I may offer an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I insist on ray motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 22; as follows :
XEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Fowler, Johnston, Ram-
sey, Ross, Stockton, Vtakers, and Yates—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Howard, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Pratt, Rice, Scott, Sherman, Warner,
Willey. and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, FentOD, Ferry, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris.
Hill, Howe, Kellosg, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spen-
cer, Sprague, Stearns, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Williams—£3.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
fuses to adjourn, but no quorum has voted.
Mr. COLE, and Mr. MORRILL of Ver-
mont, moved that the names of the absentees
be called.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is provided
by the eighth rule:
"No Senator shall absent himself from the ser=
vice of the Senate without leave of the Senate first
obtained. And in case a less number than a quorum
of the Senate shall convene, they are hereby author-
ized to send the Sergeant-at-Arms, orany other per-
son or persons by them authorized, for any or all
absent Senators, as the majority of such Senators
present shall agree, at the expense of such absent
Senators respectively, unless such excuse for non-
attendance shall be made as the Senate, when a quo-
rum is convened, shall judge sufficient, and in that
case the expense shall be paid out of the contingent
fund."
The Senator from California and the Sena-
tor from Vermont desire that the names of the
absentees be called.
Mr. SHERMAN. How many are absent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thirty-seven
constitute a quorum; thirty have voted. The
Secretary will call the roll of absentees, as
some Senators inay be absent on account of
sickness.
The Chief Clerk called the names of the
absentees; and during the call Messrs. Bay-
ard, Blair, Boreman, Conkling, Cragix,
Fenton, Hamlin, Sawyer, Stewart, Thur-
man, and Trumbuel appeared and answered
to their names.
When Mr. Cameron's name was called,
Mr. SCOTT. It is only when my colleague
has felt a very deep interest in a pending
measure that he has left his room to be in the
Senate for several weeks past. It is known
that he has been quite sick. I presume he
would be here to day but that his health com-
pelled him to stay away.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the name of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will be omitted.
When Mr. Cattei.t,' s name was called,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey is absent on account of sickness,
as the Senate well knows; and if there be no
objection his name will be omitted.
Mr. CONKLING, (when his name was
called.) May I inquire what the question is,
Mr. President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the vote
on a motion that the Senate adjourn no quo-
rum voted; and the roll is being called for the
purpose of excepting Senators who may be
absent on account of sickness from any call,
if the Senate should order one under the
eighth rule.
When the name of Mr. Morrill, of Maine,
was called,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is well known
that the Senator from Maine is absent in con-
sequence of indisposition. His name will be
omitted.
When Mr. Morton's name was called,
Mr. PRATT. My colleague is absent on
account of indisposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. His name will
be omitted.
When Mr. Patterson's name was called,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that Mr. Pat-
terson is absent on public business in New
York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. His name will
be omitted.
When Mr. Revels's name was called,
Mr. AMES. My colleague is absent on
account of sickness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. His name will
be omitted.
When Mr. Sumner's name was called,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is sick.
The VICE PRESIDENT. His name will
be omitted.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (when his name was
called.) I do not exactly understand this
proceeding. I have just come into the Sen-
ate Chamber from a committee session of an
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending a mo-
tion for the call of the absent Senators by the
Sergeant-at-Arms the list of absentees was
being read over for the purpose of excusing
those who were absent on account of sickness.
The calling of the roll having been con-
cluded,
Mr. HARLAN. As a quorum is now pres-
sent, I move that any further call be dispensed
with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No call ha? been
ordered, and no further proceeding will be
had unless the motion should be insisted upon.-
.Qn the motion to adjourn no quorum voted. A
quorum is now present in the Chamber. Peti-
tions and memorials are now in order.
attendance op pagss.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion, to which I ask the attention of the Senate.
No one can have watched the countenances of
these pages during the roll call on the motion
to adjourn without noticing their extreme sym-
pathy with that motion. Now, as the Senate
l'eel bound to remain in session from a sense
of public duty, I make the suggestion that the
Sergeant-at-Arms have the unanimous consent
of the Senate to excuse the pages from service
to-day after twelve o'clock. I think we can
get along very well without them.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Senator from
Alabamaasks that, by unanimous consent, the
Sergeant at-Arms may be allowed to excuse
such pages as in his opinion can be dispensed
with after twelve o'clock. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Lemuel James, of Matthews county, Virginia,
praying the removal of bis political disabil-
ities ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. AMES presented a memorial of A.
Burwell, of Mississippi, praying compensa-
tion for loss of property during the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
the heirs of Robert Ritchie, deceased, late of
the United States Navy, praying for arrears
of pay withheld under the aet of January 16,
1867; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILLTSY presented the petition, with
additional papers, of Clara Morris, praying
compensation for services rendered and for
losses sustained in ministering to sick and
wounded soldiers during the late war; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina, requesting their
representatives in Congress to use their influ-
ence to have the political disabilities of Hon.
A. M. Waddell, Representative-elect from the
third congressional district, and of Hon. Sion
H. Rogers, Representative-elect from the
fourth.congressional district, removed; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of N orth Carolina, in favor of amend-
ing the first proviso of the fourteenth section
of the bankrupt law, by striking out "1864"
and inserting "1871;" which was referred to
tbe Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, in favor of the re-
duction of the tax on tobacco and distilled
spirits; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance. .
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, in favor of the cre-
ation of a literary fund for the education of
the children of that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying the establish-
ment of a chair of homeopathy in the proposed
national university at Washington; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of F. A.
Liscomb, guardian of Sarah J. Bradley, pray-
ing that a pension be granted to his ward;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan and of New York, soldiers
of the late war, praying for such an amend-
ment to the homestead law as will entitle them
to additional benefits and privileges; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands,
Mr. CONKLING- presented a petition of
Anson Smith, for and in behalf of the assist-
ant marshals of Gloucester, Rhode Island,
praying the enactment of a law which will give
them an adequate compensation, according to
the nature and amount of the labor and ser-
vices performed by them in taking the census ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. RICE presented the petitions of Shelby
Gibson and of Chadwell Brittain, of Lee
county, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented two petitions of
citizens of Pittsfiela, Rutland county, Ver-
mont, praying the passage of the bill (S. No.
1227) to secure cheap transportation of bread-
stuffs and provisions from the West to the
sea board at uniform rates throughout theyear;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
Jasper H. Pittman, of Tallapoosa county,
Alabama, praying the removal of his political
