1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
580
- i
Mr. BEAMAN. If there be no objection, I
will move that the first reading of the bill be
dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this is a short bill, I
hope it, will be read throughout.
Mr. BEAMAN. As there is objection, I
withdraw the motion.
The bill was read.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be
read by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by par-
agraphs; and read as follows:
For ray of letter-carriers, 41,500,000,
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out "$1,500,000" and in-
serting " $2,000,000." I desire to make the
amount $2,000,000in order thatwe may extend
this letter-carrier system to some cities which
do not now have the benefit of it. I suppose
there will be no objection to the amendment.
I desire, further, to inquire of the gentleman
from Michigan [Mi\Beaman] if this is the same
appropriation bill as that of last year ?
Mr. BEAMAN. It is not; it is larger.
Mr. ALLISON. For what purposes is it
larger ?
Mr. BEAMAN. I will state, in answer to
the gentleman from Iowa, that the items of
appropriation proposed here are all the Post-
master General asked for. We have given him
all he asks, and he tells us it is entirely suffi-
cient for the purposes of the Department. _ I
hope, therefore, the gentleman from Iowa will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to know to what
class of cities this law applies. We find that
cities all over this country have the benefit of
this postal-carrier system, while other cities
equally large have not the benefit of that sys-
tem. Now, I desire that in some way or other
the system should be applied equally.
Mr. BEAMAN. It lies with the Postmaster
General to establish the system in any city that
he pleases.
Mr. ALLISON. I think not.
Mr. BEAMAN. Yes, it does. It must be
established in cities containing a certain pop-
ulation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Fifty thousand in-
habitants.
Mr. BEAMAN. But it may be established
in all others by the Postmaster General. And,
as I stated before, we give him here all he asks.
We give him $250,000 more than we gave him
for the current year, and I hope, therefore, the
gentleman from Iowa will be satisfied with the
proposition of the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to thegeu-
tleman from Iowa that he can reach the object
which he desires better, it seems to me, by
designating the places where the money shall
be expended rather than by increasing the
appropriation. The law now provides that the
Postmaster General shall establish the letter-
carrier system in towns of fifty thousaiid pop-
ulation, or upward, and he may at his discre-
tion establish it in towns where there is less
population. That discretion has been exer-
cised in several instances. Vv hen this matter
was up during the last session of Congress I
had a list of the cities where the system
had been established, with their populations,
and there were a number of places with per-
haps twelve or fifteen thousand, or twenty or
twenty-five thousand inhabitants, where the
system had been established. If wo were to
require the system to be established in all
towns of twenty thousand inhabitants the effect
would be to double or treble this appropriation.
There is manifest injustice in extending this
system to one town of twenty thousand inhab-
itants and refusing it, to another town with an
equal number of inhabitants. It ought to be
equalized ; and I attempted to get it done at
the last session of Congress, but could not suc-
ceed.
The question was taken on Mr. Allison s
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk resumed and continued the read-
ing of the bill down to the end of the first
section.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to go back to lines fifty and fifty-one, for the
purpose of moving to strike out the words
"twenty-five," in line fifty-one, so that the
clause will read "for mail depredations and
special agents, $100,000."
Mr. DICKEY. I object to going back, ;
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following amend- j
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
That no money appropriated by this act shall be
applied to the payment of the alleged claim against
tile United States in favor of (xeorge Chorpenning,
now pending before the Sixth Auditor of the Treas-
ury Department, or any part thereof.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object to that amend-
ment as not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment is in order.
It is a limitation on the appropriation, which
is certainly in order. It has been uniformly
held that a limitation on an appropriation is
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Michigan insist on the point of order?
Mr. BEAMAN. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. Tben the Chair over-
rules the point of order. The proposed amend-
ment is a limitation upon the appropriation
contained in the first section of the bill, and is
clearly in order.
Mr.. HOLMAN. I have but one remarkto
make in favor of this amendment. This claim
of George Chorpenning has been before the
Committee of Claims, and if has been adjudged
by that committee that it is entirely insufficient,
and that the party has really no claim whatever
against the Government. The committee find
that the sum of $29,000 already paid to hira
was not only in full of his claim, but was so
received. Now, inasmuch as the House has
been informed that under a bill passed last
session a large sum of money has been, in part,
allowed him by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, and "that some progress has been
made in the adjustment of the claim, it is very
clear that it is the duty of the House to take
some steps to prevent the payment of that
money. When the bill of last session was
passed very few members understood its char-
acter, and it certainly could not have been
passed if there had been a full understanding
of the nature of the claim.
Mr. BEAMAN. I have no objection to the
amendment at all.
Mr. DICKEY. I think it ought to be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
second section.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to strike out
on page 3, lines forty-four, forty-five, and
forty-six, being the paragraph in relation to
postage-stamped envelopes.
Mr; BEAMAN. That is a proposition to go
back, and I object to it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. .It is not a proposition
to go back. I offer the amendment because
petitions have been sent in here from all parts
of the country asking the Government- 
The CHAIRMAN. The committee can only
go back by unanimous consent.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I tried to get tne ear
of the Chair before the Clerk commenced to
read the second section.
Mr. BEAMAN. Why, Mr. Chairman, there
have been half a dozen paragraphs read since
the clause was read which the gentleman now
proposes to amend. If the gentleman rose to
offer his amendment at that time lie should
have insisted on his right. _ Even if he did
rise then he has waived his right by allowing
half a dozen other paragraphs to be passed
upon, and it is altogether too late to go back
now.
Mr. KELSEY. And an amendment has
been adopted ?
Mr. BEAMAN. Yes, we have had an amend-
ment adopted, on the fourth page of the bill
since that poition of the bill was passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It only proves that
the confusion in the Hall prevents us from
getting the attention of the Chair, with the
best intention on the part of the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ing sums, or so much thereof-as may be necessary,
be, and the fcsimo are heieby, appropriated for tne
year ending Juno 30,1872, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, namely :
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, $500,000.
For steamship service between the United States
and Brazil, $150,000.
Korsteamship service between San Francisco and
the Sandwich Islands, £75,000.
Mr. PROSSER. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads [Mr. Farnswortii] or of the
gentleman who has charge of this bill [Mr.
Beaman] whether the same line of steamships
cannot and does not carry the mails to Japan
and China and to the Sandwich Islands. If
so, why is a separate appropriation made for
the service to the Sandwich Islands?
Mr. BEAMAN. These items are in accord-
ance with the contracts now in force.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the section just read by adding to it "For the
transportation of free mail matter, $700,000."
Mr. BEAMAN. That is a standing appro-
priation bylaw, and does not need to be made
in this bill.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. ' I understand thai
is a standing law. but not a standing appropri-
ation.
Mr. BEAMAN. It is a permanent appro-
priation by a law that executes itself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have we not always
included it in our appropriation bills?_
Mr. BEAMAN. No; it is not an item of
annual appropriation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was it not in the
appropriation bill of last year V
Mr. BEAMAN. It was.not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will not
insist on it.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 3. Awl be it further enacted. That if the rcve-
; nues of the Post Office Department shall be insuf-
; ficiont to meet the appiopriations made by this
i act, then the sum of Jf .9ii9,333. or so much thereof
as may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
1 appropriated, to bo paid out of any money m
: the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to sup-
i ply deficiencies in the revenue of the 1 ost Otiico
; Department for the year ending June 30,187i.
Mr. CONNER. I move to strike out the
section just read,for the purpose of calling
attention to the fact that I was denied the
opportunity of submitting an amendment to
increase the appropriation for special agents.
There is but "one special agent now allowed
for the States of Texas and Arkansas. There
is scarcely a money-order office in those States
that does not lose every week packages of
money while in transit as registered letters to
their points of deposit. Smce the present Ad-
ministration came into power the Post Office
Department has not been able to send a single
special mail agent into my congressional dis-
trict, 011 the ground, as 1 am informed, that
the Department has not a sufficient force.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is the gentleman confining
his remarks to his motion?
Mr. CONNER,. I am confining myself to
my motion in my own way. I hold in my hand
an extract from the Galveston News of the 6th
instant, containing a, special dispatch to the
New York Evening Post.
Mr. BEAMAN. I must insist upon my point
of order.- .
Mr. CONNER. I should like to please the
gentleman, but must object to his dictating a
line of argument for me to pursue. _ I ask to
have the extract read which I have indicated.
