1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
purity of elections, or, aa I said, to defend the
ballot-box against frauds and piracies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar.-
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. II. No. 72) to regulate the
hours of labor of Government laborers, work-
men, and mechanics, reported it with an amend-
ment-.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1169) for encour-
aging the development of the mineral wealth
of the United States, and incorporating the
Mining School and Metallurgical Company,
reported adversely thereon, and asked to be
discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. COLE. I desire that bill to go upon
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. SAWYER. The Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom were referred sun-
dry petitions of citizens of Massachusetts and
New York, praying the establishmentof a chair
of homeopathy in the proposed national uni*
versity at Washington, direct me to report
them back and ask to be discharged from their
consideration, inasmuch as the university re-
ferred to has not been established, nor is it
likely to be during the present session of Con-
gress.
The committee were discharged from thefar-
ther consideration of the petitions.
Mr. SAWYER. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report back the resolutions
of the Legislature of Mississippi, in favor of an
appropriation for the American Printing House
for the Blind and the American University for
the Blind, with a request that the committee
be discharged from their consideration, as the
subject-matter has already been acted upon by
the committee adversely at the last session of
Congress, under the belief, which the commit-
tee still entertain, that the whole scheme is
very much in the nature of a swindle.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw my objection
to the consideration of the resolution called
up by the Senator from Rhode Island.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there further
objection to the consideration of the resolution
for printing the report of the Commissioner of
Education?
Mr. HOWARD. Ifit is not going to occupy
time 1 do not object $ otherwise, I insist on
proceeding with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
state whether that is an objection or not. An
objection must be absolute if at all. A con-
ditional objection is not available.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
Rhode Island wish that matter acted on now?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do wish it acted on ;
because it is very inconvenient to the Printing
Office to have the type standing.
The VICE PRESIDENT, = If there be no
further objection, the resolution is before tire
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The VICEPRESiDENT. Reportsof com-
mittees aPe still irr order.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R, No. SOS) for the relief of
the American Board of Co m missioners o f For-
eign Missions, reported adversely tfcereoti, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
' agreed to. He also submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 885) declaring the lands consti-
tuting the Fort Coffins reservation, in the Ter-
ritory -of Colorado, subject to preemption and
homestead entry, as provided for in existing
ktws, reported it without amendment.
•Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 803) amendatory
of an act entitled "An act to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain,"
to report itjback without amendment-. I pre-
sume it will take no time, and I shall be glad
to have it passed at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I fear that that will lead
to debate, and I prefer to go on with the
morning business.
bili.8 introduced.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ihave received and been
requested to ask unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate for leave to introduce a bill for straighten-
ing the Washington canal and opening James
creek branch, with a memorial on the subject,
which I wish to have referred, with the bill,
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1358) for straighten-
ing the Washington canal and opening James
creek branch; which was read twice by its
title, and referred, together with the memorial,
to the Committee On the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
1359) for the relief of A. Burwell, of Vicks-
borg, Mississippi; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 324) to authorize Wil-
liam H. Hanford, jr., to bring suit for proceeds
of captured property in the Court of Claims ;
which was read' twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1582.
Mr. HOWARD. I object till we get through
with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. If there be none, the
Senator from Arkansas moves that the Senate
proceed—■—
Mr, ANTHONY. I think the Senator from
Arkansas ought to allow the resolution to
which I have called attention to come up.
Mr. RICE. My bill has been read already;
it will not take a minute to pass it, I think.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the resolution is taken
up, I will then give way to the Senator's bill;
but unless it is taken up now, I see no chance
for it.
Mr. RICE. Very well; I will yield to the
Senator,
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that th^ Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
providing for printing the report of the Com-
missioner of Education ; and when it is taken
up I will give way to the Senator from Ark-
dns&s
Ike VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oa the motiou of the Senator from Rhode
Island, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution for printing the report
of the Commissioner of Education.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate; bat the Senator from
Rhode Island has indicated a disposition to
yield to the Senate? from Arkansas.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICE. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1582)
authorizing terms of the United States district
court to be held at Helena, Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be regarded as before
the Senate, subject to a call at any time for
the regular order, which is the resolation for
printing the report of the Commissioner of
Education.
Mr. RICE. The printed amendments re-
ported by the Committee on tire Judiciary have
been adopted; but there are a couple of verbal
amendments which I wish to move.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary is not in his seat
at this moment, and I wish to suggest that that
bill will lead to considerable debate.
Mr. RICB. I do not think it will. It has
been debated already.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Notasmuchasitwillbs.
Mr. RICE. I think it has beea. Let me
perfect.it anyhow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well I do not
object at this moment.
Mr. RICE. In the-sixth line of the fourth
section I move to insert after the word "held"
the words " at Helena."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment being verbal, wiilbe regarded as agreed to.
Mr. RICE. Then at the end of section five,
as amended, I move to insert the words " and
the terms of the court now required to beheld
at Van Buren shall hereafter be held Fort Smith
in said .district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Sen-
ator from Arkansas any farther amendments
to move?
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That being the case, I
hope the bill will be printed as amended, and
lie over until to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was taken up
subject to a demand for the regular order, and
the Senator from Vermont objects to proceed-
ing with its consideration. It will therefore
be laid aside.
BRIDGE ACROSS WABASH RIVER.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to consider House joint resolution No. 469,
granting the Chicago and Illinois Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across
the Wabash river, and declaring the same a,
post road. I assure the Senate that there
is nothing in this joint resolution which will
provoke objection from any quarter. I hope
the Senate will do me the kindness to allow
it to be put on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that to be a bridge
over a navigable stream?
Mr- PRATT. Yes, sir; it is a navigable
stream, but the provisions of the resolution
are carefully guarded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
its being read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which proposes to confer on the Chicago a d
Illinois Southern Railroad Company (a con-
solidated corporation, formed by the consol-
idation of the Mount Vernon-and Grayville
Railroad Company, under the general law of
the State of Indiana, and the Grayville and
Mattoon Railroad Company, organized under
an act of the Legislature of the State of Illi-
nois,) the right to construct and maintain an
iron or wooden bridge for railroad purposes
and as a publie highway, either with a draw or
a continuous span, as it may determine, acioss
the Wabash river, at any point the corporation
may select, either at or opposite the town of
Grayville, in Edwards and White counties, in
the State of Illinois, or Webb's Ferry, in or
opposite White county, in the State of Illinois,
and Posey county, in the State of Indiana, or
at any point on the river iu the neighborhood
of the 'town of Grayville or Webb's Ferry,
within five miles of either place. The bridge
to be constructed under the authority hereby
granted is not to interfere with the free navi-
gation of the river beyond what is necessary
in order to carry iwto full effect the rights
and privileges hereby granted, and it is to be
built  t right angles with the current of the
stream where it may be erected ; &md a space
of at least one hundred and seventy feet over
the main channel of the stream is to be lel't
between the piers of the structure. If the
