1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
bridge shall be built with a draw of not less
than one hundred feet in width, and the draw
is kept in repair for the passage of boats at
all times, the detention of passing the bridge
shall not be construed as interfering with the
navigation of said river. The bridge is to be
considered as a lawful structure,, and a post
road for the transmission of the United States
mail. In case it shall be built 'with a contin-
uous span, the piers shall be at least two hun-
dred feet apart, and the bridge shall be built
at such height as not to interfere with the navi-
gation of the river by steamboats.
' The Committee on Eost Offices and Post
Roads reported an amendment, to insert at the
end of Hie joint resolution the following:
And-providedfurther, That all railway companies
desiring to use said bridge shall have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage of the
same, and in the use of the machinery and fixtures
thereof, and of all the approaches thereto, under
and upon such terms and conditions as shall be pre-
eeribed by the district court of the United Statesfor
the district of , upon hearing the allega-
tions and oroofs of the parties, in case they shall not
agree.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the right to
alter or amend this resolution, so as to prevent or
remove all material obstructions to the navigation
of the said river by the construction of the said
bridge, is hereby expressly reserved.
Mr. PRATT. I move to fill the blank in
the latter part of the first section by inserting
" the southern district of Illinois."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as agreed to ; and the ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After our experience
with the Cincinnati bridge, and after it is now
claimed by the friends of that corporation that
if we require any alteration in order to accom-
modate public navigation in protecting the
river, the United States are morally or legally
bound to pay for it, I think it is high time,
before we pass any further bills on the sub-
ject, to have an express provision in them
that if the necessities of navigation require
any future alteration or elevation of a bridge,
it shall be done at the expense of the com-
pany, and not of the United States.
Mr. RAMSEY. Congress reserves the right
in this bill to do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's pardon.
I think I listened to the resolution, and under-
stand pretty well what it reserves and what it
does not reserve. Therefore, I think it had
better go over until to-morrow morning, that I
may prepare an amendment which will perfect
my purpose, if adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution will now be laid aside, and the concur-
rent resolution reported by the Committee on
Printing taken up.
IIKPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF EDUCATION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of'
the following concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives:
Resolved bp the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the report
of the Commissioner of Education, for the year 1870,
twenty thousand extra copies, of which eight thou-
sand shall be for the use of the department of edu-
cation, eight thousand for the use of the House, and
four thousand for the use of tho Senate.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayard, to add at the end of the
resolution the following proviso :
Provided, That that portion of the contents of page
103. entitled "Opinions of educators in the States,"
be first expunged.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I would ask
the attention of the Senate for a few moments
on this question. At a proper time I propose
to submit to this body some remarks respect-
ing this subject of public education and some
remarks connected with the mode in which
Congress proposes to deal with it; but I shall
not do so upon this occasion and in the dis-
cussion of this present measure.
The facts are simply these: the Commis-
sioner of Education has compiled certain
information, statistical and otherwise; he has
presented." it to Congress, and asks them to
print it as one of the accompanying documents
to the President's message.
In looking at this book, I discovered that,
as respects the State which it is my honor in
part to represent on this floor, there was a
total misunderstanding and a gross misrepre-
sentation of the true state of facts connected
with our system of public education in that
State. Since I made that objection I have
more fully considered it, and I find that my
statements were much within the truth, and
that what purports to be information to the
public in regard to the system and condition
of public education in that State is utterly
illusory and worse than valueless; it is unkind
unjust, and disrespectful to the community of
whom it professes to speak ; and the sources
from which the information is obtained are
personal, partisan, and unreliable. And now I
will show the Senate upon what I base these
facts.
I have moved to amend this resolution by
striking out a portion of what is printed upon
page 103 of the report, entitled "the opinions
of educators" in that State. I have told the
Senate that not one of these parties is named,
not one of them has any official position enti-
tling him or them to speak with authority. It
is not only a private opinion, but anonymous.
In looking at page 105 I see the source from
which this information was derived. It is the
teacher or principal of a private establish-
ment. It is true that his establishment was
incorporated by law, but it is controlled and
was incorporated for private ends entirely; it
has no public duties whatever. And yet the
only suggestion made to the people of the
United States that there is a State institution
in Delaware at all is the untrue one that this
private school is the representative, and the
sole representative, of the interest in educa-
tion felt by the people of that State. This is
grossly unjust to the many excellent private
schools for either sex, with which the commun-
ity I represent is admirably supplied, the
advantages of which our fellow-citizens in
other States freely avail themselves of; so
that we supply not only educational facilities
for our own people, but for the citizens of the
surrounding States.
At the time I last drew the attention of the
Senate to these facts I did not think of stating
that we have had for nearly half a century an
institution of learning established by the S tate,
modest fh its pretensions, but very substantial,
excellent, and respectable in its results, called
the Delaware College, at Newark. That insti-
tution has been in existence, as I say, nearly
half a century. It has been endowed by the
State from time to time with moneys. The
money derived from the agricultural college
scrip, as it was called, granted by the Congress
of the United States to the various States, was
bestowed by the Legislature of Delaware upon
this institution. It has been well expended
and well invested. It stands there to-day, a
very respectable State university. Scholar-
ships are submitted to every member of the
Legislature, who can nominate any youth he
pleases to receive there the best university
education that a population so small as ours
and with such comparatively restricted means
as ours can give. Delaware College has a fac-
ulty of great respectability. It is presided
over by a gentleman of high character and
culture, assisted by several professors of excel-
lent capacities and attainments ; and I believe
that itaffords to the people of that State and the
surrounding States as fair an opportunity for
an economical and sound university education
as probably could be expected from a State
with such a small number of inhabitants.
When the difficulty of maiutaining a uni-
versity is considered, even in communities of
large accumulated wealth and dense popula-
tion, it is not surprising that we have difficulty
in keeping up our college and its faculty, with
our small nucleus of wealth and population.
But there are many distinguished and valuable
public men of this country who owe whatever
of education they possess to Delaware college;
and yet, in this report, these "edueators"
undertake to pass by completely the existence
of this most respectable and substantial insti-
tution of learning in our State, and inform the
people of the country that there is nothing
better for our people to rely upon for their
education than these imported self-styled' 'edu-
cators," who mean to convey to the people
of the country the impression that their's is an
official State establishment. Senators, that
representation is wholly untrue. There are a
dozen better schools not mentioned or referred
to than the private school that undertakes to
advertise itself at public expense in the columns
of this report; and I submit to you that you
owe it, not only to the people of that State, but
to the cause of truth, to the cause of sound
education and morals, to say, when your young
men are to be instructed, that their first lesson
shall be that they shall be honorable and
truthful.
I confess that I was somewhat amazed when
I heard, as part of the argument favoring the
publication of this report, that the people were
to be libeled into action on the subject of
education; that they were to be lashed by false-
hoods and stung into some action favorable to
the views of those who had libeled them. If
there was any logic in the argument favoring
the printing of this report it was that the more
errors the report contained the more valuable
it would be for public dissemination. That is
a most remarkable proposition. In my opinion
the first thing that an educator of youth should
try to do should be to teach a child that sweet
truth is the great essential; that a fact care-
lessly enunciated, or conveying false impres-
sions, is disgraceful.
I have done my duty in drawing the atten-
tion of the Seuate to something that is worse
than worthless on the face of this report. If,
after what I have said, that you are giving to
the people of this country a totally false im-
pression of the condition of our educational
system in Delaware, you think it just or right
or respectable to publish reports which do not
even on their face profess to be facts, but are
mere speculations and assertions, on hearsay—
and this, when I tell you, as the representative
of my State that its school system is uotiu any
degree truthfully represented in this report—
then the responsibility will be with you. But
it will be against my protest. I cannot imagine
that Senators would desire to see misrepre-
sentation disseminated.
I am aware that on the subject of education
there are differences of opinion. I have had
occasion in my duty as a parent and as a legis-
lator most anxiously to consider this great
subject; and I certainly consider that there
should be a moral training, proceeding pari
passu with the mental training of a child.
Certainly, the first thing that he should be
taught should be to speak the truth. And
what an example it would be to suffer a mass
of erroneous facts, of idle and calumnious
statements to go forth to the country as being
the true representation of the system of edu-
cation in one of the States. I do not say that
our system is perfect. I do not say that it is
half as good as I would wish to see it; but I do
mean to say that it possesses a great many
advantages which it is not worth while for me
to discuss, or to detain the Senate upon now,
which receive rio recognition at all in this
report. Therefore I trust the Senate will eon-
cur with me in not only expunging the portion
of the report which 1 have already moved to
strike out, but I ask leave now to amend my
amendment and include in it that part of the
report, published on page 205, which includes
