1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the account of the State Normal School, sim-
ply because that is an advertisement at public
expense of a single private establishment, omit-
ting all mention of the many others which there
^xist.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware modifies his amendment, there
having been no vote upon it, and it will be
reported to the Senate as modified.
x\Ir. DAVIS. Mr. President, I expressed
opposition to the consideration of the resolu-
lion at this time, and I am opposed to its
adoption now and always. I am entirely
opposed to the Congress of the United State3
iaking under its care and control a system of
national education. I believe that that is a
matter which had better be left to the States,
to the people of the States, to the churches
of the country, and to private associations
and corporations. The people of America are
devoted to religious freedom. They will not
allow Government, State or Federal, to inter-
fere with their religious opinions and their
perfect freedom of conscience; and I hope
they never will.
The subject of education and schools is
closely connected with religion and with re-
ligious denominations. Indeed, schools are
but the handmaids of churches. They are
almost peculiarly and instinctively ancillary to
churches, and consequently with this fact, and
a perfect comprehension of it by the people
of the United States, there is almost as much
indisposition among them that Congress or
Government should interfere with education
as with religion and churches. 1 live in a
small town of about five thousand inhabitants.
There are eight, churches in it; six white and
two colored. Each one of those churches has
a school connected with the church, and you
cannot get the members of any of the church
associations, as a general rule, to sustain the
schools of another church association. There
is a peculiar jealousy and sensitiveness, and
not an improper one, on the part of the peo-
ple of the United States upon the subject of
churches, religion, schools, and the interfer-
ence of Government with either.
Now, Mr. President, I was opposed to the
creation of this Bureau of Education and voted
against it when it was proposed. Here is a
book of five hundred and seventy-seven pages,
which the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing proposes to have printed. I
ask the honorable Senator what number he
proposes to have printed—I have forgotten—
and the cost?
Mr. AN f HON Y. Twenty thousand copies;
four thousand for the use of the Senate, eight
thousand for the use of the House, and eight
thousand for the use of the Commissioner.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my main ob-
ject in objecting to the proposed consideration
of the resolution to print was that I might,
when the -subject came up in the appropriation
bill, move to strike out the whole appropria-
tion for the Bureau of Education, and so relieve
the Treasury from its cost. Every institu-
tion. every bureau, every establishment that is
organized either by Federal or State legisla-
tion, must have a management, a control. It
is natural and inevitable that such establish-
ments and organizations shall come under a
denominational control. You cannot exclude
that principle. You cannot exclude that abuse
or source of abuse of power from them or any
of them. The consequence is that they fall
under denominational management and con-
trol; and this management is more for the
benefit of the denomination or sect, if I may
use that term, than it is for the general and
legitimate purposes of education.
Thgre is no literary institution in the United
States, whether it be connected with Govern-
ment or not, that, as a general rule, is not
midw denominational control and direction,
and the control and direction of which is not
peculiarly, and in the paramount sense of
the word, for the benefit of the sert or denom-
ination which has that control. It is impossi-
ble to keep out this denominational control
and government. It pervades every school;
it pervades every institution and the execu-
tion of every law, whether Federal or State,
in relation to the subject of schools or educa-
tion. It has already crept into this bureau
called the Bureau of Education, and it is man-
ifested most distinctly and most offensively in
this report, as pointed ont by the Senator
from Delaware. With the enterprise and tact
peculiar to such organizations and enterprises,
this report is sought by a certain class of
" educators," as they call themselves, although
I think they are guilty of some assumption in
taking that name, to be made the medium of
advertising their schools and their systems of
tuition, and consequently and mainly their
systems of religious faith to the people of the
United States.
Mr. President, all this is wrong. There
never was a greater apple of discord intro-
duced into legislation or policy, or into the
coarse of the administration of the General
Government, than this Bureau of Education.
You cannot get any church to agree to any
such system or organization unless it has a
material agency and control in the manage-
ment of it. Some of them are certain to get
this control and management, to the exclusion
of all others; and the inevitable consequence
is that all others are dissatisfied, and are
rising in revolt against the thing, as they
ought. It is a subject that ought to be kept
out of the halls of Congress. It has been
but recently introduced into them. It never
should have been received into them at all;
and, in my judgment, it cannot be too sud-
denly and too absolutely expelled from them,
once and forever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill is before the Senate, the pending question
being on concurring in the amendment made
as iu Committee of the Whole regarding the
Court of Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. My friend from California
[Mr. Cole} looks very smiling and good-
natured, and I presume he will allow a vote
to be taken on this resolution. I should like
to get rid of it.
Mr. COLE. I should be very glad to allow
a vote to be taken; but, of course, I cannot
consent to allow a long discussion upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kentucky is still upon the floor.
Mr. COLE. I must ask for the regular order.
I do not know how long this debate will last.
I hope Senators will not appeal to me as a
member of the Committee 011 Appropriations
to let other business interfere with the appro-
priation bills at this stage of the session, and
in view of the condition of those bills.
Mr. DAVIS. The appropriation bills are
much more necessary and much more fit sub-
jects for the consideration of the Senate and for
its action, and it seems to me that the acting
chairmau of the Committee 011 Appropriations
ought not to yield to the desire that is ex-
pressed to have a continuation of the debate
on this subject until it is decided. I think,
with a view to the public service and the
extreme shortness of the time that remains of
the present session, he ought not to give place
to any subject whatever, but to press the pend-
ing appropriation bill and all other appropri-
ation bills. If he chooses to take a different j
course I have no right to object, of course. j
Mr. COLE. I have not proposed to take I
any different course. The Senator is crowd- !
ing me into a different course by continuing I
his speech afterthe inormtighour has elapsed. ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning'
hour has elapsed, and the appropriation bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky would let us have a vote upon the reso-
lution it would oblige them very much over at
the Printing Office.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Rhode
Island would withdraw the proposition entirely
it would oblige me more, and I think the Sen-
ate, too, and the country.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will agree very cheer-
fully to accept the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware, which, I believe, removes alt
that is objectionable in the report.
Mr. DAVIS. That is hardly within the range
of my objection. Of course the order of the
day comes up, and I am bound to yield and
will yield with perfect pleasure to the order
of the day if the honorable Senator who has
charge of it chooses to press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
called nj), as is his duty, the unfinished busi-
ness, which is the appropriation j?ill; and the
pending question is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole in
regard to the effect of pardons on cotton cases
in the Court of Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia if he has any objection to allowing the
appropriation bill to be laid aside informally
for half an hour, to see if we cannot get a vote
on thisquestion 1 Itis the printing of the bureau
report, and it has been before the Senate two
or three times in the morning hour, and I am
sure Senators on the other side do not mean
to prevent a vote on it. I think if we' can lay
aside the appropriation bill for half an hour
we can get a vote on the resolution. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky undoubtedly wants to con-
clude his remarks.
Mr. COLE. The subject that was under dis-
cussion at the expiration of the morning hour
is such an exceedingly prolific one that yield-
ing half an hour, I am sure, would be just like
wasting half an hour. I think the Senator from
Wiscousin must see it in the same light. Itis
a very prolific topic, and Icannotsee when the
debate will end. It is very disagreeable to me
to refuse the appeals of Senators, but I shall
after this have to make it a personal affront
if any one does make such an appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to yield for. any purpose.
The object in view can only be reached by
postponing the appropriation bill, which is now
before the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that this appropria-
tion bill and all other bills be postponed until
this resolution is settled. This resolution has
been on our desks nearly ever since the ses-
sion commenced. It passed the House long
ago. It is getting late in the session, and I
think it is due to the Commissioner and to
the cause of education that we should have an
expression of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana mores to postpone the pending and
all other bills to continue the consideration
of the resolution in relation to printing the
report of the Commissioner of Education.
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to intimate a
proposition that would reuder that unneces-
sary. There seems to be such an ardent de-
sire among Senators to come to a vote upon
this subject that I will stop my remarks short,
cut them off like a corn-cob, and let the ques-
tion be put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 'he motion of the Senatorfrom Louisiana.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the eleventh rule the appropria-
tion bill can be discussed on that motion, but
not the matter proposed to be considered,
which is the report of the Commissioner of
Education.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wish lo say to
the Senator who has the appropriation bill in
charge that this resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island cannot pass without discussion.
Mr. COLE. Then I hope 
The VICE PRESIDEN1'. The Senator from
Ohio is 011 the floor.
