1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
through the open way, but stealthily, as the
wolf enters the fold, "or as a thief in at a
window climbs."
It was after the ocean of war had ceased
to rage that this curse of punishment was
announced:
"Sec.3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil ormilitary. under
the United States, or under any State, who having
previously taken an onth as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the same, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability."
It was regarded in the South only as the
expression of conquest and subjugation, and a
lasting monument of victory For one party and
defeat of the other. It never met the approval
of any respectable number there, and was by
its victims regarded as the bitterest draught of
the war. It is the penalty for the past and the
ever-living hope of an imperishable and prac-
tical malevolence for the future. It was a pun-
ishment next in cruelty to that of exile, and
gendered in a heart in which love of home and
country, with all their delicate and tender asso-
ciations, had no abiding-place. It is a com-
mission for torture till the executioner is satis-
fied with the humiliating agonies of his victim.
For the present I will leave it, and direct my
attention to questions that may enlighten my
pathway to its grave.
CAUSES AND OCCASIONS OP THE REBELLION.
The remote and adequate causes of the rebel-
lion will be found in the disparity of climate,
soil, and productions of the different sections.
To these may be added the presence of an
uncongenial and dissociable race. The latter
incident is but the logical result of the pre-
existing causes, its presence here depending
upon a climate partially favorable to the sub-
ject race and the fact that the settlement of the
country took place in an age when semi-bar-
barous ideas obtained in all the nations of
Europe. These were carried here and applied
to the conditions that surrounded the early set-
tlers. The more northern section of the Uni-
ted States followed the voice of nature, oper-
ating there for the emancipation of labor and
the sole possession of the country. Prejudice
of race and the desire to dominate over all the
advantages had much to do with the expulsion
of the docile but thriftless and irresponsible
African from the North.
The broad plains, the fertile lands, a climate
warm and enfeebling to the European; the rich
and desirable productions, and a climate at the
same time congenial to African labor, always
subject to domination and in need of direction,
attracted subject labor around the masters of
the country. The presence of so many of the
servile race had no small effect upon modifying
the institutions and habits of the ruling class.
In the North free labor was only indirectly
" tinder the influence of eapital. In the South
labor was the chattel of tire capitalist. The
laboring race was the property of the white,
and so regarded in adjusting the national
Government. The great accession of popula-
tion from Europe served*to fill np the North,
which threatened to destroy the institutions
and property of the South. Foreseeing the
tendency and the menace standing out against
the cherished institutions of ages, and threat-
ening to overthrow, sooner or later, the accu-
mulations of many years of energy and indus-
try, the statesmen of the South sought pro-
tection in a separate government. "Vainly
they believed that institutions could ward off
the unseen and ever active agency of natural
causes.
It was but one of the many errors resulting
from an over-abounding faith in the power of
legislative enactments to repel or postpone the
ehatiges of time. Self-interest conspired to
' darken the 'understandings and inflame the
passions of all. Antipathy to the authors of
the constant aggressions upon their rights of
property, protected as they believed by solemn
constitutional guarantees, greatly increased the
force of these causes. To this was added a
distrust of the good faith of those who assailed
their interests, and a contempt for the spirit
of gain which triumphed over all other consid-
erations among the champions of free labor.
Oh the other hand, the habit of domination
rendered the slave-holder haughty, independ-
ent, impatient of restraint, and confident in his
power to defend his rights and interests.
These were the causes which alienated one
section from the other, and in the course of
time arrayed one in deadly hostility against
the other. They were not the result of human
will, but of nature molding human feelings,
desires, interests, and purposes. They are
independent of human agency and in no way
responsible to it. It may well be doubted
whether it is proper to call any portion of the
people to account for their action, or to punish
any individuals for the results which they could
not, if they had wished, have controlled.
I do not intend to deny responsibility and
crime on the part of many of the agents who
brought about the occasions which inaugurated
the rebellion. In the South they were the guilty
ones who seized upon the social and political
conditions as stepping-stones to position. They
endeavored to strengthen the southern mind
in its convictions of the righteousness of the
institution of slavery, and to inflame its resent-
ment toward the North. In the North the men
who aroused the spirit of aggression and rev-
olution of their section against the South, and
thus sought power at the expense of the pub-
lic peace, are justly responsible for their full
share in the fatal consequences of the war. The
guilty men are not the ones who come under
the ban of exclusion from office. Many of them
are those who now howl most loudly on the
track of persecution and malevolence. It is
not of these that 1 am speaking. I refer to the
great mass of the people, who sought no per-
sonal advantage from political changes and
who always had loved and still love the Gov-
ernment. For the guilty parties there is but
little retribution. They have neither conscience
to condemn them, nor shame to feel mortifica-
tion, and are abundantly supplied with that
kind of prudence that glides through the meshes
of the law. It is the honest, the brave, and
the worthy that suffer in great national calam-
ities. Against such a class wisdom will never
counsel severity or scanty charity. Such won-
derful upheavals in society should annihilate
all personal resentment, all sectional and social
prejudices. The maguitude of the calamity
should silence individual suffering. On sneh
occasions men should arise above the narrow
sphere of the shops or the market-ho-use. They
then ascend beyond the level of even a com-
mon humanity, and for once become divine,
by manifesting that spirit of forgiveness which
tendered the 'cross so glorious in its conquest
of the world.
•KEHELLICTN SPOT THE "UXPAKnoSABLE SIN.
The opinions of men on moral and political
questions depend greatly upon the stand-point
from which they view the subjects. They seldom
see virtues and lofty motives of duty in their
enemies. This is especially true of mean and
ungenerous natures, of the narrow, fanatical,
envious, and haughty, and of those who cher-
ish implacable resentments. It is not often that
the agents of great conflicts are disposed to do
justice to their opponents. This is the work
of disinterested spectators or future historians.
Truth will, however, in the end vindicate itself,
and a generous spirit of forgiveness and phi-
lanthropy triumph. We are prone to follow
thedictates of resentments and passion, though
they must in the end lead to ruin. Revenge
is sweet to the majority ; it is a present grati-
fication, while forgiveness promises only a
future good. Tyrants and their satellites are
so prone to punish opposition and so fond of
submission, that they reward the latter and dis-
courage the former by penalties and all kinds
of maledictions. Loyalty to existing power
is always a great virtue and disloyalty the
greatest crime. Self-interest furnishes an
ample incentive for the possessor of power to
venerate loyalty; bnt it is not equally satis-
factory for the course of his partisans unless
their chief pleasure consists in service. It
matters not what may be the motive, all advo-
cates of a party regard loyalty to them as the
sublimest virtue and disloyalty • as the most
pernicious of crimes. They do not readily dis-
criminate between intelligent maintenance of
a cause and blind devotion to a party organ-
ized in their own interests. While the power
of the Federal Government was in the inter-
ests of the South the early opponents of slavery
bad no high regard for the Union and the Con-
stitution. No sooner had the interest changed
than the rebel became the grandest criminal
in the annals of time.
It is far from my purpose to justify revolu-
tions in all cases. On the contrary, it is better
to endure a bad Government than hastily to
rush into war without any prospect of obtain-
ing a better or without a well-founded hope of
success. Rebellion against agood Government
seldom fails to bring its own calamity as a
retribution upon those who resist. While we
condemn the conduct of many who resort to
revolution, we are as far from regarding un-
questioning loyalty as a cardinal virtue. Ifris,
after all. but a blind divinity, as often leading
a crusade against liberty as protecting human
rights. Its instincts are all on the side of
power. It has borne the banner of the op-
pressor and inspired the hosts that have tram-
pled the humble in the dust. It loves not the
cottages of the lowly, and the rags, the hunger,
and ihe cold that surround them. It is the
inhabitant of the palace, and is clothed in pur-
ple and fine linen. It is the companion of
emperors and kings and marshals, their fleets
and armies, against liberty. It was the loyalty
of Robespierre that conquered the fidelity of
La Fayette and "Roland's spotless virtue," and
silenced " the fervent eloqueiree of Verguiand's
tongue." In all ages it has been the 41 friend
of tyranny and the foe of man." It was claimed
by St. Just and Couthon as the ally of the guil-
lotine in the defense of France. In Spain it
has sustained the Inquisition, in England the
gallows, in Russia the knout; and it carried
the cimeter and the Koran over half of pros-
trate Asia and the best parts of Europe and
Africa.
The odious term " disloyalty " seems to de-
rive its frightful character from the service it
has rendered mankind, who too often kiss the
foot that tramples on their neck and smite -the
friend that rescues them. Disloyalty has been
t.lic apostle ©f glad tidings to the humble, the
courageous, and the free. It has opened to
humanity the hopes of the future and broken
asunder the chains that have fettered their
limbs and confined their aspiration within the
limits of caste. It has revolutionized society,
religion, and government by its audacity of
effort to civilize the state and ennoble human-
ity. It has broken the slumbers of monotony
and stagnation. It haS amalgamated classes,
reorganized the social and political conditions
of the people, revolutionized the aims of gov-
ernment, and established the reign of the many
instead of the few. It claims among its friends
sueh names as Socrates, Luther, Hampden,
Sydney, Washington, and William the Silent.
Let it not be forgotten that disloyalty is fidelity
to a cause, while loyalty is fidelity to power.
Success does not alone render revolution hon-
orable. True, it does crown its authors with
immortality, as the example of our ancestors
attests, not more by the glory of their cause
than by its grand results.
It was the awakening of humauity to a sense
of its capacity and rights. It was a proclama-
tion to all the world that man is capable
of self-government, that Governments derive
