1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to introduce
a bill without previous notice. I know nothing
about the merits of the case ; but the bill is
presented to me with an accompanying affi-
davit. I move that the bill and affidavit be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1229) for the relief
of the sureties of George B. Way, late major
and additional paymaster United States Army ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1230) to amend an act entitled "An act
making appropiiations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1871," approved
July 12, 1870; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1231)
to abolish tonnage dues on American vessels;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, aud ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1232) to prescribe the manner of holding
elections for "President, Vice President, and
Representatives in Congress, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG also asked, aud by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1233) to prescribe the time for
holding the election for electors of President
and Vice President in the State of Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. As the title of this bill
would import it to be a bill of an unusual
nature, I desire to state, by the constitution of
the State of Louisiana the election for Gov-
ernor and other State officers, and also for
members of Congress, takes place on the fiist
Monday of November. By the law of Congress
the election for presidential electors occurs on
the Tuesday after the first Monday of Novem-
ber. The object of this bill is to legislate so
that the election for presidential electors and
members of Congress shall occur on the same
day as the election for Governor and all the
otheroffieers.of the State under the provisions
of the State constitution. I move the reference
of the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I have in my hand a_ joint
resolution which is peculiarly interesting to
the people of Kansas. Bolh of the Senators
from that State are absent and I have been
asked to present it. I therefore ask leave to
introduce it without previous notice.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 287)
to amend an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1871,
and for other purposes," approved July 15,
1870; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, andordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 288) granting the Chicago
and Illinois Southern Railroad Company the
right to build a bridge across the Big Wabash
river, and declaring the same a post road;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLB. 1 ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution which I have been requested to intro-
duce. It is in explanation of a law already
passed.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 280)
relating to the claim of Pablo de la Toba ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
CHARLESTON HAliBOK.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unauimous
consent, and agreed to :
jResolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the Senate whether surveys of Charleston
harbor have been completed in accordance with the
provisions of the second section of the act of Con-
gress of July 11, 1870; and, if so, to submit estimates
of the amount needful to complete the improve-
ments shown by said surveys to be desirable.
iiayden's geological survey.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
concurrent resolution ; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senrte, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there he printed twenty
thousand five hundred copies of Professor Iiayden's
preliminary report to the Secretary of the Interior
of the United States geological survey for the year
1870; fifteen thousand copies of which shall be for
the use of the House of Representatives, five thou-
sand copies for the use of the Senate, and five hundred
copies for distribution by the Smithsonian Institu-
tion.
OCEAN STEAMSHIP SERVICE.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution I offered the
day before yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to take up the resolution
offered by him, fixing a day for the consider-
ation of three steamship subsidy bills. The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumskb]
desired to call up a bill; but the Senator from
Minnesota has taken the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is properly business
of the morning hour; and I hope the Senator
will not present his matter until the business
of the morning hour has been disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I am afraid that this reso-
lution will take some time.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Ramsey on the i7th instant:
Tlemlted, That the bill (S. No%683) authorizing mail
steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico, between
the port of Now Orleans and certain ports ol the
republic of Mexico; the bill IS. No. 1195) authoriz-
ing the establishment of oeciui mail steamship ser-
vice between Iho United States and Australia; and
the bill (S. No. 1112) to establish ocean steamship
lines lor the transportation ot the ma-xls between tno
United States and Europe, and for other purposes,
be made special orders for Thursday next at one
o'clock, in the order in which they are named in this
resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. Perhaps I had better change
the date named in the resolution. What day
is suggested by Senators?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Say Monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I will say Mon-
day next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota modifies his resolution so as to make
these bills the special order for Monday next.
The question is on the resolution as modified.
Mr. McDONALD. Before the question is
put, 1 desire to amend the resolution by adding
the Mediterranean and Oriental steamship bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Arkansas. .
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, it I had
at hand a bill, to which I shall refer, I would
call the attention of the Senate to it more
particularly than I can without it before me.
Two or three days ago I introduced a bill,
which is now before the Committee on Com-
merce, a bill which the committee think con-
tains a good deal of merit. It would certainly
not be advisable that all the bills to which the
Senator from Minnesota has referred should
become laws before the Committee on Com-
merce can perfect and report on this bill, and
the day which is assigned by the Senator will
anticipate the possibility of a report on the bill
to which I now refer. T'ho subject to which
all these bills relate, is a very important one.
It ought to be considered in the most intelli-
gent way ; and if a special order is to be made
of any of these bills, I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to do two things; first, to make the
day one sufficiently far off to enable the Com -
mittee on Commerce to report this bill, when
it is perfected, aud then to allow this hill to be
one of those to which the special order shall
attach. Then, if the Senator from Minnesota
should not think well of this bill, when it comes
from the committee, it may, nevertheless, con-
tain suggestions which he might wish to adopt
as amendments to some other bill which lie
may favor, In short, it is not worth while, I
submit to the Senate, for us to act in the dark
in regard to a measure to which the best intel-
ligence of a good many people has been given
and which has the commendation of some of
the very best authorities on this subject, in the
country.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the time has come
when this question of ocean subsidies should
be disposed of by the Senate. I am not par-
ticular as to what kind of a bill conies up, and
I have no objection to the consideration of the
Senator's bill at the proper time; but these
bills named in my resolution have been long
before us ; his bill is not yet matured. They
ara entitled to earlier consideration because
they have been longer before the Senate. '1 lie
order in which I have suggested the consider-
ation of these bills is, first, the bill propos-
ing subsidies for steam mail-ship service m the
Gulf of Mexico, from the city of New Orleans
to Vera Cruz, Sisal, &e.; second, the bill pio
viding for steamship service from San 1'ian-
cisco, by way of Honolulu, to Australia; and
the third, which probably is the only one that
eomes in conflict with the bill of the Senator,
but which will probably not be reached on the
day designated, (for the other bills will no
doubt consume the whole day,) is the Atlantic
steamship bill.
I will say to the Senator that although we
have reported these bills and perfected them
with the best lights we could get, consulting
the Post Office Department and the Tieasuvy
Department, we itie not wedded to the partic-
ular form of the bills. If his is better than ours
of course we are willing to accept it. 1 do not
think I hat any reason he has yet given would
be sufficient in justifying him jn asking for a
postponement ot the other bills.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me suggest to the
Senator one reason. It is not very likely that
theSenate \sill accept this bill, even if itshould
be a great deal better, provided the Senator
insists on a disposition of the question winch
shall take place before it is possible to present
this bill to the Senate. I do not see how it would
be very easy for the Senate to avail itself of any
suggestion of value, if there be one in this bill,
unless the Senator will so amend his motion
as to allow the committee to present to the
Senate their project, whatever it may be.
Mr. RAMSliY. I still think it is but fair to
the parties who have been here urging these
measures for so long a time that they should
have the advantage which their expedition has
given them.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota to fix Thursday next 
Mr. CHANDLER. Say Friday.
Mr. WILSON. On Monday next we desire
to take up the bill that lost its place yesterday
morning ; I mean the bill of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull ] 1 wish that, bill to
be taken up and resume its place on Monday
next. I hope the Senator from Minnesota will
consent to let these.bills go over until the latter
part of next week.
Mr. CHANDLER. Say Friday.
Mr. WILSON. I will say Friday of next
week. I move that amendment.
Mr. MORTON. 1 hope the bill which was
