1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
597
one the combined strength of the whole. I
think that, each of these measures ought to be
considered as a severalty, as a separate propo-
sition, and ought to be considered upon differ-
ent and distinct days. The lobby members,
of course, who have the interests of these lines
under their management, -will be willing to take
them ail without regard to their utility and
justice andpolicy, if each lobby member can
get his particular measure united in the omni-
bus bill, or carry them all through as a whole.
It is an attempt to combine strength for the
purpose of forcing all the bills through, without
regard to the individual merits and claims of
each bill.
I think that this is a combined movement of
the owners and managers of these lines upon
the Treasury of the United States, and that the
intention of the sort of tactics here proposed
is to put the faggots together, to give them the
strength of a fasces. Now, I believe that all
these faggots ought to be tried singly and sep-
arately upon different days, and that tho inter-
ests and claims and strength and management
of each should not be brought to bear upon
the question of passing them all together. I
think that is a log-rolling mode of legislation,
which is pernieious in its effects and wrong in
its principle. If there is any project before
the Senate that, according to my judgment
and reason, would require assistance from the
Government of the United States, I should be
willing to vote it so far as I thought it just and
proper ; but it is plain that the purpose, the
policy, the object of grouping all these meas-
ures together and having thein considered
upon the same day is to give to each one of
them the combined and united strength and
force of the whole.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and the ques-
tion of the reference of the President's mes-
sage in regard to the southern States is before
the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator
who is entitled to the floor on that question, to
allow us to dispose of this resolution, which has
occupied so much time this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No Senator is in
the occupation of the floor at this time, as no
Senator claimed the floor when the debate
ended yesterday afternoon.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I ask that the unfin-
ished business be postponed for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks consent that the unfinished
business be passed over informally, in order to
continue the consideration of his resolution
making certain bills special orders. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears no objection ; and
the unfinished business of yesterday is passed
over informally. The question is on agreeing
to the resolution of the Senator from Minne-
sota as modified by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question before
'he Senate is simply a proposition to fix a day
for the consideration of these bills; and it
does seem to mo we ought to decide that with-
out debate, or at least without any lengthy
debate. Why aan we not come to a vote and
decide to consider these bills? They have
been long pending. I do not know that I
shall vote for any one of\hem, but they are
matters of public consideration and have been
pressing upon us and taking up time. Now,
let us set them down for some day. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota proposes to put it of? for
a week. There can be no possible objection
to that. Why not let us vote on this resolu-
tion and set some day for the consideration
of these bills? If they are objectionable, the
Senate will not pass them. But we shall waste
more time in these discussions, in trying to get
them up at odd times, than it would take to
dispose of the question if we could take this
subject up aud devote our attention to it.
Now, I hope we may vote.
Several ij-SXATORS. Let us vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
resolution-—I hope there will be no objection
to that—by adding "and any other bill relat-
ing to the same subject which may in the
mean time be reported."
Several Senators. There is no objeetion to
that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota accepts the amendment; and the
question is on agreeing to the resolution as
modified.
Mr. KELLOGG. I should like to hear it
reported as it now stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution, as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Jlesolved, That the bill (S. No. 683) authorizing mail
steamship service in the tiuif of Mexico between
tho port of Now Orleans and certain ports of the
republio of Mexico ; tho bill (S. No. 1196) author-
izing tho establishment of ocean malt steamship ser-
vice between 1he United States and Australia; the
bill (S. No. 1112) to establish ocean steamship lines
for the transportation of the mails between theUni-
ted States and Europe, and for other purposes; and
the bill (S. No. 1118) to aid tho Mediterranean and
Oriental Steam Navigation Company of New York
to establish an American line of iron steamships for
opening direct trade between the United States and
southern Europe, for carrying the mails of the Uni-
ted States, and for promoting immigration into the
southern States of the Union, together with any
other bills on. the same subjeet which may bo in the
mean time reported, be made tho special orders for
l-riday, the 27th instant, at oho o'clock, in the order
in which they are named in this resolution.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is very well known
to the Senate that during the last session Friday
was set apart for the business of the District
of Columbia. There is considerable business
already on the table from that committee, and
very much more under consideration in the
committee. Now, we have got to have some
day set apart when that business shall be con-
sidered, for it is next to impossible to get a
billup here relating to the Distrietof Columbia,
and unless there is some day set apart it is
absolutely impossible to get any legislation for
the District of Columbia. For one, I shall
certainly be opposed to taking the day which
was devoted to the District, of Columbia away
from that committee and giving it to special
orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution as modified.
The resolution was adopted, two thirds of
the Senate voting iu- the affirmative.
RECOMMENDATION'S TO OFFICE.
Mr, WILSON". I now move to take up ike
bill which was passed over yesterday on ac-
count of the debate that sprang up in the
morning hour on the resolution of the Senator
from Indiana, with a view to have it assigned
for Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business pending at the adjournment last even-
ing being before the Senate, the Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent that
the bill (S. No. 298) to relieve members of
Congress from impsrtumty and preserve the
independence of the several Departments of
the Government may be taken up and made
the special order for Monday next at one
o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. It lost its place yesterday ;
and I hope there will be no objection to this
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was displaced
yesterday, as was the bill of the Senator from
Indiana, both being special orders, by the con-
sideration of the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Mr. MOKTON. I had an understanding
with several Senators yesterday, when the bill
in regard to reimbursing the States was passed
over, that it should be taken up and restored
to its place ; and I trust no arrangement will
be made by which that bill will lose its posi-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. This will not do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the bill of the Senator from Illinois
is the prior special order, antedating the spe-
cial order of the Senator from Indiana. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask that the res-
olution which I offered a few days ago, assign-
ing to-morrow for the consideration of bills
from the Committee on Commerce, may be
acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business being still pending, the Senator from
Michigan moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the resolution assigning
to-morrow for reports from the Committee on
Commerce. Is there objection ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not like to consent,
to that if the effect of it is to pass over this
other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the resolu-
tion can only be taken up by postponing the
unfinished business.
Mr. CHANDLER. That bill is made the
special order for Monday.
Mr. MORTON. That is the bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois; bat the bill in regard to
reimbursing the States is the one which I desire
to have come up as soon as the pending reso-
lution is disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
let me have to-morrow for tke business of the
Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator fr®m Indiana object?
Mr. MORTON. I cannot consent if the
effect of it would be to displace the bill to
which I refer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the unfinished business is before the
Senate, and no motion is in order except by
postponing the unfinished business, which is
the reference of the President's messages in
relation to affairs in the southern States.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a bill of a local
character, with the view of allowing the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Brownlow] to ex-
press his views upon it. 1 refer to the bill
lor the relief of Mrs. Malinda Harmon, which
the Senator fr®m Tennessee desires to explain.
Mr. CARPENTER. Before that is done I
ask the Senator to allow me to give notice of
a matter which will take but a moment. There
are four bills on the Calendar which have been
leported by me, by direction of the Judiciary
Committee. One of them is a very important
bill, in relation to the practice in the Federal
courts. I desire to give notice that on Tues-
day next I shall ask the Senate to consider
those four bills. Some of them were reported
at the last session, some of them nearly eight
months ago; but owing to my youth, inexpe-
rience, and modesty combined, I have notbeen
able t.0 get them before the Senate for consid-
eration. They ought to be considered, and I
shall try to get them up on Tuesday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fram
Wisconsin gives notice of his intention to call
up on Tuesday next certain bills reported by
him from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Chair will state that there are twenty-six
pages #f the Calendar, and Senators will see
the difficulty now in making assignments.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Indi-
ana withdraws his objection, and I hope the
question will now be put on assigning to-mor-
row for the consideration of business from the
Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the resolution offered by
himself, assigning to-morrow at otie o'clock
for bills from the Committee on Commerce.
Is there objection?
Mr. PATTERSON. I must object, unless
