598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
some day can be assigned to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will vote to give that
committee any day the Senator will name.
Mr. PATTERSON. Then I ask that Thurs-
day of next week, at one ©'clock, be assigned
to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. MORTON. I see, from the assignment
of business for different days, that the bill
passed over yesterday morning will be post-
poned all next week. I certainly must object
to that. It will take hut a short time, in my
opinion, to finish it. I think we can finish it in
the course of an hour or two to-morrow, and I
hope we shall do that as soon as the pending
resolution is disposed of.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Indiana objects. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] asks unanimous consent,
on behalf of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Brownlow,J that a bill of a local character
may bo taken up, that he may make some
remarks upon it. Is there objection to this
proposition? The Chair hears none.
MALINDA IIA11M0N.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to considerthe bill (II. II. No. 2'2~>2)
for the relief of Malinda Harmon, widow of
Jacob Harmon, deceased, of Greene county,
Tennessee.
Mr. BROWNLOW. Mr. President, the ease
of the widow Harmon, of Greene county, East.
Tennessee, now before the Senate, is without
a parallel in the developments of the late re-
bellion. When the facts are understood—
and I will state thorn briefly—Senators will
agree with me that Mrs. Harmon's is one of
the first, claims which should have been met
by this Government on the termination of the
war.
In the fall of lSiil General McClellan, then
commander-in-chief of our armies, with others
in authority, stipulated with ceitain prominent
(Juion men, then refugees from East Tennes-
see in Washington, for the burning of all the
railroad bridges between the Virginia line and
Chatfanooga, a distance of two hundred and
forty miles. Accordingly, on the night of the
(iih of November, 1801, precisely at midnight,
these bridges were all fired. On its part the
Government pledged itself to follow the burn-
ing of the bridges by the immediate occupa-
tion of the country, thus protecting its agents
in this work with the forces then in Kentucky,
on the Tennessee border, under command of
General George II. Thomas.
The Government failed to carry on tits pledge.
As a consequence, thejails and prisons all along
the line of railroad were filled with Union men
charged with bridge-burning. Jacob Harmon,
an honest and industrious German, and one of
lus sons, residing in the vicinity where the Lick
Creek bridge was burned, were thrown into
piison, and soon after hanged at IvnoxviUe.
While in prison he executed a mortgage to one
.Mm Baxter, of a law firm, upon his farm and
homo—a valuable little farm, said to bo worth
35,000—with a view to his defense before a
drum head court-martial. The trial before the
court-martial wasa mockery. The counsel were
refused the facilities for defendiag the pris-
oners.
Judah P. Benjamin, the rebel secretary of
war, and former Senator from Louisiana, pub-
licly issued and printed an order, which I give
in his own words, namely :
" That all those implicated in burning the bridges
should be tried by drum-head court-martial, and, it'
found guilty, publicly hanged in the vicinity of the
binned bridges: and (hut their bodies should he loft
hanging for several days as a warning to the Union
men ot Uast Tennessee."
Among those executed were Jacob Harmon
and his sou, while another son was thrown into
prison and kept there until he died.
Siuce the close of the war the lawyer referred
to has foreclosed the mortgage and sold the
farm to pay for his services as a lawyei, of no
benefit to his clients, while he secured a Shy-
lock's fee ; and the result is that this poor
widow, whose husband and two sons died for
the LTnion cause, and whose home has been
fraudulently taken from her as a consequence
of the loyalty of her protectors, is now desti-
tute and suffering for the necessaries of life.
It is to enable her to reclaim her home that
this bill provides, and since without hesita-
tion the House has passed this bill, I doubt
not the Senate will do the same.
[The Chief Clerk read the above remarks at
the request of Mr. Brownlow, inconsequence
of his physical condition disabling him from
addressing the Senate.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is be-
fore the Sente as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment. It will be reported
in full.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. The pre-
amble recites that in the fall of 18G1 it was
decided by the Secretary of War to cause to
be destroyed all the railroad bridges in East
Tennessee between Chattanooga and Bristol,
and accordingly men were sent there to enlist
parties to perform the work; that one Captain
David Fry did recruit and enlist as a portion
of the force Jacob Harmon and his two sons;
that he, Fry, administered the oath to them,
and there being no Bible at hand he caused
them to place their hands on the Union flag
while he solemnly administered the oath to
be ever faithful and true to the Union; that
he then ordered them to destroy the bridge
across Lick creck, and the trestle-work, near
one mile in length, in Greene county, East Ten-
nessee; that they soon picked their opportun-
ity, and under the eye of Captain Fry put
fire to the bridge and trestle-work, and de-
stroyed them; that Harmon and two sons
were arrested, placed in a rebel prison, were
tried by a rebel court-martial, convicted, and
Harmon and one son hung till dead, near the
town of IvnoxviUe, East Tennessee, on the
17th of December, 1801, (the other son, having
contracted disease while in prison, died ;) that
Harmon employed counsel to defend himself
and sons, for which he executed his notes to
his attorneys for the sum of $3,000, and gave
them as security a lien or mortgage upon his
real estate ; that on the 27th of July, 1868, a
decree of sale of the land was ordered, for the
sum of $-1,103 50, which, if no relief is given,
will leave the widow with five children and
but little means left whereby to make a sup-
port: that it is evident Harmon and sons lost
their lives in the service of the Government,
and now, in the name of justice, honor, and
humanity the Congress of the United States
is in duty bound to relieve the widow and her
children from this debt of oppression, they
never having received one cent for the services
rendered by lier husband. The bill therefore
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Malinda Harmon, the widow of Jacob Har-
mon. deceased, of Greene county, East Ten-
nessee, the sum of S-1.G9G 70.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to object
to this bill, but 1 should like to have the pre-
amble stricken out.
Several Senators. No, no; let it stand.
Mr. MORTON. I hope it will be allowed
to stand as a model. [Laughter.]
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ciiaulks 1>. elgin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is again before the Senate.
Mr. REVELS. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the Senate to consider at this time the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 368) for the relief
of Charles P. Elgin, a worthy citizen of Missis-
sippi. I do not suppose it will take five min-
utes to consider it. It, has been reported from
the Committee on Finance, and I presume
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. MORTON. If it takes no time I will
not object.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to draw his warrant
upon the Treasurer of the United States for
such an amount as may be found due to Charles
P. Elgin, late assistant assessor of internal
revenue for the fifteenth division of the third
district of Mississippi, upon the adjustment of
his accounts by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, without regard to his omission to
qualify according to law for the duties of ki3
appointment.
The jsint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
donations of cannon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
unfinished business, the Chair submits a let-
ter from the Secretary of War, and as it bears
on various pending propositions and is brief,
the Secretary will report it in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States a report from the
elnef of ordnance, calling: attention to the seeming
necessity of restricting theilonation of bronzocannon
to various monumental associations, inasmuch ns it
is doubtful whether the donations already made by
law can bo honored, and because many of the bronzo
guns on hand are of serviceable models, and worth
several hundred dollar-* per son.
WILLIAM AV. BELKNAP,
&eci etury ot H'ar.
Wak Department, January 18, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This letter, to-
gether with the report of the Chief of Ord-
nance, will be referred to the Committee ou
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
disorders in t1ie south.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the President's messages of the 13tli and 17th
instant, the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Casserly, to refer the messages
to the Committee on the Judiciary, that motion
having priority of the motion of Mr. Morton,
to refer them to a select committee of five
Senate rs.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, to refer the messages to a select com-
mittee of five.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed ?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the committee will be appointed by
the Chair, and the resolution offered yesterday
by the Senator from Indiana will be legarded
as agreed to. The Chair hears no objection to
this course.
So it was—
liesolved, That a select committee of five Sen-
ators he appointed, to which shall be referred tho
documents and papers recently laid before the Sen-
ate by the President in referenceto theeondition of
the southern States, and that such committee havo
power to employ a elerk and stenographer, to send
tor persons and papers, administer oaths, and invest-
igate the matters lefeired to in the documents ami
papers aforesaid, and the truth orialsohood of the
crimes and outrages of a political character alleged
to havo been committed in the southern States, and
whether there be in those States security ior persoDs
and property.
LYMAN G. SPACLDING.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 209, which will take only a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. It. No. 209)
authorizing the President to nominate and,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint Lyman G. Spaulding a master
in the Navy of the United States.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
