1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
of the State or the peace of society when
relieved there might be some ground for not
acting, provided the continuance of the disabil-
ities was a remedy. But in the present case
it is admitted that they are among the most
peaceful, law-abiding, intelligent, and virtuous
in their respective States. The existence of
these disabilities now constitutes a, common
bond of union among all who were implicated
in the rebellion. It also embraces all their
relations and all who in any manaer sympa-
thized in the fatal movement, It goes still
further, and embraces many who became vic-
tiais of a war they constantly opposed.
In removing the disabilities so aggravating
and useless the Government breaks this bond
• of sympathy which unites the mass of intel-
lect, courage, and property of one great sec-
tion of the nation against its present Admin-
istration. The people will then assume an
• attitude that will enable them to consider the
questions that form the policy on which the
Government may be administered. So long
as these burdens remain they will look only at
the measures that consign them to a humil-
iating inferiority. You may try to divert their
minds into other channels of thought by direct-
ing their attention to material interests and
great public enterprises. A few of the cor-
ruptible may give heed to the siren song of
gain, and smother their present disaffection in
their bright hopes of future wealth. Those
of loftier purpose and keener sensibilities will
not be comforted thus. They will feel the
sting of a wound torn open every hour that
they breathe.
PRACTICE OF THE GOVERNMENT.
This Government is not to be administered
as a counting-house or a nisi prius court.
You cannot keep a ledger of the conduct of
the citizen. He will not admit your right to
balance his account of the good and evil that
he may do in the course of his life. He
will not suffer a censorship over his actions
which is to charge them to the debt or credit
side of his account as may be thought proper.
There are some men in Congress who presume
to decide when American citizens shall be
entitled to amnesty. They pretend to know
the time when such an event may be brought
about, and with an impudence only equaled
by their vulgarity pretend to decide the moral
and political rights of honorable and merito-
rious citizens. They belongto that class whom
circumstances have placed in the sixip of State,
and, like the Hibernian, they do not care how
soon she goes to .pieces, as they are only-pas-
sengers.
Empires must be controlled by instrument-
alities commensurate with their character and
aims. The part of our empire I am now con-
sidering stretches from the Delaware bay to
the Rio Grande, comprising nearly one mil-
lion square miles of territory, extending over
many degrees of longitude and latitude. It
presents almost every variety of climate, soil,
scenery, and geological formation. It is hap-
pily exempt from the rigors of an Arctic winter
and tropic sun—the nurse of fierce passions,
enfeebled intellect, and animal existence. It
possesses a climate that induces the growth
of intellect, high moral sentiments, and the
•refinements of a noble civilization. Nature
has given it a vast coast line of ocean, sought
by numerous and .great rivers, constituting a
perfect arterial and venous system through
■which a great commerce seeks the markets of
4he world. The richness and grandeur of its
vegetable productions correspond to its exu-
berant soil, its bright and genial skies. I do not
purpose, if 1 had the power of expression
adequate, to describe this great and beautiful
region. It is its people that concern me, and for
whom I feel an abiding interest, and whose past
•history and future glory -are to constitute the
brightest pages in the annals o( time. They
have a history made by great and honored
ancestors, whose memories are embalmed in
ihe hearts and souls of their posterity. These
were great men, loved and honored by the
gods, who laid the foundations of an empire
boundless in extent, and to whose duration
years gave no limit. Their memories have
been, adored, and their bright examples have
illuminated the path of duty as their children
have spread the area of dominion over the
new and unrivaled inheritance that an all-
bountiful Providence had given to them. They
are proud of their country, and have sought to
render themselves worthy of their privileges.
The bar and the beneh furnish some of the
brightest names that have ornamented the
history of jurisprudence. These beeame the
great teachers of the people, who crowded
the hustings and forum to hear questions of
public policy and law discussed with a grace
of manner, a brilliancy of expression, a! pro-
fundity of thought, and a courageous inde-
pendence that would challenge the age of
Grecian eloquence. Men, women, and chil-
dren, of all ages and conditions, caught the
inspiration of their great actors; and the love
of glory, the desire of excellence, the ambi-
tion for distinction, crowded the forum and the
Senate with statesmen of wisdom and orators
of unrivaled grace. These people have not
been less devoted to the eloquence of the forum
than to courage and address in the field. They
have adorned the annals of the field not less
than the domain of letters. To some extent
they, the people, are hero-worshipers, as have
been all great peoples. Their heroes belong
to the noble and pure. They have not been
accustomed to bow down to idols made by
human hands nor to adore the emblems of a
vulgar insolence.
Their change, wrought by the rebellion and
its consequences, is one of the saddest chas-
tisements that ean befall the humau fam-
ily. No calamity is so fraught with anguish,
so crushing to the spirit of a proud people, as
defeat. Famine may bear its wan and wasted
thousands to the tomb ; disease may desolate
its provinces; brave men will bow with rever-
ence to the chastisement of Providence. Time
will restore their hopes and soothe their sor-
rows. Defeat is a sting whose wound cannot
be healed, and subjugation is worse than a
universal grave. So keenly do brave and gen-
erous victors feel for those stricken by their
own weapons that they seek by a noble sym-
pathy to remove ali evidences of triumph.
What agony, what grief, has been carried
to every habitat-ion in the humiliated States!
These were the real saddening sorrows of the
war, such as .even brutes could feel. To these
may be added the overthrow of their social
order, the destruction for the time of ancient
Commonwealths, the most renowned republics
on the globe. In their places governments
were organized, not by the people and for the
people, but the siave and his leaders, by an
unexpected revolution in the wheel of fortune,
became t-he rulers. The States all were placed
under a race of men so different from the
former political rulers that they regarded them
with surprise and indignation. If they had
fallen from ' the moon they could not have
differed more widely from the people.
One class of these novi homines regarded
no place as sacred, and rushed to the function
of government under the inspiration that car-
ried the swine into the sea. They covered the
land, and like Virgil's Fame, stretched them-
selves from earth to the clouds that they might
fill the air with " lies and knavery." Malice
is garnered near their hearts, that they may
keep up a constant supply. Evil they never
forget, and haye no memory for good. The
former is a near relative, while the latter is
a stranger to their moral constitution. They
are so fond of seeing others suffer that they
will not die lest they might please some one
who would rejoice at their death.
There is another class that have a degree of
worldly prudence that enables them to enter-
tain opinions suited to the opportunity. They
are never out of season. They instinctively
discern the proper period for change of opin-
ion, as the bird of passage for its flight. They
are not without a zeal which increases or dimiu -
ishes in its intensity as the times promise a
greater or less reward. They have no knowl-
edge of their incompetency to manage empires,
nor have they feeling enough to be restrained
by shame from the effort. They are as tena-
cious of their purpose as a horse-leech, which
never lets go its hold until filled with blood.
They would not leave their places though they
should encounter all the plagues of Egypt.
They form a list of species too long for dis-
eription, and I must content myself with the
mass. It is not in human power to do justice
to the subject. If Dante, who explored the
recesses of the infernal world, had encountered
such a race of beings, his pen would have failed
the occasion and his courage the effort. They
seem not the authorship of any hand, unless
of one of nature's journeymen, who made
them badly. They would defy the raving fancy
of the maniac to people a world so wild, so
sadly out of joint, so abhorrent and abhorred.
These unplumed birds of passage leap at a
bound from the shell to the ermine. The
highest and most venerated places, won with-
out the sacrifices that virtue always demands,
were filled without worth or dignity and exe-
cuted in the interest of resentment or personal
gain. The place, with its occupant, sinks into
contempt. Justice has been peddled as a com-
modity, and law is no longer regarded as a pro -
tection to human rights. The agents of gov-
ernments became to the people what the frogs,
the flies,- and the murrain were to the Egyp-
tians. For this state of affairs the people com-
plained; and who would not? Their murmurs
have been construed into disloyalty and rebel-
lion, as a pretext for sending new swarms of
ranters, fanatics, imitators, sots, praters,
cheats, slanderers, knaves, empirics, insolent
politicians, spies, informers, and adventurers,
to keep watch and guard over them' and to
devour their substance. Villainy has been
classified and reduced to a science. It is so
regular and certain that it might be rendered
more desirable if it were not for its grossness,
which even long and constant custom cannot
degrade the people to accept.
'The people to be restored to their former
relations, for elevation of character, love of
independence, softened and refined by the
sacred endearments of home, the cultivation
of manners, preferring the modest and quiet
power of grace and beauty of expression,
of thought, and form to the ruder elements of
material force, impatient and resentful of all
restraints not imposed by respect and rever-
ence for worth, perhaps were never surpassed.
Gn the other hand, tie instrumentalities to rule
were unaccustomed to the nature and char-
acter of the people; they were called to govern
in all respects the opposite in character, as
they, were different in race and condition. It
is true that rude instruments have arisen from
out the very earth to the rule of a great and
elevated people. They were such as God
himself had ordained for the purpose. They
communicated to the country they chas-
tised a new and greater power and diffused
over it a brighter and more glorious light.
Their virtues mitigated and excused their
ruder vices. They were not only tolerated,
but in some degree respected and obeyed.
And in some cases, although they became
the admiration even of their country, they
could not elevate or deify the instrumentalities
through which they rose. Such were the cases
of Cromwell and Napoleon. In our case no
great virtues, or even startling and manly vices,
have been used ; naught but that meanness
which crawls upon the ground and eats the
dust of the earth. All the illusions and sedu-
cing virtues necessary to soften and modify
authority and render it acceptable to the pros-
perous and happy, to say nothing of the sad-
dened, conquered, and irritated people for
whom, it was intended, have .been set at defi-
