1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
599
an amendment, to strike out at the end of the
joint resolution the words " said appointment,
if made, to place him at the foot of the list
of masters," and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
Provided, That it appear upon examination that
ho has been relieved from the physical defect which
led to his resignation and is otherwise physically
competent for service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported t© the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of th'e Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2524) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872;
A bill (H. II. No. 2579) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 417) author-
izing an American register to the British ship
Robert L. Lane.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate,
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
The bill (S. No. 849) to authorize the sale
of certain lands reserved for the use of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians in the State of
Wisconsin; and
The bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of the
Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians in
the State of Wisconsin.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker ef the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 1G0) providing
for the payment of James T. Elliott,- late a
private in the eleventh Michigan infantry, for
services as extra-duty clerk ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 450) author-
izing the settlement of the accounts of William
Y. Patch;
A bill (H. R. No. 2706) for the relief of
Charles Pomeroy, late receiver of public
moneys at Fort Dodge. Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 1S57) for the relief of
Shadrick Saunders, Daniel Moore, Alexan-
der Forbes, and other citizens of Petersburg,
Virginia; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2414) ceding certain juris-
diction to the State of Ohio.
K. II. LAMSON.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution (S. R. No. 190) author-
izing the President to withdraw his acceptance
of the resignation of R. II. Lamson. late lieu-
tenant United States Navy.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the ^ hole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ADVANCES IiY THE STATES.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the bill to reim-
burse the States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 508) to refund
to the States the interest and discount on
money borrowed to equip, pay, supply, and
transport, troops for the service of the United
States in the recent war, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Ramsey to the
amendment of Mr. Morton.
Mr. JEWETT. I inquire whether it be in
order for me now to move for an executive
session ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. JEWETT. Then, in pursuance of the
understanding and talk yesterday, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate accordingly (at one o'clock and
twenty-five minutes p. m.) proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. After
four hours spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2524) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and the bill (H. R. No.
2579) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, (at five j
o'clock and twenty-six minutes p. m.,) the |
Senate adjourned. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 19, 1871.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part;
when, on motion of Mr. Dawes, the further
reading was dispensed wiih.
ocean steamships.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2799) to aid in the
construction of twenty or more first-class iron
steamships, together with ship-yards, machine-
shops, rolling-mills, wharves, docks, &c., for
the building and maintenance of the same,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, naval, and other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
ship robert l. lane.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
Commerce, for consideration, at this time, the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 417) authorizing an
American register to the British ship Robert
L. Lane. I have before me a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, who says that this
case is in conformity with the precedents
established by Congress.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue an American register to the British
ship Robert L. Lane, owned by William C. N.
Swift, of New Bedfoid, Massachusetts.
Mr. HOLMAN. If any gentleman desires
it, I will have the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury read. I think, however, there will
be no objection to the joint resolution being
passed.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
powers of commissioners.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2800) to give the
commissioners for the acknowledgment of
legal papers, appointed by the supreme court
of Pennsylvania, like powers as are now exer-
cised by commissioners appointed for the State
of Pennsylvania under the United States laws;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
vote of reference; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table. I
do this in order that the bill may not come
back by a snap judgment on the House.
The motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
PROTECTION OF THE INDIAN FRONTIER.
Mr. DEGBNBR. I ask permission of the
House to make a short statement. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, of which I am a
member, have but one morning hour remain-
ing. There is a very important bill coming
up this morning which will probably consume
the entire time which is at the disposal of our
committee. I ask permission to report a bill
for the better protection of the Indian frontier,
and to move that it be recommitted to the
same committee, with permission to report on
a later day. The bill deals with a matter
'which is highly important, more important
than any money question before the House.
It is the life of American citizens we are called
upon to protect.
Mr. SLOCUM. I object.
ESTHER I). FOX.
Mr. CULLOM, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2801) granting a pen-
sion to Esther B. Fox ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
DUTIES ON RAILWAY IRON.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2S02) relating toduties
on railway iron ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN A. AHE'AItN.
Mr. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2803) for the relief
of John A. Ahearn ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
MRS. DRUSILLA DICKERSON
Mr. DUVAL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 2804) for the relief of
Mrs. Drusilla Dickerson ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. STILES. I ask leave to offer a resolu-
tion for consideration at the present time.
Mr. PORTER. I object.
MAUMEE RIVER.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of order-
ing a survey and appropriation for improving the
Maumee river above Toledo.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred and recommitted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the regular order.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences, at seventeen minutes past twelve
o'clock ; and reports are in order from the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do not pass, the bill
(II. R. No. 1(3-32) to regulate Indian affairs;
and moved that the same be laid on the table.
The Motion was agreed to.
