600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
INDIAN TERRITORY, OKLAHOMA.
Mr. YAN XIOIIN", from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back, "with, amend*
mentaj the bill (H. R. No. 299) to provide for
the consolidation of the Indian tribes, and to
organize a system of government in the Indian
territory.
The bill was read, as amended by the com-
mittee, as follows:
lie it enacted by the Senate and# House of liepresent-
at ive* of the United States of America in Conor ee# assem-
bled, That there be, and is hereby, created and estab-
lished within the territory bounded as follows, to
wit, on tho north by the southern boundary of the
State of Kansas, on the west by the eastern boundary
of the Territory of Now Mexico and the State of
Texas, on .the south by the northern boundary of
the State of Texas, and on tho oast by the western
boundary of the States of Arkansas and Missouri, a
temporary governmentby thename of the Territory
of Oklahoma.
Sec.2. Andbeit further enacted. That the executive
power and authority in and ovorsaid Territory shall
bo vested in a Governor, who shall be appointed by
the President, by and with tho advioe and consent
of the Senate, and whose salary shall be $3,000 per
annum. The Governor shall reside in said Territory,
and shall be commander-in-chief of the militia and
ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs, and shall
hold his office for four years unless sooner removed.
He may grant pardons and respites for offenses
against the laws of said Territory, and reprieve for
offenses against tho laws of the united States until
the decision of the President of the United States
can bo made'known thereon. He shall commission
all officers who shall be appointed to offico under
the laws of the said Territory, and shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed; and, in case
of his absence, from any cause, the duties devolving
upon him shall for the time being be performed by
the secretary of said Territory.
Sue. Andbe.it further enxcted, That there shall
be a secretary of said Territory appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, who shall reside therein and hold his
office lor four years. lie shall record and preserve
nil laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all tho acts and pro-
ceedings of the Governor iu his executive depart-
ment. Ue shall transmit one copy of tho laws and
journals of the Legislative Assembly within ninety
days alter tho end of each sesMon, and one copy of
the executive proceeding and official correspond-
ence semi-annually, on the 1st days of January and
July iu each year, to tho President of tho United
State.", and two copies of tho laws to tho President
of the Senate and to tho Speaker of the Houso of
Itepresontativos, for tho use of Congress, and ono
ropy to each Indian tiibo located m said Territory:
Pi ovuhd, That in the fust edition of the laws of
said lerritory shall be embodied tho Constitution
of the United States and the organic afct of said
Territory.
SKC. 4. Anil be it further enacted. That the legisla-
tive power and authority of said Territory shall be
vested in a Legislative Assembly, which shall consist
of a council and house ot representatives. Tho coun-
cil shall consist of thirteen members, having the
qualification of voters, as hereinafter prescribed,
whose term of aorvico shall continue three years.
Immediately after they shall be assembled, in eon-
sequence of the first eleotion, they shall be divided
as equally as may bo into three classes. The seats
of tho members of the council of the first class shall
bo vacated at the expiration of thefirst year; of the
second class at the expiration of tho second year;
and ot tho third class at the expiration of the third
>ear; to that ono third may bo chosen every yoar.
The house of representatives shall consist of ono
member from ouch tribe or nation whoso population
shall not, exceed fivo hundred, and an additional
lumnbor for each ono thousand Indians, native or
adopted, (colored persons included,) and each frac-
tion oi a thousand greater than fivo hundred, being
members of any tribe lawfully resident in said Ter-
ritory, and shall be selected by the said tribes or na-
tions respectively,And if none shall bo formally
selected by any nation or tribe, it may bo represented
in said house of representatives by the chief or chiefs
or headman ot said tribe or tribos, to be taken in the
.order ot tbeir rank, as recognized by their tribal
usage, in the number and proportion above indicated.
J roviousto the first session ofgaidLegislativeAsscm-
bly, the Governor shall, under the direction of tho
Secretary of the Interior, cause a eonsus or enumer-
ation of each tribe lawfully resident in the said Ter-
ritory to be taken by competent persons, and in such
mode as the Governor shall designate and appoint;
jand the persons so appointed and taking said census
jshall receive such compensation therefor as shall be
fixed by the Secretary of the Interior, to bo paid by
the United States. An apportionment shall then bo
made as nearly equal as practicable for the election
of the council, giving to each section of the Territory
representation in the ratio of its qualified voters as
nearly as may be, and the members of the council
and house of representatives shall reside in and bo
inhabitants of the district for which they may bo
elected respectively. The first election shall be held
at such time and places, and be conducted in such
manner, both as to tho persons who shall superin-
tend suvh election* and the manner of making re-
tmus thereof, as tho Governor shall appoint and,
djject; ard he shall at the same time declaie the
number of membeis of the council aud houso of rep-
resentatives to Which each of the tribes or districts
shall be entitled under this act: and he shall, by his
proclamation, give at least sixty days' notice of such
apportionment, and of the time, places, and manner
of holding such election. The persons having the
highest number of legal votes in each of said council
districtsfor members of the council shall bedeclarcd
by the Governor to bo duly elected to the council;
and the persons having the highest number of legal
votes for the house of representatives shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected members
of said house: Provided, That in case two or more
persons voted for shall have an equal number of
votes, and in case a vacancy shall otherwise occur in
either branch of the Legislative Assembly, the Gov-
ernor shall order a new election to fill such vacan-
cies. And the persons thuselected to theLegislative
Assembly shall meet at such place and on such day,
within ninety days after such election, as the Gov-
ernor shall appoint; but thereafter the time, place,
and manner of holding and conducting all elections
by the people of said Territory, and the apportion-
ing of the representatives of the various tribe* and
districts, shall be prescribed by law, as well as the
day of the commencement of the regular sessions of
the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That no session
in any one year shall exceed the term of forty days,
except the first session. Which shall not be prolonged
boyoud sixty days,
SBC. 5  And be it further enacted. That every male
over the ago of twenty-one years, who is a member
of one of the tribes in the said Territory, shall have
the right to vote for all elective officers in said Ter-
ritory, and to hold office therein; Provided, That no
person shall be deprived of the right to vote or hold
office in said Torritory on account of race or color or
previous condition ot servitude.
Sec. 6. And be %t further enacted, That the legisla-
tive power of the Territory shall extend to all right-
ful subjects and matters pertaining to the intercourse
and relations of the Indian tribes and members of
different tribes resident in said Territory, the arrest
and extradition of criminals escaping from one tribe
to another, the administration of justice between
members of any of the tribes of the said Territory
and all other persons, the punishment of crimes,
and the civilization and improvement of the people.
All laws enacted by said Legislative Assembly shall
take effect at the times therein provided, unless sus-
pended by the President of the United States. ]tfo
law shall be enacted inconsistent with tho Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States; nor shall said
Legislative Assembly legislate upon matterspertain-
ing to the legislative, judicial, or other oigauiz.ation,
laws, or customs of the several tribes or nations ex-
cept as herein provided for, and no law shall bo in
foicc providing for the sale, taxation, of incum-
brance of real estate, nor shall any tax be imposed
upon the property of tho United States, and no law,
rulo, or regulation ndopted by said Legislative As-
sembly shall take cft'cct and be in loi^e until it shall
receive tho approval of thoGovernor; nor shall sla-
very or involuntary servitude bo permitted in said
Territory except in punishment of crime, whereof
tho party shall have been duly convicted: Ptovhlcd,
That any act sent to the Governor for his approval,
and not returned by the said Governor to tho house
in which it originated within ten day* after being so
sent, with his objections thereto, shall become a law
the same as if npproved by the Governor- j1mlpro-
vided further, That any act returned to the Legisla-
tive Assembly with objections by the Governor shall
become a law if it receive two thuds of the votes of
each branch of tho Legislative Assembly, tho veto
of tho Governor to the conti aiy notwithstanding.
SEC. 7. Andbeit further enacted. That the judicial
powor of said Territory shall be vested in a supreme
court and district courts. The supreme coiut shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate justice*,
to be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, any two of whom
shall constitute a quorum, and who shall hold a term
at theseatof govcrnmentof said Territory annually;
and they shall hold their offices for four years. The
said Territoiy shall be divided by law into three judi-
cial districts; and a district court shall be held in each
of said districts by one of the justices of the supreme
court, at such times and places as may be prescribed
by law; and tho said judges shall, after their ap-
pointments. respectively, reside in tho said Terri-
tory. Each districtcourt, or the judge thereof, shnll
appoint its clerk and interpreters, and tho said
clerk shall also be theregistor in chancery, and shall
keep his office at the place whore tho court may
be held. "Writs of error, bills of exceptions, and
appoals shall be allowed in all cases from the final
decisions of said distriot courts to the supreme court,
under such regulations as may be prescribed by law.
The supreme court, or the justices thereof, shall ap-
point its own clerk and interpreter; and every clerk
and interpreter shall hold his office at the pleasure
of the court for which he shall have been appointed.
Writs of error and appeals from the final decisions
of said supreme court shall be allowed, and may bo
taken to the Supreme Court of tho United States, in
the same manner and under tho same regulations as
from the circuit courts of the United States, where
the value of tho property, or the amount in contro-
versy, to be ascertained by the oath or affirmation
of either party, or other competent witnesses, shall
exceed $1,000, except that a writ of error or appeal
shall be allowed to tho Supreme Court of the United
States fiom the decision of tho said supreme court
created by this act, or of any judge thereof, or
of the district courts created by this act, or of any
judge thereof, u^on any writs of haheat corpus in-
volving the question of personal freedom. And each
of the said district courts shall have and exorcise
the same jurisdiction, in all cases arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States, as i3
vested m the eii cult and district courts of the United
States, subject to the limitations contained in this
act, and sach other jurisdiction, not inconsistent
with this act, as may bo conferred by the laws of the
Terriroiy; and the first six days of every term of
said com ts, or so much thereof as shall be necessary,
shall bo appropxiated to the trial of causes arising
under the said Constitution and laws; and writs of
error and appeal in all such eases shall be made to tho
supreme court of said Territory the same as in other
case&. The said clerks shall receive, in all such cases,
the same fees which the clerks of tho district courts
of Washington Territory now receive for similar ser-
vices; aud all interpreters shall be paid two dollars
per diem. The said supreme court and circuit courts
shall recognize all laws, rules, and usages of each
ot sayl Indian tribes, as to the members and within
the limits of the same, not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws of the United States and of
the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. S. And be it .further enacted. That thereshall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advico and consent of the Senate, an attorney and a
marshal for said Territory, who shall continue in office
four years, anil until their successors shall be ap-
pointed and qua] ified, unless sooner removed by the
President of the Uuitecl States, and who shall receive
the same lees and salary as the attorney ot the
United States for the present Territory of Wash-
ington. There shall also be not, exceeding six inter-
preters for the Territory,appointed by the Governor
from time to tune, as may be neee?sa: y ; and the said
mar-dial shall appoint his own deputies, who i-h.ill
execute all processes issuing lioiu the said court-'.
He shall perform the duties, be subject to the same
regulations and penalties? and shall receive a. salary
of $500 per annum, to be paid by tho United States,
and such fees in addition thereto as shall bo estab-
lished by the Governor, with the approbation of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Sue. 9. And be tt further enacted, That all officers
provided for by this act shall, before thoy act as
such, respectively take the oath of office prescribed
by the Constitution and law* of the United Sfite-5
before tho judge of a district court of the United
Slates, or of said Territory, or before the Chief
Justice, or some associate justice of the Supreme
Court of tho United States, to support the Con-
stitution oi the United States, and faithfully to
disehaige the duties of their iespeoti\ e offices, which
said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified bv the
person by whom the same shall have been taken:
and such certificates shall be received and recorded
by the said secretary oi' the Territory among the
executive proceedings; and afterwards the likeonfh
or affirmation snail be ta.Ken by all civil officers hold-
ing offices in said Teuitory, hereafter created by
law, which shall be eeitified and recorded iu such
manner and form as may be prescribed bylaw. The
chief justice and associate justices shall receive an
annual salary of ^3,500. The secietnry shall receive
au annual salary of 82,000. to be paid by the United
Stales. The said salaries shall be paid quarter-
yearly, hum the dates of the respective appoint-
ment*, at tho Treasury of tho United States : but no
payment shall be made until said officers shall have
entered upon the duties of their respective appoint-
ments, or for any period of tune during which tliey
maybe, respectively, absentfiom<aid Territory. Tho
members of tho Legislative Assembly shall be enti-
tled to receive four dollars each per dav during
their attendance at these<sions thereof, and fonrdol-
lars each for every twenty miles' travel iu going to
and returning from said sessions,estimated accord-
ing to too nearest usually traveled routes; and an
allowance of eight dollars per day shall bo paid to
the presiding officer of each branch of the Legislative
Assembly lor each day he shall so preside. And a
chief clerk, one assistant clerk, ono engrossing and
one enrolling clerk, a sergennt-at-arms and door-
keeper, and all necessary interpreters, may be chosen
for cach bra.nch of said Legislative Assembly; and
the chief clerk shall receive four dollars per day. and
the said other officers three dollars per day, during
the session of the Legislative Assembly ; but no other
officers shall be paid by tho United States: Pro-
vided, That there shall be but one session of the
Legislative Assembly annually, unless, on an ex-
traordinary occasion, the Secietary of the Interior
shall, on the recommendation of thoGovernor. think
proper to call tho Legislative Assembly together.
'There shall be appropriated annually the u<ual
sum, to be expended by the Governor, to defray the
contingent expenses of the Territory, including the
salary of the clerk of the executive departments.
And there shall also be a ppropiiaied annually a suf-
ficient sum, to be expended by the secretary of tho
Territory, and upon an estimate to be made by tho
Secretary of the Treasury ot the United States, ta
defray the expenses of theLegislative Assembly, the
printing of the laws, and other incidental expenses.
And the hovernor and secretary of the Territory
shall, in the disbursement of all moneys intrusted to
them, be governed solely by the instructions of the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, and
shall semi-annually account to tho said Sccretaiv
tor trie manner in which the aforesaid moneys shall
havobeen expended: Provided. That funds in trusted
to sanUxovernor, as superintendent of Indian affairs,
snail bo tusoursed and accounted tor as provided by
law and tho rules and regulations of the Interior
Department. _ And no expenditure shall be made by
j said Legislative Assembly for objects not specially
authorized by the acts of Congress making tho appro-
priations, nor beyond the sums thus appropriated lor
su-h oh}ee'^.
* Sfc. 10. And bo it further eaaded, That tho Indian
agencies fur the Ohcrokoes, the ChoeWws.-t.lio Chick-
