1871.
the congressional globe.
601
naaws, Crocks, ami Seminoles, respectively, be, and
tbf same arc hereby, abolished.
Skc. 11. And be it further enacted, That a Delegate
to the House ot Itepresentativesof the United States,
to (-en e (or the term of two years, arid residing in
said Territory, shall be elected by the qualified voters
ot said Territory, but the Delegate first elected shall
hohl lad seat only during the term of the Congress
to which ho shall be elected. That all laws of the
United States which are not locally inapplicable
shall have the same foree and effect within the said
Indian territory as within the United States.
Sko. 12. A ad be it further enacted. That all lands
in said Territory, not heretofore expressly guaran-
tied to Indian tribes, are hereby declared to belong
absolutely to theUnitedStates, freed from all Indian
titles whatsoever.
Sec. l->. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed
under the direction of theGoverninent of the United
•Stale*, preparatory to allotmentm severalty among
the Indians of said Territory, or other disposition
t hei-eot, sections numbered sixteen and thirty -six in
each township in said Territory shall be, and the
same aie hereby, reserved for the purpose of being
applied to schools in said Territory.
•Sue. H.Aad be it further enacted. That until other-
wise provided bylaw, the Governor of said Teriitory
liuty uss'gn the judges who may be appointed for
said Territory to the several districts, and also ap-
point the tinier and places for holding courts in the
sev eral subdivision'-' in each of said judicial districts
by proclamation to be issued by him; but the Legis-
lative Assembly,_at their lirst or any subscquentses-
sion, may organize, alter, or modify such judicial
di^tiiots, and assign the judges and alter the time*
and places of holding the courts, as to them shall
seem propel* and convenient.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That all officers
to be appointed under this act tor the said Terri-
tory who, by virtue of the provisions of any law
now existing, or which may be enacted by Congress,
are required to give security for moneys that may
be intrusted with them for disbursement, shall give
such security at such time and in such manner as
the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. VAN HORN resumed the floor.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
this bill to be referred to the Committee on the
'Jen itoiies ?
Mr. SHANKS. I desire to offer an ainend-
m e n t.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
•souii [.Mr. Van* Horn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLLOM. At the proper time I desire
to make a statement, to the House.
Mr. VAN HORN. I will state to the House
thai after I have explained the bill I will yield
so as to allow gentlemen of various opinions
on this subject to be heard.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it designed to cut off
all opportunity for amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised.
The gentleman from Missouri has charge of
the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. I am authorized by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. VAN HORN. Let me explain the bill
first.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask whether or not he will permit a
motion to be made by me to refer this bill to
the Committee on the Territories after he shall
have made his speech?
Mr. VAN HORN. I will yield to the gen-
tleman and give him an opportunity to be heard
after I have made my explanation.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire preliminary to that
motion to submit a letter from the Secretary
ot the Interior in reference to this subject.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Speaker, this bill
has been before the Committee on Indian
Affairs nearly tour years. It was authorized
to be reported to the House in the Fortieth
Congress, but the session expired without that
committee being called. It has been author-
ized to be reported in the present Congress
for over a year. The Indian country, or the
territory of the United States, owing to the
construction of our Pacific railroads and the
development of the material resources of the
country, lias become so circumscribed that we
have now no country West to which these In-
dians can be removed. In the opinion of the
committee the time has come for a new policy
in regard to the Indians of this country. By
treaties, and by laws heretofore enacted, this
territory has been set aside as a permanent
home for the Indians residing there up to this
time, and for many other tribes that have been
removed to that country within the last two or
three years, and that are to be removed here-
after. There are but two questions in our In-
dian policy: we must either adopt the policy
©f civilizing and saving the remnants of these
tribes, or we must adopt a policy looking to
their extinction. These are, in my opinion,
the only two courses which this Congress can
pursue in regard to the Indians.
The_ main portion of the population inhabit-
ing this territory, comprising in the aggregate
some forty-five or fifty thousand persons, are
the most highly civilized of any of the Indian
tribes of this continent. Some of them have
lived under written laws since the year 1808.
I have here what might be called the revised
statutes or the statutes-at-large of the Cher-
okee nation. The first written law of that
nation bears date September 11, 1808. They
have progressed up to 1839, at which time
they framed the constitution of the Cherokee
nation, modeled much after our own Constitu-
tion. They have unusual facilities for educa-
tion. TheChickasawsand Choetaws have some
eighty-four public schools ; the Oherokees have
fifty-four schools, and the Creeks and Sejninoles
have schools in like proportion, according to j
their population. They have among their
members men of education, professional men,
lawyers, physicians, and others who would
compare favorably with men in like professions
in any of the States.
Mr. CONNER. I would ask the gentleman
whether these schools of which he speaks are
not supported at the expense of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and whether the
men of whom he speaks were not educated at
the expense of the Government?
Mr. VAN HORN. They are snppoited by
the funds of the Indians, under the control of
the Secretary of the Interior ; money which has
been paid to them for their lands as annuities
by the Government. But the schools are under
their own direction.
We hear a great deal on this floor and else-
where about the necessity of protecting the
Indians from the superior craft of the white
man. Now, in the opinion of the Committee
on Indian Affairs the only effectual means
left, particularly for this portion of the Indians,
is that they shall be allowed to manage their
own affairs; that some policy should be adopted
by which the tribal distinctions among these
people should be obliterated and the Indians
formed into a political society or community.
The Indians themselves, seeing the progress
of settlement and encroachment all around
them and the necessity which the commerce
of the country has brought, about for the con-
struction of railroads through their country,
which roads are now in progress, have them-
selves moved in this matter. As early as 1800
treaties were entered into between the United
States and the Chickasaws, Choetaws, Chero-
kees, Creeks, and Seminoles, looking to the
formation of an Indian government in this
Territory. These treaties will be found in the
volume of laws and treaties for the year 18G0.
This bill has been drawn in strict conformity
"with the provisions of those treaties, even |
down to the name of the Territory, which is j
prescribed in those treaties. ;
Within the last ninety days the convention j
provided for in those treaties has been held j
in the Indian territory. That convention has I
framed a constitution for a State government !
in conformity with the main provisions of those i
treaties, hut going further in some respects than '
the treaties themselves. j
The Committee on Indian Affairs do not j
think that the time has come for a movement |
to this extent. They have therefore confined :
their bill to the organization of a territorial ■
government. And the provisions of the bill, i
so far as they could be under the circumstances, <
are fremed in accordance with the usual laws j
for the organization of Territories. 1
This lull provides for a Governor, a seere- i
tary, a marshal, &e., who are to be appointed
by the President, without any limitation as to
where they shall be selected from. It pro-
vides also for a judiciary like other Territories,
without any limitation as to how they shall be
selected. It provides for a Legislative Assem-
bly, or a territorial Legislature, the members
of which must be citizens of the Territory, or
members of some one of the Indian tribes
embraced within the Territory. The right
of suffrage, the right to vote for members of
the territorial Legislature, is confined to the
members of the various Indian tribes in the
Territory.
There are also provisions in the bill pro-
hibiting the Legislature of the Territory from
alienating or forfeiting the land within the
Territory by territorial enactments, or in con-
sequence of debt, or by any other of this usual
methods by which lands are forfeited. The
land is yet owned in common, and the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have not thought
proper to disturb that condition of affairs, be-
cause the majority of the lands within this Ter-
ritory is not in the condition of ordinary lands.
They are lands that have been ceded by treaty,
conveyed by purchase to these Indians iu per-
petuity ; and whatever may be the difference
of opinion as to the power of the Government
so to dispose of these lands, without raising
that question at all your committee do not
think it good policy, in view of the objects to
be attained, that that question should be raised
in this bill; but it should be left to the Indians
themselves to initiate any policy in future that
they may desire iu regard to these lands.
Another section of the bill provides for the
abolition of Indian agencies in this Territory ;
thereby saving, with respect to the four tribes
lirst named, some §20,000 a year. I have
here a statement from the Indian department
showing that the aggregate expenses of the
Chickasaw, Choctaw, Cherokee, Creek, and
Seminole agencies have amounted during the
last five years to $99,505. I believe there is
no other provision of the bill which requires
specially to be explained, the only deviation
from the ordinary territorial provisions being
the limitation of the right to vote to the mem-
bers of the different tribes, the limitation of
the power with respect to the alienation ut"
lands, and the abolition of Indian agencies.
There is, however, one other provision to
which I have omitted to allude. The bill pro-
poses to allow to this Territory a Delegate in
Congress, who shall be a member of some one
of the tribes, and who is to be elected by the
qualified voters of the Territory. These tribes
will thus have a representative on this floor,
and a voice with respect to legislation which
may affect their interests. This is a privilege
which no Indians have ever had heretofore;
and the absence of such a privilege has, in
the opinion of the committee, been one of the
most fruitful sources of the corruption which is
so generally, and in many instances so justly,
charged upon the administration of ludum
affairs in this country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Vax Horx] a question with ref-
erence to the twelfth section of this bill, which
declares—
That all lands in said Territory not heretofore
expressly gua-rantied to Indian tribe? are hereby
declared to belong absolutely to the Unite! States,
freed from all Indian titles whatsoever.
The question which I desire to propound is
this : suppose this land is surveyed, as it will
be, brought into market, sold, and settled upon
by other parties than the Indians; are they to
be deprived of the right to hold office in that
Territory?
Mr, VAN HORN. I presume, Mr. Speaker,
that when that time arrives Congress, having
full an!liority over the subject, can apply the
remedy. The section which the gentleman has
cited h.ts been designed for a certain specific
purpose. Then- are ia-ids within the bounda
lies of liiu '1 eriitory winch do not belong to the
