1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
not be checked by the participation of the
southern white man in the Federal Union.
And here is still the pinch. These people do
not want a union with the southern white men
as their equals, because their instincts and the
nature of their industries make them the op-
ponents of the gigantic monopolies through
which the mercenary classes of the North seek
to govern and plunder the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the Senate in the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole in regard to
the effect of a pardon in cases in the Court of
Claims, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Carpenter, Casserly,
Davis, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Hill,
Howe, Johnston, McCrcery, McDonald, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Stockton, Thnrman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
Warner, and Willey—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Flanagan,Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin. Howard, Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Revels, Rice, Scott,
Stearns, and Williams—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell,
Fenton, l?erry, Fowler, Kellogg:, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson,
Schurz, Sumner, Thayer, Wilson, and Yates—1U.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
being equally divided, the Chair votes in the
affirmative, and the Senate concurs in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole. The Secretary will now report the
next reserved amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the next reserved
amendment, which was to add as additional
sections to the bill the following :
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
said 1st day of July, 1871, the annual salary of the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States shall be $8,500, and the annual salary of each
of the associate justices of the Supreme Court shall
be $8,000, and of each circuit judge 86,000; and of the
chief justice of the Court of Claims and of the chief
justice of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, $6,000; and of each of the judges of the Couit
of Claims and of each justice of the supreme court
of tbe District of Columbia S5.500; and of cach dis-
trict judge $5,000. And it shall be the duty of the
circuit judge in each judicial circuit, whenever in
his judgment the public interest shall so require, to
designate and appoint, in the manner and with all
the powers provided in an act to provide for hold-
ing the courts of the United States in case of the
sickness or other disability of the judges of the
district courts, approved July 29,1850, the district
judge of any judicial district within his circuit to
hold a district or circuit court in the place or aid
of any other district judge within the same circuit;
and it shall be the duty of such district judge as shall
be for that purpose designated and appointed to
hold the district or circuit court as aforesaid without
any other compensation than his regular salary as
established by law.
And be it further enacted, That the salaries herein
provided shall be payable in quarterly installments
on the firs'tdays of April, July, October, and January
of each year.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on concurring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken,resulted—yeas 32, nays IS; as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Abbott, Ames?, Anthony, Bayard,
Carpenter. Casserly, Corbett, Davis, Harlan, Hill,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye. Osborn,
Revels, Rice, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, S^ott,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Thnrman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Warner, Williams, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cole, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, llamhn. Harris, Johnston,
McCreery, Morrill of Verraont, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Sherman, Vickers, and Willey—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Boreman. Brownlow,
Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry, Fowler, Howell, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Schurz,
Spencer, Stearns, Sumner, and Yates—23.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reserved
amendment will be read.
Mr. SAWYER. There was an amendment
made in Committee of the Whole which was
passed over informally if the order was in-
tended to be observed of beginning ai the
beginning of the bill; that is the amendment
on the second page.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what amend-
ment does the Senator from South Carolina
refer?
Mr. SAWYER. To the amendment of the
committee in regard to the number of clerks,
which the Senate refused to agree to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears from
the Senator's statement that the amendment
was not agreed to in Committee of the Whole,
and therefore it could not be reserved. It is
only amendments agreed to that are reserved.
It can be moved again in the Senate, but was
not reserved. The Secretary will report the
next reserved amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is to insert the following as a new
section:
And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of connecting the grounds already owned and be-
longing to the United States in the city of Washing-
ton for the establishment of a public park, the officer
in charge of public buildings and grounds is hereby
authorized to exercise such control as may be strictly
necessary for this object over the public reserva-
tions herein enumerated, namely: reservation No.
1, south of the President's House; reservation No. 3,
whereon stands the Washington Monument; reser-
vation No. 2, including the grounds occupied by the
Agricultural -Department, and around the Smithso-
nian Institution; Armory Scfuare, upon which is
located the armorv building; the grounds bounded
by Missouri and Maine avenues, between Third and
Sixth streets; and the Botanic Garden and Capitol
Grounds; and ho is hereby authorised to offer pre-
miums, not exceeding in all the sum of $1,000, for
the best plans for laying out and improving said
park, to be submitted to tho decision of a committee
of three suitable persons, to be appointed by the
Vice President of the United States and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives; and the commis-
sioner may adopt, with the approval of the President
of tho United States, any plan or combination of
parts of the plan*, thus submitted, which, at the lea<?t
expense, shall appear to oiler the greatest advan-
tages: Provided, That the pioceeds of the sale of such
lots belonging to the United States as may not be
needed for public purposes, not exceeding ten iu
number, to beselectedwiththoapprovalof theCom-
mittees on Public Buildings and Grounds of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, shall be applied
to the improvement and laying out of said park:
And provided also, That that portion of Judiciary
square lying north of E street, the streets leading
toward it having been first properly extended, shall
be sold by the officer in charge of public buildings
and grounds, in suitable building lots, at public or
private sale, a minimum rate at which such sale
shall be authorized to be previously fixed by the
Secretary of the Interior; and the funds arising
therefrojn shall be paid into the Treasury of the
"United States, as a special fund, to bo set apart for
defraying the cost of opening roadways and walks,
bridging streets, and other work attending the im-
provement of tbe public park; and that the officer
aforesaid i^ hereby authorized to borrow andreceivo
from the Treasury of the United States, to be used
for the purposes herein indicated, and no other, any
sum orsumsnotexceedingSlOO.OOO, outof any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and
which shall be refunded and paid to the Treasury
of the United States out of any funds hereafter
realized from the sale of the lots or squares of land
hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. HARLAN". This amendment I suppose
is open to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hamlin
in the chair.) It is.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out that part which relates to Judiciary
square. I am almost certain that the members
of the Senate, if they had examined the subject
as fully as I did once in another relation, would
agree with me in the opinion that that square
of ground ought not to be sold at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The CniEF Clerk. It is moved to amend
the amendment by striking out the following
words :
And provided also, That that portion of Judiciary
square lying north of E street, the streets leading
toward it having been first properly extended, shall
be sold by the officer in charge of public buildings
and grounds, in suitable building lots, at public or
private sale, a minimum rate at which such sale
shall be authorized to be previously fixed by the
Secretary of the Interior; and the funds arising
therefrom shall bo paid into the Treasury of tho
United States, as a special fund to be set apart 
Mr. HARLAN1. I think that latter part
ought to be retained, for it will be applicable
to the ten or twelve other lots for the sale of
which provision is made.
Mr. POMEROY. Instead of saying "shall
be sold" suppose we say "may at the discre-
tion of the President be" sold/' Let there be
some discretion about it. I am opposed to
selling it at all; and I think the President
would be.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment provides
for the sale of ten or twelve lots; and it also
provides for the sale of this part of Judiciary
square; and provides that the proceeds of the
sale of the whole, as I understand, may be
covered into the Treasury as a special fund
to aid in the improvement of the proposed
park* I do not wish to interfere with that
part of the amendment which provides for the
disposition of the proceeds of the sales of the
other lots referred to; but I desire to have
this square excluded from the sale. It is the
only square on which a building suitable for
public purposes can be erected now owned by
the United States in the city of Washington.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand, it is
only proposed to sell that part of Judiciary
square which lies north of F street. There
would still be a vacant square between F and
E streets.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a private carriage-
way running across the square in the rear of
the City Hall. As I understand, this measure
provides for the sale of all that part of the
square lying north of that carriage-way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood it was to
sell all lying north of F street.
Mr. HOWE. No ; north of E street.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be better
to sell only that part north of F street, and
leave the other square.
Mr. HARLAN. It became my duty, under
an existing law, a few years since to exam-
ine all the lots and scraps of public ground in
the city of Washington, owned by the United
States. In company with the mayor of the
city, I rode all over the city and looked at every
scrap of ground to which the United States
was supposed to have title, with a view to find-
ing a suitable location for a new jail; and we
were unable to find such a square of ground
suitable to such a building as that, at any con-
venient location, provided it should not be on
the place where it now stands. There are little
triangular pieces of ground at the corners of
streets and avenues in various places; but
I never have found a public spiiited citizen
who thought those spaces ought to be occupied
by public buildings. There is some vacant
land near the almshouse on the brow of the
hill, this side of the eastern branch of the
Potomac, large enough for public buildings ;
bat that is in the vicinity of depositories
of powder, large magazines, where the War
Department and the Navy Department have
made deposits of large quantities of powder :
and therefore a very unsuitable place for a
public building.
Engineers think that the possible explosion
of one of those magazines would ruin all the
property in the vicinity. We cannot very well
put a public building there j and that is per-
haps a mile and a half from the building we
are now occupying; so that there is not now
any suitable piece of ground owned by the
United Slates in the city of Washington for
the location of a public building with the
exception of that site, on which, as I under-
stand, it is intended to locate a new State,
War, and Navy Department immediately west
of the President's Mansion.
In this condition of things it seems to me
it would be very foolish to sell this ground.
Every one who has examined the subject
knows that we must, at no very remote period,
pnt up another building for the Interior De-
partment. Its present building is too small to
accommodate the public business. The Sec-
retary is compelled from year to year to rent
outside property for the accommodation of the
cleiks. The business is enlarging in all the
bureaus of that Department, and anotherbuild-
ing will in a very short time be necessary.
There is only one possible view of the subject
which to ray mind would justify the sale, and
that is the conclusion that the capital is to
