1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1420
be removed West soon. If it is the intention
of a mujority of Congress to prepare for the
removal of the capital West, then I am ready
to sell out as rapidly as possible, and to begin
now to sell everything we have while it will
command some money.
Mr. NYB. On what condition?
Mr. HARLAN. On condition that the cap-
ital is to be removed I am prepared to vote
for such a sale. The people of my State are
anxious to have it removed. Many people in
ray portion of the country think it ought to be
removed. I attempted to test the sense of the
Senate last session on that question. I was
somewhat discouraged by that vote, and came
to the conclusion that a majority of the Sen-
ate at that time were not in favor of removal.
Mr. CONKLING. The only trouble was
that we did not know which particular place
*in Iowa the people of that State had agreed
upon. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. There are several very suit-
able places.
Mr. CONKLING. If there had been any
one agreed upon it might have been different.
Mr. COLE. I really hope the question of
the removal of the capital may not be debated
on this bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that unreason-
able; we have debated every other question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. I know it; every other one.
M r. HARLAN. I conceive that the discus-
sion of that question is strictly in order on the
amendment now pending.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may get a vote.
Mr. HARLAN. It is probable the com-
mittee that offered this amendment will accept
my amendment as a modification, and, if so, I
shall be very happy to take my seat. It is to
strike out that part of their amendment which
provides for the sale of Judiciary square, the
only remaining scrap of ground in Washington
city, lor the erection of anew Interior Depart-
ment or any other public building, which is
owned by the United States. Perhaps I have
said enough to call the attention of Senators
to the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Iowa is not only an able but he is a skilled
legislator. He knows how to make his attack.
I had really hoped that this proposition would
go through without any side-blow; but the
Senator from Iowa was instructed at the last
session by his Legislature to vote for the re-
moval of the capital, and therefore he would
bo in the strict line of his instructions if he
would vote to do all that he possibly could
to prevent the improvement of the present
capital.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to the public
lots here that are essential for public buildings,
it is already determined that we shall place
(he State, War, and Navy Departments upon
the large lot west of the President's House.
There will therefore be no need of this ground
for either of these Departments; and if a
building shall be constructed there of equal
size with the Treasury Department building
if, will afford ample accommodations for the
Attorney General.
In relation to the Interior Department, all
that will be necessary for years and years to
come will be merely to provide some room to
take care of the models of the Patent Office;
and surely there are plenty of lots of ground
that are good enough and sufficiently appro-
priate for such an object as that. Whenever
the museum of the Patent Office (the mod-
els) is removed from that building it will give
ample space for all the accommodations that
will be required for the Interior Department
for some years.
Now, sir, all that it is proposed to take of
.1 udiciary square is the two squares that will
lie made' when you extend F street through to
Fuurth street; which will leave a large square
in Iln> i-our of the present City Hall, to be
either by the city or the General
i Government. That building, as I understand
it. in large proportion belongs to the United
States; and if we should ever require it, we
could occupy the space that will still be left
vacant, provided we dispose of about two
thirds of Judiciary square, so called, for the
purpose named.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Vermont whether he would not be willing, in
order to satisfy all parties, to confine this sale
to so much of Judiciary square a3 lies north
of the extension of P street? That would still
leave one very large vacant square between B
and F streets, large enough for two Interior
Departments—I think seven or eight hundred
feet loDg and three hundred feet wide. That
would probably be enough at present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am willing
to conform to the wishes of the Senate; but I
do not think we shall ever want the other
square.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr. Sheumax.) What
do we want with that square ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We shall need it prob-
ably for public buildings.
Mr. HOWE. What kind of public build-
ings?
Mr. SHERMAN. V, e may want it for an
Interior Department and other public build-
ings. I think it is well enough to keep one
piece of ground that belongs to the Govern-
ment available for public buildings. I merely
make this suggestion in order to settle the con-
troversy that I see springing up here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My impres-
sion is that we do not need the land that is
proposed to be sold. A year or two ago the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
took the pains to go over every lot, I believe,
in the city owned by the Government, among
others Scott square, and various other locali-
ties. There are certainly plenty of other
places that can be used if the public interest
shall ever require it. I should hardly feel at
liberty to accept the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio, because I believe we may as well
dispose of this land. It would be better for
the city. They are valuable lots that are
really required for building purposes in that
quarter of the city. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa will
not be agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I concur somewhat in the
views of the Seuatorfrom Iowa, as I had occa-
sion to examine these squares at one time as
a member of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. It seems to me we shall need
another piece of ground for a public building at
some day not very far distant. We attempted
some time ago to locate a jail on a low, damp
piece of ground to the sooth of the Capitol;
but when we commenced the building of that
jail we found that the land was not suitable,
and one reason why Congress put a stop to the
building of the jail in that locality. I think,
was because the ground was very damp, un-
wholesome, and unsuitable. If these lots are
sold, where shall we remove the present jail
which is now located upon Judiciary square?
The probability is that whenever we do build
a jail it will be a more sightly and suitable
and less objectionable building than the pres-
ent. It is necessary, in providing a location
for a jail, to have a high, dry, suitable piece
of ground where the health of the prisoners
can be maintained, and upon which a suita-
ble structure can be erected in a substantial
manner, and in such a way as to make it as
little objectionable as possible.
Mr, CONKLING. What is the trouble
with the present jail? I have never been in
it myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know that there
is any particular objection, except that it was
urged at one time that it was not sufficiently
large, that it was unsightly. &c. Rut if this
sale takes place the jail will have to be re-
moved. of course, and if this property is sold,
as 1 understand, the jail is to be removed.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator will
allow me, I wish to suggest that the judges of
the city are in favor of putting the jail imme-
diately back of the present building in which
the courts are held, so as to bring the crim-
inals and lawyers into immediate juxtapo-
sition. [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. I presume that would be
a very good idea. [Laughter.] ■
Mr. SHERMAN. Would it not be better to
have the judges and prisoners change places?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know ; I leave
the Senator from Ohio to decide that question.
But I agree with the Senator from Iowa that
the building no# occupied by the Interior
Department, and which was built, as I under-
stand, for the Patent Office, and to a consider-
able extent from the Patent Office fund, will
be required for the Patent Office alone, if the
country continues to grow as it has grown
during the past twenty or thirty years, and it
will be necessary to have another building as
large as the present Interior building for the
Land Office and many other offices connected
with that Department. I think the Senator
from Vermont at least had better confine the
amendment to that portion of the land north
of the line of F street. I myself shoald prefer
to see that portion of his amendment stricken
out, as suggested by the Senator from Iowa. I
think it is best to keep that piece of land. It
is high ground and healthy, and will be more
suitable than any other piece of ground that
could be selected in the city for a public build-
ing. It would bring the buildings nearer to-
gether. The trouble with our public buildings
now is that they are too far froip each other.
If we sell this piece of ground, the next pub-
lic building that we build will have to be in
some distant portion of the city, and it will
make it much more difficult for us to have easy
access to the Departments and to transact our
business with them. I shall vote for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Iowa to strike out
that portion of the amendment suggested by
him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for a division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me say one word.
I do not think this proposition is understood.
This is a proposition to sell a part of the res-
ervations in this eity. We shall get very little
for them, and it seems to me very poor policy
to sell them. I am in favor of improving the
park. If the Senate is in favor of selling a
part of Judiciary square and a part of these
improvements, then they will vote against this
amendment, which is to strike out that part of
the pending amendmentwhieh proposes to sell
part of Judiciary and other squares. I hope
the Senate will not authorize that sale.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that
my friend from Illinois will not undertake to
nip this whole thing in the bud. If it is the
sentiment of the Senate that the suggestion of
the Senator from Ohio should be accepted,
aud it is offered by any Senator to confine this
sale to that portion of Judiciary square north
of F street, I shall not oppose it, That will
leave one whole square, and all that belongs to
the City Hall square in addition.
Mr. COllBETT. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if the jail is not situated ou that
portion of the square now?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is.
Mr. CORBETT. What provision would be
made for the jail then ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ Of course
there will be provision for a new jail, and there
has been heretofore by law. A contract was
made for building a jail.
Mr. CORBETT. That was to build it away
down in the lower portion of the city.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Unquestion-
ably the jail will be removed ere long ; I do
not know how soon.
