604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
contained in the agricultural report, as well as tho
statement of the Commissioner in his report in regard
to proceedings of the council and inrelerence to the
subject of education. My conviction is, that as this
council has been held under authoiity of law, and as
It has resulted in a form of government adopted by
the Indians themselves, it is best to try the experi-
ment of this government. Congress reserving full
power to approve or disapprove of all legislation
that may occur under it. Congress may also desire
to alter and modify the constitution which has been
adopted, after receiving an official copy.
Tt. is my opinion that the Indian tribes not now
represented in this confederate government will
gradually come into the Indian country, taking
reservations and becoming part and parcel of this
confederation: that they will more readily receive a
government of which they feel themselves to be the
authors than one which they may regard as forced
upon them, and which will be controlled by officers
not designated by themselves and not of their own
nationality. I believe it is the opinion of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and also of the most intel-
ligent and reliable Indian agents and superintend-
ents, thatwehad better adopt this course rather than
to attempt at present to I'oi ce upon the India us what
is termed a territorial government. These opinions
are respectfully submitted as thercsult ofmy present
knowledge and experience, and are given here m
this form at your suggestion and request, to bo used
in such manner as your owu judgment may doeui
advisable.
I also inclose a copy of a resolution passed by the
board of Indinn commissioners at their late session,
with their official report, derived from personal ob-
servation in their late visit attending tho council,
concurring in these views; and to this resolution and
report I invite especial attention, as I deem them
worthy of great consideration, and of more weight
than any opinion I self might have on this subject.
i havo the honor to bo, your obedient servant,
0. DELANO, Secretary.
lion. J. P. 0. tSriAXlCS, House of Representative*..
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I will say to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Saiioext] that
the document I have referred to only reached
me this morning. I have not had time to coin-
pare it section by section with the bill, and I
will not undertake to say wherein it conforms
with it and wherein it does not. But I under-
stand the provisions of this constitution and
tho main and essential provisions of this bill
to be in virtual and practical accord.
But there are reasons why this territorial
government should not be permitted to stand
exclusively in the control of the Indians. If
it be a government organized by the Indians
without any organic connection as a territory
of the Government of the United States, then
they stand as a mere confederacy of tribes,
without power to enforce their laws. If they
are placed under a territorial government,
with a Governor appointed by the President,
then they will come in direct governmental
relations with the Government of the United
States, and the Governor can enforce the laws
which are made within the territories. But as
a mere confederacy, a mere empire within an
empire, it is contrary to the policy ol'the U pi ted
Slates, and there is no sufficient sanction which
can l)e given to their laws.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt bun a^ain to ask a question?
Mr. ARMSTRONG! Ves, sir,
Mr, SARGENT. 1 wish to inquire of the
gentleman how lie holds that it can be con-
trary to the policy of the Government that
there shall be an Indian confederacy or nation
within the boundary of the United States,
when but yesterday he himself defended the
policy which has been followed by the Govern-
ment, and which 1 believe in its inception and
carrying out has been all wrong, that treaties
can be made with roving bands of Indians and
that, bonds of the United States can be issued
without the authority of Congress. That is
the position the gentleman took yesterday, and
is tho same as the Attorney General himself
took the other day. Therefore the gentleman
is in error in saying that it is contrary to the
policy of our Government that an Indian
confederacy should be recognized within our
borders.
Mr. ARMSl'RONG. 1 have not denied the
power of Congress to recognize such a confed-
eracy. But 1 deny that it is the policy of the
Government, and I assert, that it is not a policy
iu analogy with the past history of the Govern-
ment, to allow any Government to be estab-
lished within the bounds of the United States
anywhere which is not in some governmental
relation to the General Government.
Mr. SARGENT. How is it with reference
to these very tribes and the treaties you have
made with them?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. We make treaties with
them under the treaty-making power ; and so
long as the Government of the United States
recognizes these roving bands and tribes as
competent to make treaties, and enters into
relations with them under that power, we are
bound by the contract. The question has arisen
in relation to the Cherokee neutral lands and
other lands in Kansas. These were exchanged
by the United States with the Cherokees for
their possessions in Georgia and $4,500,000
money consideration. When we have had the
benefit of the treaty we should not deny the
obligation.
Mr. SARGENT. I am not objecting to
carrying out the Indian treaties. But the gen-
tleman said that it was contrary to the policy
of the Government to recognize Indian nations
within our owu limits; and I remarked to him
that it was in strict accordance with the policy
of the Government, from 1789 to the present
lime, to do so. And in the last session of this
Congress, and in the last hour of the session,
we rebaptized treaties involving millions of
dollars made in accordance with that policy.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. 1 entirely agree with
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sakgent]
that the time has come when this treaty-mak-
ing power should he struck down. Its work
is passed and it has ceased to be beneficial to
the nation. I will go with him most cordially
in abrogating that power, if it can be done.
But 1 stand by the treaties which have been
made, and good faith requires that they shall
be fulfilled; I did not say thatthe Government
of the United States cannot enter into treaty
obligations. I said that it was contrary to the
established policy of this Government to rec-
ognize an Indian territory that had no organic
connection with the Government of the United
States.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I will hear it.
Mr. BECK. I understand the gentleman to
say that he has not yet read these documents
that have been sent here showing the action
of the Indian convention; and if he has not
read them no other member of the House has
read them. Are we, then, quite prepared to
vote upon this bill ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I propose that'this
constitution shall be published. It will appear
iu to-morrow morning's Globe and will be
accessible to every member, and gentlemen
can see it before this question is determined.
Mr. BECK. Then the gentleman does not
propose to ask for a vote on the bill to-day'!
Mr. ARMSTRONG. 1 suppose not; I do
not expect a vote to-day. This document
came into my possession only within a few
hours, and I have hastily examined it. So far
as I have examined it, 1 believe that the spirit
of the constitution adopted by the Indians
themselves and the spirit of this bill accord.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, in the first
place it seems to me that there is no question
whatever but that this bill ought to be referred
to the Committee on the Territories, which
committee was formed for the purpose of
taking jurisdiction of just such cases. In the
second place, it seems to me that there is no
question but that it is the duty of the House
to defer action upon this bill until we get a
report from the executive department upon the
action of the Indians in that Territory; and if
the gentleman will allow me to do so, I will
send to the Clerk's desk a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior upon this question. Will
the gentleman allow it?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Not at the present
time. I wish to finish my remarks.
Mr. CULLOM. Then I desire to give
notice to the House that when I can get the
floor I shall make a motion to refer the bill
to the Committee on the Territories, with
leave to report it at some future time.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
who hag charge of this bill if there is any objec-
tion to letting us take the vote upon this bill
to-morrow, or at some future time when all the
information on the subject will be before us?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. If the House will
make the bill a special order for some future
time, so as to insure its consideration, I can-
not speak for the committee, but certainly I
shall have no objection myself.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to make a motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I will not yield for
that purpose now. There is no reason why
this bill should be taken out of the hands of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CULLOM. I shall insist on the Com-
mittee on the Territories taking charge of this
measure.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I do not yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. CULLOM. Tt is a bill organizing a
territorial government.
Mr. SIIANKS. I hope the time for action
on this bill will be fixed far enough in advance
to allow the report of the council, recently
held in the Indian country in accordance with
law, to be before the House.
Mr. ROOTS. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. There seems to be a general desire
for time to consider this subject. If the bill
is not disposed of during the morning hour
to-day, will it not of necesity go over until the
morning hour of Tuesday next? .
The SPEAKER. It will; and will hold the
morning hour until the end of the session,
unless disposed of by the House.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. All I desire is that
the bill shall receive a proper and fair consid-
eration. The Committee on Indian Affairs
have no desire to press it unduly, or with ex-
cessive haste, upon the House; but the com-
mittee is called for reports, and if the bill is
not now considered there is no probability of
its being reached at all. We regard it as a
measure of great importance, and one which,
if it is now postponed for any reason, ought
to be made a special order, to be in order
until it shall be finally disposed of. But I
would make just this remark to gentlemen:
under the rules, if I understand them—and if
I am mistaken the Chair will correct mc—at
the expiration of this morning hour this bill
will go over to Tuesday next. I would inquire
of the Chair if I am correct.
The SPEAKER. At the expiration of this
morning hour the bill will go over to the morn-
ing hour of Tuesday next.
Mr. RANDALL. That is, if the previous
question is not called upon it.
The SPEAKER. Of course ; if the pre-
vious question is not called this bill will hold
the morning hour until disposed of. if the
previous question should be moved and sus-
tained this morning, of course the House must
proceed with the consideration of the bill until
it is disposed of.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentle man iVom
Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong] permit me
now to make the motion to refer this bill to the
Committee on the Territoiies.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. No; I can think of
no sufficient reason why this bill, which tins
already received the careful consideration of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, should now
be turned over to the consideration ©f another
committee, and especially a committee which
will not be called for reports this session. The
proposition, 1 would respectfully suggest, can
only be a covert method of billing the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 have no such design at
