606-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 91, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Barry, Beatfcy, Benjamin, Bethune, Bird, Burchard,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cleveland, Coburn, Con-
ner, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Donley, Duval, Ela,
Farnsworth, Finkclnburg, Fox, Garfield, Gets, Gris-
woid, IXaldeman, Hay, ilolmun, Hooper, Julian,
Kellogg. ICelscy, Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Manning, McG-rew.McNeely, Mercur,Milnes,
Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Pholps, Porter, Potter, Randall, Keeves, Rice,
Rogers, Sargent, Schumaker, Shanks, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stiles, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner,
Taylor, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Welter, Wells. Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, Witcher, Wood, and Young—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Aspcr, At-
wood, Axtoll, Banks, Beaman, Bennett, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks. Buck, Buckley,
Buttinton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill,
Amasa Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Darrall, Dawes, Deg-
cner, Doekery,Dox, Eldrid&o, i'erriss, Fisher, Fitch,
Gibson, Gillillan, Hale, Harris, Hays, Hoar, lloge,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Ivoiloy, Lafiin, Long, Lynch, Mavnard, McCarthy,
McCormick, McCrary, McKee, McKcnzio, Morey,
Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill,Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Poland, Pom-
eroy. Price, Rainey, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Scoli eld,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, John
A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Syphcr, Tillman,
Twichell, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalador,
C. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, and Eugene M.
Wilson—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ayer, Bailey, Bar-
num, Bcck, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, B#wen, James
Brooks, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Dickey, Dickinson,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon. Duke. Dyer, Ferry,
ilaight, ilamblcton, ^lamill, Hamilton, Hawkins,
llawley, llellin, Hill, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd. Ivetcham, Lash, Logan, Loujrhriderc,
Marshall, Mayham, J esse H. Moore, Daniel J. Mor-
rell. Newsham, Piatt, Prosser, Shober, Slocum,
William J. Smith, Stevenson, Stone, Strador, Tnffe,
Townsend, Trimble, Van Wyck. Voorhees, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Winans, Wolf, and
Woodward—Gl.
So the House refused, on reconsideration,
to lay the joint resolution on the table.
MESSAOK FROM THE SKNATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symi'-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House; that
the Senate had passed, without amendment,
bills and a joint resolution of the House of the
following titles:
A bill (II. It. No, 2305) for the relief of
Pierpont Seymour, of Kast Bioornlield, New
York;
A bill (II. It. No. 2252) for the relief of
Malinda llarmon, widow of Jacob Ilarmon,
deceased, of Greene county, Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (EI. K. No. 308) for the
relief of Charles P. Kigin.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the House of the
following title, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested ;
A bill (II. II. No. 2<309) to abolish the offices
of Admiral and Vice Admiral of the Navy.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A. joint resolution (S. R. No. 20U) author-
izing the President to nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate to
appoint, Lyman G. Spaulding a master in the
Navy of the United States; and
A joint resolution (S. U. No. 190) author-
izing the President to withdraw his acceptance
of the resignation of R. II. Lamson, late lieu-
tenant United States Navy.
st. cuoex and bayfield kailuoad.
The House resumed the consideration of
the Senate joint resolution in relation to the
St. Croix and Bayfield railroad.
.Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask a. parlia-
mentary question : whether this bill is under
the operation of the previous question, and
whether the opportunity will be afforded to the
opponents of this scheme to be heard?
The SPEAKER. That is not a pailiament-
ary question,
Mr. RANDALL. I knew it was not; but I
wanted the House to understand what it was
abput.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is the previous question
operating on tkis bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Journal Clerk, having
examined the record, states that the previous
question is not operating. The Chair will state
the position of the question. The original bill
is a Senate joint resolution, and the Committee
on the Public Lands, through the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilson,] have offered
a substitute. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] has offered an amendment, as
the Chair understands, to the original bill;
and if so it will take precedence.
Mr. JULIAN. My motion was intended as
an amendment to the substitute reported by
the committee. It was to strike the word
"timber" from the bill.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] applies
to the substitute. The Clerk will report it.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line five, page 1, seotion two, of the bill, strike
out the words "timber and" before the words " min-
eral land so that the section will read:
That the lands giauted by this act, excepting only
such as are necessary for the company to reserve for
depots, stations, side-tracks, wood-yards, standing-
grounds, and other needful uses in operating the
load and mineral land shall bo sold to actual set-
tlers only, and in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres to any one person, &e.
The Clerk also read the amendment proposed
by Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota, as follows:
Amend the portion proposed to bo striken out by
inserting the word "pine" before the word " tim-
ber;" -so that the section will read : " and pine tim-
ber and mineral land shall be sold," &c.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota, it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Julias's
amendment, to strike out the words " pine tim-
ber and.''
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
that will be voted down.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to hear the
section as it will read if amended.
The Clerk read as follows :
Srcc. 11. lie It rcnolocd, d''r., Xhat the lands granted
by this slot, excepting only Mich as are necessary for
; the company to reserve iqr depots, stations, side-
tracks, wood-yards, standing-grounds, and other
needful uses in operating the road and mineral land,
shall bo sold to actual settlers only, and m quanti-
ties not exceeding 0110 hundred and sixty acres to
any one person, under such rules and restrictions as
i may lie prescribed by the Secretary of thclnteiior,
' at such prices as will secure to said companies, their
I successors or assigns, an averago price of not more
thail $2 50 per acre for such land actually certified
for each completed section of twenty miles of said
railroads; anil to insure an enforcement of this sec-
tion it shall,bc the duty of the compa.iiv receiving
the certificates from the ,Seerctaiy of the Interior as
I aforesaid, lor the lands grafted m aid of the con-
| struction of the first scetion ol twenty miles of cither
, of said railroads, and within one year thereafter, to
| fix n price oil each one hundred and sixty acre tract
I described in said certificate, excepting, as therein
| belore stated,m such manner and at such rates that
the .tverage price of the whole amount certified shall
not exceed .42 o'Jpcr acre, and report the same to the
Secretary of the Interior, exposing a copy of such
report to the public in the ollice of the secretary of
such company and in the district land office; and
any person actually settling upon said land, or any
Govern mentsubdivision thereof.shall have the right
to purchase, at the price so fixed, any unsold paicel
of said land, upon payment of said price within six
months from date of settlement; and on payment
therefor it shall be the duty ol the secretary of such
company to make out duplicate certificates of the
sale under the seal of the company, send one to the
Secretary of the Interior, and deliver the other to
I the purchaser; and it shall bo the duty ol the Secre-
j tary of the Interior to issue tosuch purchaser a pat-
I ont for the land described in his certificate, as in
: cases of land sold by the United States. And the
i same form of proceeding shall bo observed with
; respect to the lands certified by the Secretary of the
' Interior on each succeeding completed section of
. twenty miles of either line of said railroads; Pro-
' vuled, That no certificate of lands to such company
or companies on any completed section after the first
I shall be made by the Secretary of the Interior until
i he shall have received a report, as aforesaid, of the
price fixed on tile land certified for the nexr preced-
ing completed section of either of said railroads.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to make a state-
ment. My motion was to strike out the word
"timber" from the bill, and an amendment
was offered by the gentleman from Minnesota
to except pine timber. I do not think the
House understood the position of the question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson-]
would so amend the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr, Julian] that the
word "timber" should not be struck out, but
should have th« qualification of "pine" put
before it.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to-reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to say to the House that they might just as
well kill the bill as pass it with the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Julias.]
Mr. ELA. That is just what we want to do.
Mr. JULIAN. The whole of this land
nearly is pine-timber land, and to insert the
word "pine" would totally defeat the restric-
tion which requires that the lands shall be
sold to settlers only, in limited quantities, and
not to exceed a fixed maximum price. I hope
the word "pine" will not be inserted, as it
will defeat the whole object of that restric-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I hope, as
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian'] has
made a statement, that I shall be allowed to
say a few words of explanation. The reason
why L offered my amendment to the gentle-
man's amendment was this; we have put upon
this bill the settlers' two dollars and a half
clause, so that all the lands shall be sold to
settlers at $2 50 per acre; but there were left
out of that, as an exception to that limitation,
timber lands. The proposition of the chair-
man of our committee is that you shall strike
out that timber land from the exception. My
proposition is that you shall n®t except from
tJiis condition the pine lands. Why do I make
that exception? Our committee adopted the
two dollars and a half clause, and have reported
it to the House in order that the lands might
not be held as a monopoly and taken away
from settlers; but where the reason ceases the
law should cease. When you attach this con-
dition to the pine lands you entirely nullify
the grant, so far as the pine lands are con-
cerned; because those lands are entirely unfit
for settlement. Now, if you attach to them
the condition that they shall be disposed of in
no way except to settlers at $2 50 per acre
you take away every possible mode of dispos-
j ing of them, and they must remain undis-
posed of.
message fr03i tlie president.
A message from the President, by Mr.
Horace PoiiTEit, his Private Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed the bill (H. It. No. 2G1G) making addi-
tional appropriation for the improvement of
the Louisville and Portland canal for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses ; and joint resolution (H. It. No. y77)
granting condemned cannon to the Seventh
Regiment Monument Association of Ohio.
st. croix and bayfield kailuoad.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I sav that
the condition proposed by the gentleman from
Indiana is against the interests of those of us
who live out upon the prairies west of these pine
lands. We want to have the timber brought
to us as cheaply as possible. Now, if you tie
up the lands in this way, so that no title can be
obtained to them—for no settler will go on
, these lands, for he cannot make a living-—-vou
| deprive us of the benefit of that timber. For
| that reason I want pine lauds to be made an
exception.
j Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to say one word in answer to a suggestion made
i by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
