1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
I am much better informed on this question
than the gentleman from Indiana is. I am
fatnilia'' wiih this country; and when he states
that most of these lands are pine-timbered lands
he falls into the greatesterror he ever fell into
in his life. I slate here that of the lands
within the limits of this grant there is not, on
an average, one acre in ten that is pine-timber
lands. The balance of it is either prairie or
hard-woodland. Under the bill, as amended
by my friend from Minnesota, nine tenths of
the land is open to actual settlers at $2 50 per
acre; the remaining one tenth is pine-timbered
land, that is not lit for settlement, and never
will be settled upon ; but the timber will be cut
off. I admit that it is the most valuable por-
tion of the grant, for most of the grant is not
valuable. It is quite valueless: and if you put
in this amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana you may just as well kill the bill, for no
man and no company will take the grant and
build the road. 1 hope the amendment will
not, prevail. We have not resisted the propo-
sition made by the cominiiteealiowingthe hard-
wood timber lands and tiie prairie lands to be
opened to settlement. We want them to be
opened to settlement; but 1 insist that it will
not be dealing fairly by us in the renewing of
this land grant to put in such a restriction as
that.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
Mr. ROGERS. Are these 'pine lands en-
tirely worthless except for timber"?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They are
generally worthless for any other purpose. I
am perfectly familiar with that subject. These
lands are not valuable for purposes of settle-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They will be after
the timber is taken off.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. I want to know the char-
acter of these pine lands.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They are
generally sandy, barren lands. My friend from
the Green Bay district [Mr. Sawyer] is him-
self perfectly familiar with this question, and
he will bear me out in what I say, that these
pine timber lands are not adapted to settle-
ment.
Mr. ROGERS. The pine lands to which I
am accustomed are generally very good. What
I want to know is what is 'the difference be-
tween our pine lands and your pine lands?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The pine
timber of Wisconsin generally grows upon bar-
ren, sandy land. The gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters,] who is familiar with pine lands,
will I have no doubt say thatpine timber grows
generally upon the most barren lands.
Mr. PETERS. As a general thing pine
lands are not worth much for cultivation.
Mr. EL A. If you except these pine lands
that are so worthless, bow does it render this
bill so worthless?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
the principal value of the grant; and if you
destroy the value of the grant you might as
well kill the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. None of the lands along the
line of this road are of much value except the
very lands now in controversy. This House
for years has asserted and reasserted the prin-
ciple of subjecting these alternate sections of
land to sale in restricted lots, to actual settlers
only, at a price not exceeding $2 50 an acre.
In almost every case coming before the Com-
mittee on the Public! Lands there is some claim
set up, similar to that now made here, to make
that, particular case an exception to the rule.
In respect to this question of pine lands and
their fitness for agriculture I find a difference
of opinion. The gentlemen from Minnesota
and lrom Wisconsin are very positive that
pine hinds are worthless except for the timber
upon them. Other gentlemen, coming from
dtsukts in the very latitude of this grant, dis-
pute that. fact. I know that upon the Pacific
coast and elsewhere the opinions of men do
differ as to the fitness of pine land for settle-
ment and cultivation. And I know another
thing: that every year we are finding out that
land which in the first instance was regarded
as wholly unfit for settlement and cultivation
is really adapted to agricultural purposes. I
believe these lands will in time all be settled.
I ask the House not to depart from the policy
which it has deliberately asserted and reas-
serted, but to insist upon its application to this
as well as to other cases. I shall at least ask
the yeas and nays upon that question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. Julias] says that the prin-
ciple has been adopted by the House of putting
on this restriction of $2 50 per acre. Sir, is
not this the fact? Have we not renewed one,
two, perhaps three, grants, one in particular I
remember, in Arkansas, extending the time
for constructing the road from Little Rock to
Fort Smith? And in that case, after having
put on this restriction of $2 50 per acre, did we
not at the next session take it off absolutely ?
Mr. JULIAN. Wre did put on that restric-
tion, and we took it off again, because we had
improperly put it on after a vested right had
accrued, and we had no power to place any
such restriction upon it. That is a different
case from this, and was supported by a report
from the Committee on the Public Lands ex-
plaining how it was that this restriction had
been placed upon the renewal of that grant,
declaring that it had been improperly done.
It was therefore removed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
the gentleman is mistaken in saying that the
State of Arkansas had any greater vested right
than the State of Wisconsin. The grant in
that case had absolutely lapsed, precisely as
in this case. We renewed the grant, with the
restriction I have indicated, and then we after-
ward took off the restriction.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, on the con-
trary, the very ground on which Congress
removed the restriction was that it had been
put on in haste, when the grant itself had not
lapsed. That was the position which we took,
and which justified the House in removing the
restriction.
Now, I want this House to decide whether
it will stand by its own record, whether these
timber lands—the only lands lying on the line
of the road that are worth anything, being
worth, as I am told, twenty, thirty, and forty
dollars an acre—shall go into the hands of
a corporation, to the exclusion ®f actual set-
tlers, or whether we shall maintain the rights
of these settlers while giving aid to this cor-
poration.
Mr. PAINE. Does my friend from Indiana
suppose that in any event settlers will occupy
and cultivate these pine lands?
Jli% WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Particu-
larly without a railroad?
Mr. JULIAN. I suppose they will; and I
suppose that at any rate they ought to have the
opportunity to do so under our laws, and I am
unwilling to vote to exclude them.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I would like
to put to the gentleman from Indiana another
question. He states that some of these lands
are, according to his understanding, worth
twenty or thirty dollars an acre. Does not the
gentleman know that hundreds of thousands
of acres of this kind of land—the alternate
even-numbered sections—land pqually good
with that embraced in this grant, can now be
taken by settlers at $2 50 per acre? If the
land is worth twenty or thirty dollars an acre
why does not somebody enter it, as it is now
open to settlement ?
Mr. JULIAN. I do not know the facts
stated by the gentleman, but I think the pine i
lands along the line of this road are valuable,
and so does the gentleman.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. What I state
is a fact.
Mr. JULIAN. I concede that this road is
demanded by the public interest. I think it
ought to be built; and I do not rise here to
show any hostility to the enterprise. I am
simply insisting upon the restrictions which we
have usually applied in such eases.
Mr. PAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] I wish
to say a few words. I would agree with him
in his proposition to restrict the sale of these
lands to actual settlers, fixing the price at
$2 50 per acre, if I could see any prospect
that-tbe lands, under such a restriction, would
be sold within a reasonable time to actual set-
tlers. But, in my judgment, these pine lands
will not be settled and cultivated at all at pres-
ent, and the imposition of a restriction of this
kind will virtually prevent any sale of the lands
by the company. Actual settlers cannot be
found who will buy the lands at S2 50 per acre,
or at any other price, because these pine lands
cannot be used for farming purposes.
It may be true, it doubtless is true, that in
some parts of the United States and of the
Canadas there can be found pine timber grow-
ing in the midst of hard-wood forests where
the soil is good; but this is not true of lands
along the line of this proposed railway. These
pine lands are pine barrens; and when the
timber, which is joist timber and is valuable,
shall have been stripped from them, these
lauds will be abandoned, as lands are now
habitually abandoned in the State of Wiscon-
sin by those who buy them for the purpose of
taking off the timber and converting it into
lumber.
These lands will be abandoned for the pres-
ent. It may be that at some remote period
there will spring up in that region a new kind
of agriculture which will cause a demand for
these particular lands; and they may then
come into use and be valuable for agricultural
purposes. But I know, and I cannot help
thinking that my friend from Indiana under-
stands, that for the present, and for many years
to come, these pine lands can have no possible
value other than that arising from the pine
timber which stands upon them.
This road will be built, if the advantage of
these pine lands can be enjoyed by the men
who have the enterprise in charge; but if they
cannot enjoy the advantage of these pine lands,
they will be unable to build the road; there
will not be enough inducement in the grant to
authorize them to build it. The result will be
that the people along the proposed route of
this road, who for years have been waiting and
watching and praying for .its completion, will
be still longer subjected to disappointment.
But there is another branch of this case
which ought not to be overlooked by those
who oppose the project of extending the time
for the completion of this road. Already the
Government has received into its Treasury
$600,700 more of money for lands sold along
the line of this road in consequence of this
projected railway. Alrea,dy lands enough along
the line of this road have been sold to put into
the Treasury, in money, $1,201,500. They
have been sold at double the minimum price;
not an acre of which would have been sold at
double the minimum price but for this pro-
jected enterprise, but it would have been sold
tor $1 25. Now, the difference between the
price the Government has received at $2 50
an acre and SI 25 an acre is exactly $G00,750.
I stated it would have been sold only for
$1 25 per acre. Why, Mr. Speaker, it would
not have been sold for one red cent. Itwould
still be the property of the Government; but
it has been sold, and the Government has in its
Treasury to-day the money of our citizens. It
has iu its Treasury over half a million dollars
of the money of citizens of Wisconsin, which
tliey have paid to the Government, because
they expected that these lands would have
been opened up by this road and they might
have established farms there. These pur-
chasers have been impoverished by the failure
