1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
sion of the Senate aclerk shall be allowed only to
the committees named, as follows: the Committee
on Foreign Relations, Committee on Finance, Com-
mittee on Appropriations, Committee on Commerce,
Committee on Military Affairs, Committee on the
J urttciary, Committee on PostOffiees and Post Roads,
Committee on Public Lands, Committee on Indian
Affairs, Committee on Claims, Committee on Patents,
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
the Committee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to ths Senator from Kentucky that this
would come in better at the end of the para-
graph, if it were agreed to after the appropria-
tion is made, beginning with the words "pro-
vided, however." It would be a very long
parenthesis in the part of the bill where he
has proposed to insert it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a substitute to offer
for an amendment that was adopted by the
Committee of the Whole. It is on page 4, to
strike out the eighly-second, eighty-third, and
eighty-fourth lines and to insert what I send
to the Chair. There was an amendment made
to that clause in Committee of the Whole, and I
move this as a substitute for that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
referred to, proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike outthe eighty-second,
eighty-third, and eighty-fourth lines, namely,
"said pages to be appointed and removed by
the Sergeant-at-Arms, with the approval of the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate," was rejected in
Committee of the Whole; and therefore that
clause remains in the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives. It is subject
to amendment, however. The Senator now
moves to strike out. Does he desire action
on this amendment before the amendment in
regard*to clerks of committees is acted on?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to strike out lines eighty-
two, eighty-three, and eighty-four and insert
what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted in lieu of lines eighty-two, eighty-
three, and eighty-four, as follows :
Provided, That the pages employed in the Senate
Chamber shall be employed by the Sergeant-at-
Arms from the sons of poor and destitute parents
who are unable to support them and who are under
seventeen years of age, each page to hold his place
during the session at which he is appointed, to bo
ineligible for the next session, and to be subjeet to
removal for non-performance of duty; and the Ser-
geant-at-Arms shall have power to remove employes
of the Senate only for incompetence or neglect of
duty, and upon the approval of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to ask a ques-
tion. I ask whether the Committee on the
District of Columbia is included in the com-
mittees authorized to employ a clerk under the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
as to clerks of committees is not now before
the Senate; the Senator from Kentucky desires
action first on this amendment in regard to the
Mr. DAVIS. I am one of the Committee
on the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
and it was made the duty of that committee to
supervise all the contingent expenses of the
Senate. At the last session of Congress the
chairman of that committee, who is now absent
from his seat, the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] had a proviso in-
serted regulating the employes of the Senate,
which says:
" Twenty messenger?, (to be appointed and removed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms with the approval of the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Bxpenses of the Senate,) at $1,440 each," &c.
It was not at my instance that this check on
the power of the Sergeant-at-Arms to make
removals was inserted in the law. It was at
?.he instance of the Senator from Connecticut,
the chairman of the committee, who is now
absent j and I am sorry that he is absent, I
Wish lie were here to vindicate the propriety of
that provision, and I think it a very proper one.
There is in the employment of the Senate
now a man of remarkable worth and of ability
in his particular vocation. He is the assistant
engineer of the Senate. He received a notice
some days ago from the Sergeant-at-Arms that
his head should fall on the 15th of this month,
that he was to quit his office on the 15th of
this month. I never saw him until since that
day. He has approached me and asked me if
the Sergeant-at-Arms had power to dismiss
him without the approval of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses. I told hiin he had not.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, it seems, has chosen
to exercise or to attempt the exercise of the
power, while the law is that his removal is
subject to revision by the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses. I have here the highest
testimonials in favor of that employ^, the
assistant engineer. He is a man of family. He
is a native, as he tells me, of Pennsylvania.
He was in the naval service during the war,
and in the siege of Vicksburg he had the calf
of his leg shot off. He is therefore disqual-
ified in consequence of this disability, result-
ing from wounds, from exercising his vocation
as an engineer in ihe field. I will read some
testimonials that he has of his merits from
Admiral Farragut, Admiral Lee, officers of
the engineer service of the Navy, and from
the foreman of the establishment where he
was employed before he went into the Navy.
The latter testimonial is as follows :
Orchard Iron "Works,
Pottsville, Pkyvsylvania,
February 15, 1870.
To whom U may concern:
This is to certify that R. M. Hodgson was in my
employ as machinist for over two years, and that
he was a first-class hand in every department of the
businesss.
I know him to be fully capable of taking charge
of any engineer department, and cheerfully recom-
mend him to any position he may seek.
Very respectfully,
JOHN" BELL, Foreman.
I ask the attention of the Senate now to
the testimonials of Admiral Lee and Admiral
Farragut:
Washington, December 17,1868.
Mr. Hodgson was a third assistant engineer in
the Oneida when under my command, and one of the
foremost vessels of Admiral Farragut's fleet in all
of his operations against NewOrleans, also at Vicks-
burg, where Mr. Hodgson was severely wounded in
action.
Wrecked on his way to hospital in a transport,
he was not allowed the compensation for his losses
which he would have received in ordinary service.
Recovering partially from his wounds, be served
to the end of the war.
Mr. Hodgson is a man of courage, conduct, and
cultivation, and has served as a machinist, civil
engineer, surveyor, and naval engineer.
The conspicuous and patriotic service in which
he shared, his wounds andlosses, and impoverished
condition, claim consideration and sympathy, and I
hope he will rcceive a good appointment at the
Capitol.
S. P. LEE, United States Navy.
Hon. S. Cameron, United States Senate.
Sew York, December 22,1868.
Having full confidence in the foregoing recom-
mendation of Commander Lee and in the accompany-
ing one of Chief Engineer Bade, X entertain no ques-
tion as to the capacities of Mr. Hodgson to perform
the duties of the position for which he is an appli-
cant or lor any other in his line which the Govern-
ment may have it in its power to bestow. t His patri-
otic services as well as his sufferings certainly entitle
him to the sympathy and consideration of the Gov-
ernment, and I shall be glad to hear of their being
recognized.
Respectfully, D. G. FARRAGUT, Admiral.
Chief Engineer Dade says:
United States Steamer Oneida,
Above Vicksburg, July 14,1862.
My Dear Sir: As you are about leaving this ves-
sel to return to your home for the purpose of recuper-
ating, you having received a severe wound while
passing the batteries at Vicskburg on the 23th of
June, I take the occasion to bear testimony to your
good conduct during the five months which you have
been attached to this vessel, and to express my ad-
miration at the coolness and efficiency whioh you
have always exhibited at the most dangerous and
trying station in battle, the bell-pull.
Hoping that you will soon recover from your pain-
ful wound, and with my best wishes for your sueoess
in life, I am, truly, your friend,
F, C, DAD33,
Chief Engineer United Stales JS'avy,
Third Assistant Engineer Richard M. JJooGSOSf,
ttiove \ khtburg, Mississippi river,
The chief of the Engineer Bureau writes:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Steam Engineering,
April li), 1809.
Sir: R. M. Hodgson was a second assistant engi-
neer in the United States Navy, and during his ser-
vice was always found to be very efficient in the per-
formance of his duties; was seriously wounded before
Vicksburg, Mississippi, on the 28th of June, 1802.
I am informed that Mr. Hodgson is an applicant
for the appointment of Chief Engineer of the Senate
wing of the Capitol. I have no hesitation in recom-
mending him for the position, believing him to be
thoroughly qualified to perforin the duties, and be-
lieve he is entitled to the position in consideration
of his efficient services during the war and his being
seriously wounded while in the service.
Hoping that his past services will be recognized in
bis appointment to the position he seeks, I remain,
very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. KIJfG,.6'Aie/ of Bureau.
Hon. J. R. I'jtENCir, Washington, D. 0.
The superintendent of machinery at the
Boston navy-yard writes :
Navy-Yard, Boston, July 20, 1870.
This is to certify that I have been acquainted with
R. M. Hodgson for some time, and find him to be a
man of good character and habits, a first-class me-
chanic. a good machinist, and a man every way com-
petent to take charge of steam machinery, either
nigh or low pressure.
SETII WILMARTH,
Superintendent of Machinery.
Mr. President, there are some Senators here
who, I learn, are personally acquainted with
Mr. Hodgson. He is an utter stranger to me.
I never saw him until two or three days since,
but his intelligence, good sense, and manliness
certainly made a very favorable impression on
me. Now he is in the employ of the Senate.
He is fully competent to discharge every duty
incumbent on him in that place. He is a
patriot who has buried his life in his youth,
and when he was a man with wife and children,
in the service of his country, and he has re-
ceived a bad and very considerable wound in
that service by having had the calf of one of
his legs shot away. He held his position here
by the appointment of the Sergeant-at-Arms ;
but the Sergeant-at-Arms could not remove
him unless the act of removal was approved
of by the Committee on Contingent Expenses
of the Senate. I never was consulted myself
in relation to his removal, and I presume that
the chairman of the committee, the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] was not; and
yet, notwithstanding this tenure by which he
held his office, and the assurance which the
law gave him that he could not be removed
from it except by the concurrence of the Com-
mittee of the Senate, the Sergeant at-Arms
usurps the power of giving him notice that his
head must roll in the basket on the 15th. That
assistant is still in his position. I suppose that
the Sergeant-at-Arms is only waiting for the
modification of this law which was inserted in
the appropriation act of last year at the in-
stance of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Ferry,] and of which I had no knowledge
until the present session of the Senate, that
he may add one more to his victims.
Mr. President, I protest against an employe
of the Senate setting up any such guillotine in
its service. He was not authorized to work
the guillotine; and if he had been, he was
disposed to work it upon a worthy and most
competent officer; one, I have no doubt, much
better fitted to discharge all the duties of his
place than the Sergeant-at-Arms is to dis-
charge his duties.
But, Mr. President, I have another object
in offering this amendment which I will state
to the Senate—and it is one quite as exten-
sive—that addresses itself quite as much to
my feelings and interests as the one I have
named. The provision of the bill on page 4,
line seventy-six, rea^Js:
For clerks to committees, fourteen pages for the
Senate Chamber, two riding pages, one page for the
Vice President's room, &o.
There are fourteen boys that are authorized
by the pending bill to be appointed for service
in the Senate Chamber, My proposition is
that the Sergeant-at-Arms, in making these
selections, stall choose the boys of indigent
