APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Betrayal of Republican Party in Missouri—3Ir. Drake.
Senate.
Betrayal of the Republican party in
Missouri.
SPEECH OP HON. CHARLES D. DRAKE,
of missouri,
In the United States Senate,
December 16, 1870.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, offered by Mr. Schukz on the 12th
instant:
Resolved, That the disqualifications and disabili-
ties imposed upon persons lately in rebellion against
the Government, of the United Stales were dictated
by imperative public necessities, and not by a spirit
of hatred orvindlctiveness; and that as soon as such
public necessities cease, due regard for the funda-
mental principles of our system of government, as
well as every consideration of sound statesmanship,
demands the removal of those disqualifications and
disabilities.
Mr. DRAKE said: _
Mr. President: It is seldom that the polit-
ical affairs of a State of the Union are brought
in review before the Senate as they were yes-
terday in the speech of my colleague, [Mr.
Schurz.] Every Senator here will recognize
the unusual character of that speech. Every
Senator, however, will at the same time recog-
nize the necessity laid upon me to reply to it
on the floor of the Senate.
The Senate and the country will bear me
witness that I have not provoked this contro-
versy. Had it been the will of my colleague, I
should have finally passed out of this Chamber
without a word spoken by me in regard to party
mattersin myState. He has made the occasion.
Before this session of Congress began it was
announced in the papers in various parts of the
country that he intended to address the Senate
on Missouri affairs. When we come together
he makes the occasion for his address by offer-
ing a resolution, which, at his own will, he calls
up, and in connection with it addresses the
Senate at great length on those affairs.
Even had my colleague made no direct jefer-
enue to me, I could not, consistently with my
sense of duty, have allowed his speech to pass
unnoticed; and it is not so much because he
did refer to me that I attempt to reply now,
as because I would that my last act in this
Chamber should be in vindication of as noble
and true a party as ever held the destinies of
any State in this Union.
Sir, the occasion is one which the Senate
can well afford to embrace to listen to what
maybe said in regard to the condition of polit-
ical affairs in one of the States. As in war
a disaster befalling one corps or division of an
army in one part of the country nearly con-
cerns the rest of the army in other parts of the
country, so in political matters a calamity
which befalls the party in one State concerns
all the rest of the party in all the other States;
for no man can tell but that in the future the
welfare of this nation may turn upon the voice
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 1.
of the party in one State, even though it
be no more populous than Rhode Island or
Nevada. The fate of the country may as well
hang upon the voice of Missouri with its eleven
electoral votes, as upon the vote of New York
with its thirty-three. Therefore it is that I do
not hesitate to occupy the time of the Senate
to-day in discussing Missouri politics and my
connection and that of my colleague with the
affairs of our State.
Mr. President, there was an extraordinary
character in the speech of my colleague. Aside
from the very remarkable views he expressed
upon general topics, remarkable for a Repub-
lican Senator to express before a Republican
Senate, there was an extraordinary character
in his speech, in its introduction here at all.
Missouii had its conflict; the Republicans of
Missouri had their defeat; and the hosts led
on by my colleague had their victory when
they trailed the Republican banner of Missouri
in the dust. Why not have left the contro-
versy on the soil of Missouri 1 Why bring it
here? The appeal of my colleague from his
own victory there to the Senate here is, to say
the least, extraordinary.
But, sir, there is another extraordinary fea-
ture in his speech. He not only throws down
the gage of conflict to me, and not only, in
order to provoke that conflict, goes over my
public acts, but he rakes up my private con-
versations; and he does so, not in connec-
tion with the struggle through which we have
just passed in that State, but in connection
with an election held in Missouri thirteen years
ago, away back beyond the flood of rebellion
which covered the land, and which wiped out
all preceding records of public men then
living, and turned them over into the new
creation of the country, to make new records
either of hostility or devotion to the flag of
their country. He goes back there to find
that I said in 1857 that I would not vote for a
particular individual as Governor of Missouri
because I should regard his election as hostile
to the interests of slavery. Since the Senate
adjourned yesterday my colleague has been so
good as to show me the letter of Mr. Rollins
to which he then referred, in which Mr. Rollins
makes the statement that my colleague re-
peated here yesterday. Though I have no
recollection of it, I suppose it to be true. We
will admit it to be true. Then the inquiry
comes up, why my colleague presented that
matter here ? I will read the words in which
he presented it:
"The Democratic committee nominated at the
eleventh hour Hon. James S. Rollins. My colleague
knows him well; he is the same who in 1s57 was a
candidate for Governor in Missouri, when iny col-
league refused to vote for him on the ground that
his election would be dangerous to the institution
of slavery in Missouri."
I foil to see the relevancy of or the necessity
for that mention of my name in connection
with Mr. Rollins. I can account for it in but
one way, that my colleague wished to hold
me up before a Republican Senate and before
the nation for condemnation, or at least for
distrust, because in 1857 I was a pro-slavery
man. Well, sir, I can truly say, and in say-
ing it I believe I shall reflect the opinion
of every Senator present, that it is not of the
smallest imaginable concern to any human
being what I said about slavery thirteen years
ago ; and I can further say that I think the
Senate will fail to perceive the connection of
that fact with the argument of my colleague,
or its bearing upon his attempted justification
before thisbody. Suppose I was a pro-slavery
man in 1857, does that justify or defend or
palliate my colleague's acts in 1870?
But, sir, it seems there are some things
which with my colleague are barred by no
statute of limitations. He is ready, oh, how
ready 1 to forgive all the hideous crimes of
rebels before five years have gone around from,
the end of the rebellion; but he cannot forgive
me for having been thirteen years ago a pro-
slavery manl He can hold out the olive-branch
of universal amnesty to them, though he can-
not point to a single evidence of repentance
in them up to this hour; but there is no pardon
for poor me, who have been repenting of my
pro-slaveryism, lo, these ten years 1 [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SCHUliZ. Will my colleague permit
me a word?
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I sat yester-
day with the most respectful attention and lis-
tened to my colleague, when .1 would have been
glad to have made explanations as he went on;
but I forbore to interrupt him. He has more
than four years of senatorial term yet to follow
me when 1 am gone hence, and 1 think I would
rather that he should not interrupt me.
Mr. SCHURZ. I merely wanted to tell my
colleague that I forgive him. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, my colleague
told me yesterday that he forgave me other
offenses : he adds to the weight of my obliga-
tion this morningby forgiving me this. [Laugh-
ter.] But, sir, without suffering the train of
my remarks to be interrupted by this inter-
posed and tardy forgiveness, I proceed further
to remark upon this matter, that while he
seems to regard it as a sin hardly to be for-
given that a man has not been a Republican
as long as he has, yet 1 humbly take leave to
express the opinion that it is better to be a new
Republican and a faithful one, than an old
Republican and a treacherous one. [Manifest-
ations of applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order! The Door-
keeper will remove any person in the galleries
making any manifestations of applause or dis-
approbation.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not consider, Mr. Presi-
dent, that longevity in a party gives a title to
