1871.
the congressional globe.
609
during Lis residence there, represented the
Republican party in the Legislature of the
Stale ; and, sir, I can say of him that he rep-
i it well and honestly ; and that gen-
tlemnn's name I will furnish to any friend of
the road at anytime. I have already given
il to one gentleman.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. What is his
name?
Mr. RANDALL. His name is Foster; he
is known to ail my colleagues.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will ask
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] in whose district he lives, if he knows
this gentleman ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I never
heard of Mr. Foster. If there is any respons-
ible man in my district that will say that there
is a man, woman, or child now in that district
who does not pray tbatthis land grant may be
extended, I shall call him in question.
Mr. RANDALL. In answer to that I pre-
sent a petition from your own county.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand all about these petitions; and after the
gentleman gets through I will tell what I know
. about them; and I think I can tell you who Mr.
Foster is. f think I have a slight suspicion.
Mr. RANDALL. I have known him for
years.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. When
you get through I would like to be heard.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know how the
gentleman can tell us who Mr. Foster is, when
he told us a moment ago he had never heard
of him.
Mr. WASriBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
I can guess who he is. I will exercise a Yan-
kee's privilege. I understand that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is
opposed to this bill 011 two grounds: iirst,
because the people of Wisconsin along the
line of this road have remonstrated against a
renewal of the grant. He comes in here and
professes to know more about that than I do.
I will admit that upon every other question he
knows a great deal more than I do ; but upon
this question I claim to know a great deal
more than he does.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman's irony
falls short of its purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Now,
these petitions were got up at a time when this
road was under the control of a bogus com-
pany that stood in the way and prevented it
irom being built; and my suspicion is that this
man Foster is the representative of that old
bogus organization.
Mr. RANDALL. I know liim well, and
know that he is as honest a man as you are.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I can-
not understand what could induce Mr. Foster
or any other man to come here aud so mislead
my friend from Philadelphia.
Mr. RANDALL. I want you to deal with
Mr. Foster's facts; you have, nothing to do
with the man.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
going to deal with his facts. Now, while this
bogus company had the control of the road,
and it was feared that it might get an exten-
sion and still hold the lands out of the market,
some of the people in that valley undoubtedly
sent remonstrances, and I undertake to say
that this remonstrance which the gentleman
has had read was got up several years since. I
think my friend will not undertake to deny
that this is an old remonstrance.
Mr. RANDALL. This grant having once
been in the hands of a bogus company, what
guarantee does the gentleman have that if the
grant is renewed it will not again get into the
hands of a bogus company ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
glad the gentleman has asked that question,
for it is one which I desire to have answered.
I am unwillingto see this land grant pass here-
after into the hands of any company that will
not construct the road. With that view 1
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 39.
myself insisted that a provision should be put
iuto the bill, and gentlemen will find it there
now, that no company should have the benefit
of this grant until it had first paid up $50,000;
then that the company should go on imme-
diately and construct the road, twenty miles
the first year, and twenty miles each year after-
ward, until the road is constructed. And it is
further provided that the very moment the
company fails to do that, then, without any
further action on the part of Congress, this
land shall revert to the Government and be
put into the market.
Sir, I have my hands full of petitions, as has
my friend from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilson.] as
gentlemen can see, upon this subject. There
is not a man, woman, or child in my district
who _does not desire to have this road con-
structed. As I said before, it will not only
tend to pour the wealth of the Northwest into
the city of Philadelphia, but it will give cheap
bread to those operatives that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Raxdall] speaks of
as insisting that his colleagues should pledge
themselves against voting away these lands.
Mr. RANDALL. They did.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then they
did it not understanding the question. I am
sorry he has not instructed his constituents, so
that they could understand that this compe-
tition in bringing freight from the upper Mis-
sissippi to the Lakes is to give them cheaper
bread. I think I have said enough in reference
to these petitions. I desire to say only one
word more. I have here a telegram from the
president of the senate and the speaker of the
assembly of the Wisconsin Legislature, which
I will read:
Madison, Wisconsin, Janvnry 11,1871.
Please communicate to your honorable body that
the Legislature of Wisconsin convened has unani-
mously passed a memorial urging a renewal of the
grant to aid in the construction ot'the railroad from
St. Croix Lake to Lake Superior andBayiield.
THADDEUS 0. POUND,
Lieutenant Governor tuid President of the Senate.
WILLIAM E. SMITH,
Speaker of the Assembly.
IXon. James G. Blaise,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
That is the memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, and are you going to treat this all
as worth nothing as evidence ? Are you going
to deny us the privilege that you have extended
to every other State that has asked it? There
is not an instance where a road has been par-
tially completed and has come forward and
asked for further time in which to complete
the road that you have not given it. I ask that
Wisconsin shall not now be made an excep-
tion. !
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, if my col-
league [Mr. Randall] thinks that he has
helped the cause he is advocating here by
making personal assaults 
Mr. RANDALL. I have stated nothing
but facts. I have made no assaults.
Mr. MYERS. By making an assault upon
his colleagues for the record they have made
upon this floor, or what they may have writ-
ten elsewhere, it only shows that he has a
poor cause. Now, let me say to him first this :
he boasts that he has invariably voted against
land grants. Sir, I would be ashamed ot such
a record. When he regards the great Pacific
railroad, and the means it has already proved
to be of advancement of the great interests of
this country, when he reflects upon the advan-
tages to the country to result from the other
roads now in course of construction or in
contemplation to the Pacific ocean, and then
considers that he has never voted for any land
grant, I think he may well be ashamed of his
record. Sir, it is one of the proudest recol-
lections of my life that I have enjoyed the
privilege of voting for these great improve-
ments. So much for that.
Now, sir, to strengthen his cause, the gen-
tleman refers to the fact that some of his col-
leagues wrote letters upon this subject of land
grants during the late election. We did write
letters; and I say for one that my letter was in
clear and unequivocal language. I would not
accept a seat in this House if I had to be so
bound down that I could not act my convic-
tions in this matter, so that I could never vote
to give away an acre of the public lands.
Therefore when the question was put to me by
letter whether hereafter I would refuse to vote
for any such grants I replied that I was in
favor of reserving the lands of the United
States tor actual settlers; with this exception:
that in a case where it was necessary to open
communication between distant points, in order
to benefit actual settlers, to stop Indian wars,
and in cases of that kind, I was in favor of
these grants. Either he has not read my letter
or else he does not know how to read it, if he
asserts again what he has mistakably said
just now.
First, I voted' to put this bill back on the
table because its advocates said it had not had
a fair hearing. Secondly, I voted not to lay
it on the table because I wanted to have it dis-
cussed. Thirdly, I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Ju-
lian ,] which protects the actual settler; and
I suppose my colleague will also support that
proposition ; and especially after the discus-
sion I have heard to-day, which shows that this
is a renewal of an old grant. I intend to vote
for the bill; and for that vote I am responsible
to my constituents, not to my colleague.
Mr. RANDALL. I am aware, Mr. Speaker,
that the gentleman is responsible to his con-
stituents; but it is also my privilege upon this
floor to point out his inconsistencies.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman had better
take care of his own inconsistencies.
Mr. RANDALL.' Furthermore, it is my
privilege, when I read the geut.leman's letter,
to understand it in no equivocal sense, though
i it may have been so intended, but as a distinct
declaration that he did not intend to favor auy
further land grant; for in this sense it was
j received by those to whom it was addressed.
Mr. MYERS. Does my colleague say that
my letter was written with an equivocal intent?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not say so. The
gentleman has but to take one horn or the
other of the dilemma.
Mr. MYERS. My colleague has heard what
I said.
Mr. RANDALL. It was a letter declaring
that the gentleman did not mean to vote for
any more land grants, or else it was an equiv-
ocal letter.
Mr. MYERS. I deny what my colleague has
stated. I point to the letter, and will have it
read as soon as I can get it here. It is just
what I have stated. I write plain English; and
if my colleague cannot understand it, it is not
my fault, but the fault of his education.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I dislike very
much to enter into the controversy, but I think
my colleague from the first district of Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] has endeavored by a
drag-net to bring his three colleagues from
Philadelphia into this discussion. 1 am utterly
amazed that he should undertake to dwarf this
great question into a question of mere local
politics. 1 did, during the last canvass, write
a letter in answer to a letter of inquiry from
the labor reformers.
Mr. RANDALL. Will you read it to us?
Mr. O'NEILL. I have not a copy of it; but
I will state what was in it, for it was very short
and very expressive, signifying just what I
meant when I wrote it. I do not think my
colleague can bring me into any disadvantage-
ous position before the House by referring to
my record on that point, or any other reeoid
which I have made here or elsewhere. Sir, in
reply to a respectful letter of that convention
of respectable workingmen in the city of Phil-
adelphia, just prior to the October election, 1
wrote that I was opposed to giving one acre
of land to the mere speculator; and upon that
position I stand. I have the right to judge
who is the mere speculator. I am not bound
