APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 16;
Senate.
Betrayal of Republican Party in Missouri—Mr. Drake.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
of party. I will not stop to discuss before
such a body as this how much principle is
involved in the question whether pardon and
amnesty shall- be extended to disfranchised
men, any more than I would stop to consider
how much principle is involved in the mere
dispensation of executive clemency toward one
convicted of crime.
But, sir, suppose that he could base his action
upon principle; I wish to know how it is that he
can fiud in the assertion of principle upon a
single point of policy anything that can justify
him in striking a fatal blow at the very funda-
mental principle of all republican organization.
No republic, no popular organization of any
kind, can exist for a day, except upon the
fundamental principle that the will of the
majority shall govern. In taking the course
he did in our convention, to say that he tram-
pled upon that principle is to characterize his
action in the mildest manner.
But he claims "individual independence,"
independence of thought dictating independ-
ence of action. Sir, independence of thought
and action is well enough in its place, but
whenever it assumes the form of a destroying
element in the organization with which it is
connected, then it is a thing to be curbed.
When a member of a political party has so much
of the spirit of independence of thought and
action that he cannot be controlled by thefunda-
mental principle of popular organizations, the
right of a majority to govern, in the name of
sense and decency I would inquire whether it
would not at least promote the peace and har-
mony of the organization to which he belongs
if he would go out of it, instead of remaining
to destroy it ?
Mr. President, what is the office of political
platforms ? We are so familiar with them that
I need hardly in this assembly answer the ques-
tion. A political platform is the rallying point
for political forces and the rule for the incom-
ing administration of a political party that is
seeking the votes of the people. Now, sir, if
this resolution in the platform about which my
colleague has split up his party had had some
significance beyond the passing hour, some
influence in the future, there might be some
faint attempt at justification of the action of
the convention in reference to it. But, sir,
this resolution was to be but the platform of a
day. _ At the close of the polls on the day of the
election, when the people were to pass by
"yes" and " no" vote upon the amendments,
the' platform would drop dead. Then the
amendments would be adopted or rejected;
and whether adopted or rejected the platform
would no longer have any virtue or vitality. It
constituted then nothing but a rallying cry for
a party that was to be formed in connection
with it. And yet for this slogan of a day, this
thing which had no permanent significance,
nor any that was not adverse to the Republican
party, my colleague was willing to destroy that
party!
A large part of his speech was taken up with
an effort to show to the Senate and the country
that the time had come for enfranchising rebels
in Missouri, and that he was justified in taking
the action he did because that time had come.
Sir, that is not the question here, nor was it
the question there. From the time the amend-
ments were proposed last February up to the
morning of the election nothing in the future
■was more absolutely certain than the adoption
of those amendments by almost any indefinite
number of votes you might name within the
range of the actual number of votes in the
State. It needed not the action of the con-
vention. It needed not any organized action.
The whole thing was as certain as the advent
of the day of election, and my colleague knew
it. And yet, upon the pretense of promoting
the adoption of the amendments, he offered
that resolution in the convention, and because
the convention differed from him in opinion on
that subject he broke away from it and broke
up the organization of the party. Sir, no man
can do a deed of that kind without an attempt
at justification. He has made his justifica-
tion. He has made it before our constituents.
He has made it upon the floor of the Senate,
unfortunately, oh, how unfortunately for him-
self!
He bases his whole justification upon what he
chooses to call the "pledge," the "plighted
faith" of the party, given in the Republican
national convention at Chicago in 1868. If
he had just grounds for that excuse, I would
be the last man in the world to deprive him
of one atom of its force. I would never be
behind him in maintaining the plighted faith
of my party, any more than I would in main-
taining my own plighted faith. But, sir, I,
in common with every Senator, in common
with the whole country, would wish to inquire
whether indeed the party had plighted its faith.
If it had, to what extent did the act of the
party justify my colleague? If it had not,
where is my colleague's cause, here or else-
where? Sir, the Republican national con-
vention of 1808 said just these words upon
that subject:
"We favor the resioval of the disqualifications
and restrictions imposed upon the late rebels, in the
same measure as the spirit of disloyalty may die out
and as may be consistent with the safety of the loyal
people."
"We favor." This convention, not the
party, favor. They did not speak for the party.
National conventions, when they lay down
national platforms, do not say "we favor," or
"we oppose;" they pronounce for the party;
and although in the hurry of the adjournment
of the Chicago convention my colleague's res-
olution was made a part of the national plat-
form, yet it amounts to no pledge on the part
of the party. Pledges say, "We will do a
thing." They do not say " We will favor the
doing of it upon a contingency." That is all
that this resolution says. We favor the doing
of it upon a contingency; that is, when the
spirit of disloyalty shall have died out, and
when, also, it shall be consistent with the safety
of the loyal people. And that is what my col-
league chooses to dignify as a pledge!
But suppose it were a piedge, what does it
refer to? Can it be construed as referring to
the disfranchisement provisions which existed
in Missouri, or Tennessee, or West Virginia?
Who sent that national convention there to
decide the internal policy of any of those
States? Nobody. Questions of privileges and
enfranchisements, and disabilities and disfran-
chisements were left wholly to the people of
those States. When did a national party con-
vention undertake to regulate the internal
policy of individual States? Never in the
history of parties.
Sir, the resolution offered by my colleague
at Chicago could have had no bearing except
in a national direction. Upon what, then, in
a national point of view, did it bear? All the
Senate would say in an instant'that it bore
upon the disqualifications and restrictions im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. It can-
not bear upon anything else. It was an ex-
pression on the part of the convention of the
Republican party to Congress in favor of the
removal, in a certain contingency, of political
disabilities which Congress had the power at
any time to remove by a two-thirds vote of
both Houses.
But, sir, I proceed with my colleague's views
in regard to this pledge, and I have a purpose
in repeating them here. He said in his speech
yesterday:
" I have already alluded to the fact that in the
national Republican convention of 1868 I introduced
a resolution in favor of the removal of political dis-
abilities as soon as public safety would permit it. I,
for my part, was honest in proposing that resolution
andinmakingthat promise. I sincerely meant what
I said. I did notmean to deceive the people by or en-
ing the prospect of a conciliatory policy, with the
secret intention to break the pledge and to obtain the
votes of the people on false pretenses."
Again life says, and I crave the distinct
attention of the Senate to these words:
" I therefore looked uppn that promise as one ad-
mittingof nouncertainty, no compromise, n-> IriUiuy,
no equivocation, which would have been faithless-
ness of the darkest nature. And this sentiment,
which always has been and always will be the guide
of my public life, governed me in this instance and
dictated my language."
With that peculiar fertility of expression
which my colleague has, he has put on record
there a declaration touching this matter, which
sweeps round the whole circle of all that is
conceivable to bind a man to maintain a thing
in its integrity. Would yon believe it, sir,
would this Senate believe it, would this country
believe it, that ere two months had elapsed
from the passage of that Chicago resolution,
which was to be held so sacred, he himsplf
was a party to its utter desecration and over-
throw? When, in a joint discussion with my
colleague last October, in a little town in .Vis-
souri, I expressed my views of the naticual
character of the Chicago resolution, and 1'iat
it had no bearing upon our State, he. in rej ly-
ing, repudiated that view, and insisted that ',he
Chicago resolution covered not only naiio lal
disqualifications and restrictions, but those in
our State, as well as in every other. Will it be
believed, after all this, that before the Chicago
resolution was two months old my colleague
was a party to a proceeding which in efiect
declared that the Chicago resolution had noth-
ing on earth to do with Missouri affairs ? And
yet such is the fact.
And here I bring out the fact which I referred
to just now, of which my colleague, in his state-
ment of the case yesterday, took no notice,
though it is an important, nay, essential and
controlling fact in the history of this case. I
do not wonder at his keeping it out of sight, for
it demolishes his whole plea for the sanctity of
the pledge contained in the Chicago resolution
in its application to the State of Missouri. In
the Stale Republican convention of Missouri,
which met in July, 1808, two mouths after the
national convention, my colleague wa3 a mem-
ber of the committee on resolutions. That
committee reported, without dissent from any
member of it, so far as is known, the following
resolution, which was adopted in the conven-
tion without any dissent from my colleague
that I ever heard of. The resolution is in these
words:
"That while we believe that the disfranchisement
of those who engaged in, aided, or sympathized witU
rebellion was not only a legitimate and just cmi.-e-
quence of their own conduct, but a nectosnr.v me.isare
lor the safety of the loyal people ot this Mate, we
cherish no revengeful feeling toward those who fought
in fair and open battle, though for an unjust cause,
and stand ready to restore to them every political
privilege at the earliest moment consistent with State
and national safety."
The Chicago resolution referred to rebels of
every character and grade in all parts of the
country; and favored the removal of their dis-
qualifications whenever it could be done "con-
sistently with the safety of the loyal people."
My colleague went home from that convention,
and into our State convention, and the commit-
tee of which he was a member reported the res-
olution I have just read to you, which does not
cover the enfranchisement of all rebel.-,, doea
not go on the wide course of benevolence which
| my colleague's Chicago resolution went upon ;
i but recognizing inferentially that tile conven-
tion does entertain revengetui feelings toward
some classes of rebels, it exptessly says that it
does not entertain revengeful feelings toward
those " who foughtus in fair and open battle,"
and avows a readiness to restore to that class
