612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
purpose bo brought in, and let ns have it fully
considered and discussed. Let us equalize
the salaries and adjust them all round as they
ought to be. But gentlemen should not, when-
ever an appropriation bill is under consid-
eration, spring upon us an attempt to raise
the salaries of one or two individual officers
because they have asked for an increase of
pay. I yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargext.]
Mr. SARGENT. I simply wish to ask
whether I am not correct in the impfession
that a bill has been passed by the Senate in
relation to these diplomatic officers, fixing the
salaries of each? Is not that bill now pending
in this House?
Mr. KELSEY. There is such a bill; but
it has not been considered.
Mr. SARGENT. That being the fact, it
seems to me it would be much better for gen-
tlemen who desire that particular salaries
shall be raised to hasten the consideration of
that bill, so that there may be some system in
regard to the raising of salaries, if we must
raise them.
Mr. IvELSEY. I now yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs has under consideration a bill regulat-
ing generally the salaries of diplomatic officers
representing this country abroad. I agree
with the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] that the officer at St. Petersbuig to
whom he has referred ought to receive a
larger salary than he now does; and the same
can certainly be said of the secretary of lega-
tion at London. But it is not practicable,.
perhaps, to make an adjustment of these sala-
ries in this appropriation bill, because the
adoption of an increased salary in one case
will certainly give rise to propositions for a
similar increase in other cases. I can assure
the gentleman from Now York that the mat-
ter will be attended to if (he Committee on
Foreign Affairs has time to report the bill at
this session.
Mr. POTTER. 1 entirely agree with my
colleague [Mr. Cox] that the salary of the offi-
cer named by him should be raised. I should
be glad if this whole subject ot' the salaries
of diplomatic officers, which I understand is
being considered by the Committee on Foteign
Affairs, should come before us in the form of
ft general bill. But in the meantime 1 propose
to advocate this act of individual justice now
and here.
I wish to add one word in respect to the
species of economy exemplified in this bill.
Here is tin appropriation- of $11,250 foramiti-
ist.er to Uruguiiy. How many members of this
House know wheie Uruguay is or what popu-
lation it has? There can be no possible use
in expending $11,250 to pay a minister to
Uruguay. A similar remark may bo made
Tvit.li legurd to the minister to Hayti.
Mr. KELSEY. The minister to Uruguay
does double duty ; ho is our representative to
two Governments.
Mr. PO ITER. I am aware of the fact that
he is supposed to do double duty as our repre-
sentative to the mythical Government of Par-
aguay and also to this other little place in the
woods on the Parana river. For his services
in this capacity he receives the enormous sum
of $11,2-30 per annum ; yet I venture to say he
does not do one tenth of the work performed
by the secretary of legation at St,. Petersburg
or London. This is an exemplification of the
economy of the party in power.
Mr. lIOTCHXvISS. ilr. Chairman, this ob-
jection, that, the time is inopportune, is one
which I have not henid urged against any
other amendment which has been pioposed to
au appropriation hill. V«re have been raising
salaries all through these appropriation bills,
not only this session but at former sessions.
We have now reached a case where an in-
crease of salary is universally conceded to be
right, yet it is suddenly discovered to be an
inopportune time for sueh matters. It is ad-
mitted on all hands that the secretary of lega-
tion at St. Petersburg ought to receive more
salary than $1,800; that this sum does not
at all correspond with his deserts ; that more
money is in many instances paid for much less
labor and the exercise of much less ability.
This gt-ntleman is one of the most intelligent,
accomplished, and worthy young men of the
State of New York ; yet he receives for most
faithful, laborious services, the pittance of
$1,800 a year, which will scarcely pay his
expenses. A gentleman suggests that there
is no law against his coming away.
Mr. POTTER. There is no law against
the minister to Uruguay coming away either. *
Mr. HOTCHKISS. But such an argument
is unworthy to be suggested here, when we are
asked to do absolute justice, and that which is
called for by the respect due to the name of
our country. I hope the amendment will
prevail.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 35, noes 46; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered under the rules; and
the Chairman appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Cox.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 67.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to add
the following as an additional paragraph, to
come in after line forty-four. I presume it
must have been forgotten by the committee:
To enable Robert C. Snhenek, minister to Gr^at
Britain, to employ a privato amanuensis. $2,500,
according to joint resolution approved January
11, 1871.
Mr. K13LSEY". That is right. Jt ought to
go in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest, as a
matter of phraseology, that the title which
is found on page 1 and line eight, "envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
Great, Britain," should be used here also.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have adopted
the phraseology used in the joint resolution.
'Tile question was put on the amendment of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
proper, and all contingent expenses of all missions
abroad, §100,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think we
ought to have some explanation from the gen-
tleman who has reported this hill how these
contingent expenses are incurred, what they
are, and what is the necessity for them in these
times of peace. If the gentleman cannot give
ns a satisfactory explanation I shall be obliged
to move an amendment.
Mr. KELSEY. In reply to my colleague
[Mr. Brooks] I will state that when the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill of last
year was under discussion here I gave veiy
full explanations in regard tothisitein, or rather
the two items which covered this branch of the
service in the bill of last year. Gentlemen
know well that the moneys which are appro-
priated under the head of* contingent expenses
of foreign intercourse" are paid by the Slate
Department. When the charges are certified
to be proper by the President they are audited
at the Fifth Auditor's office, without other
voucher than the President's approval. Last
year an effort was made by the Senate to in-
crease this appropriation to §150,000. After
a very earnest struggle in the committee of
conference the Seriate finally receded, and con-
sented to take $100,000 for the contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse and of all mis-
sions abroad.
The contingent expenses of missions abroad
are the miscellaneous expenses that are audited
at the Fifth Auditor's office upon vouchers
properly rendered. The portion of the fund
spent for contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course is that audited upon the President's cer-
tificate. The sum is now just the same as it
was last year. I made a very strenuous effort
last year to reduce the amount of the appro-
priation for both purposes to $50,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There was an
old appropriation four or five years ago for
these purposes of $500,000. I ask the gen-
tleman has that been expended, or does he
know anything about it? Is there any sum in
the Treasury now for contingent expenses for
secret service purposes?
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose there is not; and
I arrive at that conclusion by examining the
report of the Fifth Auditor. I find, by looking
back through the last three or four years, that
the amount of money expended under the head
of contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
amounts fco about the sum then appropriated,
in addition to the sums appropriated in the
annual bills. I assume, therefore, that that
appropriation which was made four or five years
ago is now exhausted. I think it is entirely
exhausted.
I see, by referring to the Fifth Auditor's re-
port, that the contingent expenses of foreign
intercourse last year are reported at $125,000,
and the contingent expenses of all missions
abroad at about eight hundred thousand dol-
lars. I have supposed, and the Committee ou
Appropriations came to the same conclusion,
that §100,000, the same as was appropriated
last year, would be sufficient, because there is
no statement of any deficiency in these funds
sent in from, the State Department. They do
not claim that there will be a deficiency, and
1 assume, therefore, that the $100,000 is suffi-
cient.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to amend by
striking out " $100,000" and inserting in lieu
thereof " $50,000;" so that it will read:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
proper, and all contingent expenses uf ail missions
abroad, $50,000.
I believe that during the whole of President
Lincoln's administration but $100,000 were
expended for this purpose, and during Presi-
dent Johnson's administration but $52,000.
To be sure, $106,000 were drawn from the
'Treasury, but were afterward covered into the
Treasury.
Mr KELSEY. A part only.
Mr. llALDEXIAN. About one hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. KELSEY. Ninety-eight, thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. IIALDEMAN. And that amount re-
mained thereat the time of the accession of
General Grant to office. I believe, also—and
the gentleman will correct me if I am wrong—
that the contingent expenses of the legations
abroad for which vouchers are offered at the
Treasury Department amount to about twenty-
five thousand dollars a year.
Mr. KELSEY. That is about the amount.
Mr. IIALDEMAN. This will then leave
$75,000 for the secret-service fund for which
no vouchers are rendered other than the v.-oid
of the President,
1 have, of course, the utmost confidence in
the Executive of the United States; but 1 am
led to ask for what purpose this large appro-
priation at this time? I should like to have
some idpa of what became of the ninety-eight
or one hundred thousand dollars left over fiom
Mr. Johnson's administration and covered into
the Treasury and found there at the time of the
accession of General Grant. I have no donht
that the secret service fund is being expended
for objects which the President of the United
States holds to be proper and statesmanlike.
But. sir, there is an idea abroad that, the lease
of Samana bay, although the treaty was be,lore
the Senate ot the United States and was not
ratified, is met out, of the seciet service fund.
There is au idea abroad in reference to the
annexation ot an island about whose diplo-
macy there is a tinge of suspicion of corrup-
