mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess. Betrayal of Republican Party in Missouri—Mr. Drake.
Senate.
their political privileges at the earliest moment
consistent with State and national safety. Sir,
that resolution is not consistent with the Chicago
resolution. It limits it. My colleague partici-
pated in the framing and passage of that reso-
lution, and in doing so he expressly admitted
and declared, in effect, before the people of the
State, by the simple act of concurrence, that he
did not consider the Chicago resolution to have
any relevancy whatever to State disfranchise-
ments, because he led our State convention to
lay down a different rule with regard to disfran-
chisements in our State from that which was laid
"down by the Chicago convention with regard to
disqualifications and restrictions in general.
And no one knows better than he that that
convention could not have been induced to
adopt any resolution looking to a total removal
from our constitution of its disfranchisement
provisions. On the contrary, had he then
advocated or proposed any such resolution, I
deem it morally certain that he would not now
be -holding a seat from Missouri in this body.
And yet, sir, not out in a little town meeting
in Missouri where, perhaps, twenty five or fifty
Republicans would be present, with hundreds
of rebels and Democrats to applaud him in
his attempt to destroy his party; not there,
where he could hear ringing in his ears the
approving yells of the slayers of our sons and
brothers and fathers, the same vengeful yell
that our soldiers heard so often on the battle-
fields of the rebellion ; not there, upon the soil
where he was to consummate the destruction
of his party, but here in the august Senate of
the United States, before the people of. the
nation, he deliberately argues in support of his
defection from his party, upon the ground that
he was bound by the Chicago resolution, which
he had himself, before it was two months
old, repudiated as applicable to Missouri, and
adopted another rule upon the subject, so far
as that State was concerned. I do not wonder
that my colleague did not find it pleasant to
introduce in his speech the resolution which I
have just read. A man does not love to handle
the.rope that is to hang himself.
Well, sir, after all this, my colleague goes
forth and breaks up his party, ostensibly to
vindicate the policy contained in his Chicago
resolution. He and his friends organize a
"Liberal party," so called; and by way of
vindicating its irresisble claim to liberality, its
first act is to pronounce its separation from its
party associates for a mere difference of opinion
on a point of policy. Its next act is to knock
in the head the party it had belonged to. Oh,
how liberal they were! Liberal supremely to
the enemies of their country, to rebels, to every
bushwhacker in Missouri, to every man upon
whom the disfranchisements of our constitu
tion rested for his crimes during the rebellion :
but avaunt with liberality toward Republicans!
This Chicago resolution is consecrated ground,
and if you cannot come here and worship as
we do, begone; we will have no more of you!
This is the " Liberal'1 party of Missouri!_
The majority of the convention were inde-
pendent in their action. They would not be
dictated to by my colleague or any other man;
and because they were independent in their
action, he fell back on his " independence of
thought and action,1' even to the extent of then
and there breaking up the party, and even whil-e
he denied to the majority the independence of
thought and action which he arrogated to him-
self. Prussia again to prostrate France!
And why all this ? Did anything in the action
of the convention prevent my colleague and
allhis "Liberal" friends from going before the
people of the State and advocating the adop-
tion of the amendments? Not ai all. The
convention declared for allowing every man
to vote according to his honest convictions.
That was liberality; not to bend others to
■their will, but to leave evtery man to vote his
honest convictions. The field was open to
my colleague. He could have gone into every
county in the State and urged the people to
adopt the amendments. There was nothing in
the party platform to prevent it. When the
people were to pass upon it, why did he prefer
to destroy the party, rather than in the party
appeal to the people for the vindication of his
policy? It would have been vindicated if he
had remained and worked in the party ; why
should he have preferred to go out of the party
organization to reach that end, unless he had
other and more questionable ends in view?
Mr. President, behold the results of this ill-
omened movement. Sir, I mourn, as I never
did before over any political result, at what
followed and is yet to follow the betrayal of my
party in Missouri. First, there is the election
of a man as Governor who, whatever he may
have been heretofore in the Republican party,
is now in open market bidding for Democratic
support for the Presidency in 1872. Hear,
sir, how, in the flush of victory, this Governor-
elect of Missouri answered the Democrats that
serenaded him in St. Louis, and how they
greeted his new-born homage to the Democ-
racy. He says:
" Now, I have to say to you, without any hesitation,
that I have to thank the Democratic party of Mis-
souri ['Hear, hear, and applause'] for the cordial
support they have given me in that position. And
I say furthermore, that no party has ever shown more
perfect command of self, more perfect disregard of
past traditions, more porfeet devotion to the welfare
of the common country, than has the Dctnocratic
party in the last election in the State of Missouri.
[Applause.]
"X can say to you frankly, my fellow-citizens,
that I am the last man in this nation to disregard
the obligations under which I stand, and that in this
election I recognize that my obligations are in the
largest measure to the Democratic party of tho State
of Missouri. [Loud applause.]
" Now, my friends, let me tell you another thing.
I recognize the fact that the Democratic party of the
State of Missouri has done this thing. (Loud and
enthusiastic applause.] It has elevated itselt upon
a higher platform than it ever occupied before; it
has gone for the rights of all men, and in so doing it
has made an initiative for the future that will go-
through all tho States of this Union. [Great ap-
plause.] It has cut itself loose from the formularies
and obstructions of the past, and has made a platform
upon which the young men of this nation can stand,
[applause;] a platform where they can stand dis-
embarrassed of all that retinue of party machinery
that has kept them down heretofore, and where they
can move forward in the spirit and in tho light of
a pure Democracy, advancing to the conquest of the
future. [Loud applause.]"
This is my colleague's candidate for Gov-
ernor of Missouri.; this is the candidate whom
my colleague pressed upon the people of that
State, even at the expense of the continued life
of the Republican party there. He has gone
to the Democracy; and may the Lord have
mercy on his soul! [Laughter.]
The second result of my colleague's action
was the utter demoralization of the Repub-
lican party over nearly the entire State, their
division in many counties and districts, the
closing up of the Democratic ranks wherever
Democrats could be elected, and the coalition
of Democrats and "Liberals" everywhere that
it was necessary to defeat Republicans; all
ending in the choice of but three Republicans
to Congress where we had eight, and the elec-
tion of a Legislature which is claimed to be
Democratic on joint, ballot, and which, if not
so by numerical count, is so near it that all the
Democrats have to do when they nominate
a candidate for Senator to fill my place is to
say to the "Liberals" elected through my
colleague's division of the Republican party,
"Gentlemen, we elected your ticket for State
officers, and we demand that you elect our Sen-
ator," and he will be elected by "Liberal"
votes, if need be. Can they refuse? Not un-
less every man of them possesses the more than
Roman virtue of my distinguished colleague.
Another result is the addition to the Democ-
racy in Missouri of a new element which has
never before beeu mentioned in the papers of
that State in connection with our elections.
We have heard of '■ the Republican element
we have heard of "the Democratic element;"
we have heard of "the loyal element;" we
have heard of "the disloyal element;" we
have heard of "the Yankee element;" and
very much in my colleague's newspaper of
" the German element;" but it is a new thing
under the sun in Missouri that papers should
begin to talk there about "the Confederate
element;" and yet such is the fact. That
element, always claimed by the Democracy to
number from fifty to seventy thousand men,
and all heretofore disfranchised in our State,
is to be added to the Democracy hereafter,
thanks and glory to my colleague!
There is, sir, still another result, in the
bare contemplation of which, as probable, my
heart is sick, and the effects of which upon my
ill-fated State I can neither estimate in their
extent, nor measure in their horror, nor regard
without apprehension akin to terror. The
adoption of the constitution there in 1865 led
to the removal from that State into Keutucky,
the Territories, the Pacific States, and else-
where, of many of the most desperate, lawless,
and blood-thirsty of the disfranchised classes,
whose absence has largely contributed to that
era of peace and prosperity within our borders,
so glowingly presented by my colleague as an
all-sufficient ground for removing all disfran-
chisements from our constitution. Had that
constitution been left intact, or had the Repub-
lican party, after the adoption of the amend-
ments, been preserved in its unity and strength,
those desperadoes would have still blessed the
State with their absence ; but the news—joyful
to them, but terrible in the future to us—has
reached them in all their distant haunts that
all disfranchisements are forever removed;
that the power conferred by the constitution
upon the Legislature to reimpose disfranchise-
ments has been swept away; that the same
fate has befallen that constitutional provision
which required our juries to be composed of
loyal citizens only; and, to crown the whole,
that the great Radical party of the State has
been beaten, routed, shattered, broken up; and
already—yes, sir, already—the word comes that
those self- banished fiends are on the .tramp back
to Missouri. Soon they will be there in force,
and then—blood'! Whose blood? Sir, that of
Union men. It will, I fear, be shed there in
streams, as it has been in Kentucky and other
border States, and in the South; and when,
sir, when will it cease to flow? Who but God
can answer that question? Who but my col-
league and his associates wi-ll ans,wcr at God's
bar for that flow of blood ? Let me not be told
that that result, if to come, might have any-
how followed the adoption of the amendments,
and that I have already admitted that they
would have been adopted whether my colleague
and his followers had bolted or not; that is not
the point; but this is: Missouri could have
borne the adoption of those amendments, if
her Republican party—in which alone is no
infusion of the rebel spirit—had been preserved
in its organized integrity, so as to have presented
a united and determined front for the protec-
tion of loyal men; but without that the adop-
tion of the amendments was but a " vengeful
halloo " to every exiled rebel to return to that
feast of loyal blood from which for years our
constitution had shut him out. And so, turn
where he will, my colleague is confronted with
the dread results of his destroying power. Sir,
if they could be washed away with tears, v.-ell
might he exclaim with the prophet of old, "Oh
that my head were waters, and mine eyes a
fountain of tears, that I might weep day and
night for the slain of the daughter of my peo-
ple!"
Finally, sir, there is a future of great import-
ance before us as a nation. A great trial of our
republican institutions, one of the greatest they
have known, is to come iu 1872. Then is to be
