1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
tion, that the secret service fund is connected
in some way with that scheme, which has re-
ceived the condemnation of the Senate of the
United States, and has in no manner been
favorably passed upon by this branch of Con-
gress.
I speak of this now more especially because
but yesterday or the day before the agent of the
United States who signed the treaty with the
republic of Dominica has published a letter
containing such assaults as require almost a
committee of investigation, charging that he
holds in his hands contracts for lands and
mines, asserting that just before the arrival of
the steamers around the island of San Domingo,
two hundred thousand acres of land were
granted in onegrant, and charging men nearly
connected with the President of the United
States with being concerned in these mat-
ters. Under these circumstances I would like
to know why this unusually large appropria-
tion of $75,000 is being added to the secret-
service fund.
Mr. KELSEY. I will answer the gentle-
man by informing him that last year the Con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill was in-
troduced with an appropriation of only $50,000
for this secret service fund and contingent ex-
penses of all the missions abroad. The bill
passed the House in that shape. It went to
the Senate and they amended it by increasing
the amount to $150,000, and it was reduced to
5100,000 in the committee of conference. The
Department asked for $150,000 this year. The
Committee on Appropriations reported ex-
actly what this House and the Senate agreed
upon last year. That is all the answer that I
desire to make.
The question was taken on Mr. Haldeman's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. WOOD. I move to add at the end of
the paragraph the following proviso :
Provided, That no portion of this sum shall
bo expended in efforts to annex the republic of
Dominica.
Mr. KELSEY. I feel constrained to make a
point of order upon that amendment, although
I should like very well to see it adopted. It
is new legislation, and is not in order as an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. WOOD. It is very frequently the case
that appropriations are limited by confining
and restricting the objects of the expenditure
of the money.
The CHAIR. The Chair rules the amend-
ment in order. It is a limitation upon the
appropriation.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, we all know
that it has been usual from the foundation of
the Government to vote a certain sum for the
President's use as a contingent fund. We all
know that the object of that fund was well
understood, that it is entirely restricted to a
certain class of expenditures.
Of late years, however, and very recently
for the first time in our history, a portion of
the secret service fund appropriated by Con-
gress for the contingent expenses of the diplo-
macy of this country has been by the President
diverted to a new object, other than that in-
tended by Congress. We know that the unex-
pended balance of that fund coming into the
control of the present President, which bal-
ance, in my judgment, should have been re-
turned to the Treasury, was diverted by him
to the purpose of attempting to improperly
acquire the republic of Dominica as a portion
of the territory of the United States. That
was an iraproperdisbursementof a special fund
intrusted to the President for a specific pur-
pose. Now, the object of my proviso is to
prevent the recurrence of such a wrong appli-
cation of the money which we appropriate,
by providing that the President shall not use
money intrusted to him for one purpose, and
that purpose one well understood if not ex-
j-r?3sly declared in the appropriation itself, to
another purpose entirely foreign to the one
Congress had in view when making the appro-
priation.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. DICKEY. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that any portion of the contin-
gent or secret service fund has been used for
any such purpose as he indicates ?
Sir. WOOD. I do; and the gentleman will
be' the first one to deny it.
Mr. DICKEY. Was not the fund to which
the gentleman refers especially appropriated
for that purpose?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. Was not the fund of $250,000
appropriated for that express purpose?
Mr. WrOOD. No, sir. The $50,000 to which
I refer was taken from the unexpended balance
of the contingent fund 
Mr. DICKEY. Appropriated for what pur-
pose ?
Mr. WOOD. For contingencies.
Mr. DICKEY. Was not the $250,000 ap-
propriated for San Domingo ?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir; it was appropriated
for an entirely different purpose.
Mr. DICKEY. As I understand it it was
appropriated for that exact purpose.
Mr. WOOD. No, sir; andtheobject of my
proviso is to prevent a recurrence of that very
thing. It is to provide that this contingent fund
shall be confined to the legitimate, proper, just,
and legal object for which it is appropriated by
us. I have offered the amendment in good faith
for that object, and for nothing else.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask that a vote be now taken upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
the vote is taken I desire to say a few words.
This is a movement made, I have no doubt,
in the utmost good faith against the President
of the United States. It has been the uni-
versal practice since the beginning of this Gov-
ernment to put a secret-service fund, or a con-
tingent fund, in the hands of the Executive,
to be used at his discretion. And at a time
when there was more variance than ever before
between the executive and the legislative de-
partments of the Government, during the term
of Andrew Johnson, the House of Representa-
tives., although opposed to him and to his policy
in every form, never undertook to interfere
with that, fund, or to trammel him in the use
of it. While they were accusing him person-
ally of high crimes and misdemeanors^ they
left the power of the President of the United
States untouched.
We have just agreed, by the almost unani-
mous vote of one side of this House, to send a
commission to San Domingo for the purpose
of ascertaining all the facts concerning the
annexation of the republic of Dominica. We
made no appropriation for that purpose, sup-
posing that the expenses of that commission
would be paid out of this fund. Now, if this
proviso should be adopted the expenses of
that commission cannot be paid. But I will
not stop to consider that small matter.
The question is whether gentlemen are ready
to follow the lead of the gentleman froin New
York [Mr. Woon] in a vote of a want of con-
fidence in the Executive of the United States.
We do not expect him to have confidence in
our President. But I will say to him that in
the times of high party excitement that may
come hereafter, when the change is made the
other way for which he hopes, but in which I
trust he may long be disappointed, I will not
then be found on this floor, it I should have a
seat here, attempting to cripple the Executive
in relation to matters which, by the Constitu-
tion, as well as by the long-established usage
of the Government, are placed wholly within
his control.
I suggest to the gentleman that the exercise
of the functions of the Government in this
respect, in accordance with all past usage, had
better not be interfered with at this time upon
a small matter of party discipline. One of
these days we will fight out the question of
the annexation of San Domingo, if the gen-
tleman desires it. When the report of the
commissioners shall be presented there will
be ample time to consider it and to discuss
the wisdom of the proposed annexation; but I
pray the gentleman to consider whether it is
not beneath his dignity and the dignity of this
House to attempt thus to fasten apetty quarrel
upon the Executive.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. DAWES. Imove to amend theamend-
ment by striking out the last word. At the
last session, when we had the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill before us, there
was an effort made in this House to put this
contingent fund under the control of Congress.
The proposition was debated at some length ;
and the general sentiment of the entire House,
as I understood it at the time, was against any
such proposition. From the foundation of
the Government it has been found absolutely
necessary, under all circumstances, under ad-
ministrations of all parties, whether the rela-
tions between Congress and the Executive
were friendly or otherwise, to keep this fund
inviolate. There have been times within the
memory of us all when partisan strife has
attempted to arraign the Secretary of State
and the Executive for alleged misuse of the
secret-service fund intrusted to their hands.
But the attempt has always failed. It has
failed in the House of its friends. It has failed
in the public judgment.
It is absolutely necessary, as the people
recognize, that in the administrations of the
delicate matters ever arising between the State
Department and foreign nations there should
be reposed in the executive officers a discre-
tion with reference to certain matters about
which they shall not be questioned in detail.
They are answerable to the public upon the
general drift of their transactions with foreign
nations; and their administration in this re-
spect is to be judged as a whole, not in detail.
I submit to my friend from New York [Mr.
Wood] that whatever may be his private opin-
ion in reference to this particular matter, it is
better in the long run to adhere to the old rule
than even to accomplish his end at the expense
of exposing upon this floor all the transactions
and negotiations of the State Department;
exposing them not only here, but to foreign
; Governments themselves, giving them the ad-
| vantage, whatever it may be, of a full kuowl-
; edge of all our negotiations and of the means
we adopt in carrying them out.
The gentleman has, I doubt not, by pushing
his proposition thus far, accomplished his pur-
pose ; and he will, it seems to me, see on re-
flection that it is far better to let this matter
be administered as it always has been, even
if it were in his power to prevent this small
sum from being diverted in the manner which
he apprehends.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, in one respect
I certainly have "accomplished my purpose,"
to use the language of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] I
have succeeded in bringing to their feet two
of the ablest and most distinguished members
of the Administration party, who appear to be
exceedingly sensitive with reference to^ this
simple and harmless proposition to restrict to
some extent the disbursement of this money.
It is very evident, from their anxiety on this
question, that there is a design to disburse this
$100,000 in the attempt to acquire territory
contrary to the public opinion of the United
States and contrary to the expressed will of
the treaty-making power in the other end oi
the Capitol.
I am willing to respect the President's priv-
ileges with reference to the expenditure of
