614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
money for purposes of diplomacy or negotia-
tion with foreign nations. We never have
criticised expenditures of money in that direc-
tion. We never have required the Executive
to return to Congress a detailed statement of
these disbursements. I would not insult the
present President by asking him to do that.
But when we have a precedent directly in
point, when we know that a portion of this
contingent fund has been expended for a pur-
pose which certainly, to use the mildest phrase,
is not a legitimate expenditure 
Mr. DAWES. On what authority does the
gentleman make that statement?
Mr. WOOD. When we know such an ex-
penditure has been made, I can only say that
it is but right and proper that we should at
least interpose in this bill a prohibition against
a like offense.
Now, sir, I have no desire to press this
amendment. I do not wish to protract the
session of to-day by getting up a discussion of
these questions, as I am satisfied that, whatever
speeches might be made, the party on the other
side of the House would vote against me. But
I offer the amendment in good faith, desir-
ing to save the public money of the country;
desiring, to this small extentat least, to prevent
the extravagant and profligate expenditure of
the people's money by this Administration.
I want to restrict the objects for which this
stun shall be expended. And my whole mo-
tive in offering this amendment was, that if
money shall be expended in the attempt to
acquire San Domingo Congress shall vole it
directly for that purpose, and that money shall
not be taken secretly, privately, unbecomingly,
from appropriations voted for another object,
and applied to purposes which the people will
not tolerate and to which Congress itself will
wot directly vote it. We have recently passed
a joint resolution authorizing the President to
appoint commissioners in relation to San Do-
mingo. But the joint resolution declared that
the commissioners should receive no pay.
Congress was unwilling to trust the President
with the expenditure of large sums of money
for a purpose which we all know Congress
never will finally ratify. J am unwilling, there-
fore, that sums of money should be taken
from the Treasury surreptitiously for a purpose
which is against the wishes of the American
people and against the wishes of Congress.
Mr. DAWKS. I withdraw the formal amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. I renew it. I do it for the pur-
pose of snying a few words, following up what
tny colleague [Mr. Wood] has already said so
well, and adding one or two other suggestions.
1 do not believe in this secrecy which is ob-
served at the other end of our national Legis-
lature. 1 do not believe in secrecy as to treaties.
I believe in publicity as to everything affecting
the interests of the people of the United States.
I do not believe in any secret-service fund. 1
care not by whom such a fund lias been used in
times past, whether by Republicans, or Dem-
ocrats, or Whigs. There is no rational system
of accountability for such a fund. And it would
be a good thing if some distinguished man,
like the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] would initiate some measure to stop
this use of the public money in such a way that
the people do not know how it is used.
I do not believe the gentlemen on the other
side of the House have any reason to com-
plain of this side for any factious opposition to
measures sustaining the honor of the Govern-
ment at home or abroad. But I believe the
people will complain of us if we do not require
a strict administration of the funds they intrust
to us.
I am not willing, sir, from my knowledge of
the administration of the State Department, to
vote a secret-service fund to that Department.
1 am not willing to vote a secret-service fund
to this Administration, and I gave iny reasons
for that the other day. 1 stated to the House
that there was an addendum to the treaty about
San Domingo which was not copied or sent
to the Senate. Nobody here dai-ed challenge
my statement at the time. I repeat it now on
my responsibility as a Representative. San
Domingo was sold out by somebody to some-
body, and this commission which is now going
down there, goes in pursuauce of some plan
of jobbing which my friend from Massachu-
Mr. MAYNARD. I would be glad if my
friend from New York [Mr. Cox] would give
us the authority on which he makes that state-
ment. He cannot, of course, make it from his
own personal knowledge.
Mr. COX. I will give my authority. I will
tell my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
that the sweetest, kindest man I ever knew,
when on his death-bed, sent for me to tell
me that he had copied the treaty with refer-
ence to the acquisition of the island of San
Domingo, and that 
Mr. MAYNARD. I said that the gentle-
man from New York had no personal knowl-
edge. I meant to say he was not personally
participant in the transaction; he was not
speaking here as a witness, but he was speak-
ing as an advocate on testimony, and I wished
him to give that testimony.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is right in saying
that I was not a participant. I did not make
the bargain, and was not present when it was
made. I do not know whether Baez or Caz-
neau got lots, or who else did so. I do not
know how they were divided out in advance.
But I will say to the House, in some sort of
confidence, that if they will pass the resolution
1 offered, and send to the State Department
for that treaty, they will find out that when
they get San Domingo they will get a shell, as
my friend from New York [Mr. Wood] sug-
gested the other day—a shell without the oyster
or the pearl, and a rotten shell at that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] who first addressed the
committee asserted as a fact that a portion
of this secret-service fund has already been
devoted to the matter of purchasing San
Domingo. I asked him for his authority for
that statement. He has failed to give it. I
submit that he has no authority.
Mr. COX. i did not make that statement.
Mr. DAWES. I said the gentleman from
New York who first addressed the commit-
tee. I did not mean to say that the gentle-
man states what he does not think is so. He
will understand that. But I say that he has no
authority for that statement. I repeat that the
gentleman from New York, when called upon
to state his authority, has failed to state it,
from the fact that there is no authority for
the statement. It is a mistake.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I rise to a point of
order. As this opens an illimitable field of
debate, if it is to go on and is in order, I
desire we should understand what our sound-
ings are, and therefore I make the point of
order that a discussion on the San Domingo
question is not in order on this item of appro-
priation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must over-
rule the point of order. The amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] is a proviso limiting this appro-
priation so that no part of it shall be expended
for the purpose of acquiring San Domingo.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, whether San
Domingo will ultimately be purchased and
made a part of the United States it is not
proper to discuss upon this amendment. But
1 assure both the gentlemen from New York
that there will be no occasion, if that thing is
ever done, to resort to anything underhanded
or in the daik.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to answer the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who has stated
that he called upon me for evidence—-
Mr. DAWES. Wait till I get through, and
then I will give the gentleman an opportunity.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will give
me the floor I will prove what I say.
Mr. DAWES. There is no necessity for the
Administration to resort to anything but the
fairest and most open means, and those that
will stand the public judgment. I assure the
gentlemen from New York that they need have
no apprehension that this Administration will
involve itself in anything in respect to San
Domingo that will not abide the public judg-
ment and meet its approval. If it be for the
public good that the island of San Domingo in
part, or in whole, shall become a part of the
United States, it will be accomplished openly
and fairly, with the approval of the public judg-
ment. I say to the other gentleman from New
York, who has become wise above his genera-
tion in reference to this matter of the secret-
service fund, which he proposes now, for the
first time, to abolish altogether, that he pro-
poses to institute something new in the history
of this Government, something that it has been
found impossible to introduce up to this time ;
but there are those who are wiser in their gen-
eration than the children of light, even; and he
seems to have joined that numerous party in
this land ; and to it I turn him over.
Mr. BANKS. I lise to say that the appro-
priation proposed in this bill is precisely, to a
dollar, that which was voted last year, and
which has been voted every year. It has noth-
ing whatever to do with the purchase or acqui-
sition of San Domingo, or with the commission
to go there. It is the ordinary annual appro-
priation for the contingent expenses, as I un-
derstand. If there is a necessity for any small
sum of money in regard to the subject which
has been debated on both sides of the House,
it is quite possiole that Congress has already
provided for it. Two or three years ago Con-
gress voted an appropriation of $250,000, with
a view to a possible arrangement with the Gov-
ernment of San Domingo, and it was sustained
by gentlemen generally on the opposite side of
the House. 1 sustained it myself, knowing
that it was to be appropriated to that end. It
has never been expended ; and, for aught I
know, it still remains within the control of the
State Department. It would be better for the
gentlemen on the other side to introduce a bill
to repeal that appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Does the
gentleman say that none of that money lias
ever been expended in San Domingo?
Mr. BANKS. I do not say it has not; but
I think it has not.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think it has.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; it was sent to San
Domingo to conclude an arrangement which
the Government had made with the Govern-
ment of San Domingo; but, as the gentleman
will recollect, the arrangement failed, and the
money was not paid. But 1 do not mean to
discuss this San Domingo question at all,
because it has no proper relation to this ap-
propriation. This is the annual or ordinary
appropriation for contingent expenses : that
which is necessary to the Government; that
which has always been accorded under all
Administrations. It is not probable that one
single dollar of it will go to the payment of
any expenses connected with the commission
to or the acquisition of San Domingo.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We better
first dispose of this matter.
Mr. SARGEN F. Let us have a vote on the
pending amendment.
Ihe question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Kelsey ; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Allisox reported
that, according to order, the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration the state of the Union
