1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
fore ordered a full inventory of all their goods and
effooH for the purpose of assessment of duty, in case
the said last established line shall be recognized as
the true boundary.
I would, therefore, in view of these facts, respect-
fully request instructions in the premises, and beg
to be advised as to which of the two different lines
established I am to recognize as the true boundary
lino tor customs revenue purposes.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. C. STOKER, Collector,
Hon. Secretary of the Treasury,
Washington, D. C.
Mr. SWANN. Now, sir, it will bo perceived
by this official letter that something will have
to be done promptly by this House in order to
instruct our officers at tbat point as to the
jurisdiction of the President of the United
States over the territory claimed by the Uni-
ted Slates under this conjectural line. Seeing
the delicacy of the position in which this Gov-
ernment was placed, the State Department
communicated with our ministerin Great Brit-
ain,'with instructions that he should commu-
nicate with the Government there, apprising
them of this new discovery ; and I hold in my
hand, sir, the correspondence which took
place on the subjcct between the State Depart-
ment and the authorities of Great Britain.
There is a letter here, sir, from Mr. Motley to
Earl Granville, informing him of this discov-
ery, and also a further communication from
Sir Kdward Thornton to Mr. Davis, acting
Secretary of State, which, with the permission
of the Speaker, X will beg leave to read for
the information of the House :
Sir Edward Thornton to Mr. Davis.
WisnrKfiTOX, February i, 1870.
Sir: The Governor General of Canada has com-
municated to ins a copy of a letter addressed to the
Canadian Government by the lieutenant governor
of the province of Manitoba, in which he states that
a small force has been sent to the Hudson Bay fort
at Pembina, for the protection of boatscomingdown
tho Ited river with goods. At the time he wrote
(September 29) the force was encamped about half
a mile to tho north of the fort.
Lieutenant Governor Archibald goes on to say
that it appears that about the year 1850 the present
General (then Captain) Pope, under authority from
the United Slates Government, took observations to
fix the exact spot where the forty-ninth parallel of
latitude crosscd the Red liver, and after spending
several days on this service, erected a post on the
bank of the river to mark the spot.
This post is about a quarter of a mile to the south
of the Hudson Bay Company's fort, and is still
standing.
Sometime about 1860 the people of Pembina erected
another post on tho river about a mile to tho north
of tho first post.
A man from the Red river settlement had put up
a house close to the boundary lino and was carrying
ou a trade in whisky which was smuggled into the
village of Pembina, and this post was put up and
the local authorities claimed jurisdiction to it so as
to drive the party away. Itwas known bythename
of the whisky post.
Last spring a corps of engineers were sent out by
tho united States Government to lay off a military
reserve in the neighborhood of tho boundary lino,
and a series of observations was made to fix the par-
allel. Eventually they put up a post which is about
half way between theoriginal post and the so-called
" whisky post," but at such a point as to throw the
Hudson Bay Company's Jort into the territory of
theUmted States.
Whether the post which was erected last spring is
on the forty-ninth parallel or not can easily be ver-
ified; but in the mean time it would be very desir-
able that tho small force now in that neighborhood
should remain there for the proteetion of persons
andthesecurityofthemails. The only shelter, how-
ever, which they can find is in the Hudson Bay
Company's fort. The Governor General has there-
fore forwarded a request from the Canadian Gov-
ernment that I would confer with the Secretary of
State as to the expediency of allowing the boundary
line which was run by Captain Pope to be consid-
ered as the boundary for the present, until the real
boundary is ascertained and finally settled, so that
the Hudson Bay post maybe used as a shelter dur-
ing the winter; for they consider that it is in the
interests of the inhabitants on both sides of the line
thatordershould be preserved on tho frontier, which
result can beet be obtained by a body of troops of
both nations being stationed in its vicinity.
1 have therefore the honor to ask that this pro-
posal may be taken into consideration, and to ex-
press a hope that the Government of the United
States will view it favorably.
HOWARD THORNTON.
Mr. Speaker, in response to that communi-
cation the Secretary of State was authorized
by the Presideut of the United States to accept
the proposition that this conjectural, experi-
mental line should remain and should be rec-
ognized by both Governments until a joint high
commission could be appointed to settle the
whole question.
Now, that is the whole case as presented to
this House. It is a question of territory. It
is a question of jurisdiction ; for it is very evi-
dent, Mr. Speaker, that the President of the
United States will not be able to give protec-
tion to our citizens unless this line is estab-
lished, unless it is ascertained whether or not
this territory in dispute is the territory of the
United States or not; and therefore I say, sir,
that the application made by the President of
the United States to this House for the appoint-
ment of a high commission to settle this whole
question is a matter of the highest import-
ance, of so much importance that I was aston-
ished the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] should have thrown any
difficulty in the way of the prompt action of
the House on the subject. That is all I have
to say, Mr. Speaker, in regard to the question
as it stands before this House upon the appli-
cation of the President of the United States.
Now, the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has thought proper in
the course of his remarks upon this subject to
say that the expense of this commission would,
in all probability, reach $2,000,000. I am quite
aware, Mr. Speaker, that the distance to be
traversed by this commission will not be less
than eight hundred and sixty miles, passing
through a rough, mountainous, and unsettled
country. But I hold in my hand a correct, as
I believe, and a just and fair estimate, based
upon the professional information of the en-
gineer department, of the total cost of this
survey, if it is authorized by this House. I
hold in my hand, sir, a communication from
Major General Humphreys, at the head of
the engineer department, who gives here in
detail the cost of this survey. Now, sir, I do
not pretend to know upon what ground my
honorable friend from Massachusetts based his
information when he threw out the conjecture
that this survey would cost the Government
upward of two millions of money. If you
look, sir, at the details of this estimate, made at
the instance of the State Department, you will
find that it foots up a total cost of $102,140.
Supposing that this survey may take not less
than three years, it is estimated that the aggre-
gate cost, including office duty which would
be required to make up the details, would not
exceed the sum I have stated, §102,140.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it i3 utterly impossible
that this House can undertake to say how this
commission shall be organized. This House
cannot undertake to say what is to be the
probable expense of astronomers, mathema-
ticians, surveyors, and skilled mechanics of
various sorts who it will be seen from an
examination of this report will be required in
the execution of this delicate duty. The only
course open to the President of the United
States was to call upon the engineer depart-
ment for an estimate. And it is fortunate for
him and fortunate for this House that we have
in the department a man of high reputation,
not only here in the city of Washington, but
throughout the whole country, as a skilled and
practical engineer. There is no other mode
by which the President of the United States
could have gained this information. And I
venture to say that if my honorable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] were called
upon to-morrow to organize a commission and
to say what was proper to be done, how many
astronomers should be employed, how many
mathematicians should be employed, how
many skilled mechanics should be employed,
I think he jvould fiud himself very much at
fault. I do not believe any gentleman in this
House is competent to say how this commis-
sion should be organized, and what salaries
should be authorized to be paid to these pro-
fessional men who may be employed, unless
they possess the skill and experience and
knowledge of an engineer officer, such as the
fentleman who has signed this estimate which
as been submitted to the consideration of
the House.
I do not see, sir, that there is any extrava-
gance whatever in this estimate. I think it
has been based upon just principles. And I
think the House will find, when they come to
examine into these details, that no more has
been asked for under the estimate of this en-
gineer by the President of the United States
or the authorities of the State Department
than is necessary to complete this work, [t
was proposed originally to recommend the
appropriation of $300,000 necessary to com-
plete this work. But in order to meet some
of the difficulties of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and the suggestion of another hon-
orable friend on the other side of the House,
the committee have agreed, so as not, to bear
too heavily on the exhibit which is shortly to
be made by my honorable friend, to reduce
the appropriation asked for to $"100,000 during
the present year, to be continued from year to
year until the survey is completed.
Now, Mp. Speaker, I will say here that so
far as the gentleman objects to this paltry
appropriation upon the ground that he desires
to make a favorable impression upon this
House and upon the country when he comes
to present his budget, I hope he will not be
listened to by the House. I regretted to hear
the gentleman say that his budget would show
an excess, a very large excess, over the ex-
penditure of last year. I was sorry to hear
that statement coming from my honorable
friend, because T had hoped, from the great
vigor which he had displayed heretofore in
keeping down the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment, he would not'have found it necessary
to oppose this recommendation of the Admin-
istration, to oppose his own President in re-
gard to this paltry appropriation of $100,000,
in order to make a satisfactory exhibit.
Sir, I have sustained that gentleman here-
tofore in all efforts on his part, and in all the
approaches which he has made in his discus-
sion before this House, to reduce the enorm-
ous expenditures of this Government. The
other day the honorable gentleman rose in hn
place and stated to this House that he had
an exhibit to make of a startling character in
regard to a celebrated case which has occupied
the attention of the whole country—I mean the
Chorpenning case—in which a representative
of my own State, who is occupying a position
as one of the constitutional advisers of the
President of the United States, was about to
alienate $450,000 of the public money, when,
according to the exhibit made here by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, not one "red
cent"' was due, and the claim v.us without
any authority, as he showed by the lucid ex-
position which he made before the House and
by the figures which he submitted. When he
made that exhibit here I sustained him and
applauded him. .1 thought it was a move in
the right direction. I only regret that he did
not go further. I only regiet, Mr. SpeuK"..
that he did not go to the President of the
United States and represent to him the enorm-
ity of that transaction ; for I say. sir, that the
retention of such a man in the Cabinet of the
President of the United States has been
viewed with profound astonishment, if not
disgust, by the people of the whole country.
And when my honorable friend at tho fast
session of Congress undertook to show the
errors in the estimates of the Post Office
Department and the Navy Department, esti-
mates, sir, which varied millions of dollars,
and showed the great inaccuracy and inatten-
tion which prevailed in those Departments, I
sustained him to the very utmost extent of
my power and influence in this House. If the
gentlemen would go into these Departments,
it he would look at the enormous expendi-
tures that are now startling the people, if ho
would exert his power upon the corruptions
which are now rife here, not only at the seat
