1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1441
of Government but throughout the public
offices of this country, he would find that in
the course of a very short time he would be
able to make a far more satisfactory exhibit
in the budget which he is about to present to
this House than by putting his veto upon this
paltry appropriation of $100,000 for the pur-
pose of fixing the boundaries of the United
States, in order that the President may know
his jurisdiction and the territory which, of right
belongs to the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I have promised my friends
upon the other side of the House a portion of
my time. I would like to discuss this matter
further, and I would like to reassure the gen-
tleman in closing my remarks, that in what-
ever propositions he may make here to reduce
the expenditures of this Government he will
always receive from me that cordial support
which I feel myself bound to give as one of
the Representatives of the people of this coun-
try. I now yield fifteen minutes to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, when this mat-
ter was before the House on Friday I was
proceeding to comment upon the character of
this appropriation, when I was taken off the
floor by a misunderstanding upon my part about
the manner in which I held it. I had said
then that I concurred with the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swajjn] as to the propriety of
ascertaining this boundary line, but that 1 felt
that the appropriation asked for by this com-
mittee was too large; and I did desire, whether
properly or improperly it is not forme to say,
that the House should cut down the appropri-
ation to some smaller sum, or, if possible, post-
pone'the appropriation for this purpose to some
future period. I had said that this was an old
question that we had been fifteen years at
work for the establishment of this line, which
ought to have been done in one year. There
is not a man conversant with the nature of this
work, I venture to say, and I am corroborated
by the statement of General Humphreys in the
paper read by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, who will not say that the whole thing
should have been completed within one year;
and, judging from the experience of the past,
I said to the House that I ventured to say that
unless some limitations were put upon this
expenditure it would reach nearly two million
dollars before the work was completed. I sub-
mit now by the courtesy of the gentleman from
Maryland the reasons why I came to thatcon-
clusion.
We set about this work in 1856, fifteen years
ago. We appropriated that year for this pur-
pose $71,000; the next year we appropriated
$94,000; the next year $94,000; the next
year $173,000; the next year $150,000, and
then, by the strenuous efforts of my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] who does
not now seem to be in his seat, and others,
we cut off this appropriation and put in a bill
that the work should cease; and we kept
it off for four years. Then in 1865, it was
renewed again, arid $13,250 was appropriated
upon the representation that they wanted to
finish up their office work. The next year
they got $13,110; and the next year they got
$28,070; making for fifteen years' work, upon
a line that should have been completed in
one year, the round sum of $650,400. And
when in 1869 we gave them $13,600 more,
which I have not included in this aggregate, and
told them that must be the end of the work,
then and after that, in 1870, they discovered
that it is all a miss-fire from beginning to end.
Now, that there is another private interest
that haa sprung up there, and another gigantic
corporation sweeping in eighty miles in width
of the land from one end to the other of that
whole country, they discover that this line
must be all run over again ; and my distin-
guished friend from Maryland [Mr. Swann]
reports here a proposition to appropriate an-
nually, for all time, $100,000 for this work.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 91.
On Friday, however, the gentleman was com-
pelled to strike out the words " per annum,"
so as to leave the proposition now one to make
an appropriation for this year only of $100,000.
This is done upon an estimate which calls for
$102,000 for the work of running this line,
and $213,000 for office work, after the work
of running this line is finished. That makes
$1,000,000, less $25,000, for the running of a
line that should have been completed in one
year, and which 'would have been completed,
and have slept in quiet and in peace, ifit had
not been for the uprising of private interests,
to cover all that grand tract of territory, an
empire of itself, and bring it within the con-
trol of one vast corporation. That is why I
felt like saying something on Friday last, and
which my distinguished friend on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Swank] thought
I had no business to say, because it was not a
bill coming from my own committee.
There is one point more to which I willrefer.
I think that because we have discovered at
Pembina, at a single point there, that there is
a mistake in the line, that is no reason why we
should now appropriate this large sum to un-
dertake the work of running the line anew from
one end to the other. Since the communica-
tion from the President things have changed
entirely in reference to our relations with Great
Britain. A high commission is about to sit in
this city, to which the gentleman alluded on
Friday, and this question, where that line was
in 1856, where it may be to-day, is fast ceas-
ing to be of consequence; and almost before
we get this joint resolution passed it will be a
question whether it will be of the slightest
consequence in the world "where that line is
now. Events, the knowledge of which was not
before the President when he made his com-
munication, have occurred, which make it more
than probable that there will be no occasion |
whatever for determining whether at Pembina i
the line be in one spot or in another.
Therefore, I suggest to my friend from Mary-
land [Mr. Swanx] whether it would not be
better to postpone this appropriation for this
session altogether; and if, after the sitting of
this high commission, it then becomes neces-
sary to ascertain whether at Pembina it be
true or not that these fifteen years' work, at a
cost already of $650,000, has got to be undone,
then, more intelligently, and with the precise
necessity before us, we will appropriate enough
to disclose to the world whether that great
point—"strategical point," I believe, is the
phrase—whether that point be so many feet
this side or so many feet the other side of
this line. But to appropriate $100,000 now,
and $200,000 more for office work, upon a
work that has been going on for fifteen years
at an expenseof $650,000, I think even.my
friend from Maryland [Mr. Swank] may con-
sider it worth while for us to hesitate about,
and to study the propriety of curtailing esti-
mates, and not taking them in gross, just as
they come from Departments, which are some-
times actuated by the rule that they are to be
cut down, and they estimate for the expected
reduction as well as for actual expenditure.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly ; I hold the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman.
Mr. SWANN. I would ask the gentleman
whether or not he thinks that the result of the
deliberations of this high commission will be
to cede the territory of Canada to the United
States V
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman of course has
just as much knowledge upon that point as I
myself have. But pending the deliberations
of this high commission, before which come
all these questions, can we not postpone with
entire safety the appropriation of any money
for ascertaining where Pembina is?
Mr. SWANN. Then I want to ask the gen-
tleman if, whether he does or does not expect
that Canada is to be ceded to the United States,
it would not be necessary for this Government
under any circumstances to run that boundary
line ?
Mr. DAWES. I think it will be ultimately
necessary, if nothing is changed by the high
commission, for us to ascertain the grand fact
where Pembina is. But that whole matter
will go into and cannot be kept out of the
deliberation of that high commission. Does
the gentleman expect that there are to be
counted out so many dollars, and that they ore
to be rolled into our Treasury in kegs, J'or
the damages inflicted by the Alabama and
other cruisers? For myself, I expect some
other settlement.
Mr. SWANN. I now yield to the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. And I yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Jdbd,] my colleague
on the committee, for five minutes.
Mr. JUDD. My friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] in his zeal for economy has
made a mistake in his statement of the prop-
osition embraced in this joint resolution, and
has based his entire argument upon it. If
he had read the resolution and the message
of the President as carefully as he ought to
have read them he never woqld have stated
to the House that this is a proposition for an
appropriation to resurvey the line upon the
survey of which so much money has already
been expended. Let me call his attention
and the attention of the House to what the
President says:
" I deem it important, however, that this part of
the boundary line should be definitely fixed by a
joint commission of the two Governments, and I
submit herewith estimates of the expense of such a
commission on the part of the United States, and
recommend that an appropriation he made for that
purpose. The land boundary
I call the attention of the House to the mes-
sage of the President and the contents of the
bill, to show that the argument of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations does not
apply to it—
" The land boundary has already "been fixed and
marked from the summit of the Kooky mountains
to the Georgian bay. It should now be, in like man-
ner, marked from the Lake of the Woodis to thesum-
mit of the Eoeky mountains."
This resolution follows exactly the language
of the President, directing upon what portion
of that line the survey is to be made. Hence
all the argument based upon the alleged ex-
travagance in former expenditures has no bear-
ing upon this question.
But I am not prepared to concede that
there was any extravagance in the former ex-
penditures; and gentlemen will appreciate
the expense that must necessarily have been
incurred, when they reflect for a moment upon
the almost boundless extent of uninhabited
territory where this dividing line was to be
established. I am not ready to subscribe to
the statement that the appropriations hereto-
fore made for that portion of the line already
established have been extravagant. Why, sir,
this boundary line between two great nations
extends across a continent.
Does the gentleman tell me that there will
be no necessity for this survey by reason of
some action that is to be taken by the high
commission shortly to convene in this city?
If he can assure us of the fact that we are to
acquire that part of the British dominions in
which this territory is included, I will go with
him or anybody else in rejecting any appro-
priations for the survey of this boundary line.
But if it is a mere guess on his part, I say that
our dignity as a nation, our rights in connec-
tion with the revenue, all our interests, require
that the Government officials and the people
should know the location of this boundary.
How idle to deprecate the importance of set-
tling this question! Suppose it did cost mil-
lions, it would be millions properly expended,
not wasted. Is such au expenditure to be
