r8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Amnesty—Mr. Butler.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
•was the leniency and magnanimity of Senators
toward the mistakes, shortcomings, andindis-
crstions of their inexperienced associates. I
soon learned, too, that notwithstanding great
a-d often excited differences of opinion and
sentiment, all were ready to recognize and
respect sincerity of conviction and honesty
of purpose ; and I took courage'and went for-
ward. My record here is made up and is not
now open to amendment. With all its imper-
fections I leave it to the Senate and my con-
stituents. So far as it evinces a heart bound
by every tie to my country, to humanity, and to
freedom, there is not a lineof it which, dying,
I would wish to blot. But so far as it presents
the workings of a mind obeying the impulses
of that heart, I can only mourn that I had not
more and better of intellectual power to give
to so glorious a cause.
I go hence, as many have before, and as
many will hereafter, to swell the long roll of
the forgotten. But to him who has striven
faithfully before God and man to do his duty
in his station, futurity has no remorse, oblivion
no terror. His record here may be defaced
with manifold errors, but through them all
will shine forth the honest purpose of an up-
right heart; and though by man such a record
may be forgotten, there is One by whom it
will be held in remembrance, even when sen-
ates, republics, and nations shall have ceased
to be. Humbly I say it, but with sincerity, I
have tried here, as I had elsewhere, to make
a record as a public man which could, at least,
bear the scrutiny of the great and patriotic
party to which I belong, and which I might
not dread to meet where a higher than human
judgment decides infallibly and without ap-
peal. It is for you, Senators, to say how near
J have come to the former; with the higher
forum is the solution of the latter and greater
problem. But my hope is that at either bar
the verdict, if not all that ambition might
crave, may at least be in some such words, as
these: In every struggle of his country with
the spirit of rebellion and treason, in every
uprising of human rights against the despotism
of slavery and caste, in every conflict of his
party with open foes and treacherous friends,
he was "faithful found among the faithless."
Amnesty.
SPEECH OP HON. B. P. BUTLER,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
December 14, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 2523) for full and general grace,amnesty,
and ofelivion of all wrongful acts, doings, or omis-
sions of all persons engaged in the war of the late
rebellion—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker: No more important subject
has been or will be presented to Congress at
this session than the one now before you. As
the bill is a little complicated, with a great
many considerations as well of law as of fact,
I propose fully to open it to the House, and
then ask the judgment of members upon it. I
therefore ask that I may not be interrupted in
the line of thought and explanation which I
shall pursue, and which I shall endeavor so to
condense as to give time in my hour thereafter
for answer to any question that may be asked.
The first proposition to which I wish to call
the attention of the House is the difference
between pardon and amnesty. There have
been no more fruitful subjects of error than
these. I also wihh to call attention to the
difference between amnesty and removal of
political disabilities. Generally, when the term
"amnesty" has been used, it has been only a
measure for the removal of political disabili-
ties, as though there were no other questions or
difficulties left of the war than that. As a defi-
nition of "pardon," I give the words of Chief
Justice Marshall, in 7 Peters, page 160:
" A pardon is an act of grace proceeding from the
power intrusted with the execution of the laws which
exempts the individual on whom it is bestowed from
the punishment the law inflicts for a crime he has
committed. It is the private though official act of
the executive magistrate,delivered totheindividual
for whose benefit it is intended, and not communi-
cated officially to the court."
Now, what is "amnesty?" I read from Bou-
vier's Law Dictionary;
" Amnesty, government. An act of oblivion of past
offenses, granted by the Government to those who
have been guilty of any neglect or crime, usually
upon condition that they return to theirduty within
a ccrtain period." * * ** * * * *
"Amnesty and pardon are very different. The
former is an act of the sovereign power, theobject of
which is to efface and to cause to be forgotten a crime
or misdemeanor; the latter is au act of the same
authority, which exempts theindividual on whom it
is bestowed from the punishment the law inflicts for
the crime he has committed. Amnesty is the abolition
and forgetfulness of the offense; pardon is forgive-
ness. A pardon is given to one who is certainly guilty,
or has been convicted; amnesty, to those who may
have been so.".
The Constitution of the United States makes
the same distinction. It puts in the power of
the Executive to grant reprieves and pardons.
It does not put within the power of the Exec-
utive to grant amnesty. Amnesty can only be
proclaimed by the Executive in accordance
with an act of Congress. And this distinction
was well known by the Government from whom
we derived so many of our laws, in that land
from which we derived so many of our insti-
tutions. More than once England has been
called upon to act on this question. In 17-47,
after that rebellion around the' heroes of
which Scott has thrown the halo of his inimit-
able romance; after the rebellion of 1745, it
was_ found necessary in England to have an
amnesty bill passed similar in principle to the
one I have laid upon your table. And the
amnesty bill 1 have drawn, and which is before
you, is drawn, mutatis mutandis, upon the the-
ory of that bill. By the fifty-second chapter
of the twentieth year of George II, a. D. 1747,
an act was passed for the king's most gracious,
general, and free pardon j the reason for the
act being that the king claimed the right to
grant individual pardons, pardons by name,
but general pardons were granted in later years
by Parliament. And it may not be unin-
structive to read the preamble to this act:
"The king's most excellent Majesty having already
showed his royal inclination to mercy by many par-
ticular instances of grace, to such as had rendered
themselves obnoxious to the laws and subject to the
highest penalties by being concerned m the late un-
natural rebellion; and his Majesty being desirous
of quieting the minds of his subjects in general, hath,
upon mature deliberation, resolved and determined |
to grant his general and free pardon, in a large and
bountiful manner; not doubting but that, however
it may be received by those who are obstinately bent
on the ruin of their country, it will raise a due sense
of gratitude in all who have been artfully misled into
treasonable practices against his person and Govern-
ment, and preserve them and others from standing
m need of the like mercy for the future, when such
clemency may not be so expedientfor the public wel-
fare as it would be agreeable to his Majesty's incli-
nations, ami hoping that all his subjects by this act
of grace will be induced henceforth more carefully ,
to observe the laws and live in a loyal and dutiful
obedience to his Majesty; therefore hisMajestv is
well pleased and contented that itbe enacted by'the
authority of this present Parliament."
Then follows the enactment and shows you
how sweeping its requirements are. After going
through every possible crime, it provides—
//That all cities, boroughs, shires, stewartries,
ridings, hundreds, lathes, rapes, wapentakes, towns,
villages, hamlets, and tythings, and every of them,
shall be by the authority of this present Parliament
acquitted, paidoned, released, anddischarged against
the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and every
of them, of and from all and ail manner of treasons,
iolonics, treasonable and seditious words or libels,
leasing makings, misprisions of felony,seditious and
unlawful meetings and conventicles, and all offenses
whereby any person maybe charged with the danger
and penalty of p-omunlre ; and also of and from all !
riots, routs, offenses, contempts, trespass, entries, i
wrongs, deceits, misdemeanors, forfeitures, penal- i
ties, and sums of money, pains of death, pains cor-
poral and pains pecuniary,;and generally ©f and from
ail other things, causes, quarrels, suits, judgments,
and executions in this present act hereafter not ex-
cepted or foreprized; which may bo or can be by his
Majesty in any wise or by any means pardoned, and
have been had, made, done, committed, omitted, per -
petrated, incurred, or forfeited before and unto the
15th day of June, A. I). 1747."
Then it goes on including everything that had
been done so as to give every man free and
full amnesty. It provides for certain excep-
tions, first by class and then by name. In that
regard, for legal reasons, your committee have
followed the precedent in drawing this bill.
Among the exceptions there is also excepted
out of this act of the king's pardon 4'all vio-
lations of the privileges of embassadors, and
other upon public ministers of foreign princes
and States." There is also excepted out of this
pardon—
"All and every person and persons of the nwne
and clan of McGregour, mentioned and intewded in
and by an act of Parliament made in Scotland in the
first Parliament of the late King Charles I, anrnt
the clan Gregour, whatever name or designation he
or they may have, or do assume or commonly pats
under."
Again, to show how carefully they went on
with their exceptions, there is excepted win-
ever made any proposition for having a Fretvh
army invade Great Britain. That was thought
too high a crime to be pardoned. And neat,
all offenses are excepted committed by cerrain
popish priests. And then, among other excep-
tions, it excepts by name, " Charles, Earl of
Traquair ? Alexander, Earl of Kellie; Hubert
McCarty, styling himself Earl of Clancarty ;'T
and so on, covering two pages of this book
with names. It then provides that this-act shall
be of as good force and effect to pardon and
discharge all and singular the premises above
mentioned and intended to be pardoned and
discharged, as well against such person or per-
sons, bodies politic and corporate, as do or shall
claim the same by or under any letters-patent,
or lease, or grant by the king's majesty or any
of his predecessors as against the king's majesty
himself; so that we see exactly what our ances-
tors found it necessary to do when they under-
took to bring together the adherents of King
James and the people of King George. The
English Parliament pardoned everybody by
one sweeping general clause, so that nobody-
should be overlooked in the pardon. They then
proceeded to except out those that they desired
to have kept out of the pardon. So here, in
our first section, we have recited every class
of persons and every act done or omitted, and
then have pardoned, amnestied, spread the
mantle of oblivion and forgiveness over every-
thing done during the war, as well on the one
side as on the other. You will see that all
quarrels, sins, omissions, commissions, that
everythingis covered by the mantle of oblivion?
so that we may have peace.
I would, for one, that the state of the loy-
alty and obedience to the laws in the southern
country was to-day such that we could with
safety strike out all after that first section, and
the second section, which carries the first into
effect. But such is not the fact or condition,
in my belief, and in the belief of the majority
of the committee who have reported this bill.
Therefore we have made certain exceptions.
Let me repeat, in order that there may be no
misunderstanding, that we have swept out
everything in the first section that has been
done wrong by everybody on the one Ma as
well as on the other, so that no more suiis can
be brought for acts done or committed in the
war either against those who warred m behalf of
the United btates or those who wjirred against
the United State-. Many of the officer* of
the United States—all the military officer-
are today protected by acts in their h- half
similar to this. ^None of tin; confederate offi-
cers are protected. Therefore we see suim
pending against them to day. There a .-nit
