18?0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sbss.
Amnesty—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
■which has just been decided against General
Pillow for taking a quantity of coal in Nash-
ville for the confederate army. If he had been
in the Federal Army, as the laws stand now,
not only would he have been protected, but
if a suit had been decided against him the
United States would step in and indemnify
him. The intention in this bill has been to
have general amnesty, and to save from
trouble and vexation everything that happened
during the war except the exceptions.
Now, let me say right here that this bill
leaves all the excepted cases but one, and that
is in regard to the national cemeteries, just
where they are now. It imposes no new pains,
no new penalties, but simply does not take any
pains or penalties from those excepted cases
with which they are burdened. It leaves those
excepted cases just where they are ; therefore
the action of the bill is to give the great mass
of the people of the South full amnesty; to
throw the mantle of oblivion, as I have said
before, over all that has happened ; but it is
deemed necessary to make exceptions ; it has
always been deemed necessary in every civilized
country to hold up for reprobation and example
certain great and leading criminals in all rebel-
lions and in all public wrongs; and therefore we
have excepted out those classes of men who
have stood forth as the leaders. And why
should they not be excepted ? They played
for empire and lost; let them take the penal-
ties of the loss. Therefore they are held by
this bill just where they are. I will examine
those exceptions in detail by and by.
The second section of the bill is a very long
one. It involves many considerations, but its
object and bearing can be explained in a word.
It provides machinery adapted, under our com-
plex system of State and national judiciaries and
laws, to prevent suits being carried on either by
confederates against a Federal officer or by a
Union man against a confederate officer or
confederate neighbor, or vice versa. We all
know—no one better than those in the border
States, the State of Tennessee, for instance—
that there are there to-day hundreds, I might
almost say thousands, of suits pending in the
Union counties by the Union men against con-
federates, and, vice versa, in confederate coun-
ties suits by the confederates against Union
men. Why, to-day there is a member of this
House, a gallant officer in the war, who is sued
for the sum of $40,000 in damages in Tennes-
see for killing a major in the confederate army
in warl His sergeant and provost are joined
in the same suit. And this officer has got to
defend himself. His suit is to-day before six
judges, four of whom cannot take the required
oath under the Constitution, and you can judge
what chance he stands. There are hundreds
of such suits on all sides; every one attempts,
according to his malice, to vex his neighbor in
this way.
This second section is intended to cut up all
these difficulties, root and branch. We of the
Union Army, and the cotton agents who went
down to collect cotton, are now protected by law
from such suits; but the United States are
called upon to expend large sums of money in
defending them. It is proposed by this section
to stop that entire class of litigation, and there-
fore the bill provides that when suit is brought
for any act covered by this amnesty in a State
court it shall be at once removed from that
court to a United States court, and when in the
United States court, it shall then be dismissed
if found to be for an act covered by this law,
with the right of appeal to the Supreme Court,
and which, if found groundless, will come to
au end there. There is no other way in which
we can accomplish the purpose, in view of the
unfriendly attitude of some of the courts. We
cannot legislate directly in reference to the State
courts, but we can legislate to remove any class
of causes affecting the public welfare of the
United States to the Federal courts, and when
we have removed a suit into a Federal court
we can make such disposition of it as weplease.
This can be constitutionally done, because ithas
been held from the first that it is always within
the constitutional power of Congress to put an
end to litigation by taking away all remedy.
No one knows better than my eloquent col-
league on the Judiciary Committee from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] who drew the bill for the pro-
tection of Union officers so carefully and so
well, that there needs to be a great deal of
verbiage in that section which might otherwise
seem unnecessary, in order to deal with un-
friendly courts; because there are courts in
the southern States, where the judges have been
in the rebel army, before whom may come the
cases of men who have been their companions
in arms seeking redress from a Union man
for some wrong supposed to be done the plain-
tiff during the war, and such a judge might
refuse to let such a suit go to the United States
court when he once had jurisdiction. We have
therefore made very strong penalties in this
section to meet such contingencies; but in
Spite of its stringency there is a gentleman
from the South now in my eye who does not
think they are stringent enough to get the suits
out of the hands of southern judges if they are
disposed to hold on to them. But on that point
1 have exhausted all my knowledge and ingenu-
ity, and if any one else can suggest any improve-
ment I shall be glad to hear it.
.The object of that section is simply to cut
up vexatious neighborhood quarrels, contro-
versies, and law-suits, growing out of the rebel-
lion, which are fruitful of ill-feeling, and are
generally stirred up by those who have some
spirit of vengeance to gratify. Before passing
from this second section let me call attention
to the latter part of it, which provides that in
United States courts no man shall set up the
part a man has taken in the rebellion to oust
him from justice if he has an otherwise just
claim.
Mr. BECK. That amendment was offered
in the Committee on Reconstruction, and was
agreed to by that committee, but it was not
read as a part of this bill.
Mr. BCJTLBR, of Massachusetts. It is a
part of the bill, and if it has not been read I
will now read it myself.
"And whenever any suit or proceedings, civil or
criminal, at laworin equity,sha.ll involve a.n inquiry
into any of the offenses enumerated in the first sec-
tion hereof, this act shall be adjudged to be an act
of amnesty and oblivion for all such offenses, and
such cause shall proceed, and judgment shall be
rendered as if no such offense had been committed,
except as hereinafter excepted."
I come now to the third section, and I ob-
serve that the third sectiou of this bill excepts
the following classes of persons, and the rights,
titles, and causes of action and matters here-
inafter set forth.
It excepts, first, whoever, having been edu-
cated at the Military Academy at West Point,
or the Naval School at Annapolis, shall have
engaged in the rebellion and insurrection
against the United States, or given aid and
comfort to the enemies thereof.
It will be observed by the House that this bill
excepts only those naval officers who have been
educated at Annapolis, and those military offi-
cers who have been educated at West Point
at the expense of the country. W e thought
that the crime of treason in those who had
received their education under the flag of the
country and at the expense of the country was
more heinous than that of those who had not,
but who had entered the military or naval ser-
vice from civil life.
The second exception embraces " whoever,
having been a member of either House of Con-
of the United States, shall have engaged
in rebellion against the same, or given aid and
comfort to the enemies thereof, and whoever
was a member of the so-called confederate
congress."
The third exception embraces " whoever
shall have held the office of head of one of the
Executive Departments of the Government of
the United States, or minister plenipotentiary,
or minister resident, or judge of any court un-
der the United States, and sh^ll have engaged
in rebellion or insurrection against the same,
or given aid and comfort to the enemies thereof;
and whoever shall have held either of the like
offices under the so-called confederate States."
We do not impose upon any of these classes
any new burdens ; we only say we will not. et
tbem up, but leave them where they are, 5y
excepting them from the operation of this bi 11.
The fourth exception embraces "whoever,
as a member of a convention, shall have votid
for or signed any ordinance of secession of a ly
State, or whoever shall have held the office >f
Governor of such State while the same was in
rebellion." I was amused the other day to see
a newspaper criticism upon this bill, that it
proposed to except everybody who had votsd
for an ordinance of secession ; and as almcsfc
all the people of the southern States had vot td
for an ordinance of secession, it except sd
nearly everybody in those States. The cri ic
forgot to observe the words " as a member nf
a convention," which make quite a differe it
proposition.
Another exception embraces "whoever, whi e
in the service of the so-called confederate StatCrf,
treated with cruelty, or otherwise than accord-
ing to the usages of war, any prisoner of war
held by authority of the so-called confederate
States."
Another embraces "whoever, having charge
and custody of the public moneys of the United
States, intrusted to them between said dates,
have not duly accounted for and paid over the
same; and whoever shall have embezzled or
secreted public stores, public goods, chattels,
moneys, provisions, or military and naval prop-
erty of the United States."
Another embraces "all deserters from the
Army and Navy of the United States, and all
bounty-jumpers." I saw another newspaper
criticism yesterday. It said that there are a
great many men who are marked as deserters,
but who are not really deserters, who would be
affected by this bill. I agree that there are
many such men. But this exception does m>t
touch them one way or the other. We only
say that we do not in this bill legislate for that
class of men. We do not intend to amnesty, to
cast a mantle over one actual deserter, but we
leave deserters exactly where the law finds
them now. If any are deserters they are not
touched by this bill; if any are not deserters
they are not touched by this bill. This hill
simply excepts them from its operation. I
repeat, that so far as persons are embraced in
these exceptions they are left to general laws,
the same as if this bill never should pass.
The eighth exception embraces " all prop-
erty and rights of property acquired by any
levy, judgment, or extent made and executed
upon lands or tenements, goods or chattels, or
other valuable thing whatever, and any sale or
forfeiture by confiscation or taxation, whereby
any rights or titles have become vested either
in the United States or in third persons." _
I saw another criticism upon this bill, which,
with the usual charity, as to motive, of a news-
paper writer, said in substance that "General
Butler had a great many clients who held con-
fiscated lands down South, and he wanted to
get something in his bill to make their titles
valid." But this provision excepts all such
questions; leaves them where they now are,
under the general laws. And the writer of that
criticism showed his ignorance, his own sinful-
