1444
THE CONGRESSIOML GLO
February 20,
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I think the House voted
under a misapprehension just now of the ob-
ject the gentleman had in view when he moved
to reconsider the main question. If he had
then stated what he now states I would not
have voted for the reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to say that he proposed to offer an
amendment to the resolution of the majority,
not a substitute for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. So I understood; andso
did others about me.
Mr. COOK. I will offer it as an amend-
ment then, and will call the previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. The whole delegation from
the Pacific coast have opinions upon this sub-
ject, and we have been shut off from any
opportunity, even for a moment, to express
them. I hope the previous question will not
be seconded, so as to cut us off from speaking,
when it is considered that this property is
situated in our midst, and we have thoroughly
examined the question. I myself want to
say something in support of the rights of the
miners of the Pacific States and Territories,
■which are affected by the resolution last
offered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Pacific slope has
been heard iu every journal and by thousands
of agents all about this Capitol during the last
two Congresses; and the gentleman himself
has been heard more than fifty times by every
member of the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know what the
gentleman means by his remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I mean just whatlsay.
Mr. SARGENI'. What you say has no
sense in it. I stand here as a Representative
of my people, not as the Representative of
lobby agents, for lobby agents have no in-
fluence witli me. I claim my right to be heard
as the Representative of the people interested
in tLis matter.
Mr. PE I\EIIS. I offerthe same amendment
that I offered on Saturday, to add the words
"but not to interfere with the rights of settlers
or miners or their successors who have any
rights under the statutes of the United States."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
the gentleman to accept an amendment, to
insert after "miners" the words "except the |
New Idria Mining Company." If the gentle- j
man agrees to this modification his amend- j
ment will be all right. i
Mr. PETERS. I do not agree to the modi-
fication. The amendment embraces generally
all who have any rights.
Mr. LOGAN. Why not saysimply "settlers,"
without saying anything about "miners?"
Mr. PETERS. The idea is that any person
or corporation having rights on this tract shall
not be interfered with.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew my appeal, that
I may be heard for at least fifteen minutes
before the previous question is ordered.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Several members objected.
Mr. PETERS. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman now, provided the Speaker will
recognize him, if he will promise to ask the
previous question after fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would prefer
that the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
should himself assign the floor. Should the
previous question be not seconded the ques-
tion will be open for debate; but the gentle-
man himself must take the responsibility of
delaying the House or in -any way changing
the order of debate. i
Mr. PETERS. I will not take that respons-
ibility. I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be not seconded, the Chair will immediately
recognize the gentleman from California, [Mr.
SAliGEKT.]
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes 105, tioes 45.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question. I want
to know whether we are to be shut off from'
the exercise of the rights of Representatives.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 18, noes 94; less than one fifth voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays. I want to know whether
McGarrahan stock has more force here- than
the rights of Representatives.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The question is whether
the Bank of California has more rights here
than anybody else.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] is entitled, to one hour
to close the debate.
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, it has rarely
been my fortune to listen to a speech more
replete with prejudice and perversion of facts
than that of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] on this bill on Saturday last. It
was entirely the speech of the advocate in-
tent on making the worse appear the better
cause, and was unredeemed by the least fair-
ness or justice. He separated remarks of Mr.
Boutwell from the contest so as to make that
gentleman even a witness for McGarrahan,
though he denounced and voted against McGar-
rahan's pretended claim. He asserted that I
was mistaken when I said that the discussion in
the last House was absorbed by the advocates
of McGarrahan and his opponents were cut
off by the previous question, and this with the
record in his hands which showed that I was
right. He shed bitter tears over the wrongs
of the poor Irishman, McGarrahan, alone and
friendless, that somebody had been swindling
for a dozen years, without a dollar in his
pocket or any defenders. But he did not tell
us who arrayed all the formidable list of law-
yers on his side, men who do not work with-
out pay, who set on the most rapacious lobby
that ever assailed Congress; or tell that at the
back of this lone Irishman is a gigantic com-
pany, with 510,000,000 capital stock, which
they scatter about like the leaves of Vallara-
broza.
I hold in my hand a specimen of this stock,
ornamented with a quicksilver furnace, pur-
porting to be certificate No. 104, for fifty shares
in the Panoche Grande Quicksilver Company,
issued to William McGarrahan by B. O. Con-
ner, president, and P. Franck, secretary, on
the 21st day of May, 1868, and stating, in the
margin, that the capital stock of the company
is $10,000,000, in shares of $100 each. Here
is §5,000 worth of stock in one piece issued
to this poor Irishman. If anybody, McGarra-
han himself, can tell how much more of this
stock he holds it would be interesting to know it,
and how this piece got out of his possession,
so as not to provoke inquiry even by himself.
This stock must have been flying round pretty
loose not to be better conserved, and its exist-
ence may explain some of the phenomena to
which I have alluded. I do not say that any
member of this House has had a dollar's worth
of this stock, but it may be that their friends
or relations know more of it than they do.
I shall allude more especially to the state-
ments of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] as I proceed regularly; but I wish to
pay my respects to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] for a moment. He is so intensely
prejudiced against the New Idria Mining Com-
pany that he will not even allow them the
rights that they may have under the general
laws of the United States. His argument in
favor of his amendment is based on a single
section of the mining law, which provides
that persons may prove up and procure a
title to mining veins to which there is no
adverse claim, and he argues that an adverse
claim destroys all right; and hence the New
Idria Company have no rights. Did he not
know that the same law provides that these
adverse claims shall be tried in the courts, and
that the party prevailing shall have the right
to purchase? That single fact, which he over-
looks, destroys his whole superstructure, and
shows both the absurdity and injustice of his
amendment.
I know how ready men are to escape by any
hole of compromise a decision between con-
flicting claims, and here is such a hole opened.
But ought we not to meet this case fairly?
MeGarrahan comes here and declares he has
perfect equities if not legal rights, and de-
mands that we recognize them. It is due to
him that we do so if his claim is just. If, on
the contrary, it is fraudulent and perjured, we
should reject it. On the other hand, if the
Idria Company has rights under general laws
we Ought not to try to defeat or obscure them.
I protest against the assaults that have been
made upon the noble legislation of I860, on
which rests so manytitles of our hardy miners.
Is it proposed tosay that this quicksilver claim
is too valuable to be patented under that law?
Then we must look to the law to see if such
claims were excepted by the original legisla-
tion.
The Comstock silver lode of Nevada, worth
$50,000,000, may be, and part has been, pat-
ented under that law. The Eureka gold mine
of Grass valley, which yields §100,000 net
per month, has been patented. The latter is
worth far more than the Idria mine. .The
policy of the Government is five years old,
recognizing the preemption of miners in their
claims and allowing them to prove up for a
uniform price. Can you violate your own
laws? Can you destroy rights accrued under
them on the ground of a bad bargain? The
Idria Company were originally a set of rude
miners, and they owned and worked the claim
long before McGarrahan discovered there was
quicksilver sixteen miles from his asserted
grant, and floated down on them. But we do
not propose to confirm this mining land to the
Idria Company by any action recommended
by the majority of the committee. We pro-
pose to leave the rights of these parties to be
tested by the law.s of the land and the proper
tribunals. And let me tell the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] and those who with him
strike down vested rights, that you do not reach
yourobject, and no courtin Christendom would
hold that property rights acquired under a law
can be taken away by such means as are here
proposed. To do so would be contrary to
public morals and sap the foundations of
public security.
I called the attention of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to the case of settlers on
the tract, and he modifies his amendment to
exclude them. But he refuses to modify so as
to save the rights of miners. Why is this? Is
his prejudice so strong that he would outlaw
miners? Will he also outlaw the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company? This land is within
the lands granted by Congress to that com-
pany to aid in the construction of their rail-
road, and it is not ours to sell until that grant
is forfeited for non-compliance, which it will
never be.
Again, why does he sanction the fraud of
the Beale-Dyer survey ? I asked him to amend
so as to sell the land embraced in the perfected
decree of the district court of southern Cali-
fornia, on which McGarrahan bases all his
claim. But, no; he would not do that. He
sanctifies a survey that was only made by falsi-
fying boundaries and rebaptizing mountains,
contrary to tho local geographical knowledge
of the oldest inhabitants of that region, and
stated by the surveyor to have been done at
the instance of McGarrahan to further his
fraudulent claim to the quicksilver mines.
But I pass to a mora methodical review of
this case.
had oomez a grant?
The first and most important question in
deciding on McGarrahan's claim is, was there
