10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Amnesty—Mr. Butler.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
ness, his own uncbaritableness, and his own
malice by making that suggestion. All these
eight exceptions leave all the persons, matters,
and questions covered by them where they are
now as completely as if the bill had never been
reported.
The ninth exception embraces "every piece
and parcel of land, however it may be described
or bounded, which now is or has been used as
a cemetery in which the bodies of the soldiers
of the United States are interred, which is in
the occupation of the United States for thepur-
poseof a cemetery." And then comes the only
positive enactment contained in these excep-
tions: "which parcels of land are hereby
declared the property of the United States in
fee by capture in war, and forever dedicated to
the uses and purposes of cemeteries for the
soldiers of the United States heretofore interred
or hereafter to be interred therein, and to be
under the sole jurisdiction of the United States
for such purposes inalienable forever."
Why, sir, I have lived to hear in the Senate
of the United States a eulogy on Robert K
Lee, and only a recollection of the maxim nil
mortuis nisi bonum, of the dead nothing but
good, prevents me now from replying to it by
showing the great evil of his life. It was a
eulogy delivered upon the proposition to move
the remains of the thousands upon thousands
of our dead heroes now sleeping their last
sleep in Arlington, so that we might restore
the land in a cultivable state to the widow of
that rebel officer. I think it is time that any
possible idea that these cemeteries in which
our soldiers are buried can be tampered with,
ordisturbed in any way, should be finally extin-
guished. Unless the President and both Houses
of Congress shall by law decide to remove the
bodies of our dead from where they have
been deposited, they must and should remain
undisturbed forever. To take this property
from out of the control of the United States,
and let it be devoted to some purpose other than
that to which it is now dedicated, would be a
wrong and outrage so unparalleled in sin and
ingratitude as to be without precedent in the
history of the world.
It is even claimed that the jurisdiction of
States of the South extends over these national
cemeteries ; and the pitiable spectacle is now
seen of the United States going to some of
these States and asking for jurisdiction over
the places where the soldiers who fell in the
nation's defense are buried. Why, Mr. Speaker,
if we did anything in this war, if the Union sol-
diers gained anything in this war by laying
down their lives, they conquered land enough
to be buried in, and we did not restore it. but
held that certainly as our own, and do not mean
to restore it by any act' of ours. We do not
intend that any jurisdiction save the national
one shall ever be over it. Our soldiers'graves
are sacred, and it should be made certain that
they will be held sacred forever. This bill
should be passed, if for no other reason than
that all doubt on this subject may be settled
forever." We captured that laud m the war.
We buried our own men and noblest ones in
it. It is ours in fee and of right, and we hold
it by indefeasible and perpetual title ; and we
now here, by and iu virtue of an act of Con-
gress, solemnly declare the title to be inalien-
able forever, and dedicated forever to those
men whose bones lie there in peaceful rest after
their labors, struggles, and death in behalf of
the nation.
There is then, sir, a proviso to this section
that whosoever's disabilities having been re-
moved by act of Congress, by name, shall have
all the benefits of this act. That would seem
to be just and fair.
Then there is one other exception. We ex-
cept every right of action and liability arising
upon any ordinance, law, or contract in aid of
the rebellion, and every such right shall be
deemed'invalid ; that is to say, when we sweep
away all disabilities, all penalties, and settle
all quarrels, it might be held by some court to
revive rights of action upon contracts, and
contracts under the rebellious States. I do
not believe it would; but to exclude the con-
clusion we have put in that exception.
The last section extends all these immunities
to every officer engaged in carrying out the
reconstruction laws. Congress, as we know,
has been employing for many months officers
in the South to carry on the reconstruction
laws, and as those reconstruction acts are
attacked as unconstitutional, suits are being
brought against those officers for acts in the
premises. I thought it was but just, and your
committee agreed with me, to extend this
immunity and amnesty to that class of our
public servants.
Now, there are two or three questions put
to me on this bill. First, how does an act of
amnesty remove political disabilities? Tothat
I answer, that is the proper object of amnesty.
Every treaty, says Vattel, carries with it an
amnesty restoring all rights as between citizens
of dill'erent States.
Then, again, I am asked this: how is it that
you undertake here to give amnesty when the
President has the right of pardon? The Pres-
ident has only the right of pardon by name;
that is, the right of pardon as I have shown
you from the authorities I have read. We have
the right of general pardon ; and now in sup-
port of that 1 propose to read from Hawkins's
Pleas of the Crown, page 534:
'* And it seems to be taken for granted in many
books that apardon of all felonies m general, with-
out describing any one particular felony, may, even
at this day, il the party be neither attainted nor in-
dicted, be pleaded in bar of any felony whatsoever
coining within the limitations of the pardon, except
murder or rape; and that the only reason why it
cannot bo also pleaded to murder or rape is because
the statuto of 13 Richard XI, set forth more at large
under the next point, requires an express mention
of them. But I find this point nowhere solemnly
debated. Neither doth it seem easy to reconcile it
with the general rule concerning pardons, agreed
to be good in other cases; for if a telony cannot be
well pardoned where it may be reasonably intended
that the king, when he granted the pardon, was not
fully apprised of the state of the case, much less doth
it seem reasonable that itshould be pardoned where
it maybe well intended that he was not apprised of it
at all. And if a felony, whereof a person be attainted
cannot be wellpardoned, even though it appear that
the king was informed of all the circumstances of the
fact, unless it also appear that he was informed of
the attainder, much less doth it seem reasonable
that a felony should be well pardoned where it doth
not appear that he knew anything of it; for by this
means when the king in truth intends only to pardon
one felony, which may be very proper for his mercy,
he may by consequence pardon the greatest number
of the most heinous crimes, the least of which, had
he been apprised of it, he would not have pardoned.
And for these reasons, as I suppose, general pardons
aro commonly made by act of Parliament, and have
been of late years very rarely granted by the Crown
without a particular description of the offense
intended to be pardoned."
Again he says, in section thirteen :
" It seems agreed that where a general act of par-
don excepts some particular kind of felony, such
exception extends as well to those whereof any per-
sons are attainted as others ; for if those whose guilt
appears not on record are excepted, much greater
reason is there that those whoso guilt appears in so
high a manner should be excepted ; and, therefore,
being within the^etterof the exception, they cannot
but be intended to be within tho moaning of it also.
Neither doth it follow that because tho pardon of a
felony whereof aperson is attainted is notgood with-
out mentioning the attainder, therefore such a gen-
eral exception of ' all felonies ' shall not extend to
those whereof there hath been an attainder; for the
case of such a pardon depends on this special reason,
that the king ought to be fully apprised of the pro-
ceedings against the party before he pardons him."
That is theeffect of a general pardon, to wit,
to pardon any offense before conviction. The
only proper and legitimate use of a private par-
don, which Chief Justice Marshall described
to be the private, though official act of the
Executive, is to pardon the crime of which a
party is attainted or convicted. And therefore
we have in our laws recognized this distinction.
And Congress during the war acted upon it, by
empowering President Lincoln to proclaim a
general amnesty, a pardon and amnesty which
wiped out all offenses where it was accepted in
good faith, as our Supreme Court has decided.
Again, I am asked whether we can remove
these disabilities except by name. To that I
answer, the whole course of legislation in Eng-
land and this country has been to give the right
to remove all disabilities by general acts of
pardonandamnesty,and our fourteenth amend-
ment says:
""But Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of each
House, remove such disabilities."
I hold, therefore, that it may be done in gen-
eral as well as by name. It is a power to be
exercised when the good of the country calls
for it. There is nothing in the Constitution
which requires us to peddle it. We may do it
wholesale when the proper time comes, instead
of peddling it out, or jobbing it out by thou-
sands of names without examination, as we havo
occasionally done it.
Another learned and acute lawyer says,
"But it requires a two-thirds vote to remove
political disabilities." I agree to that. It does
require a two-thirds vote to remove political
disabilities, but it only requires a majority vote
to do the rest of the things that are in the bill.
And it will not hurt the bill if two thirds will
vote to do the rest of the things. And a3 I
want two thirds of the members of the House
to vote upon all these propositions, I have
thought it best, and the committee have agreed
with me, to put them all together. For if two
thirds of this House are not willing that am-
nesty shall be granted in one thing I do not
want, for one, to grant it in the rest. If we are
to have amnesty, let us have amnesty. If we
are not to have amnesty, let us not have a
simple office-seeking amnesty. Do not let us
show ourselves mere politicians, thinking there
is nothing desirable on earth but holding office
and voting. When the newspapers talk about
amnesty they talk about restoration to polit-
ical privileges, as if there was nothing else
on the earth of value. Why, the peace of all
these communities is of value; the rights of
all these men are of value; the settling of all
these lawsuits, all these conflicting claims, the
wiping out everything, and making a clean bill
of health to every man whom we do not except,
is of much more consequence, much more use,
much more to the purpose, than the question
whether Mr. A shall hold office or Mr. B shall
not hold office now.
I have heard another form of objection to
this bill. It is said, " Why not pass a general
amnesty law?" And the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] wants to strike out all after
the first section. He would have, then, an act
which would be meie hrutum fulmen, or heat
lightning; he would have a section giving
amnesty and no way to enforce it; and when
any of his friends are brought into court and
plead the amnesty the court would have no
power to enforce it; and if such a person
attempts to appeal he will be answered, as a
justice of the peace once answered a suitor
against whom he had decided. "Judge," he
said, "I appeal." "You cannot appeal," he
replied. "Why not?" "Oh I" said he, "only
those who are aggrieved are allowed to appeal.
You are not aggrieved. In deciding against you
I am right, and you cannot appeal." [Laugii-
ter. ]
You want the second section to make the
first operative. If you do not want amnes'y,
if the House does not mean to blot out all this
trouble, be it so. I am not the most forgiving
of men, although at the same time I trust not
the most vindictive of men. I can remain un-
forgiving as long as my neighbors, and I can
forgive an honorable, manly opponent quite as
