1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Amnesty—Mr. Booker.
Ho. of Reps.
earty, I trust, as any of my neighbors ; bat when
I do forgive I forgive all over, and when I do
not forgive, I remember all over. [Laughter.]
I want this bill passed in this spirit. It we are
going to forgive the mass of the southern peo-
ple, let us forgive them. If we are not desirous
of forgiving them, do not let us peddle out to
some of them votes and petty offices. The ex-
ceptions in the bill, as I understand them, will
cover about two thousand persons in the South,
men of the highest grade, the ablest men in that
section who led their people to destruction.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How many will it'relieve?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
relieve many thousands, indeed I may say hun-
dreds of thousands. .It will relieve everybody
down there who is under any loss, harm, or
vexation on account of the war.
Mr. LAWRENCE. But how many will it
relieve from political disabilities?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. From
political disabilities?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir; I desire to
know that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
relieve every man who held a post office or any
other small Federal office which required him
to take an oath to support the Constitution. It
will relieve many hundreds of thousands of the
men who got caught in this matter, but it cuts
off the men who misled them.
We must take into account the difference
between our country and the southern country.
In the southern country men always followed
their leader. In our country we have not any
leaders, and men vote and act according to
their own judgments. In the South, if you ask
an ordinary man vliat he thinks of such and
such a publi.c question, he will say that he does
not know anything about it, but that Esquire
So and-so, who lives in the big house yonder,
knows all about it and can tell you, and he
follows Esquire So-and-so. But if you put a
similar question to one of the same class of
northern men he will tell you that he guesses
it is so and so, and he will not refer you to any
squire, member of Congress, or anybody else,
and you will find out that he has guessed right.
I have therefore proposed in this bill to ex-
clude from amnesty the leaders, and to hold
them up to reprobation ; but I do not mean
that there shall be no forgiveness even forthem.
All .they have to do is to come here hereafter,
and by petition ask Congress to restore them
to their political rights. Let them give guar-
antees and securities that they intend to lead
loyal lives hereafter, and then Congress will
no doubt remove their disabilities ; but before
that is done they must evince a different feel-
ing from that displayed by the editor of the
Memphis Appeal, the official paper of the city
of Memphis." Tn a recent leading editorial he
used this language:
"As it exists to-day, and as the original organic
law of the country's existence is obeyed, the Union
is a festering, reeking corpse, full of tout maggots,
devouring ,md destroying, and full of filth and rot-
tenness.''
This was published upon the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1870. Now, I lioid that men who adhere
to these sent iments should be held up to public
scorn, reprobation, and indignation. As you
hang np a dead crow in a corn-field to scare
away the rest, so would I hold up such men to
the public gaze.
I have also here an extract from the Vicks-
burg Herald of the 26th ultimo, in which the
editor pays his respects to something I have
said. Hear him:
" 'Out of the fulness of the heart the mouth speak-
cth.' Adverting Co the possibility of war between the
Un'-tod Stntos and mudp of the European Govern-
ments growing out of the present,complicated state
ofW'iirs aeioss thc water, the Vioksburg Herald of
the JOth mutant say?-:
liPTW R s argument for this war: that the
South may thus he united with the North against a
common for! fiue, wo h.t \ «• nocause lolove
Ep-'l<usd; hut. it is oui opinion tmi.t'.vo aie nuinJy
prepared to risk our lives and property for the enforce-
ment of the Alabama claims."
Then comes this in italics :
"And wje labor under the belief that very few rebels
are anxious to incase themselves in Federal blue, and
march to the inspiring notes of Yankee lJoodle and the
Bar Stangled Spanner."
Thus throwing contempt upon the flag of our
country, and saying that they would not stand
by it in the case of' a foreign war; yet we are
called upon here to put these men back into
power without any sign that we remember the
events which transpired from 1801 to 1865.
Therefore, I hold the leaders responsible.
All governments are organized upon the idea
that communities cannot be punished. Com-
munities never are punished. The judgments
of Heaven may come down upon nations, but
by human laws only the leaders are punished
for rebellion and treason. Punishment should
fall upon those who undertake to lead their
neighbors into wrong and crime. That pun-
ishment, I think, should be given. As to the
great body of the people of the South, I would
treat tliem as erring. I would forget, forgive,
never remember, let by-gones be by-gones so
far as they are concerned. But I would hold
some up as an example to their children and
our children that it is not safe to strike at
the life of this Republic.
I thank members for the courtesy with which
they have listened to me. If no gentleman
desires to ask me any question concerning this
bill, or any part of it, 1 will now yield to tiie
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who
has an amendment to propose.
Amnesty.
REMARKS OF HON Gr. W. BOOKER,
OF VIRGINIA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
December 20, 1870,
On the bill (II. R. No. 2523) for full and general
gracc, amnesty, and oblivion of a.ll wrongful acts,
doings, or omissions of all persons engaged in the
war of the late rebellion.
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. Speaker, in the brief
time allowed under the rule which the House
has adopted I shall not have time to discuss
the merits of the bill reported from the Recon-
struction Committee, but shall confine myself
to the consideration of a few points, and to
reply to some of the reasons assigned by some
of the members against general amnesty at
the present time.
My colleague [Mr. McKenzie] who addressed
the House the other day seemed to think, if 1
understood him aright, that there was still a
spirit of disloyalty among some of the citizens
of Virginia. I do not agree with my colleague
in that opinion. I think, sir, that the question
of secession, as a right existing under the Con-
stitution of the United States, has been settled
forever, not only in Virginia but in the whole
South. It has been settled by an arbiter from
whose decision there is no appeal, illustrating,
at least in this instance, that the "sword is
mightier than the pen." No man who is not
a fit subject for the lunatic asylum has any
other thought, expectation, or wish than that
the Government of the United States and the
Union underitshould exist for all time to come.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in all the States lately
in rebellion against the authority of the Gov-
ernment the terms of reconstruction which have
been prescribed by Congress have been fully
carried out in spirit and to the very letter. In
my own State the people have adopted a con-
stitution which has been inspected and ap-
proved by Congress, and the second article of
the btll of rights is as follows:
"That this State shall e«r remain a member of
' the United State?, and that the people thereof are
! part ot the American nation, and thatattempts.from
whatever source, or upon whatever pretext, to dis-
solve the said Union, or to sever stud nation, are un-
authorized and ought to bo resisted by the whola
power of the State."
This, sir, is a part of the organic law, and
the constitution, with this provision in the bill
of rights, was adopted almost by the entiio
vote of her people. Now, sir, I say thatques-
tion is settled by the people themselves.
The distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] in his speech said that he was
willing to remove disabilities from all when
the proper time should arrive, but that time
had not yet come, in his opinion, because,
among other reasons which he gave, the Legis-
lature of the State of Virginia had not car-
ried out the provisions of the State constitu-
tion in regard to the right of colored men to
sit on juries. I think, sir, that if the gentle-
man will examine the constitution he will find
that there is no such provision in it. All that
there is in the constitution on the subject is
in these words, (section 3, article '2-.)
"All persons entitled to vote and hold office, and
none others, shall be eligible to sit as jurors."
This provision merely provides that none but
voters and those .who are eligible to hold office
shall have the right to act as jurors. By this
there is no class described, nor any restriction
except upon the disfranchised class, who are
in fact, in nine cases out of ten, on account of
their age and experience, the best qualified
of all the citizens for that position. The Legis-
lature of Virginia has not passed, and will not,
I presume, at this session or any other, pass any
act providing that a certain number of jurors
shall be selected on account of their color.
Such a law would be impracticable. In some
counties there are hardly a sufficient number
of colored men to form one jury. But, sir, I
venture to say that there is no State in this
Union in which the laws, and particularly the
criminal laws, are more impartially adminis-
tered than in our State. And although the
charge may be made in general terms that the
colored man, on accountofhis raceorhisparty
relations, cannot get justice done him in our
courts, yet I defy any person to specify one
single instance in which this has been the case.
I know many ofthe judges personally, and while
many of them are new men and without pre-
vious experience on the bench, yet they are with-
out a single exception men of high character
and who discharge their duties honestly and
conscientiously. The judicial ermine has never
been soiled in Virginia; certainly not by any
of her own sons. When a man in Virginia ac-
cepts a judicial position he ceases to be a poli-
tician ; I never knew an instance in my life in
which one of the judges ever made a political
speech ; and in all cases where they are nom-
inated for a political office public opinion re-
quires them to resign on accepting the nom-
ination.
I am in favor of the removal of all political
disabilities from all persons. I think that justice
as well as sou lid policy requires it. In my opinion
itisa question above party considerations. In a
free country parties almost necessarily exist,
and I never inquire what a man's party relations
are on a question of this sort.
I lay down the broad proposition that all
who are required to discharge the duties of
citizens are entitled to all the rights of citi-
zens. It seems to be agreed to by all parties
that the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article were never intended to be perpetual;
that, they were intended merely as a safeguard
against those who might be hostile to the Gov-
ernment; but, sir, certainly after the lapse of
nea.ily six years since flagrant war has ceased,
and when every citizen everywhere is protected
by the law in all his rights, there can be lie
danger in relieving all from the penalties im-
posed by the fourteenth article of the Consti-
tution.
