12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Amnesty—Mr. Biggs.
41st Cons 3d Sess.
Amnesty.
SPEECH OF HON. B. T. BIGGS,
op delaware,
In the House of Representatives,
December 20, 1870,
On thobilHII. E. No. 2523) for full and general srace,
amnesty, and oblivion of all wrongful acts, doings,
or omissoins of all persons engaged in the late war
of the rebellion.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the bill intro-
duced by the chairman of the Committee on
Reconstruction does not meet the expectation
of the American ppople. In my judgment,
and I say it in no offensive sense, the bill and
all its substitutes and amendments, except the
one offered by the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsvvorth,] fall far short of
what a magnanimous and brave people should
tender to a fallen foe. For one, I can see no
other course to pursue than to vote for a bill
proclaiming universal amnesty to all who live
upon southern soil.
Sir, every few days we are called upon to
remove the political disabilities of certain gen-
tlemen in the South, until the Forty-First Con-
gress may justly be termed a peddling Congress
upon the amnesty bills. The war has been
over for five years, that war which was said
to be for the '■ life of the nation " and the union
of the States, but, which, since its termination,
has demonstrated that it was a war to destroy
slavery and elevate an inferior race to an
equality unnatural and impossible. We may
now, as we have done, pass oppressive acts ;
we may, by the strong arm of military power,
Crash out the liberties of a brave people, as
was attempted by the present Administration
in North Carolina, Alabama, and Missouri;
but a sense of justice and self-respect will cause
the people to rise in their majesty and rebuke
at the polls any and all such usurpation.
The so-called fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution made the negro a citizen. In my
judgment that amendment is a great fraud
upon the American people. It never was pro-
posed or adopted according to the spirit and
meaning of the Constitution. It, however, has
the form of law, and all good citizens will con-
form to its requirements. The true patriot is
he who obeys the law. The South now has
in her midst a large negro population. Who
enfranchised the semi-barbarous African and
disfranchised the intelligent American? This
honor belongs to the Radical party. I envy
not the man who glories in such honor.
Mr. Speaker, the member from Massachu-
setts who reported this bill calls it a bill " for
full and general grace, amnesty, and oblivion
of all wrongful acts, doings, or omissions of
all persons engaged in the war of the late rebel-
lion." Sir, if that be true why does he in cer-
tain sections of the bill except certain persons?
If it is amnesty and oblivion of all wrongful
acts why not let it apply to all ? Ah ! but says
the member from Massachusetts, "it is not
for politicians." If it is not for thern where
is the merit in your bill? Who makes public
sentiment? It is the politician. Who led the
South in the rebellion ? It was the politician.
Not one man in a thousand in the South who
took up arms in the late rebellion stopped for
a moment to inquire into the cause of the war;
but when an invading army came into his native
State with fire and sword, burning their dwell-
ings, laying waste their plantations, destroying
their institutions of learning, tearing up their
railroad tracks, setting on fire their mills, burn-
ing their cities, towns, and villages, driving
their wives, mothers, sisters, and daughters
from the homes of their birth, mutilating and
destroying everything within their reach, then
the South went to battle. Says the gentleman
from Massachusetts, " They played for em-
pire.'' Who played for empire, the people
or the politicians Y Mr. Speaker, I make no
distinction. The politicians are the people
because they make public sentiment, and the
people are politicians because your form of
government makes them such.
But, sir, what does the gentleman mean,
when he says for "full and general grace?"
Full to whom ? General grace to whom ? To
those, and to those only, in my opinion, who
will not interfere with the continuance of the
Radical party in power. Sir, the bill, as was
well said by my friend from New York city,
[Mr. Cox,] is a " misnomer, a solecism." " It,
is grace which is grudging, amnesty which is
exceptional, and oblivion full of memories."
What do you want with exceptions in an am-
nesty bill ? Let your bill be full of grace, par-
don to every one. " Though your sins be as
scarlet, they shall be made white as snow."
It is thechief sinners we want to reach. "For-
give and forget" shouW be our motto, the
motto of an American Congress.
" Iligh on a scroll inscribed on Nature's shrine
Live in bright characters the words divine,
'In ail life's changing sccnea to others do
What you would wish by others done to you.'
Winds, wide o'er earth this sacred law convey,
Ye nations hear it and let all obey."
Sir, we live in the nineteenth century and
under a Christian dispensation. The doctrine
of retaliation was coudemued by the Founder
of our religion more than eighteen hundred
years ago. "Ye have heard that it hath been
said"—Radicals take warning—"an eye for
an eye, and a tooth for a tooth ; but I say unto
you that ye resist not evil;" "love your ene-
mies, bless them that curse you, do good to
them that hate you, and pray for them which
despitefully use you and entreat you." There
is amnesty; there is pardon; there is grace,
free and full for all. I invite the gentleman who
reported this bill, instead of using his intellect
to punish and persecute a brave and generous
people, to embrace the doctrine laid down by
Him who came to redeem the world, even the
gentleman from Massachusetts ; for—
" While the lamp holds out to burn
The vilest sinner may return."
■ Sir, public sentiment in the South, and public
opinion as expressed through their members
on this floor, with few exceptions, all proclaim
in unmistakable terms in favor of universal
amnesty. Look at the State of Missouri in
her recent election. What a lesson for Repub-
lican members of this House to learn. Brown,
the liberal candidate for Governor, the candi-
date for amnesty without conditions or excep-
tions, received out of a poll of 167,710 votes
a majority over his opponent of 41,038 votes.
Upon the amendment to wipe out disfranchise-
ment from the State constitution the vote stood,
for the amendment 127,643, against it 16.355,
showing conclusively, and beyond the shadow
of a doubt, that any further proscription as
adhered to by this Administration would not
be tolerated by the people of Missouri; and
upon the question of amnesty or no amnesty
in that State, at the late election, a majority of
111,355 spoke through the ballot-box in favor
of amnesty, in favor of pardon, in favor of
grace ; oblivion to all past political offenses.
And to this majority may fairly be added the
united voice of seventy-five thousand white
citizens who were deprived of their right to
vote under the infamous Drake provision. Sir,
the adoption of that amendment to the consti-
tution of Missouri seals and fixes her destiny
in the future. A retiring Republican Senator,
in the other wing of this Capitol, on Friday
last bid that State farewell, handed her over
to the Democracy in 1872, and recorded her
electoral vote for the next Democratic candi-
date for the Presidency.
To my mind the bill is unnecessarily long,
and cumbrous in its language. Some of its
provisions under the fourteenth amendment
can only be adopted by a two-thirds vote, while
other provisions require but a bare majority ;
and in this I recognize a possibility of fraud,
not altogether unexpected, considering the
authorship of the bill, by which those portions
he favors may become a law, and all "grace,
amnesty, and oblivion" be defeated. But if
the fourth section of the bill be examined care-
fully it cannot fail to strike any one as a release
from all the wrongs committed by the agents
of "reconstruction." Here, sir, is the fourth
section:
And be it further enacted, That this act of amnesty
and oblivion shall extend to all acts and omissions
made or done, or omitted to be done, by any officer
or soldier, or other agent of the United States, m
carrying out or putting in execution the laws of the
United States known as the reconstruction acts, and
the other acts for the government of the rebellious
States, however the same may be entitled, as fully
and with the urns benefit as if said acts or omissions
had been done or omitted by such officers and soldiers
dui ing the war of the rebellion.
What a farce! The whole bill extends to
the southern people a meager amnesty, and
in consideration thereof proposes, in the sec-
tion I have just recited, a full amnesty to all
the agents of the Government who have been
guilty of atrocities, at the bare mention of
which "Mercy would weep tears of blood."
Oblivion to all those engaged in putting in
execution the reconstruction acts 1 What
crimes have they committed that you desire
to bide them in oblivion ? Let the acts of Gov-
ernor Holden and his satrap, Kirk, answer.
You propose to bury their unnatural acts in
the waters of oblivion. Why does your bill
limit it to them? Why not pass it to soldiers
and others? Why not extend it to the officers
and soldiers who were sent into Maryland and
New York, at the late election, to intimidate
voters and to aid in carrying out your force
bills ? True, they did not come into Delaware.
After the arrangement had been made by the
United States marshal of my State with the
Departments here to furnish troops upon his
call to interfere with our elections, Senator
Bayard at once wrote to the President upon
the subject; and his timely letter, I have no
doubt, prevented an armed soldiery from in-
vading the quiet of our little State and insulting
our people by their untimely presence. The
election was a peaceable one and the result
very satisfactory, the party which forced negro
suffrage upon us having sustained a Waterloo
defeat, losing every candidate for popular favor
in every county in the State.
Mr. Speaker, we need the love and support
of the southern people for our Government
and their contributions toward bearing its bur-
dens. What respect or good will can you ex-
pect them to have for you when you press upon
their backs a weight of taxation unparalleled,
and at the same time deny them the privilege
of a voice in the selection of their representa-
tives? Sir, the fountain of bitter feeluig will
cease to flow only when you restore the full
rights of citizenship to those whose aid in the
support of their Government you profess to de-
sire. We can be one in feeling and sentiment
only when equal justice is meted out to all. We
want harmony; we want to inspire the South
with confidence in the people of all other sec-
tions of the Union. We want to show by our
acts, backed and supported by all the solemni-
ties of law, that we are earnestly their friends.
Pass the substitute of General Farxsworth,
which proclaims amnesty to all, and a thrill of
joy will vibrate through every southern heart.
Let us this day bury in oblivion the bill re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee on
Reconstruction with all its tricky provisions.
Let us substitute a genuine and absolute meas-
ure of amnesty. "When that is obtained, then,
and not till then, we will have peace all over
the South. New enterprises will spring into
life, base and wicked rulers will be displaced
and good men substituted, corrupt legislation
