622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
all mining in Europe, guided by experience
and intelligence, has been brought to its flour-
ishing state by the concentration of ores, and
it is only by that means that we shall ever be
able to economize and make useful the great
wealth contained in the less valuable ores.
In these remarks which I have thus made,
the utility of the proposed tunnel is pretty
conclusively set forth, and it must appear evi-
dent that without its construction these mines
must shortly be abandoned.
It is not only the loss of the enormous yield
of these mines, which almost equals in pro-
duction that of the whole republic of Mexico,
but, it .would be a calamity to all our mining
interests to have them no longer worked,
within a few years after their discovery, and
after it has been demonstrated that the wealth
contained therein is unlimited.
It may be asked why private capital does
not enter into this undertaking—one that prom-
ises such magnificent results. Every effort has
been used in that direction, but has utterly
failed. The work is of so gigantic a nature—
the cutting of a tunnel for seven miles through
solid rock, four miles of which must be accom-
plished before the Cornstoek lode is even
reached—that private enterprise in this coun-
try will hardly be equal to it,.
We find that the great mining tunnels in
Europe have received assistance from the
•various Governments, and even great railroad
tunnels, such as that of Mont Cenis, have
obtained Government aid. But the greatest
obstacle in getting private capital to enter this
gigantic work is based on the fact that capital-
ists, that class of men brought up to believe
jn nothing they cannot see, men who tire accus-
tomed to lend money only when they have the
collaterals in theirown hands, want first to see
the ore in the lode at the great depth at which
the tunnel will strike it. Capitalists are a tiinid
and sceptical class of people, and as a body
are highly unscientific ; they do not believe in
theories; they believe a thing when they see
it. If these men could see the ore in a mine,
•it a depth of two, three, or four thousand feet,,
ihey would believe that it is there ; but no
arguments, no theoret ical proofs, geological evi-
dences, or philosophical deductions will make
them invest their money. If that tunnel to
the Comstock lode were an accomplished fact,
if these unbelieving capitalists could he taken
into the very bowels of this argentiferous
mountain, and there behold the wealth which
we have every evidence to believe exists down
there, then they would believe it. This class
of men whose capital is required to open up
our vast mineral resources would then com-
mence to realize that we have thousands and
thousands of millions of treasure in the earth ;
that nothing but capital and patience is re-
quired to extract the same; that mining can
be made as safe a business as cotton spin-
ning or the manufacture of iron. And as a
resultwewill see our vast mining regions popu-
lated with a thrifty, prosperous people, we
shall see tunnels constructed by private enter-
prise in all our mining regions, an immense
value given to our mineral lands, the produc-
tion of the precious metals largely increased,
and the whole nation benefited and enriched.
This question becomes of momentous import-
ance when we consider that one half of our do-
main is mineral-bearing, and the consequences
incident to one practical demonstration surpass
all calculation. Let no one say that this ques-
tion is local in its bearing. It not only affects
all of the mineral-bearing regions, but the
balance of the country also. It affects the
manufacturing interests of the East and the
agricultural interests of the West, and event-
uates in the aggregation of the wealth of the
whole nation. It opens a wide field for labor,
and brings into requisition every mechanical
art of the country.
But it will be asked : suppose it be proven
that the Comstock lode reaches down indefi-
nitely, how will thai prove it for other lodes 1
Modern geology has so clearly established the
characteristics which distinguish true lodes
or true fissure veins that their continuance to
great depth once practically shown will apply
in every case. A vein once explored to a
depth of three or four thousand feet, while the
deepest workings ever reached by man since
mining was known do not exceed twenty-
seven hundred feet, would not only have an
extraordinary scientific value, but it would
absolutely establish the continuance of true
fissure veins in all instances where the same
characteristics prevail. It has been satisfac-
torily demonstrated that this class of veins
lias been formed by fissures rent in the earth
at a time of great volcanic convulsion. These
fissux'es often follow the contact of two kinds of
rock, as offering the planes of least resistance.
So we find that the Comstock lode follows for
some distance the contact between syenite and
greenstone, the first being the older forma-
tion, and forming Mount Davidson, while the
latter, a more recent one, constitutes the coun-
try east of Mount Davidson, which, sloping
down under the greenstone at an angle of
forty-five degrees, gave that inclination to the
lode. The fissure, however, did not follow
the plane of contact altogether; for at both
extremities where Mount Davidson rounds off
to the westward the fissure did not follow the
semi-circle, but, in an almost straight line,
broke right through the greenstone both at
the northern and southern end of the lode.
This probably also accounts for the more
perpendicular dip of the lode at these points.
The fissure, with the inclination already indi-
cated, would shortly after its formation have
closed up again on account of the immense
weight of the superincumbent mass, partic-
ularly since it attained the great width of two
hundred feet, had it not been for the fact that
large masses from the hanging wall became
detached, not having longer any support, and
were precipitated into the open chasm, into
which they descended until they became lodged
and wedged in. and thus formed a support for
the hanging wall. Some of these masses were
of immense size, probably five hundred feet
long and deep and several hundred feet in
thickness. And other masses continued fall-
ing in, in large bodies and brecciated masses
during untold ages. The filling of the fissure
took place at a later period, and probably lasted
during thousands of years, or, as geologists
say, (luting millions of years, principally, in
all probability, by sublimation from the great
laboratory in the center of the earth, until all
the space around these fallen masses became
filled with gold and silver quartz.
That quartz, Mid nearly all metals, may be
evaporated under certain conditions can be
shown even in our own chemical laboratories
with the imperfect means at our command. We
can demonstrate, for example, that silica or
quarts can be sublimated by means of fluorine
gas, and gold and silver and other metals may
be sublimated by tlieaid of chlorinegas. In this
connection a case may be recollected where a
deficit occurred in the accounts of a melter and
refiner in one of our mints, amounting to many
thousand dollars, and was accounted for by
the statement that it had gone up the chimney.
This was received with great ridicule, but an
investigation showed that the roofs of the
houses adjacent to the main building were cov-
ered with particles of gold, and considerable
amounts wc.'e actually scraped off. thus show-
ing conclusively that the gold had gone off in
a gaseous form, probably by the presence of
chlorine gas in the metals or the furnaces. If
we imagine, therefore, the immense heat which
is supposed to exist in the center of the earth,
under a pressure of which we have 110 con-
ception, together with the presence of the gases
leferred to, which are emitted at times of vol-
canic action even at this day, together with
steam superheated to a degree which we can-
not produce, we may readily suppose that they
may have acted as solvents to the precious
metals and other materials which we find
deposited in our mineral veins.
Modern geologists agree that true fissure
veins have mainly been filled in this wise, and,
that being the case, the supposition that they
give out at any depth which can be reached by
mining appears simply absurd. The very sur-
face, at which we find at present the out.-crop-
pings of minerallodes on our mountain ranges,
is several thousand feet below the original sur-
face, for the corroding action of the atmosphere
and the elements have worn them oil' to that,
extent, and filled up the valleys below, forming
the placer diggings which abound in California
and the Territories. How can w.e then suppose
that mineral lodes, the deepest workings of
wliieh on this continent have never yet reached
two thousand feet, should fail at that depth ?
The miners, in descending 011 a mineral lode,
suddenly lose the ore and get into country
rock. They may persevere and continue then-
shafts for several hundred feet and still not
reach ore again. Their means give out and
they become discouraged and declare their
mines have failed.
But let us turn to the mines of Europe,
those of Cornwall, the Harz, Freiberg, and of
Sehemnitz, which have been worked for cen-
turies, some of them for a thousand years.
There we find, from the maps and the records
kept, that these masses of country rock, these
barren spaces, have been traversed and the
lode found unimpaired beneath. The popu-
lar belief that lodes contain nothing but min-
eral matter is a grievous mistake. As has
been shown, the largest part of a mineral lode
consists of barren matter, and hence the diffi-
culty in mining. O11 the Comstock this is also
the case, and numberless exploring drifts are
required to find the valuable mineral. During
this time of search the engines must be kept
in motion at an enormous expense; and it is
not to be wondered at that the hundred and
twenty millions produced by the Comstock
lode have been swallowed up in making these
explorations under the expensive system now
prevailing.
But, to come back again to the evidences that
the Comstock lode was once an open fissure,
we find, epon examination, that the masses of
country rock imbedded in the vein—which
miners call "horses," a term derived from
the Cornish miners—all along the contact be-
tween syenite and greenstone, consist of the
latter; and why ? Simply because the green-
stone, forming the hanging wall of the fissure,
portions of which became detached therefrom
by the laws of gravity, dropped into the fissure.
The greenstone fell downward, \vhile the syen-
ite, being at the bottom, or forming the foot-
wall, could not fall upward ; and thus we do not
find a single syenite "horse" in the Comstock
lode, but nothing but greenstone—a most con-
clusive evidence that the fissure was once open.
True fissure veins have many other pecu-
liar characteristics, and can easily be recog-
nized. Among others, they are accompanied
by clay seams, which lie between the " coun-
try" rock and the vein matter. This clay has
generally a bluish color, is very tough, and
consists of very finely-ground paiticles. It is
so tough that it is almost of the consistency
of lead, so that a pick driven into it will not,
penetrate more than a few inches. This clay
forms a continuous coating of the vein mat-
ter, and is impervious to water, so that all
water contained in the lode remains confined
to it. Where it lies on the vein matter the
latter is polished ns smooth as marble. The
question then arises, how has this clay been
formed? We find that a level drift, at right
angles with the Comstock lode after a year 01"
so presents a most extraordinary phenomenon.
The vein matter is often found to have risen
up a foot or more, and after another year it
may ho down that much beneath the level of
