1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1440
and void." (Chitty On Prero<?., 132: Charles river
bridcro ease, 7 Peek, S07; The King vs. Amery, 2 T.
R., 515; Fletcher m. Peek, 6 Crancn.)
The New Idria Mining Company having com-
plied with ail the conditions imposed by the
act of 1866, took a grant made by the Con-
gress of the United States. Soch a grant is
evidence of a title higher than that afforded
by patent. (See Grignon vs. Astor, 2 How-
ard, 319.)
"The supreme court of Indiana, in the ca^e of
Lewis vs. Braekenbridge, (1 Blackford, 220.) decide
that 'the constitutional provision that " no law im-
pairing the validity of con tracts shall ever be made,"
extends to all rights accruing under all contracts,
whether written or parol, whether expressed or im-
plied, whether arising from the_ stipulation of the
parties or accruing by the operation of law."'
On soch principles as these the New Idria
Company rests its rights, and does not ask
legislation at our hands. We cannot condemn
its title justly, for it has not been examined
by any committee of the House, and it is not
a petitioner here, except to be left to be dealt
with by the laws with which you deal with all
other mining corporations on the public do-
main. Its claim is small if it is valuable; but
so are all mining claims. If it were not valu-
able it would not be coveted by McGarra-
ban. Be it remembered that the Idria Com-
pany ask but 480 against 17,768 acres and
that there are other mining claims in the
neighborhood gobbled up by McGarrahan's
"float," equally protected by existing laws of
the United States. If any Executive should,
in face of the decisions of the Supreme Court
and the outrageous corruptions that blister
and burn all over McGarrahan's Bcheme,give
his sanction to any action that severed that
land from the public domain for his and his
co conspirators' uses, no efforts of friends or
partisans could exonerate him in the public
opinion of the entire Pacific States from a
suspicion of dishonorable complicity and in-
tent.
But I dread this case as a precedent of many
others. There are, as I have shown, several
hundred grants that are situated exactly like
the Gomez grant—incomplete like his, never
possessed like his, and, like his, never recorded
in the archives. If the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, which is invoked for him, requires
that we give him this land, then it requires
the same for all the others, and all titles are
unsettled in my State, and we are delivered
over to chaos and mischief incalculable.
No preemptor who has paid his money and
taken a patent for his little farm is safe, for
the Government had no title. The very land
on which our cities have sprung up will slip
from beneath the feet of our people. Under
the system of floating that is sanctified by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and
■winked at by the minority of the committee,
and which must be approved if you give this
land to the Panoche Grande Quicksilver Com-
pany, a grant describing boundaries in San
Mateo county will cover San Francisco, and one
anywhere in the Sacramento valley will over-
shadow Sacramento and Marysville. They
will invade the mountains (for McGarrahan
has climbed from the valley five thousand feet
up a rugged mountain-side) and cover our
gold mines. It is worth while to pause before
embarking in such dangerous experiments as
these to gratify a coveteous lobby and its paid
attorneys. For my people I protest, where all
these facts are known as household words,
and where there is but one voice to condemn
the infamy of the scheme, and universal dread
of the consequences of its consummation.
However this case may go, whether the
majority or minority report be adopted or not,
it is to be observed that however the speeches
of gentlemen may indorse McGarrahan, no
part of the Judiciary Committee has had the
face to decide in his favor. A kind of back-
door advantage is sought to be obtained for
him by a false issue. Why do not you, gentle-
men of the minority, say that McGarrahan
and Ord and the Panoche Grande Quicksilver
Company are entitled to this land? I defy you
to that bold issue. You prefer to avoid it by
this miserable expedient that may catch a few
votes in a close contest, but you know you
would be beaten in an open fight.
Mr. PETERS. I now yield for thirty minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for five minutes
to the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall jj
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as a
matter of course, I can do no more than touch
upon one or two prominent points in this case
within the five minutes allotted to me. But,
concurring, as I do, with the minority and
not with the majority of the Judiciary Com-
mittee in reference to this case, I feel it to be
my duty to present very briefly at least some of
the reasons why I do so. It so happened that
I was a member of the Judiciary Committee
in the last Congress. Before that committee
this very case was brought. Over that com-
mittee presided Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, a law-
yer of great eminence and a man of the high-
est personal character. I know that that com-
mittee gave great attention to this claim and
labored diligently for the purpose of getting at
the right. The conclusion to which that com-
mittee came was just the reverse of that which
the majority of the committee of the present j
House have arrived at; and it was by a unan- j
imous vote with one exception. Ifindthatthe j
Judiciary Committee of this House was nearly !
equally divided. And while it is usually '
my practice in matters of this kind to follow j
the judgment of committees, I must call the |
attention of the House to this fact without j
making any comparison between the members j
of the two committees, the members of both
committees (saying nothing of myself as an :
humble memberofone of them) being unques- :
tionably men of integrity and ability. I desire,
I say. to call the attention of the House to this
fact, that taking the judgment of the twocom-
mittees, there have been in favor of the claim
of McGarrahan, as I understand it, twelve
members, and against him six.
Therefore, the force of the judgment of the j
Judiciary Committee is not in favor of the j
New Idria Mining Company, but against it. I
In making this last remark, as a matter of ;
course I intend no insinuation of any kind. I ,
have not the slightest doubt that all the gentle- (
men on both sides of the House who have ;
acted in this matter have been governed by >
principles of integrity, and have endeavored j
to arrive at the right. But it cannot be dis- !
guised, and gentlemen who have made them- :
selves acquainted with the case cannot doubt, ;
that the issue here- is between McGarrahan i
and the New Idria Mining Company, and that;
we are standing as mere arbiters between |
these claimants, who have for twelve or four- j
teen years been fighting as no claim was ever j
fought before in this country for the possession i
of this prize. The New Idria Mining Com- '
pany—and I have nothing to say against the
men who compose that association ; many of
them are gentlemen of the highest social posi-
tion—have struggled for this prize with great
ability and with all the appliances which un-
bounded wealth could give to them. And the
struggle has not been a fair one; they have
fought behind a battery, they have been using
the Government of the United States and its
officers and the money of the United States
to fight their battles against McGarrahan, who
has stood alone against this powerful company
and against the Government of the United
States, and its officers, who have been usedas
cats-paws to take the chestnuts out of the lire
which would fall into the hands of the New
Idria Mining Company the moment the case
was decided against McGarrahan. And no
man who has looked into this case can doubt
this to be the fact.
Now, aa regards this petition of Gomez I
have no doubt—and one of the ablest Sawyers
employed by the New Idria Mining Company
so admitted before the Judiciary Committee—
that that petition was a yalid and genuine one.
And it seems to me that any gentleman who
will take up the report made by Mr. Wilson
on behalf of the Judiciary Committee to the
last Congress cannot arrive at any other con-
clusion than that the grant was actually made
to Gomez, whatever may have been that man's
personal character, which is not a matter in-
volved in this controversy. That conclusion
is not based upon the testimony of Gomez
alone, by any means, but he is corroborated by
a judgment, giving the facts and circumstances,
on the testimony of the witnesses brought for-
ward, all of which are referred to in Mr. Wil-
son's report. And while according all that
should be accorded to the gentlemen who
form the majority of the Judiciary Committee
of this House, on reading the report they have
made, I mast say it is impossible to regard it
as a fair and careful, unbiased, and judicial
statement of the facts of the case.
But, sir, I must hurry on to one other point.
All the evidence of malpractices shows that
those malpractices have been against McGarra-
han. There have been records wrongfully and
tortuously tampered with for years during this
litigation. The file marks of the mandate
addressed by the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia were erased without notice
to McGarrahan or his counsel. The file
marks ahd indorsements on the final order
of said district court were erased without
notice to McGarrahan or his counsel, and it is
a strange fact that the records of our Govern-
ment here at Washington have been tampered
with in the same way. Letters in the Land
Office that ought to be sacredly preserved,
and important in this case, have disappeared ;
and the transactions in the Interior Depart-
ment, mutilating the record of what is claimed
to have been an executed patent in this case,
were irregular, scandalous, and such as ought
to be rebuked by this House.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. MARSHALL. It seems to me my five
minutes have passed very rapidly. I ask to be
allowed two minutes more, with the under-
standing that it shall not come out of the time
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
There was no objection.
Mr. MARSHALL. Where is our safety if
the evidence of title to a large part of the prop-
erty in this entire country can be wantonly
or recklessly tampered with by our public offi-
cials? A man holds a patent; his house is
liable to be burned and with it the jjatents to
his lands. Where is the evidence of title? It
is on record in the Interior Department, and
here we see this extraordinary fact, that the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, seven years
after a record is made, without any knowledge
of the facts, and without any legal inquiry or
examination in proper form, sat down and
altered therecord in relation to a piece of land,
involving not only hundreds of thousands, but,
it is said, millions of dollars; and that, too, at
a time when they had been requested to take
no action in the matter, because it was under-
going investigation in this House. This was
done in the interest of the New Idria Mining
Company, which has been struggling for this
property for ten or twelve years, i say, sir,
the House owes it to itself and to the country
to pass the resolution of the minority, saying
to these officers, " Retrace your steps, correct
the wrong which you have dofte; and put the
record right back where you found it." Well,
but it is said that the reeord got there through
some irregularity. Who knows this; and who
ct u properly determine this fact? It is not
charged that McGarrahan had anything to do
with making that record, and if it be irregular
that can be corrected by the courts. The courts
are the only tribunals except Congress that
