1450
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
can be appealed to to correct the record, if
there was error, and the Secretary's action was
unauthorized and improper. 1 say, then, that
we owe it to the integrity of the records of the
Government, we owe it to ourselves, we owe it
to justice and right to puttherecord back where
these menfound it, and to say that these records
shall be forever held sacred.
It is claimed that the survey which has been
made of the Gomez grant is irregular and
fraudulent. If that were so no wrong would
be done by the passage of the resolution of the
minority. It does not give any new force to
the record it proposes to restore. And if that
patent were issued andin McGarrahan'shands
the survey would be but prima facie evidence
of its correctness and the patent would be but
prima facie evidence of title. This was held
by the Secretary of the Interior on ordering
the patent.
It is asked why, if the patent was issued, did
not McGarrahan know it? I might ask why
was not the patent delivered to him years ago?
Two Secretaries of the Interior ordered this
done, and finally Mr. Lincoln, President of
the United States, ordered the patent issued
and delivered to McGarrahan. But somehow,
by some mysterious means, all these orders
were disregarded, and, finally, when there is
at least probable evidence that the patent was
executed and recorded, the factof such record
is not known for years, and when finally dis-
covered it is hastily and in a most irregular and
inexcusable manner shamefully mutilated. I
repeat that we owe it to ourselves to have this
wrong corrected, and I do not doubt that the
House will see the justice of doing so.
Mr. BlNGHAM addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
' Mr. PETERS. 1 now yield twenty minutes
to tlie gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in
common with a large number of gentlemen now
on this floor, more than two years ago I voted
for the bill which passed this House granting
:i patent to William McGarrahan, substantially
the same thing as will result if the House
adopts the resolution of my colleague from
Ohio. [Mr. Bingham.] I voted, as undoubt-
edly many other members did, as every gentle-
man on I his floor is compelled to vote on a
large number of questions, solely on the recom-
mendation of the committee. 1 knew not one
word of the merits or demerits of the case.
As a general rule it is safe to follow the recom-
mendation of a committee of the House where
they have examined the subject on which they
report.
But now, Mr. Speaker, we are reconsidering
the question, and our attention has been chal-
lenged by many public events to the merits of
the case, and I have given it the best study I
could. I desire to give the House the results
of my investigation. I shall divide what I
have to say into two parts : first, the merits of
the claim itself: second, the merits and con-
dition of some papers in the Interior Depart-
ment.
The only ground on which William McGar-
rahan pretends to possess a claim to any land
of the United States is that, December 22,1857,
he succeeded by purchase to the claim of Vi-
cente P. Gomez. Gomez claims that he is
entitled to a tract of land in California known
as the Panoche Grande rancho, by virtue of
a grant from the Mexican authorities in 1844,
before that country came under the flag of the
United States.
To get at the foundation of this claim we
must first inquire what were the provisions of
the Mexican laws by which atitle to lands could
be acquired, and second, did Gomez obtain a
grant in pursuance of these laws? The sub-
stance of the Mexican laws and regulations on
this subject has been frequently and fully stated
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
Without quoting these I will specially refer to
17 Howard, 542; 20 Howard, 69 ; 24 Howard,
346 ; 1 Black, 227, 298, and541, andnumerous
later decisions. In regard to the steps taken
by Gomez to secure a grant from the Mexican'
authorities, the official records of that country
show that in 1844 he filed a petition for a grant
of three leagues of land, and those records
show no other act whatever on his part, and no
grant or order for a grant on the part of the
authorities. The Mexican law made a formal
delivery of possession of real property granted
essential after the execution of the grant for
the investiture of the title, (see4 Wallace, 259;)
and actual possession of the land was also
essential.
Yet I defy all comers to show a scintilla of
proof in all the official records that in the
space of nine years from the date of his peti-
tion he did one thing that looked toward the
perfection of his grant or that he ever saw
the land, much less possessed it. This man
Gomez has a bad eminence in our courts of
law. I hold in my hand a report from Edwin
M. Stanton, who was sent on by the Govern-
ment of the United States to examine fraud-
ulent land claims. He reports that this man
Gomez has appeared as a witness in twelve
land-grant claims, and here is a list of them ;
and that the four witnesses who testified for
McGarrahan in this case appeared in from
twelve to thirty cases as witnesses in favor
of land grants scattered all over that country.
But there is another feature of Gomez's char-
acter that ought not to be omitted. I have
the report of Judge Hoffman, in the celebrated
Simantour case, from which I quote, volume
two, page 857:
"The fifth document is the grant to Ramon and
Francisco de Haro. In this case, which has not yet
been submitted lor decision, the deposition of Vi-
cente Gomez has been taken. _ This witness con-
fessed on the stand that the original grant produced
bv the claimants had been written by himselt in
1850 ; that at the time it had neither the rubrics of
Micheltorena nor of Castanares at the top, nor the
signature of Jimeno at the bottom; that the signa-
ture of Micheltorena was then very lightly traced.
He adds that he did this at the request of a Mr.
Gliddon, but that he had no idea ' so ridiculous a
thins; would be presented in court.'
'' In order to test the truth of the witness's state-
ment, and to ascertain whether he had, m confessing
a forgery, committed aperjury, he, at, the request of
claimant's counsel, wrote out in the presence oi the
court the grant which was dictated to him."
From this it will be seen that if he be not a
forger he is at least a perjurer ; and if his
statement be believed, he is a base forger of a
land grant.
Now, after he had thus been nine years in
dead silence, and after that country had passed
under our flag and a law of Congress had pro-
vided for settling and quieting land titles, and
a commission had been sent out for that pur-
pose, then, and not till then, Gomez appeared
on the scene and claimed-that he had had a
grant but that it had been burnt up. In con-
tinuation of the history of the case I quote
from the report of the Judiciary Committee :
" On March 3, 1851, the Congress of the United
States passed an act to ascertain and settle private
land claims in the State of California, &c., and pro-
viding for the appointment of three land commis-
sioners to pass upon them, with a right of appeal to
the United States district court for California, and
also to the United States Supreme Court.
" On the 9th of February, 1853. Gomez, by P. Ord,
his attorney, presented to the said land commission- !
ers a petition for the confirmation of his claim called
'Panoche Grande,' of the extent of four square
leagues, and stated that the grant had been made
by the Mexican Governor. lie filed no documentary
evidence of title, stating that the title papers were
destroyed daring the occupation ofMontereyby the
United States forces. In his petition to the land
commissioners he claimed lour square leagues, while
in the one to the Mexican Governor he asked for
only three. But there was no record evidence that
the Mexican Governor made Gomez any grant what-
ever. He endeavored before the land commission to
supply the deficiency of documentary title by parol
evidence,"
The names of the witnesses, as-well as that
of Gomez himself, frequently appear in the
records of the courts of the United States, and
in many instances appear in a most unfavor-
able light. It is clear to my mind that they
belonged to that class of professional witnesses
who so long infested the Msxican frontier, and
who were the ready tools of forgers and thieves.
There is direct evidence that Gomez was a
professional forger of land grants. The board
of land commissioners, after hearing all the
testimony, rejected the claim March 6, 1855,
on the ground that Gomez '-failed entirely to
offer any proof whatever going to show that
he ever occupied, improved, or cultivated any
part of the land, or that any one ever did for
him, or that he ever saw the land."
I have read the remarkable history of this
case with some care, and I desire to call the
attention of the House to the fact that though
this claim has been before the courts in many
forms, yet from the 6th of March, 1855, the
day when the adverse decree of the commis-
sioners was filed, no court passed upon its
merits until its whole vast fabric of fraud and
villainy was crushed to atoms by the unani-
mous decree of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States ten years later. In the brief -time
allotted me I cannot follow out the series of
unparalleled frauds by which for ten years the
courts were prevented from reaching the de-
merits of this case. I have no time to sketch
the shameless villainy that led a United States
district attorney to betray the rights of his
client, (the Government,) and in the name
of the United States surrender to himself and
to the perjured forger whose partner he had
become a most valuable portion of the public
domain.
I cannot follow the steps by which these
claimants sent to the Supreme Court of the
United States a forged and lying record of an
appeal from the district, so as to have the
appeal dismissed and thus foreclose a judg-
ment. All these facts are clearly and fully
disclosed in the admirable report of the Judi-
ciary Committee, to whom the country owes a
debt of gratitude for the patient and thorough
manner in which they have investigated this
case.
But, Mr. Speaker, though I cannot follow
this case through all its tangled mazes of false-
hood and corruption, yet even in the brief
time allowed me I can point to sources of in-
formation and to authorities more than suffi-
cient to enlighten the mind and conscience of
the House oil the merits of the pending prop-
osition. And, first of all, let it be understood
that this case has not now, and never had, any
right to be here. Whatever right or pretense
ot right McGarrahan or Gomez may have
must be drawn from the land laws of the United
States. The defense and enforcement of such
rights belong to the courts of law and to the
executive offices of the Government. And
now, sir, I ask attention to the action and
opinions of the authorities who have passed
judgment on this claim. I invite attention to
the remarkable fact that no court nor any indi-
vidual judge of any court has ever expressed
the opinion or belief that there is any merit
whatever in this claim. I defy any member
on this floor to name the court or the judge
that has ever declared in favor of this claim
on its merits.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Allow me, then
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman should
not defy us and then allow us no opportunity
for reply.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On the con-
trary, every court through which it has passed
has set upon it its seal of condemnation, either
of the original merits of the claim, or of the
fraudulent methods by which it has been pros-
ecuted. I will prove this. In one form or
another this claim has been before the board
of commissioners ; Judge Ogier, of the south-
ern district of California; Judge Haight, suc-
cessor of Judge Ogier; the Supreme Court of
the United States, being heard by Chief Justice
Taney, and all the judges who have sat on that
bench since 1863.
The three commissioners, as we have already
