16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15;
Ho. or Reps.
Amnesty—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
the GoverEment of the United States, have
beer gnilty of the grossest wrong, oppression,
and violence in attempting to deprive him of
this right, in invading and devastating his land
and slaughtering his people. On the contrary,
if he attempted to overthrow his Government
in violation of the Constitution and of his
obligations under it, then he, and he alone, is
responsible for the war and all its terrible and
bloody consequences. I wish to have this mat-
ter made clear and distinct by every depart-
ment of this Government and recognized and
acknowledged by every citizen. Then I shall
be perfectly willing, so far as I am concerned,
that disabilities shall be removed and amnesty,
full, complete, and unlimited, intervene. If
amnesty and the removal of political disabili-
ties shall be granted sooner, whether by act of
Congress or by the people in the ordinary
exercise of their political functions, it will be
a fearful, I fear a fatal, mistake.
Gentlemen have intimated that the criminal
courts of the country ought to have interposed
to declare the law and to take the life of some
of these offenders as a just forfeit to its viola-
tion. I will not even go so far as that. I
would, however, have tried at least some one
leading, conspicuous man of the rebellion; I
would have had him found guilty upon the
facts and the declaration of the law that he was
deserving to be hanged; and then, if executive
clemency thought fit to interpose and save the
life of the offender, and let him go forth into
the world as a pardoned criminal saved from
the gallows, an example of the effects of trea-
son against the Government, I should have felt
no very great regret. The law would have at
least been vindicated.
We see that the action of the Democracy
in my.own State, merely a counterpart of the
action of the same party throughout the South,
is denunciatory of your amendment to the Con-
stitution, and of the law which you passed to
enforce it, condemning the latter as oppressive,
unconstitutional, and void. Let us have that
question settled. Suits which may result in
the settlement of it have been instituted in our
courts.
In utter defiance of the law and the Consti-
tution men have accepted the highest offices in
the State. In the court of last resort judges
are sitting in utter contempt of the authority
of Congress. Under the act to which I have
referred, the United States district attorney is
proceeding by writ of quo warranto to determ-
ine the right of those men to occupy such
positions. Let that question be judicially
determined; determined, if you please, by
the highest American tribunal. Let us see
whether we have an authority here which is
valid and available; let us see whether we
have anything to condone, whether there are
any political disabilities to be removed before
we go to work to remove them. If these men
are right they have incurred no disabilities.
It is we who have offended; we are the op-
pressors; sackcloth and ashes are the cov-
erings proper for us, royal apparel and multi-
plied hoinrs for them. The questions, are we
a Government, and have we a Government, so
often asked in this House ten years ago, are
yet to be conclusively and finally settled.
On the subject of amnesty, amnesty as dis-
tinct from the removal of political disabilities,
Mr. Speaker, I hardly know what to say, for
really, after some examination of this bill, I
am unable to comprehend the extent to which
it may possibly go. It will be observed that
it extends to ail who were engaged " in carrying
on, prosecuting, aiding, or interfering with the
war of the rebellion, in its behalf, or in behalf
of the Government of the United.States." It
applies also to "each and every person, and
all and singular, the bodies politic and cor-
porate and municipal." It not only relieves
from " all manner of treasons and misprisions
of treasons, felonies, and misprisions thereof,"
and other offenses of that character, but it also
extends to—
"All offenses,. contempts, trespasses, entries,
wrongs, deceits, misdemeanors, forfeitures, disabil-
ities, political or other, penalties, sums of money due
or owing, and generally of and from all other things,
causes, quarrels, suits, judgments, and executions
not in this act hereafter excepted, which may have
been xnade, done, committed, omitted, perpetrated,
incurred, or forfeited between the 11th day of April,
1861, and the 20th day of August, 1866."
This embraces a period of something over
five years. How far does this provision affect
sums of money which may be due? How many
debts does it wipe out? I confess I do not
know. In its literal terms, it might possibly
extinguish a large part of the debt of the United
States. Certainly, I suppose, it would extin-
guish debts created by towns and other munici-
pal corporations to raise bounties, and in other
modes to provide means for carrying on the
war. How many other pecuniary liabilities it
may affect I can hardly imagine. I am unwill-
ing to adopt a provision so broad.
What more? " Full restoration of all rights
and privileges lost or injured thereby and
therein." We can in a general way imagine
the extent to which that will reach. A citizen
comes up here with a claim, a claim for his
horses, a claim for property taken, a claim for
services rendered working in your trenches or
what not. You cannot answer that he was a
rebel. You have forgotten, oblivioned all that.
You have blotted out all distinction between
him and a loyal man. You have done more;
you have effaced all recollection that there ever
was such a distinction.
If you pay the loyal man for his services and
for his property, you must pay the rebel also,
because you have abolished all distinction, and
they stand equal before the law. The result
most likely would be that you would pay neither.
Your enemies once in power, they will be very
certain to pay themselves. Living in that part
of the country long before the war, during the
war, and now, I do know there are many per-
sons who have claims against the Government,
growing out of the war, for supplies furnished,
for labor performed, and for various subsidia-
ries to the suppression of the rebellion ; claims
that every honest man, sitting as a judge be-
tween the United States and the claimant, would
say ought to be paid. These people were your
friends—friends at great personal sacrifice;
some of them were in your armies, some lost
their husbands fighing your battles, and all of
them are entitled to be remunerated by every
consideration which can entitle a citizen to
remuneration for private property furnished
and for services rendered to the country in
time of war. The claims, though numerous,
are very few of them large. The claimants for
the most patt were poor. It was little that
they furnished, but that little was oftentimes
their all. A small crop of grain or hay, a few
pounds of meat stored for the winter, a horse,
a cow, a few sheep or pigs were all they had,
and they gave it to their country. I prefer, Mr.
Speaker, for one, to see Congress just before it
is generous—justice to your friends before gen-
erosity to your enemies. I prefer to see Congress
engaged in honestly paying these meritorious
people, who have been petitioning, many of
them, for relief from the close of the war until
now. I prefer to see them taken care of and
provided for before we stop to remove the
restraints and disqualifications which attach
to the abettors of treason. Your friends first,
your enemies afterward. Next to doing justice
is giving public satisfaction. There is a moral
sense in the country, in the bosom of every
man, whether loyal or rebel, which tells us all
there ought to be by the Government in the
treatment of its citizens a distinction, deep
and wide, marked and lasting, between him
who was its friend during this miserable war
and him who was its enemy.
At the close of hostilities, and on the laying
down of arms, every rebel, knowing what he had
in reserve for his*enemies when vanquished,
expected to see his property forfeited as a mat-
ter of course. He expected to see himself
subjected to grievous painsandpenalties, even
if he did not lose his life; and you might have
readily compromised with him for his life and
for the privilege of living under your laws, and
he would have cheerfully surrendered all of his
property and all claim to take part in political
affairs, of holding office, or even of voting. But
while you were waiting to see the temper and
feeling and the condition of the subjugated
rebellion, when you began to grant amnesty
and pardon indiscriminately, through the Ex-
ecutive and otherwise, when it was seen there
was to be no deprivation of any personal rights,
then you had men, like the "rebel Democrats"
of my own State, coming up here and demand-
ing, very much in the stand-and-deliver style
of the footpad, to be relieved from the sole
remaining disability which the people had im-
posed upon them by the amendment to the
Constitution, and saying that such disability
was in derogation of their rights as American
citizens. Amnesty, as such, they have never
asked for; they do not care for it for them-
selves, they have none for their enemies. All
they seek is political power ; to get once more
the control of public affairs, first in the South,
then throughout the country. After that they
will have little occasion for amnesty. And I
admonish gentlemen, both in the House and
out of it, who have been priding themselves on
their favorite nostrum of "universal amnesty
and universal suffrage," to examine it care-
fully and see whether it be aught but a glitter-
ing piece of political empiricism, and, like all
the nostrums of empiricism, better in theory
than in practice; to be talked about in health,
than to be taken in sickness.
Mr. Speaker, I see in his seat the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who told
me that he had something to say which would
occupy but a minute or two. and I will yield
to him to say it here, if he desires to do so. -
Mr. Sargent's remarks have already ap-
peared. When he concluded,
Mr. MAYNARD. I can appreciate the
embarrassment felt by my friend from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Saisgext,] and by-other northern
gentlemen, in consequence of the great con-
trariety of sentiment among the Union men in
the South. That has been a source of em-
barrassment, not to Union men themselves
merely, but to the Government. It has' been
so from the beginning of the war. I will not
discuss these diversities of opinion nor attempt
to trace their causes. There is some diversity
of opinion among the Republicans in my own •
State. I suppose there might, perhaps, be five
per cent, of them—although I do not believe
more than half that number—-who would dis-
sent from the opinions which I have expressed
this morning. The great body of the Repub-
licans in my State, and, as I believe, through-
out, the entire South, if they were polled and
their opinions taken, man by man—and in
using the term Republicans, I mean those who
have been the Union men of the South before,
during, and since the war—would be found to
take the ground which I have taken here to-
day, and which I am attempting to support.
As to the various reasons operating on the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] to
influence his.vote, I have given my views of
some of them. Other gentlemen have very
fully discussed the others.
But I must advert to a consideration which
has been thrown out here and presented some-
what prominently elsewhere. It has been said
that it you admit these unpardoned rebels to
seats in Congress, with their haughty and over-
bearing manners, their fierce and dictatorial
tone, their hostile and insulting propositionsj
