1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
625
I am absolutely certain that it cannot pass
either House with this proposition in it. There-
fore, being in favor of a bill to pay the several
States the amount of interest which they have
paid out up to the time of reimbursement by
the General Government, I am for the amend-
ment proposed, to strike out all in relation to
discouut.
Why, sir, take the case of my own State, as
I observed the other day when I was on the
floor on this same que&tion. We paid our
soldiers in Vermout hundreds of thousands of
dollars extra pay per month. Will the Gen-
eral Government ever propose to pay back that
sum? Certainly not. We al&o furnished some
of our officers, gratuitously, with side-arms.
The General Government declines to pay for
those. Of course we do not expect to be re-
imbursed for them. But if this simple, naked
proposition shall be adopted, it will be fol-
lowing the precedents heretofore established;
that is to say, the General Government, while
declining to pay interest to individuals, has
recognized the principle of paying the several
States interest upon moneys advanced for the
benefit of the General Government. If we
can have a clean, naked bill, comprehending
so much and no more, I am in favor of it;
otherwise I shall vote against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, there is
no bill that has been proposed at this session
of Congress, in my judgment, so important
or which involves such large amounts as this
question of the payment of interest to the
States for advances. I believe that the States
are just as much entitled to interest upon the
amount of money advanced by them as they
are entitled to the principal; but the state-
ment of a general rule which may enable the
accounting officers to settle these accounts is
a matter of considerable difficulty. Probably
110 subject growing out of the war of 1812 gave
rise to more contrariety of" opinion than the
question of the adjustment of interest on the
accounts of the several States; and it was only
at the last session of Congress that we paid
what is, I hope, the last claim for interest
growing out of the adjustment of the accounts
between the States and the General Govern-
ment at that time.
I desire to favor the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Indiana for another reason. The
State of Indiana has peculiar claims for inter-
est, and a peculiar claim to relief for advances
made during the war, because it is a matter of
history that the then Gov.rnor of that State,
now our colleague here, took the responsi-
bility, not exactly in a revolutionary way, but
certainly took the responsibility of pledging
the State of Indiana under peculiar circum-
stances, when it was dangerous to convene
the Legislature of Indiana lest they might do
acts in hostility to the Government of the
United States. I believe that no act during
the late war was more deserving of credit, and
none will be more highly extolled in the future,
than the responsibility taken by the then Gov-
ernor of Indiana, now the Senator from that
State. If, therefore, a bill was introduced
authorizing the reimbursement of the State of
Indiana for money borrowed under the extra-
ordinary circumstances which surrounded him,
I should feel disposed to make that an excep-
tion, because I believe there was no other case
like it m the United States. There was no
other Legislature that was likely to have
resorted to such revolutionary expedients as
the Legislature of the State of Indiana.
But, sir, the bill as it now stands, either the
original proposition or the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana, in my
judgment does not lay down a correct rule in
settling these accounts. Without saying any-
. thing about this bill, the other day I went to
the Treasury Department to get the details and
basis to know how much would be involved in
the settlement of this interest.. I have not yet
received that information, though I am told
it is being prepared. The amount of claims
41st Coxa. 3d Sess.'—No. 40.
made by the different States, the principal of
which has been settled, is enormous. I will
not venture to state the amount, because I may
not reach within many millions of it; but I
know that the amount settled in the State of
Ohio was several millions of dollars. The
amount would probably run up to ten or
twenty million dollars. The interest upon this
money from the time that it was advanced
until it was reimbursed by the United States
would be a very large sum indeed.
There is only one rule in such cases, and that
is to allow a fixed rate of interest to all the
States for the money advanced, from the time
it was advanced up to the time it was reim-
bursed. That is the rule which we apply to all
other private contracts and private transac-
tions; and unless there is some exceptional
merit or equity we ought not to depart from that
rule. It is the rule of law, the rule of equality
applied in all eases of violation of contracts
between individuals ; and although in some
cases the creditor may be compelled to suffer
very severe losses by the failure of his debtor
to pay, vet that is not considered areason either
in a court of law or in a court of equity why
the rate of interest should be increased.
Mr. MORTON". The amendment has been
made in regard to that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no such amend-
ment in the copy of the bill that I have.
Mr. CONKLING. I will state to the Sen-
ator that no such amendment has prevailed.
The Senator from Indiana will remember that
although he was willing to accept it the Sen-
ator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] objected
to it, and thereupon his consent was withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There has
been an amendment adopted inserting the
words "not exceeding the rate of six per
cent."
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not in the copy of
the bill which I have before me, and which
was handed to me by the Secretary. No such
amendment has been adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understood
at the time that it was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I beg the attention
of the Senate to these two propositions as they
stand, and they will see precisely the effect of
the adoption of either of them, and whether
either of them will accomplish the purpose
desired. The first bill introduced by the Sen-
ator from Indiana reads as follows:
That any State or States which during the recent
war was compelled to and did borrow money to pur-
chase supplies, equip troops, and to pay expenses
incurred in raising, equipping, furnishing, and trans-
porting troops for the service of the United States,
shall have refunded the interest paid by such State
on such borrowed money.
Suppese a State, as in the case of the State
of Ohio, had a surplus of money on hand, or
immediately levied a very large tax and raised
the money without borrowing and paid that
money over to the United States, and it was
not reimbursed until years afterward ; is there
any reason why that State should not have
the interest on that money reimbursed ? Is
the providence, or care, or good credit of a
State to weigh against it in the settlement of
this account"? Certainly not. The interest is
due simply because the United States, for the
common benefit of all, desired the State to
raise and pay this sum of money; and whether
the money was on hand or raised by taxation,
or was borrowed, in either event the interest
ought to be reimbursed. So that the rule laid
down by the honorable Senator in his original
proposition is not a just one. It would only
cover the cases of those States that were com-
pelled to borrow money, and would not cover
the case of States that had money on hand, or
that at once levied on their citizens a tax in
order to raise it.
It so happens that our bonds in Ohio never
sold for less than par. Generally the people
felt that it was better to meet these extraordin-
ary expenses at once and levy enormous war
taxes in order to meet them. The result was
that our debt at the close of the war was less
than at the beginning; but whatever money
was advanced in this operation ought to be
repaid with interest.
In the case of Indiana, on account of the
peculiar condition of Indiana, the Governor
of that State dared not call the Legislature
together. It was feared that the legislation
that would be proposed by that Legislature
might endanger the very existence of the Gov-
ernment. itself; that it was not safe to trust the
ordinary legislative power. Therefore he was
compelled to resort to extraordinary means to
get money, and I believe did borrow money
upon his own authority for some time.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. In an extraordinary case
of that kind I am not sure but that the rule
ought to be applied, that whatever the State
of Indiana under those circumstances was
compelled to suffer, the loss of interest and
the rate of interest ought to be reimbursed;
but that ought to be an exceptional case. A
rule ought not to be framed to meet that case
which would work inequality to other States.
The next proposition of the original bill is
this :
And the discount suffered on bonds sold to bor-
row such money, the discount being necessary in
order to sell said bonds.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator goes
to that I should like to remind him of one thing,
if he will allow me. If I understand it, this
proposition is much broader than that which
he has stated. It is not only to do what he has
commented upon, hut to compel the Govern-
ment to pay prospective interest as long as
these bonds shall run.
Mr. MORTON. That has been amended.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the bill as handed
to m e by the Clerk, and I am commenting upon
that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana may depend upon it that it has not yet
been amended in that regard. I hope we shall
have a vote upon it. The Senator from Ohio
I is speaking of the original bill, and I am call-
ing his attention to that fact. It seems to me
a most noteworthy feature.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont covers that.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; thatamendment
simply confines the interest to be allowed to
interest upon such amounts as shall havebeen
reimbursed, and it still leaves the idea of pros-
pective interest, and the Senator from Indiana
will not disclaim it.
Mr. MORTON. I will simply say that in
any case where the money has not yet been
paid by the Government it would be proper
for the Government to pay interest on that
money up to the time that it is paid, would it
not?
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator does
not understand the point. If I understand it,
it is that where a bond is outstanding, of the
State of New York, if you please, which was
given to raise money for the purpose to which
the amendment limits the bill, although that
bond may run for ten years to come, the State
is to be reimbursed the interest which here-
after it shall pay.
Mr. MORTON. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; that is not in the bill. I disclaimed that
the other day.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, because you said
the bonds of New York were issued for other
purposes. But had they been issued for this
purpose, would not my construction be cor-
r<iMr. SHERMAN. The second clause of
the original bill introduced an element ot
uncertainty that, I believe, would render ;t
utterly impossible for the accounting offi-
cers, certainly without taking great volumes
of testimony, to settle these accounts. It
provides for the allowance of "the discount
suffered on bonds sold to borrow such money,
