626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
the discount being necessary in order to sell
said bonds." The discount may have varied
from day to day. These bonds may have been
sold, in $1,000, $500, or in small sums, vary-
ing from day to day. As the bonds were sold
every day, the price of them varied day by
day, according to the manner of negotiation.
It. would be utterly impossible for an account-
ing officer to state this account; but, even
"if he could, this is not right or just. It seems
to me that the only way is to take everything
at par; to allow the States the amount of
money they paid, and reimburse that money
with interest, no matter whether they raised
the money by taxation, or by issuing bonds,
or in any other way ; and to go into that is to
introduce an element of uncertainty that ought
not to enter into the account.
The proposition, as amended by the Senator
from Indiana, if 1 have it correctly, and it is
furnished me by the Clerk, (eaves all these
elements of uncertainty in the statement of the
account, and besides adds this other element
of uncertainty, "and tbe discount suffered on
bonds sold to borrow such money, or suffered
on the scrip issued to pay such accounts." In
some eases the States issued scrip, and with
that scrip bought supplies, provisions, and
various equipments necessary for these troops,
using the scrip at par to purchase the articles.
The probability is that the discount on this
scrip is represented in the increased price
of the very articles purchased by the scrip in
some cases. The Senator from Minnesota
said, however, that the State of Minnesota sold
her scrip at so much discount, and used the
money, the proceeds of the sale of the scrip,
to buy these articles 
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, or paid the creditor
the difference.
Mr. SHERMAN. But in other cases the
scrip was used actually for the purpose of buy-
ing supplies, used to pay for supplies, and, in
consequence of the use of this scrip, in the
absence ef money, especially early in the war,
tbe articles themselves were paid for at much
-larger prices; and if we pay back the money
cost of these articles to the States it is all that
we ought to be asked to do.
Now, Mr. President, as the amounts in-
volved are large, so large that I scarcely ven-
ture to make the statement of them, I think
it would be much better to refer this bill to
the Committee on Finance, and allow them
to examine into the matter and to frame a
correct rule to be applied to all these States
in the adjustment of their interest account,
and to do it after consulting with the various
accounting officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment. It is with some reluctance that I make
a motion to refer the hill to a committee of
which I am a member, because I certainly do
not desire to have this labor put upon me; but
as this is a question of so much importance,
1 think the'Senate ought not to undertake to
mature this bill here, when the bill is, in my
judgment, so imperfect, until it has been fully
examined by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, who are familiar with the statement
and settlement of accounts.
Mr, SUMNER. Has it not been before the
committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been before the
Military Committee, but it has not been re-
ferred to the accounting officers ; and when I
went to the Treasury Department in regard to
this bill the accounting officers were not aware
that such a measure was pending in Congress.
I have no objection to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs inquiring further about it, and if
it could be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with instructions, I should be
satisfied; but, on the whole, I think it had bet-
ter be referred to the Committee on Finance
with instrtfctions to examine into the matter,
to consult the various accounting officers, and
to prescribe general rules, because if we legis-
late now so as to involve ourselves by declar-
ing rules that will not be fair, it will lead to
interminable controversy hereafter between
the different States. It is not possible that
States which advanced money in the way of
taxes should be satisfied not to have interest
on their accounts while States that borrowed
money are reimbursed the interest they paid.
That would be clearly and manifestly unjust.
My advice is that this bill be sent to the
Committee on Finance with instructions to
report at an early day, and let the whole
matter be submitted to the proper account-
ing officers, and then we shall be able to act
intelligently on the subject hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion?
Air. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
then, is on the reference.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am surprised to hear the
Senator from Ohio say that this bill is unfair.
I think it the most equitable proposition that
has been brought to the attention of this Con-
gress. and it has been too long delayed. We
have cause to censure ourselves for the delay
in this direction. Why is it unfair't When
you called on the States for troops you called
upon them per capita, and they furnished in
that proportion. The poorer States, the remote
States, contributed as many men in proportion
to their population as you did who were near
the money centers. You want to make up
now the expenses of this war in the same pro-
portion. That is the result of your proposi-
tion, and there we differ from you. We think
your proposition is inequitable. Why should
we not.be reimbursed for the difference be-
tween our credit, if you please to call it such,
and that of the State of New York? You
know that the credit of" a State does not de-
pend simply on the ability of its people, but
on their convenience to the money centers of
the world. You in New York, you iu Ohio,
you in Pennsylvania, had the ability to nego-
tiate loans and your scrip at better rates than
we had in the far West. Did we hesitate on
that account? We never hesitated. Far ofF
as we were, and comparatively poor as our
people were, we sent from Minnesota twenty-
five thousand men to this war. livery one of
them, in going and returning to his home,
marched over five thousand miles in distance;
and yet the State was poor;.she could not
negotiate her bonds at par; her scrip was
below par. I was at that time a State officer,
and I think our salaries were paid in scrip at
a depreciation of thirty or forty per cent., but
we did not hesitate ou that account.
Now, why should not this difference be made
up to us? Why do you make us pay the ex-
penses of this war in this way and in the same
proportion that you called upon us to contrib-
ute our men? I say it is unfair, and it is
unjust; and not only was it unjust in the past,
but it is a piece of bad policy for the future.
If you ever get into difficulties again you want
to hold out an invitation to the poorest States
to march up as promptly as you who are
wealthy and have a surplus of money in your
treasuries. If you establish this precedent
now, the precedent which the Senator from
Ohio would have established, and deny this
justice to these poorer communities of the
country, you to that degree shake their patri-
otism.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the next war
Minnesota will be so rich that she will have
plenty of money.
Mr. RAMSEY. But other States may then
be as poor as she was when this war broke
out.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to have
this bill go to the Finance Committee, and I
shall advocate that disposition of it. If I
understand the object of the Senator from
Indiana, it is to equalize the burdens of the
war so that the people of every State shall
bear their just proportion. Is that object car-
ried out by his bill? Let us see.
Now, what are the facts ? Tbe Government
in 1861 was embarrassed and wanted men.
The Government made a requisition upon the
States for men. It wanted those men for
actual service, and it called upon the States in
proportion to their ability to furnish men. The
men were furnished; they rendered the ser-
vice, and the Government paid them for that
service—paid the same to men from one State
that it did to men from another. In addition
to that it was necessary for the States to
expend money to equip and to organize the
troops and to furnish them with supplies. The
Government has reimbursed those States, or
there is a law under which they may be reim-
bursed for the money thus expended.
Up to that point there is certainly equality,
and nothing but equality. Each State has
furnished men ; the men have rendered ser-
vice; the service has been compensated ; and
the payment which the States made have been
reimbursed, or there is authority for reimburs-
ing it. There is equality ; but now comes the
inequality, that which is claimed to be unjust.
What is that inequality, and what is the cause
of it? The facts are that some States had no
money and others had. Some States that had
no money levied a tax upon their people and
their people paid that tax, and the money thus
raised was expended for supplies for the troops.
Other States issued their bonds, somis bearing
five per cent, interest and soma six per cent,
interest, and those bonds were negotiated at
par. Other States again issued bonds, and for
some reason their bonds were sold in the mar-
ket at eighty-five or ninety or ninety-five cents
on the dollar; and this is said to be unequal,
and it is to make up this deficiency that the
bill is introduced. What is the cause of this
inequality? It arises from one of two causes,
and perhaps from both. These States had not
the credit to obtain the money at par, or their
agents did not knpw how to reach capitalists
who would furnish money at par. Capitalists
made a choice, a selection, if they had refer-
ence to the value of credit; but the agents
reached whomsoever they could. Now, the
plan is to make up this deficiency of five or
ten per cent, by laying a tax upon the peo-
ple of those States who furnished their full
share.
I ask the Senate if that is equal taxation?
When one community has paid its part and
all that is essential to the performance of its
duty, is it fair and equal that it shall be bur-
dened with additional taxation to make up the
deficiency arising either from the want of
credit o-f another State or the inefficiency of
its agents? I say there is no justice in it. I
say still further, it is impossible to make this
matter equal; in the very nature of things it
is impossible. >
Let me make another suggestion. The State
which 1 have the honor in part to represent
issued her bonds and sold one issue of them
at four per cent, premium and another issue
from ten to twelve per cent, premium. If the
principles presented in this bill are carried
out, and the State of Connecticut shall pay
her proportion of this deficiency, or that which
is called a deficiency in other States, I should
like to know if the State of Connecticut has still
not borne less than her part of the burden. If
you are going to equalize it on these principles
you should call on the State of Connecticut to
put into the public Treasury the four per cent,
and the ten or eleven per cent, which she re-
ceived as premium on her bonds. But would
that be equality? I do not believe the Senate
would think so. ,
But there is another point in which I think
1^ may show the inequality of this measure.
The States were called upon for service. They
rendered the service. It took men from differ-
ent parts of the country. They left their plows
in the furrows and their hammers oil the anvil ;
they closed their shops ; they abandoned th ir
business pursuits and entered into the service ;
but when they returned to thnir homes they
found their property wasted, and the loss great.
