1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
majority of the Judiciary Committee of this
House in the Fortieth Congress reported in
McGarrahan's favor, and a bill was passed
through the House granting him the land in
question. As I have-already said, in company
with many members around me who knew
nothing of the merits of the ease, I followed
lhe recommendation of the committee and
voted for the bill. I did so without any knowl-
edge of its merits, and I am glad to have this
opportunity to atone for my vote on that occa-
sion. The bill went from the House to the
Senate, and there received the attention of the
Senate Committee on the Judiciary. After
full hearing that committee reported against it.
The House will be instructed by reading the
able report of that committee, presented to
the Senate by Senator Williams, of Oregon,
February 24, 1869. I will quote a passage.
The committee say:
"Great reliance has been placed upon the report
of the House Judiciary Committee in favor of this
bill, but it is to be notieed that upon the subject of
the grant no allusion is made to the law by that
honorable committee, but ail the Mexican regula-
tions and all the decisions of the Supreme Court
touching that vital point in the case are wholly ig-
nored. Congress cannot hold that therewas agrant
in this case without disregarding the law under
which it is alleged the grant was made, nor without
trampling under foot the repeated and uniform de-
cision of the Supreme Court upon this subject, and
unsettling and overturning the whole system ofland
titles in California, upon the stability of which mil-
lions of property and the peace of whole communi-
ties depend for their existence/' * * * *
"McGarrahan, however, does not stand alone in
this controversy.
"Dependent upon the passageof the bill before
the Senate is a prize of more than half a million dol-
lars. Politicians, lawyers, and editors have taken
large shares in the lottery; the professional lobby,
both male and female, have been marshaled, and
behind and around McGarrahan is a crowd impatient
of delay and hungry for the spoils of victory.
" The undersigned suomit their report with the
utmost confidence that the Senate will resist this
pressure; that it will uphold the law as it has been
settled by the uniform decision of the Supremo Court
for nearly twenty years; that it will protect the title
to hundreds of millions of property threatened by
this bill, and that it will decide now for all time that
speculators in Mexican land titles, defeated in the
courts of justice, will find no favor lor their swindling
schemes in the Halls of legislation/'
And last of all, we have the clear and ad-
mirable report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which, as I understand, has the assent
of every member of that committee, so far as
the denunciation of the McGarrahan claim is
concerned, save the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldridge] and my colleague from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
In reviewing the ground already traveled
over it will be seen that the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Fortieth Congress stand alone
in their expression in favor of the claim of
McGarrahan.
Over against that action stand the judicial
and executive departments of the Govern-
ment, the Senate of the United States, and the
majority of the Judiciary Committee of this
House.
Aud now, Mr. Speaker, what arguments
have been advanced in this debate in favor of
McGarrahan? I can count them on the fin-
gers of my one hand. And first and chiefly,
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
says ''that the decree of the commission
which rejected the Gomez claim ought to be
overruled, because their ground of rejection
was that Gomez had never taken possession
of the land and he quoted the MaripoSa
claim of Fr6mont vs. The United States to
show that possession was not necessary.
I tried to ask the gentleman a question, and
I think he understood what my question would
have been, but lie declined to allow me. I
should have asked him then what I nowassert,
that the Fr6mont case did not abolish the rule
that possession was necessary.
The court determined in this ease that Fr6-
mont had proved by satisfactory evidence that
he did everything in his power to take posses-
sion, that he made all possible efforts to pos-
sess his land for which he had an undisputed
grant, bttt that the Indian and Mexican hos-
tilities prevented his taking possession; and
the court declared him as having constructive
possession. I quote from the decision, (17
Howard, page 542:)
" The fact that the country where the land laid was
such a wilderness and bordered by such dangerous
neighbors that no plan could then be prepared is
proved by these documents, and the fact, officially
admitted, is worthy of consideration when we come
to inquire whether there was unreasonable delay in
taking possession."   * * 4 *  
" Now, it is very clear, from the evidence, that dur-
ing the continuance of the Mexican power it was
impossible to have.made a survey or to have built a
house on the land and occupied it for the purposes
for which it was graated." * * * * *
"The same causes which made it impossible to take
possession of the premises and obtain a survey made
it equally impracticable to obtain the approval of
the d epartmental assembly. The confusion and dis-
order of the times prevented it from holding regular
meetings." (17 Howard, pp. 562-3, Fremont vs. Uni-
ted States.)
In a subsequent decree, in the case of
Graham vs. The United States (report in 4
Wallace,) thegeneral principle of law is main-
tained .that possession was necessary and that
the Fremont case was exceptional for the rea-
sons above stated.
Thus the position of the gentleman from
Kentucky falls to the ground.
Mr. BECK. Did not the Supreme Court
follow that same rule in every case from 1856
to 1864 ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They did not
follow it in this case, and that is enough for me.
Mr. BECK. No ; but they did op to 1864.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This case was
decided on the point made by the gentleman,
[Mr. Beck.]
Mr. KERB. They did not follow it in any
such case as this.
Mr. BECK. They followed it until 1864.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
does not deny my assertion, that the general
rule prevails that there must be possession to
confirm a grant; aud that answers the whole
strength of his argument of yesterday.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] made another point for McGarrahan.
He admits that the Supreme Court utteily ex-
ploded the claim, but he says that the Supreme
Court had no jurisdiction of the case when
they decided against Gomez. I answer that
the court unanimously decided that they had
jurisdiction, and I let their decree answer the
gentleman's opinion.
This is all I have time to say on the merits
of the Gomez-MeGarrahan claim to land.
And now I come to the second point I pro-
posed to make in this discussion, namely, the
alleged claim arising out of certain papers in
the Land Office of the Interior Department,
and, as an incident to this, the condition of
these papers. If the subject were not so
serious I should say that the whole discussion
of this point was intended as a mere intel-
lectual diversion, rather than an earnest effort
to find any legal or equitable claim.
The substance of this new claim—I might
have said young claim, for it is less than eight
month sold—is, that whatever may be the mer-
its of the original Gomez-McGarrahan claim,
whatever may have been the decrees of the
courts or the orders of the President, a paper
writing called a patent was executed and
signed March 14, 1863, in favor of McGarra
han, and that therefore this paper should be
vitalized by Congress so as to transfer to Mc-
Garrahan threfe leagues of land with a quick
silver mine on it worth $10,000,000.
To the defense of this novel method of ac-
quiring property my colleague [Mr. Bingham]
devotes more than one third of the whole bulk
of his minority report. In this brilliant de-
fense of McGarrahan he has outstripped both
the zeal and the knowledge of McGarrahan
himself. McGarrahan petitions us to have the
patent signed; my colleague says it has been
signed these seven years.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to my colleague
not to misrepresent me. I ask him to repeat
the statement he has just made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will do so.
I have just said that I hold in my hand Mc-
Garrahan's memorial, in which he asserts that
the patent was never completed, was rt-ever
signed ; he complains of this, and asks to have
it signed.
Mr. KERR. And all his attorneys prior to
the 1st of last July admit the same thing.
. Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, his attor-
neys say the same thing. Nobody ever pre-
tended that the patent was signed until a few
months ago, when a rascal from New York
swore that it was signed.
I repeat it, sir, my colleague sets up a claim
that a patent for McGarrahan was executed
and signed. I say to him that he claims for
McGarrahan what McGarrahan does not claim
for himself in his own petition now pending
before this House, and what he never claimed
in any court, or in any petition or memorial
known to me or this House. It is worth while
to inquire how this question of McGarrahan's
claim got before this House. I answer, it came
here by a memorial signed by McGarrahan
himself; and as that document has not been
printed, I will give it to the House.
The memorial was presented March 4, 1860,
the first day of the existence of this Congress,
and reads as follows :
To the Forty-First Congress of the United States :
Your memorialist, "William McG-arrahan, of Cali-
fornia, humbly submits his memorial of the 11th
December. 1866, to the previous Congress, and rei'er-
ates all thetacts therein. Healso files herewith the
reports of Mr. Lawkenck and Mr. Wilson in behalf
of the Judiciary Committee of the House, and oi
Mr. Kellogg and Mr. Sawyer on the part of the
Committee on Private Land Claims of the Senate,
and a brief statement ol facts and arguments ot his
counsel,which setforth thewhole history and merits
of his case.
Your memorialist also appends a copy of the act
passed by tbe House of Representatives, which he
confidently believes would have been passed the
Senate had there been time after the reports of the
committee.
Your memorialist entertains this belief because
he confidently believes in the justice and equity <.f
his case.
Your memorialist states that he has had the opin-
ions, upon full investigations, of able counsel in
different parts of the United States, all of whom
agree that in exercising jurisdiction and reversing
the judgment of the district court of the southern
district of California, the Supreme Court transcended
its Powers, as well because there was, in fact, nu
'appeal, or citation and notice of appeal, as because
the pretended appeal was more than five years alter
the rendition ot the decree by the district court.
But whether this position be sound or not.^-our
memorialist was an innocent purchaser in good faith,
and he ought not be made to suffer, because of the
fraud or pretended fraud of the officers ol the Gov-
ernment.
He also submits that after so great a lapse of time,
and the approval and adjudication of his claims by
so many courts, officers, and congressional commit-
tees, there has continued to exist an equity in his
favor which cannot be disregarded without viola-
tion of faith on the part of tbe Government.
If your honorable body will refer to the original
title and the proofs thereof, it will be found that the
claim of your memorialist is lor " properly,"' the
protection of which is guarantied by the treaty of
Hidalgo, which treaty the nation cannot violate
with honor.
Your memorialist prays for early action, and that
in the meantime no action be allowed by the L md
Office, which will further violate the rights of sour
memorialist.
And, as in duty bound, your memoiialisfc will ever
pray, jcc.
WILLIAM McG ARB, All AN.
Washington, D. C., March, i, 1839.
It will be observed that this memorial in-
cludes by reference the whole of his former
memorial of December 11, 1866, which he
presented to the Fortieth Congress, and ex-
pressly reaffirms all the statements of that
memorial. That memorial of December 11,
1866, I now hold in my hand. In stating his
various complaints, he says, among other
things, page 22;
" The issuance of a patent for the grant was stayed
on the 12th March, 1863, professedly at the it quest,
of Attorney General Hates." - -
" This withholding of thepatent without any jus-
tifiable cause was brought to the attention ot his
Excellency, President Lincoln, who, after making
himself familiar with the facts of the case, ordered
that a pateut for the grant should issue to your me-
morialist, and in accordance with such order the
patent was engrossed and made out ready for sig-
nature."
"Your memorial istfurther shows that the scheme!
