1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
of tho combination in behalf of the squatter interest
was then brought to bear, to counteract tho order of
President Lincoln for the issuance of the patent.
To this end the squatters in California employed
Mr. Leonard Sweet of Illinois, a former law partner
of tho President, to use his influence to prevent the
issuance of the patent and the final defeat of the
grant.
"Mr. Sweet had gone to California empowered by
the Government to take military possession of the
New Almaden quicksilver mines, and as he enjoyed
the eoniidenee and friendship of the President, it
was sewn that through his services the purpose in
view could bo effected." * * * *
** Mr. Sweet arrived soon after in Washington,-and
succeeded in staying the issuaoceof the patent."
Among (lift many falsehoods put forth by
McGarrahan he has in this instance succeeded
in telling the truth. I affirm this t-bemore con-
fidently because it is corroborated by a cloud
of witnesses; indeed, Iknowof nonewhodeny
this statement of McGarrahan except my col-
league from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Bctler.]
These gentlemen assert, in spite of all Mc-
GarrahanJs protests to the contrary, that he
has had a perfect patent for nearly seven years.
In this branch of the contest I take the part
of McGarrahan against the superserviceable
claims of these gentlemen, and McGarrahan
and I have not only the able chairman of the
Judiciary Committee of the House pf Repre-
sentatives of the Fortieth Congress, but also
the late Commissioner of the General Land
Office, on our side. I hold in my hand a report,
which gentlemen can see by sending to the
Document Room for Senate Executive Docu-
ment 48, part three, Fortieth Congress, third
session, i quote from pages 79 and 80:
Thirty-Nixth Congress UnTted States,
House op Representatives,
Wasiiixgtox, I). C., January 17,18i>7.
Sir: Will you have the kindness to send me, for
the use of the House Judiciary Committee, at as
early an hour as possible, a copy of the patent which
was prepared and executed, but never delivered, in
the case of the Panochc Grande land grant?
Yours, truly. JAMES I\ WILSON.
Hod, Joseph S. Wilson,
Commissioner General Land Office.
Department of thr Interior,
Genesal Land Office.
January 18,1867.
Sir: Pursuant to your request of yesterday, re-
ceived this morning, I have the honor to inclose
herewith the original unexecuted patent for the
Panoche Grande rancho.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
JOS. S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Ja?JE3 F. Wilson, Chairman Judiciary Com-
mittee, House of Representatives.
Ttiirty-Xinth Congress United States,
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C., January 21,1837.
Sir: I have received the unexecuted patent for the
Panoche Grande, bearing date March 14,1863, for
which I am obliged to you.
But I am informed that there is a later patent of
later date, either executed or partly executed, which
was never delivered.
Will you have the kindness to ascertain if this is
so, and if so, send me this later patent at as early an
hour as possible?
Very respectfully, yours,
JAMES F.WILSON,
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
Hon. Joseph S. Wilson,
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office,
January 21, 1867.
Sir: I have the houor to acknowledge tho receipt
of your letter of present date, and to state that the
unexecuted patent sent with my letter of 18th in-
stant is the only one ever prepared in this office, and
no other has ever been partially executed hero.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
JOS. S. WILSON, Ownmiauoner.
Hon. James I?. Wilson, Chairman Judiciary Com-
mittee House of Jiepresentatives*
This correspondence was carried on while
the Judiciary Committee were investigating
McGarrahan's claim. The committee .made
their report through Hon. J. F. Wilson, their
chairman, May 8, 18G8, and in it, as quoted in
my colleagues [Mr. Bingham] minority report,
page 28, is the following passage:
"In accordance with thh order of the President of
th© United States to the Secretary of the Interior,
a patent was actually made out, but, for reasons not
fully explained, never delivered to him for signa-
ture." °
There is another important witness to the
same point. My distinguished colleague [Mr.
Lawrence] was a member of the Judiciary
Committee of the Fortieth Congress, and he
made a report on this same McGarrahan claim
March 26, 1867, more than a year before Mr.
Wilson's report was made. On page 82 of
the Senate document from which I have
already quoted I find the following:
Hoose of Representatives,
Washington City, May 2,1867.
I made a report from the Judiciary Committee of
the House, firstsession. Fortieth Congress, relative to
the rancho Panoche Grande, in California. The
patent, prepared at General Land Office, but never
executed, was sent with my report to the Govern-
ment Printing Office, and I requested the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing to return it to the House
Clerk, so it could go back to the Land Office. Mc-
Phcrson, the Clerk, tells me it cannot be returned
unless you write a letter to him requesting its return.
I suggest that you write such letter. If convenient,
also please examine my report and give me any
suggestion you deem proper, as the matter is still
undisposed of and pending in Congress.
Respectfully,
, WM. LAWRENCE, M. O. of Ohio.
I will be at the House of Representatives during
all of May probably. W. L.
Hon. Commissioner General Land Office.
Time would fail me to recite even a moiety
of the testimony to the same effect. Indeed,
the statement made by McGarrahan iu his
petition, on which we are now acting, is con-
tradicted by only one witness, the late clerk,
Stoddard, who speaks from memory after seven
years had passed.
I can find no way out of this conflict of tes-
timony except by agreeing with the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peters.] that in attempting
to fix up the case for McGarrahan better than
McGarrahan claimed it was, Stoddard lied,
and the opposing cloud of witnesses told the
truth.
But my colleague is not to be put off by the
uusigoed patent. He and the cunning gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] have
devised a still wiser plan to get McGarrahan
a patent "unbeknownst to himself." The
eagle eye of the gentleman from Massachusetts
has discovered nine perforations in the parch-
ment sheets of the patent and only four in
the cover or protecting wrapper! Sine ilia
laclirymcs. This is the beginning of that ter-
rible mutilation which has torn its rough way
through the McGarrahan claim for the last
seven years.
I tried in vain to catch the wayward glance
of the honorable gentleman's eye yesterday,
and ask him to let me suggest whether some
unlucky printer's devil might not have been
the innocent cause of this unhappy rending of
ribbons and puncturing of lambskin: but he
seemed unwilling to have the web of his argu-
ment mutilated by any interruption. Now, I
may make my suggestion. It is in evidence that
the unsigned pateut never went out of the Land
Office till it was called for in 1887 by the
Judiciary Committee of the House. I am sorry
to disturb the "nine-hole" theory of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
but I must quote from page 83 of the Senate
document from which I have drawn so often.
Here is the passage:
Fortieth Congress United States,
Washington, D. c., May'i, 1S67.
I handed you a letter yesterday, saying you might
address Clerk of the House for patent, &a. I now
send you tho unexecuted p-Uent for the California
ruiK'ho Panocbo Grande. You will see ic requires
fastening together, as the printers tore it apart.
Ple:ise acknowledge receipt, so I can file it with Clerk
of House. You will see the patent (except the dia-
gram of plaU is printed in Report No. 5, first session
Fortieth Congress, made March 26,1867.
Respectfully, WJI. LAWREXOE.
Letter will reach me addressed to me at House of
Representatives for two weeks yet or more.
W. L.
Hon. Commissioner General Land Officb.
Mr. Speaker, the parchment patent is itself
in the House atthe present moment, and I have
examined it. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Builer] does not see eye to eye with
me on this subject, and I will not, therefore,
trust ray own eyes alone. But a distinguished
member of the Judiciary Committee £Mr.
Hotchkiss] has examined this patent with
great care, and day before yesterday gave us
the benefit of his inspection. Here are his
remarks as reported in the Globe of yester-
day:
" Mr. Speaker, there is ono point to which I wish
to call the attention of the House, and that Is in
relation to this original patent, which is now in the
room of the Committee on the Judiciary. Gentle-
men differ in their statements about it, owing, I
suppose, to the different way in which they look at
it. So far as my eyes serve me that original patent
has not a variation in a single stitGh or u single leaf.
There are just as many holes made on tho last leaf,
which should have the signature upon it, as there
are upon the others, and they correspond in plaee
and size. To all appearance these were made at
the same time as the others. The cover when put
on the outside of the patent was fastened by holes
punched through the cover and patent; and they
did not happen to meet the holes made by stitching,
so that there are more holes in the patent than there
are in the cover. But the eover has nothing on the
inside, no place for a signature.
" The patent is perfeet in itself. It has never, to
all appearance, been meddled with in tho slightest
degree, except that when it was taken to the Print-
ing Office to be printed it was taken apart, and when
puttogether again the threads with which it had been
stitched were left out, and it was put together by
tape running through the cover and all. There is not
in the appearance of thepaperthe slightest evidence
of fraud; and with regard to the othwmatters taking
plaee in the Land Office a great many of them will
vanish at once when you come to examine them."
B t, sir, "no pent-op" parchment can
confine the zeal of those who believe in the
manifest destiny of McGarrahan. They have
rummaged the records, and they announce
that they have found a copy of this inchoate
patent, which is nearer complete than the
original; and therefore McGarrahan must have
his three leagues. It has been said that all
roads lead to Rome. I fear this one goes
beyond it. Behold how plain a tale shall put
this down.
It is in the evidence taken before the com-
mittee that until last July it was the imme-
morial -custom of the Interior Department to
enter the words of a land patent, first in the
record-book of the Land Office, and then copy it
on parchment, which parchment copy was then
sent to the Executive Mansion for signature.
No member of the Judiciary Committee will
deny this. Furthermore, it was the frequent
habit of the recording clerk to copy on his
book the name of the President and that of
his land-warrant clerk before they were in fact
signed on the parchment patent. This very
thing was done in the record of this case,
although the record was never sealed nor
signed by the recorder.
Now, it happened that ou the 13fch of July,
1870, this custom came to the notice of the
Secretary of the Interior, and he most prop-
erly ordered that this custom should prevail
no longer, and that wherever such false record
had been made the true state of the case should
be indorsed across the record. This indorse-
ment my colleague [Mr. Bingham] persists in
calling a mutilation of the record. This order
of Secretary Cox I am ready to defend against
all comers. He found the pernicious custom
had prevailed of making a record show a patent
as complete and signed which had never been,
completed or signed, and he issued a general
order that it should never be done again, aud
that wherever it had been done there should
be written iu red ink on the margin or across
the face of the record a simple statement of
the truth. He made the official records tell
the truth and not a lie, and this act has offended
my colleague. He made the order, not in refer-
ence to this patent alone, bat in reference to
all patents now recorded in his Department
and to all that may be recorded in the future.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is there
any other such patent from the Government?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The report of
the Judiciary Committee says there are. I
hold in my hand the order of Secretary Cox,
that every such patent should be so indorsed.
