630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
mode of treating considerations of the sort
■which might properly be called a sectional
argument. I refer to it now only for the pur-
pose of reminding the Senator that the whole
question here is whose ox at this particular
time is gored. When the honorable Senator's
ox is gored he thinks it is very sectional that
it should be so : and when it is the other way,
perhaps the same feeling occurs to somebody
else.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator when I made such an argument as he
attributes to me? The Globe is open to the
Senator, and he can find it if it is there. I
may have argued oh the question oftheincome
tax that the tax should be paid where the
wealth exists. It' the wealth is in the hands
of the few, there is where the tax should come
from, because they have got it. That is not a
sectional argument. If the wealth were scat-
tered in the hands of a few people in the West,
would they riot pay the tax because they had
it? If I have ever argued differently from that
1 am not aware of it.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator has now
repeated in part the argument which I ascribed
t« him. My allusion to that argument, ho
says, is introducing a sectional argument. I
simply introduce it to show that his doctrine
is that he has cause for congratulation, I will
not say of triumph, when he commends a tax
which so works itself out that other portion's
of the country pay the whole of it; but when
he finds an instance in which a particular loss
has, in his theory, fallen more hard upon his
particular region, if it does so, than upon
some other, then he insists upon it that it
ought to be equalized. I say it is a very bad
rule that does not work both ways. If it is
sectional oneway, it is sectional the other. If
it is sectional for me t.o deplore the fact and to
resist the conclusion that the region of coun-
try in which I live is to pay more largely than
others in a given ease, then 1 say it is sectional
for the Senator to deplore the same thing in a
different case in his own instance. If it is
sectional for me to say that the State of Indi-
ana and other States ought to bear such casual
inequalities as ho says have occurred in this
case, then it is sectional for him to say that
New York and other States ought to bear that
measure of the income tax which falls upon
them. Therefore, in either ease, I do not see
but that it is just as broad as it is long.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Sen-
ator from Indiana alluded to the case of
Massachusetts, and said that that claim was
paid at the last session of Congress without
any limitation whatever as to tho mode and
manner of it. I beg to remind the Senator
that he has misrecollected the facts. That
claim was brought here on the adjudication
of the officers of the Treasury, allowing pre-
cisely tho same rate of interest as was allowed
to Virginia and Maryland in a similar case.
It was opposed here on account of being
stale. It only embraced money for which
interest was absolutely paid by Massachusetts,
and in addition to that the State of Massa-
chusetts was to give five years' credit, at the
rate of four per cent., and she could not even
get her claim allowed then until she gave it
away for the benefit of a railroad in the State
of Maine.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to my friend that
in that hill the amount paid was fixed. How
fixed? Because the accounting officers of the
Treasury had before made the calculation, and
the rate of interest was determined by what
had been allowed to certain other States ; and
if the Senator will look at the bills in regard to
those other States he will find what the rules
were. Now, if we say that we will pay to the
States the interest that they have paid, all that
the' States have got to do is to show what rate
of interest they paid. That will be determined
by the face of their bonds. If, on the other
hand, we say it shall be six per cent., accord-
ing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York, that of itself fixes the
rule, and the accounting officers iiave simply
got to find the amount. What more basis or
what other rules do you want? This is just as
definite as any bill that has been passed.
Mr. MO BRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Indiana claimed that this present bill
fixed it as definitely as any other, whereas the
other bill, in relation to Massachusetts, fixed it
to a precise amount, stated in the bill. This
bill fixes no amount whatever for any State;
and no one pretends to know the amount.
Mr. MORTON. The difference is that in
that case the accounting officers made the cal-
culation before the bill passed, and we took
the calculation; and here the calculation will
have to be made after the bill passes.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
rise to discuss this bill. I desire to obtain
some more facts in reference to it before I
make up my mind as to how I shall vote upon
it. I think, therefore, it is very proper to refer
it to the Committee on Finance, that they may
report to us the facts in regard to the loans
referred to in the bill, the advances made, and
how much is to come out of the Treasury to
reimburse those advances, if we are to reim-
burse them. It seems to me to be an emi-
nently proper case to have those facts laid
before us in an authoritative way by one of the
committees of this body; and I think it is not
a very good practice for us to pass important
measures without a reference to a committee.
I think that has already been done oftener
than it should be. Without, therefore, saying
a word against the bill, I hope the motion to
refer will prevail.
I wish to say one or two things, however,
upon this subject, without committing myself
one way or the other before I get the facts.
The principle of the bill is one that the Gov-
ernment has acted upon ever since it was a
Government. It acted upon it after the war
of 1812; it acted upon it after the Mexican
war; and it has acted upon it since the civil
war. It might be suggested, however, that this
is a step beyond anything that has ever yet
taken place; that instead of fixing the rate of
interest ourselves we pay whatever rate of in-
terest a State may have paid ; and not only that,
but reimburse her for any loss, owing to her
want of credit, when she came to sell her bonds
at a lower rate than par; and it may be said that
it was not exactly right for a State voluntarily
to mako advances at a more costly rate to the
Government than the Government itself eould
raise the money for. On the other hand, it
may be said that the loans made by the Gov-
ernment of the United States were at a much
more onerous rate than any that is mentioned
in this bill. I presume there is no one here
but will admit that the loans made by the Gov-
ernment ot the United States during the civil
war cost us a great deal more than ten per
cent. Our bonds were sold at such a discount
that the rate of interest paid by us is far greater
than the rate of interest mentioned in this bill;
and therefore these States can hardly be said
to have thrust upon the Government advances
at_a more costly rate of interest than we were
raising money for ourselves.
But these are general considerations that
will come up after we get the facts in the case.
I hope that the bill will be referred, and that
v/e shall have a full report on it, and then we
shall know how to vote upon it. If tho Sen-
ate was ready to take that question, I should
not have a word more to say ; but I do not
suppose that it is, and I therefore move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
have this matter disposed of now.
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague thinks
the vote can be taken now, I am willing to
withdraw my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it can be taken.
I think we can dispose of the matter now. If
there is to be a reference we ought to have
lime to examine into the facts.
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague thinks
the vote can be taken now I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the debate is
exhausted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho'question is
on the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have a very
few words to say. I am not going to occupy
much time. I think, with the Senator from
Ohio and others, that a vote can be taken on
this subject, and that it can be disposed of in
a very short time.
I have made up my mind to vote for this
bill. I have not criticised the precise form
of it, and do not know but that it ought to be
amended in some way. I do not think it neces-
sary to send it to any one of the standing com-
mittees at this late period of the session in
order that the proper amendments should be
made, and therefore, as I am at present ad-
vised, I shall vote against the motion of the
Senator from Ohio to refer it to the Finance
Committee. I think if a reference was neces-
sary it should have been made some time ago.
The session is near its close, and it seems
to me that if this bill requires amendment
the Senator from Ohio or any member of the
Finance Committee can propose the proper
amendments. I am not sure that it needs
any.
I desire to say in reference to the principle
involved that I am compelled to dissent en-
tirely from I lie view which I understood the
Senator from New York to take of this mat-
ter; that it was an application for charity. I
do not believe it to be any such thing.
Mr. CONKLING. I said it was not put upon
any such ground. I affirmed the contrary of
what the Senator supposes.
Mr. HOWE. I misunderstood the Senator.
I understood him to say that it was.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no. I said that was
insisted upon.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; it is an application
for justice ; and the grounds upon which it
seems to me to be just are very briefly these:
in the first place, let us concede that this was
not our debt on which we raised this money
and paid this interest. New York did not owe
it; Vermont'did not; no State owed it. It, was
the debt ot the nation. To be sure, New York
and Wisconsin and Vermont ought to contrib-
ute to raise the money ; but how contribute?
That is the question. Not in the way they did.
That the States were not bound to pay this
money is conceded by the Government under-
taking to repay it. It was onrbusiness to furnish
this money, and we furnished it. There is the
end of the transaction. Why did we pay the
principal at all? It was because it was the duty
of the nation to furnish the money, not the
duty of the States ; and because the States
volunteered, or did come in and did do that
which the nation ought to have done, the na-
tion undertakes to repay this money. Then,
how repay it? Clearly, if you repay it all, if
yon undertake to make compensation at all to
the States for rendering you this service, you
should compensate them in proportion to w'hat
they suffered, what it cost them.
1 desire to say now a word in reference to a
remark that I heard dropped by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Bcckikgiiam.]
who scarcely ever makes a remark on this floor
or off it, in my hearing, that I do not acquiesce
in most heartily. Let me remind him that
if he and I were children of a common earthly
parent, who had the right to demand of us
what the national Government did demand
of the States, and that parent did demand of us
that, we should raise a certain sum of money,
although the sum might be unequal ; might
require of him to raise more than it required
of me; yet if he required of me to raise a
sum of money which cost me more, dollar
for dollar, than it cost him, owing to his greater
ability, I am sure the Senator would agree
