1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Sterens, Steven-
son Stoughton. Strickland, Paffe, Tanner. Tillman,
fyner. Van Wyck, Weiker, Whiteley, Whitmore,
Willard. and Williams—?9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames. Archer, Asper Ax-
tell, Ayer, Barnum. Barry, Beck, Bennett, Bethune,
Biggs, Bingham, Bowen, Georpre M. Brooks, Buck,
Bardett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick B,
Butler, Calkin, Churchill, William I. Clark, Sidney
Clarke. Amasa Cobb, Coburn. Conner. Cook, Cowles,
Cox, Crebs, Darrall.. Dickinson, Duke, Dyer L d-
ridge, Earnsworth. Fisher. Fox, GarfieW, Getz,-<Jib-
son, ilaight, ITaldeman, Hale. Hambleton, Harris,
Hawkins. Hays, Heftin, Holmes, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr. Ketcham. Itnapp,
Lewis, Logan, Long, Lynch, Manning, Marshall,
Mayharn, Mc6rary. ilcKenzie,_ McNeely, Mercur,
Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, William ^S?re*-ii
Morphis. Daniel J. Morrell. MorriH.Mor-
rissey, Munsren, Myers. Negley, Niblaek. O $eui,
William W. Paine, Palmer, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Porter. Prosser, Rainey, llandau,
Beeves.Sanford. Sargent, fechumaker Shanks, Sher-
rod, Slocum, William J. f-mith. Wprtbineton C.
Smith. Starkweather, Stiles. Str&der, Strong, lown-
send, Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Voorhees, Wallace. Cadwalader C. Washhuro, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Vfells. Wheeler, TV Amson,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
W<df, Wood, and Young—124. „ „ , T, ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Boles,
Boyd, James, Brooks, <Dake, Cleveland, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dorkery, donley.
• Fitch, Griswold. Hamill, Ingersoll, Knott, Lailin,
McCarthy, McKee. New-sham, Rice. Roots, Scofield,
Porter Sheldon, Stokes. Stone, Swann, Sweenej-,
Svpher, Taylor, Upson, Van Trump, Ward, Wmans,
Witeher, and Woodward—37.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
1 to.
The question recurred upon substituting the
joint resolution of the minority for the resolu-
tion of the majority.
The resolution of the majority was read as
follows:
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives of tile
United States of America in Congress assembled, lb at
William McGarrahan is not entitled to the reliet
prayed for in his petition, and that the committee
be discharged from a further consideration of the
same. .
The joint resolution reported by the minority
was read as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the Secretary of the Interior be, andbehereby
is, directed to causo the record on nascs 31^ to dzt,
inclusive, in volume four of California Land
Claims," of the patent of a tract of land known as
the " Panoche Grande," as set forth therein, to be
transcribed into the records as the same stood on th
record book of the General Land Otfioe at the time
it was examined, without any mutilation or erasure
whatever, so that the legal effect of the record so
transcribed shall be the same as if the original record
had never been interfered with or mutilated; and
when such rebord shall have been so made, as herein
provided, it shall be marked e*Sm>nef^T\'K'J
originally marked. And the President of the United
States is hereby authorized and required to do in the
premises whatever may, in his judgment, be i ust ana
equitable, without regard to any action or Proceed-
ing had subsequent to the 11th day of March, 1863,
the date of the patent recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GAIIFIBLD, of Ohio. Is it in order to
substitute a joint resolution for a House reso-
lution 1
The SPEAKER. _ It is by unanimous eon-
sent, the House having granted leave for that
PUMr!SGARETELD, of Ohio. Did the House
grant leave for anything but that the minority
of the committee might submit their views?
The SPEAKER. The Chair adjudicated
that whole matter this morning, in connection
with the resolution of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That was a
easual remark of the Chair ; we have not had
this particular matter before us.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the rules
of the House to amend a joint resolution so as
to make it a simple resolution, or vice versa.
But the House by unanimous consent gavethe
minority of the Committee on the Judiciary
the right to do so in this case, which is a
virtual suspension of the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the per-
mission to report mean anything more than a
right to submit their views?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit
the matter to be argued. The Chair decides
that the joint resolution is properly before the
House. ,
•The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 92,
not voting 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams Ames, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks Barnum, Barry, Beck, Bennett. Bethune,
Bingham, Blair, Bowen, Buck, Burdett, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb. Conner, Cook, Corker, Cowles. Cox,
Crebs, DarrallJJuke, Duval, Dyer, Bldridge, Fox,
Gibson, Yfaight, Haldeman, Hamilton, Har-
ril, Hawkins. Hay!. Hefiin. Hoge. Holmes. Thomas
L. Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lewis, Logan,
Long, Lynch, Manning, Marshall, Mayham.Mc-
Crarv, McKee, MeKenzie, McNeely. Milne3. Jesse
II. Moore, William Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Negley.Nib-
la'ck, Packer, William W. Pame, Palmer. Peree,
Phelps. Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Rainey.
Randall, Reeves, Sanford, Schumaker,Shanks,
Sherrod, Slocum, William J. Smith, Worthmgton
C Smith, Starkweather. Stiles, Strong, Sypher,
Tillman. Townsend, Trimble, Van Auken. Van
Horn, Voorhees, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Wash-
barn. Wheeler. Wilkinson. Winchester, Wolt,
Wood, and Young—110. , „ .
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Armstrong, As-
per, Atwood. Axtell. Beaman. Beatty, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bird, Booker. George M. Brooks Buckley,
Buffinton.Burcbard, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dox, Ela, Farnsworth. Ferriss, Ferry, Fmkelnburg,
Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hambleton, Haw-
ley, Hay, Hoar. Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss.
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kel-
logg. Kerr. Knapp, Lash. Lawrence, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCortnick, McGrew, Mer0.ur\
II Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill. 0 Neill,
Orth. Paokard, Halbert E. Paine, Peck, Peters,
Price, Prosser, Rogers, Roots, Jjargeiat, Sawyer,
Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens,
Stevenson. Stoughton, Strader, Strieklanu laffe.
Tanner, Twichell, Tyner, Van Wyck, William B.
Washbirn. Weiker, Wells. Whiteley, Whitmore
Willard, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, and John
TN0TSVOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell. Benton,
Boles, Boyd, James Brooks, Cake, Cleveland,
Joseph Dixon. Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Fitch. Griswold, Hamill, Hill, rtgersnU, Johnson,
Knott. Laflin, McCarthy, Newsbam, Potter, Rice,
Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Stokes.
Stone, Swann, Sweeney,Taylor. 0pson, Van irump.
Ward, Wmans, Witeher, and Woodward—o .
So the joint resolution proposed as a sub-
stitute for the resolution reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FITCH said: On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Rioe,] who if he were present, would
vote "ay" while I should vote "no."
The result of tho vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote jast taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table.
Mr. SARGENT. On that motion 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 93. nays 103, not voting
44, as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Armstrong,
Asner Atwood, AxtcU, Bailey, Beaman, .he&tty,
Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Booker, Oreorgo M.
Brooks Buckley, Butfiiiton, Burch:ird, Cessna,
Clinton' L. Cobb, Cobnrn, Conger, Cullom,
Degener, Dickey Dickinson, Dox.
Ferriss Ferry, imkelnburg, Garueld, (yilnUan,
Mefilambleton. Hawley Hay Huar. Hotawj,
Hooper, Hotcbkiss, Jenckes. Johnson, keiley,
Kello0"0, Kerr, Knapp, Lask, Lawrence, Lough-
Hdge " Maynard, McCormick% McGrew, Mercur,
Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan, bamuel MomH,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine,
Peck. Peters, Potter, Price, Prosser, Rogers, Boois,
Sargent, Sawyer. Lionel A. Sheldon, John A.Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, Stevens. Stevenson, k1,™,?,11'0"'
cjrrflHpr Strickland. 'Xaffe, Tanoer, Tw^cbeU, iytier,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Weiker, Wells, Whituiore, Willard, Williams, John
T.Wilson, and Woodward—93.
>}AYS—Messrs. Adams, Anics, Archer. Ayer,
Barnam.Barry, Beck, Bennett, Bethune, Uingham
Bowen, Back, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin K Butlei,
Roderick K. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, William i.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Co n°r, Cook,
Corker, Cowles, Cos, Crebs, Darrall, Duke, Duv.il,
Dyer, Eldridge, i isher. Fox, tletz, Haiffht, Halde
man, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins. Hays, Hemn,
Holmes, Thomas h. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelses,
Ketcham, Lewis, Logan, Long, Lynch, Manning,
Marshall, Mayharn, MeCrary, McKee, McKenzie,
McNeelv Milnes, Jesse U. Moore, William Moore,
Morey Morphis. Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey. M un-
sen Negley, Niblaok, William \V . Paine, Palmer,
Perce Phelps. Pintt. Poland, Pomeroy Porter,
Eainey, Randall, Reeves. Sanford, Schumaker,
Shanks. Sherrod. Slocum, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith,. Stiles, Strong, Sypher,
Tillman. Townsend, Trimble. Van Auken, Van
Horn. Voorhees. Wallace. Wheeler. Wilkmson.
Winchester. Wolf, Wood, and Young-103.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Ben-
ton Boles, Boyd, James Brooks, Cake. Cleveland.
Joseph Dixon, Nathan I". Dixon, Dockery Donley,
Ela, Fitoh, Gibson, Griswold, Hamill. Hill, Ho^e,
Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Knott, Lafim,
McCarthy. Myers, Newsbam, Rice, Seofield, Porter
Sheldon, Shober, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone,
Swann, Sweeney. Taylor, Upson, Van Trump, \ an
Wyck, Ward, Whiteley, Eugene M. Wilson, Wi-
nans. and Witeher—44.
So the motion to lay the whole subject on
the table was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order. Would it not be in order for me
now to move to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] was defeated?
The SPEAKER. It would not be m order
except by first reconsidering the vote on agree-
ing to the substitute reported by the minority
of the committee.
Mr. GARBUELD, of Ohio. If we recon-
sider the vote by which the substitute of my
colleague [Mr. "Bingham] was adopted, can
we not by two reconsiderations get back to
the proposition I desire to reach, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois?
The SPEAKER. Of course it is witlun the
power of the majority of the House to do that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us do it.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
011 the motion of the gentleman Irom Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] to lay 011 the table his motion
to reconsider the vote by which the substitute
was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oa that motion
VI demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjonrn.
On the motion there were—ayes 7o, noesal.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the substitute
was agreed to. On this question the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] asks the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 94, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Ayer, Barnum,
Bii'ry. Beek, Bennett, Bethune, Bingham, Blair,
Bowen, Buck, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin h. Butler,
Koderick B.. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, William 1.
Clark. Sidney Clarke, Conner, Corker, Cowles, Cox,
Crebs, Darrall, Duke. Duval, Wdndge, feetj, bib-
son Haisht, Harris, Hawkins,Hays, Hefim, Holmes,
Judd, Julian. Kelsey. Ketcham, Lewis, Logan, Long,
Lynch, Manning, Marshall, Mayham, MeCr.irs,
McKee, MeKenzie, MoNeeloy, Milne®, Je se H.
Moore, William Moore. Morey, Morphis, Darnel J.
Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Negley, MiblacK,
'Packer. William W. Pame. Palmer. Perce. Phelps,
Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Randall, Reeves,
Sanford, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. bheldon,
Sherrod. Slocum, William J.Smith. Worthmgton C.
Smith, Stiles, Strong, Sypher. Tillman, Townsend,
o. Van Auken, Van Horn, voorhees, y V"
Triinblo. van auwu, van
lace, Cadwalader C, Washburn, W heeler, n hit-
more, Wilkinson, Winchester, \^oll, A\ood, anci
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arm-
stro'nsr. Asper. Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Banks. Bea-
man. Beatty. Benjamin, Bigss, Bird, Booker, Ueorgo
M. Brooks. Buckley, Buthnton, Burchard, Cessna,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn. Conger, Cook,
t Cullom. Dawes, Degener, Dickev, Dickinson, Dos.
i Dyer, Uln, Farnsworth, i' erriss. 1 erry. Innkelnbarg,
I Fisher, G.u-fielu, Hale, Hambleton, Hawley, llay.
Hoar, llolman. Hotchkiss. Jenckes. Johnson, Alex-
i! auder H. Jones. Thomas L Jones, Kelley, ketlogS,
I Kerr, Knapp, Ln h, Lawrence. Lougundge,. ilav-
! nard, MeCormwk, Mctirew, Mercur.. Bliakim li
I Moore, Samuel 1'. Morrill, Myere, O Keill, Orth,
II Packard, Halbert E. Paine. Peck. Peters, louei,
I Prosser, Rogers, Hoots, Sargent, Sawyer, John A
Smith, Joseph s.Smith,Stevens,Stevenson, Smugb
! ton, Strader, Strickland, ianner, Twichell, lyncr,
