xm%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-45-7
3. Washburn. Welker, Well?, Willard, Wil-
liams. Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
WnothvM nl—94.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Arnell, Benton, Boles,
BO'y<l, Jaines Brooks, Cake, Cleveland, Joseph Dix-
on.Nathan F.Dixon, Doekery, Donley, Fitch, Fox,
Gilfillan. Griswold, Haldeman. Ilamiil. Hamilton,
Hill, Hoge, Hooper. Ingersoll, Knott, Laflin, McCar-
thy, Morgan, Newsh:im. Price, R?iiney. Rice, Sco-
fiejd. Porter Sheldon, Shober, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stone, Swann. Sweeney, Taffe, Taylor, Upson, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Ward. Whiteley, Winans, and
Witeher—47.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon
tlie table.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 518) in re-
lation" to the Panoche Grande land grant was
then read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
.Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous
question.
, Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
89, noes 92.
Mr. SARGENT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bexjamix
and Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed:—ayes 83, noes 90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. GAHFIELD, of Ohio. 1 now move to
lay the joint resolution upon the table.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
tbat the stage of the resolution will not have
been changed, until the engrossment is passed,
and a motion to lay on the table has already
been entertained at this stage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 79. noes 84.
Mr.- BEAMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the aegative—yeas 78, nays 107, not voting
55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Axtell, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty. Benjamin,
Bi"gs, Bird, Blair, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck-
ley, Bnffinton. Burohard, Churchill. Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn. Cook, Corker. tullom,
Degener, Dickey, Dickinson.Dyer,Farnsworth. 1 er-
riss. Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Hamill, Hay, Hoar, Hoi man. Hotchkiss,
Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kerr, Loughridge, Maynard. McCormick, McGrew,
Eliakim H. Moore. Samuel P. Morrill. O'Neill, Hal-
bert E. Paine, Peters, Phelps, Potter, Price Sargent
Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton. Strader. Taffe. Tanner Twiehell, lyner.
Welker. Wells, Whitmore, Willard, Williams, John
T-.Wilson, and Woodward—78. ... „
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames. Archer, Ayer, Bar-
num, Barry, Beck, Bennett, Bethune, Bingham,
Bo wen, Buck, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, William 1.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Conger. Conner, Cowles, Cox,
Crete, Dawes, Duke, Duval, Eldridge, Fisher, Pox,
Getz. Haight, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays, lief-
lm. Holmes, Johnson, Ibomas L. Jones, Juud, Ju-
lian ICelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Lawrence, Lewis,
Logan, Long, Manning, Marshall, Mayham Mc-
Orary, McKee, McKenzie, McNeely. Mercur, Milnes,
Jesse H. Moore. William Moore. Morey. Mornhis,
Daaiel J. Morrell, Mornssey, Mungen, Myers. Neg-
ley Niblack, Orth, Packard, Packer, WilliamW.
Paine. Palmer, Perce, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Por-
ter.-.Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Santord, Schu-
maker. Shanks. Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stiles, Strong, bypher,.Tillman,
ToWnsend, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Horn, Voor-
h-ees, Wallace. Wheeler Wilkinson hugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, Wolf, Wood, and Young-107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, ArneU, Banks,
Renton, Boles, Boyd, James BrMjks.Cake.Cleveand,
Barrall, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Doekery,
Donley, Dox. Ela, Garfield, Gibson, Gilfillan, Gris-
wold Hale Hamilton, Hill. Hoge. Hooper, Ingersoll,
Knott. Laflin, Lash, Lynch, McCarthy, Morgan,
Newsham, Peck, Ramey, Rogers,
Piorter Sheldon, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, Strick-
land, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, Ups™.
Vara Wyck; Ward. Cadwaiader C.Washburn Wil-
Bato-B. Washburn, Whiteley, Winans, and Wit-
cher—55.
So the House refused to adjourn.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 92.
The question recurred upon ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. SARGENT. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
seventeen members voting therefor.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was on the passage of the joint
resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM moved thepreviousquestion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DICKEY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 82, not voting
03 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Ames. Ayer, Barnum,
Barry, Beck, Bennett, Bethune, Bingham. Bowen,
Buck, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Calkin, Churehill, William T. Clark.
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Conner, Cowles, Crebs,
Duke, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge. Fox. Getz, Haight,
Haldeman, Harris, Hawkins, Hays, Heflin. Ilolmes,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lo-
gan. Long, Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McCrary,
McKee, McKenzie, McNeely, Milnes, Jesse II.
Moore, William Moore. Morphis, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Myers, Negley, Niblack,.-Packer, William W.
Paine, Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Plait, Poland, Pome-
roy, Porter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sanford, Schu-
maker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, Slocum, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stiles, Strong. Sypher, Tillman, Townsend,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Wallace.
Wheeler, AVilkinson, Winchester, Wolf, Wood, and
Young—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Armstrong, As-
per. Atwood, Axtell. Bailey,Beaman. Beatty, Biggs,
Bird, Blair, Booker, George M.Brooks, Buck ley. Buf-
fiuton, Burohard. Cessna. Coburn, Conger, Corker,
Cullom, Dawes. Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Ela,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,. Fisher. Fitch, Garfield,
Hawley, .Hay, Hoar, Holman, Hotchkiss, Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kel-
logg. Knapp. Lawrence. Lewis, Maynard, McCor-
mick, McGrew, Mercur, Eliakim H.Moore, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard. Halbert E. Paine, Peck, Peters, Pot-
ter, Price, Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, StougUton,
Strader, Strickland, Taife, Tanner, Twichell, Ty-
ner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Whit-
more, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and W ood-
ward—82. • ' ,.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Banks,
Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Boyd, James Brooks,
Cake. Cleveland. Clinton L. Cobb. Cook. Cox, Dar-
rall, Joseph Dixon, Nathan 1. Dixon, Doekery,
Donley. Dox. Farnsworth, Gibson. Gilfillan. Gris-
wold. Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hill,
Hoge, Hooper. Ingersoll, Kerr. Knott, Laflin, Lash,
Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy, Morey. Morgan,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Newsham,
Rainey, Rogers, Roots, Scofield, Shober, Stark-
weather. Stokes, Stone, S'wann, Sweeney, Taylor,
Upson, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwaiader
C. Washburn, Whiteley, Eugene M.Wilson, Winans,
and Witeher—63.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Farnswortii
was paired uporo this question with Mr. Cox.
Mr. Cox would have voted in the affirmative
and Mr. Farnsworth in the negative.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, announced
that he was paired with Mr. Morey, who would
have voted in the affirmative, and he (Mr.
Cobb) in the negative.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, stated
that he was paired with Mr. Morrill of
Maine. Mr. Morrill would have yoted in the
negative, and-lie (Mr. Morrell, of Pennsyl-
vania) in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was an nounced as
above recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas ana
nays ou that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to—
ayes thirty-eight, noes not counted,
Mr. SARGENT called for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays on the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Tellers were not ordered, only eighteen
members voting therefor.
The yeas and nays were refused, only four-
teen members voting-therefor.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. SARGENT. Well, I have fought this
fraud as long as I could.
Mr. BINGHAM. And we have foughtyour
fraud.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, and we have beaten
your fraud.
Mr. SARGENT. I have served my State.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, and i have served
my country.
lighting of thk hall and pome.
Mr. FOX. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, The the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Domo of the Capitol be lighted
and kept open on the evenings of the 20 th, 21st, and
22dofFebruary, 1871, between the hours of seven and
ten o'clock, and all visitors will be prohibited from
going on the floor of the House of Representatives
between the hours thus designated. *
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
Mr. FOX. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the resolution agreed to.
The question was put; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended, and
the resolution was adopted.
protection' of loyal citizens.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the se-
lect Committee on Reconstruction, submitted
a report in writingon the bill (H. R. No. 3011)
to protect,the.loyal and peaceable citizens of
the United States in the full enjoyment of
their rights, persons, liberties, and property,
and to enable such citizens to preserve and
perpetuate the evidence of losses claimed to
have been sustained by them in the war in
the States lately in rebellion; which was re-
committed to the committee, and ordered to
be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Itesolvcd, That the rules be so suspended that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the several regular appro-
Sriation bills, and that thesamebo considered in the
ionse as in Committee of the Whole and be in order
therein as reported by the Committee'on Appropria-
tions; and that on and after two o'clock to-morrow
they take precedence of all-other orders until dis-
posed of:
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. My resolution is to suspend
^0 X*VI1l0S
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. POX. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednesday
next at eleven o'clock.
The question was put on Mr. Fox's motion ;
and it was disagreed to—ayes twenty-seven,
noes not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Randall's
motion.
Mr. DAWES. Ihope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his motion and let
us pass this resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. We cando that to-morrow.
The question was then put'on Mr. Randall's
motion ; and it was agreed to—ayes 74, noes
38; and accordingly (at five o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
■ The folfowing petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: A petition of the deal-
i era in tobacco of Canton, Stark county, Ohio,
