1871".]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-35
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Paraguayan Investigation—Mr. Orth.
Ho. of Eeps.
attention of the House to some of the testi-
mony. Commander Kirkland testifies:
"By Mr. Orth:
" Question. State particularly what occurred on
that occasion from beginning to end.
"Answer. I will premise by stating that X thought
the whole thing wa£ ridiculous, and I did not pay
any particular attention to it, except to some parts
of it.
""Question. What was your impression before you
went into this court of justice?
"Answer. My impression was that it was a hum-
bug.
4* Question. "What was your impression as to the
truth or falsity of the confessions ?
"Answer. I thought some of it might be true.
44Question. Was the impression on your mind that
it was a true confession or that it was a false one?
"Answer. I cannot say that there was any impres-
sion on my mind at all. X thought it was a humbug.
"Question. What impression was there upon your
minu as to whether it was a voluntary confession or
an extorted one?
44 Answer. My impression was that it was not worth
a cent.
*" Question. Because it was extorted?
44Answer. Because it was somethingthat would not
amount to anything in the United States, and the
men would say anything they liked.
"Question. Now relate what occurred at this tri-
bunal; who were present on the part of the Para-
guayan Government?
44 Answer. There were two judges, or, at least, I
supposed they were judges. One or both of them were
priests. There were two men who I think Were Par-
aguayan officers, and one man was reading these dec-
larations. One or two of these men came in from
time to timo. I think there were four or five Para-
guayan officers there.
*4 Question. Who was first brought in ?
"Answer. Mr. Bliss.
" Question. Bid you have any conversation with
Bliss when he first came in ?
44 Answer. I do not think I did.
44 Question. Bid either you or Captain Uamsay
make known your character ?
"Answer. I think one of the parties present said
'These officers ore here to witness your declaration/
*' Question. Bid he state who you were; that you
were United States naval officers ?
44 Answer. I do not remember.
44 Question. Were you in uniform ?
44 Answer. I was in uniform and so was Captain
Ramsey, without swords on.
4' Question. Bid either you or Captain Ramsey in-
form Bliss and Masterman that your object frag to
effect their release?
44 Answer. I do not think I did, but they knew it.
" Question. How did they know it?
44 Answer. Because Masterman asked us if they
were to go with us then.
" Question. When was that?
44 Ansioer. It was after they got through making
their declarations.
44 Question. You held no communication whatever
with Mr. Bliss ?
44 Answer, I might have asked him his name.
44 Question. Bid you know that he was an Amer-
ican citizen attached to the American legation ?
"Answer. I recognized him as soon as be came in
the room as having seen him on board the United
States steamer Pulaski when he was in the employ
of General Webb.
44 Question. You knew, as a matter of current his-
tory, that he was attached to Washburn's legation ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question* But you did not make known to him
the object of your visit?
44 Answer. I do not think I did.
44 Question. Bescribe what was done after Bliss was
brought in; what was his personal appearance ?
44 Answer. He looked like a man who had been shut
up a long time. He was pale.
44 Question. Could he walk ?
44 Answer. I did not see anything out of the way in
that respect. lie is not naturally a very graceful
man.
44 Question. Bid you see anything about hiin that
led you to believe that hehad been placed in irons?
44 Ansioer. The legs of his breeches were consider-
ably worn. I fchould think from that he had been
in irons.
44 Question. What occurred after Bliss entered ?
44 Answer. He came in, and these declarations were
read over to him by these men. I did not pay par-
ticular attention to them, as I thought the whole
proceedings a humbug.
" Question Bid you regard Messrs. Bliss and Mas-
terman at that time as under the control of the
Paraguayan authorities?
"Answer. I did.
44 Question. You did not exercise any control over
them?
"Answer. No, sir; I was not sent there for that
purpose.
" Question. You were sent there to hear what you
style a humbug proceeding being gone through
with?
44 Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. About what time did they close this
examination ?
"Answer. It was nearly dark.
44 Question. Bid you seek any interview with Mr.
Bliss after that?
44 Answer. No, sir.
Question. Bid you make any communication to
him of the arrival of the Wasp and the object of the
admiral s visit?
"Answer. I did not.
Captain Ramsey testifies:
" Question. Bid you see Mr. Bliss come in ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir; he came in alone.
Question. Had you any conversation with him at
that time?
"Ansioer. None whatever.
44 Question. What insigniaof office did these judges
or the other officers exhibit?
"Ansioer, They were all in the uniform of the Par-
aguayan army, andwore their swords. The judges
wore a cross. I believe they were both priests."
"fc * £ * £ * s: * ss j
44 Question. What impression was made upon your
mind by these remarks of Mr. Masterman ?
44Answer. I will read a note I made in my memo-
randum-book atthe time: 'Went to the tribunals
and heard declarations of Bliss andMasterman. Am
sure Bliss lied, and think Masterman did also.'
"Question. Then the impression made upon your
mina. as I understand from this memorandum, was
that Bliss and Masterman were not guilty of the
charges they confessed?
"Antnoer. The reason I said I thought Bliss lied was
because he made reference to things which I knew
were not true.
44 Question. Bid you mean by that memorandum
that you thought these confessions were extorted
from him?
"Answer. I took it for granted that they were. I
never saw a man exhibit such fear as Masterman
did. We returned to the ship about nine o'clock."
Mr. Bliss testifies:
44 These officers said nothing to me except to ask
my name—4 Are you Bliss or are you Masterman V
I replied, giving my name. The tribunal then pro-
ceeded to cause all my depositions, which had been
taken down during twenty days or more, to bo read
over, occupying the entire afternoon in the process.
This took place in the mud hut in which the tribunal
was held by the two priests I have referred to.
These two naval officers took seats with the members
of the tribunal, with whom they were laughing,
smoking, drinking brandy, and receiving presents.
They seemed to be on the most intimate terms with
the members of the tribunal, but never saying a
word to me, or taking any interest in my condition."
* * * * * * * fc w *
" Question. Did it occur to you that you could speak
right out and deny all these confessions before these
naval officers ?
" Anmocr. The question occurred to me and I
reflected upon it as much as I could within the lim-
ited time allowed me, but I was then of the opinion,
which I still hold, that my life depended upon my
confirming those statements.
" Question. Did you not believe it was in the power
of these officers to have protected you?
"Answer. No; the presence of these officers would
have afforded no protection. I should have been
ordered out for instant execution.
" Question. Did these officers then leave you?
"Answer. They did."
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, Captain Kirk-
land seems to think the proceeding was simply
ridiculous. It was worse; it was criminal;
and these "captains" should have so regarded
it when called upon to "verify" the disgrace
which the tyrant Lopez intended to inflict upon
the minister of your Government.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Does it not appear that
these two men were formerly in the employ-
ment of Lopez or his Government?
Mr. ORTH. Yes, sir. Mr. Bliss went out
first to South America as tutor in the family
of General Webb, minister ofthe United States
at Rio. He afterward entered the service of
the Argentine Government. Subsequently, in
1865, he proceeded to Paraguay, and while
there was employed by the minister of foreign
affairs of that Government to write a pamphlet
upon the subject of the boundaries between
Paraguay and Brazil. He was afterward em-
ployed by Lopez to write the history of the
republic of Paraguay. * Mr. Masterman had
been for several years in the employment of
the Paraguayan Government as professor of
materia medica, and subsequently as assistant
surgeon at the general military hospital at
Asuncion. He fell into disgrace with Lopez,
as thousands of others had done. He was
suspected of being a conspirator against the
life of this miserable tyrant. But no distinct
charge was brought against him and no evi-
dence produced. After a year's imprisonment
he was released through the intercession of
Mr. Washburn, and, like Mr. Bliss, became
one of his personal suite.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Will the gentleman allow
me just one word more ? I desire to ask him
whether the facts were_ not such, as seems to
be indicated by the action of Admiral Davis,
as to make it a question of doubt what was the
status and condition of these two men with
reference to the American legation and the
Government of the United States ?
_ Mr. ORTH. I will freely answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from New York. If the
admiral took the testimony of the accredited
minister of this Government—and as admiral
he could not with safety take any other testi-
mony—there could be no doubt. If he listened
to the seductive wiles of Lopez there might be
a doubt raised; but as between Lopez and
Minister Washburn the committee held, and I
trust this House will hold, that the admiral
should have relied upon the official statements
of the accredited minister of our Government;
and taking that testimony, there was no doubt
as to the status, the official character, and per-
sonal relations of Bliss and Masterman to tbe
American legation.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether or "not Bliss and Masterman,
having been appointed by Minister Washburn
and not by the President of the United States,
were, under the laws of nations, entitled to the
same privileges and immunities as if they had
been appointed by the chief executive authority
of the nation.
Mr. ORTH. I will answer ray friend from
Maryland very cheerfully. I beg to state to
him that he will not find a single writer on the
law of nations lay down any other than this
doctrine: thatthose persons who constitute the
personal suite of a minister are in this respect
entitled to the same immunities and privileges
as the minister himself. • My friend from Mary-
land will remember that I draw a distinction
between the official suite of a minister and his
personal suite. His official suite are the rec-
ognized secretary and assistant secretary of
the legation, who are appointed by the home
Government, by the same authority which ap-
points the minister himself. His personal suite
consists of his wife and children and servants,
including his private secretary and family physi-
cian. And I assert that all civilized nations
throw around the personal suite of a minister
the same protection as is thrown around his
official suite; there is no difference.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him why Mr. Washburn did not pro-
tect these men when they were seized by Lopez
and taken from under the protection of the
American flag?
Mr. ORTH. The gentleman from Maryland
anticipates the discussion. I had expected to
reply to the subject embraced in his question
in closing this argument, after having heard
his views upon the resolutions which he, in
behalf of the minority of the committee, has
submitted to the House. I am willing, how-
ever, to meet the question casually, in p'assing,
and my answer is this: when Mr. Washburn
left the legation house at Asuncion, accom-
panied by his wife and child, he was sur-
rounded by the armed minions of Lopez. He
had not even the poor protection of an Amer-
ican admiral, or the still poorer protection of
two American captains to assist him; he was
there, unaided and alone, in the midst of an
armed and hostile mob, with his wife and child
by his side; and I submit to the justice and
reasonableness of the gentleman from Mary-
land whether he could be expected under
these circumstances to protect these men.
Mr. SWANN. I would ask my friend if
Lopez or any one else laid violent hands upon
Mr. Washburn or any of his family? And I
