1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
that when our father came to rectify the account
wiili us he would make me whole.
I think the Senator from Connecticut was
entirely right in saying that the reason why it
cost one State more than another to raise this
money was because of one of the two causes
assigned by himself. The truth about it is
that it was due to one of those causes; and
that is, that some States enjoyed better credit
in the market than others. Now, the question
is, whether that was the fault of the market
or the fault of the State?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It was nobody's
fault.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says it was no-
body's fault. Then the question is, should it
be the misfortune of the State or the misfor-
tune of the nation ? I think he is entirely right
in saying that it was nobody s fault. Then
you should impose a penalty upon nobody.
Mr. CONKLING. How is that in regard
to taxes ? Take a direct tax, of which we had
one which led to hardships in different States
just as unequal, as we know, as this. Why do
we not adjust that? And I may extend the
question to all taxes. Why is it when we lay
tiibute upon a people, and it is harder for them
to pay than it is for some others, we do not
have some arrangement of checks and balances
by which we make it elastic and automatic, so
that it all fixes itself just as it should be?
Mr. IIOWE. There are two answers to be
made to the suggestion of the Senator from
New York. The first is that the direct tax is
not so unequal as this, I think. I do not know
how that is.
Mr. CONKLING. Per capita.
Mr. HOWE. That is per capita; but this
was in proportion, not merely to the number
of soldiers that we sent into the fifeld, which
was equal, but in proportion, in some measure,
to the distance they had to go. It cost more
to send a regiment from Wisconsin to the field
than to send a regiment from Maryland, and
it cost more to equip a thousand men in Wis-
consin, or Iowa, or Nebraska than it^lid in
New York, where the markets were handy and
the means at hand. Then there is another
answer to be made; and that is, that, in my
judgment, there is no reason why you should
iiot tefund to the States the direct tax they
paid. If you mean to be equitable and just
1 think that should be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Supposetbis
case: 1 owe the Senator from Wisconsin a
thousand dollars and I am unable to pay it. He
calls upon me, and the payment of it is delayed.
Ill consequence of that, money being hard and
tight in the market, he is obliged to sell some
stocks at a loss in order to raise that money.
Now, did the Senator ever hear of a case in
law or equity of his coming back upon me
to pay not only my debt arid interest but the
loss he suffered in consequence of raising the
money?
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, I never
heard of such a case as that in my life, and I
never expect to see the time when the jaw is
so absolutely adjusted to positive equity as
that that will be done. The rea.son is because
the law has fixed a strict rigid rule for measur-
ing the damages for his not paying the debt
when it is due. That is our human law; but
I think 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. You want a
higher law.
Mr. HOWE. No, I do not want to make
any higher law. I think there is a higher law,
and I am not sure but that a tribunal may be
found some time or other, somewhere, that
will undertake to enforce that law—a law like
this: that if he willfully neglects or refuses to
redeem the obligation he has entered into to
his fellow-man, he shall be held responsible
for all the consequences to that fellow-being.
That is uot our tribunal. But now we are in
a tribunal which is abundantly able to do jus-
tice according to the rule laid down in this
bill, and it stops a great way short of the prin-
ciple suggested by the honorable Senator from
Vermont. Therefore I conclude, as I began,
by saying that I shall vote for the principle
contained in this bill when it comes to a vote,
and I shall vote againstreferring.it to the Com-
mittee on Finavce. There is a little verbal
amendment, however, which I desire to move
myself before the vote is taken. I understand
it is not in order now.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us vote on this.
Mr. RAMSEY. We cannot do it to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. We can take the vote on
the motion to refer.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Minne-
sota allow me to make a motion as to a special
order?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly.
REPEAL OP INCOME TAX.
Mr. SCOTT. I have inquired as to the days
that are set apart for the consideration of bills
next week; and I now wish to move that Tues-
day next at one o'clock be fixed for the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 1083, which is a
bill to repeal the income tax.
Mr. SUMNBIl. Let us do that to-night
before we go home.
Mr. RAMSEY. It will be a year before you
get through with it.
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather do itto-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania asks that Tuesday be set apart
for the consideration of the bill repealing the
income tax as the special order. Is there
objection? ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, there is objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin objects, and the motion cannot now
be received.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn.
Mr. HOWE. I do not withdraw it.
HOUSE BILLS EEFERRBD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Minnesota moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business, pend-
ing which the Chair will ask leave to present
some bills from the House of Representatives
for reference, as some of the committees may
meet before Monday morning:
The bill (H. 11. No. 2525) providing for the
sale of land belonging to the United States,
situated at Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, in
the State of New York, and the bill (H. R.
No. 2810) to pay members of certain military
organizations therein named, were read twice
by their titles and referred to the Committee
on Military Affkiis.
The bill (II. R. No. 066) to authorize the
removal of the custom-house from St. Marks
to Cedar Keys, Florida, was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles and referred to the Committee oti Claims :
A bill (H. It. No. 2813) for the relief of
W a ] .i I ,pn •
A bill (H. K. No. 2809) for the relief of
Reuben H. Bishop:
A bill (H. R. No. 2812) for the relief of
Robert K. Byrd;
A bill (H. It. No. 2811) for the relief of
John W. Campbell; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 485) for the
relief of William Buck, late surgeoii of the
sixth Maine infantry volunteers.
JAMES J. HILES.
The bill (H. E. No. 2890) for the relief of
James J. Hiles, late a private in the third Mis-
souri cavalry, was read twice bv its title.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will say that the sum in-
volved in that bill is very small -and I think
the chairman of the Committee on Military.
Affairs will consent to its passage without it?
being referred to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will he
read at length for information.
The bill was read. It is a direction to the
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay, out
of any money appropriated or hereafter to be
appropriated to the payment of bounties, to
James J. Hiles, $100, being extra bounty duo
him, as provided by the act of July 28, 1866,
he having served the term of three years and
four days as a private in the third Missouri
cavalry, and been honorably discharged there-
from.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the occasion for
this bill? I do not wish to objeet.to it; but I
have a great many constituents who write to
me to know why they cannot get their bounty.
And I should like to know what there is in this
man's case which ought not to be embraced in
a general act.
Mr. SCHURZ. He served a certain time
and did not receive his bounty. I have not
seen the report on which the bill was based.
It came from the Military Committee of the
other House, and is reported there to be a
case which calls for immediate action.
Mr. CONKLING. Can this man not get
his bounty under the general law?
Mr. SCHURZ. He cannot.
Mr. WILSON. Is there any report with
this bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not
with the papers.
Mr. WILSON. I think the bill ought to lie
over until we see on what basis the House com-
mittee put the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
withdraw the bill, and reserve it until Monday
morning, if no objection be made, when prob-
ably the report can be presented.
IIENRY II. 1IOYT.
The bill (II. R. No. 2777) for the relief of
Henry H. Hoyt, late of the fifth regiment
Wisconsin volunteers, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HOWE. I have been requested by a
member of the other House to ask for the
immediate consideration of that bill.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to instruct the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to allow and pay, out of any
money appropriated or hereafter to be appro-
priated for the payment of bounties, to Henry
H. Hoyt, late a soldier of company H, fifth regi-
ment Wisconsin volunteers, the same bounty
to which he would be entitled had he not been
discharged by way of favor, but by reason of
expiration of his term of enlistment.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate will hear me
give the explanation that was just given to me
by a member of the House of Representatives
who formerly commanded that regiment when
this young man was a member of it, then if
there is any objection to the passage of the
bill, of course it will go over or go to the
committee. The facts, as he states them to
be, and states them as within his own personal
knowledge, are these: this young man Hoyt
enlisted in 1801. Subsequently his father and
his two brothers enlisted in the Army. They
went into the western army, and this young
man was in the army of the Potomac. That
left the family without any male help or pro-
tector whatever. The colonel of the regiment
applied to the President in 18G4, npon the
ground that all three of the male members
of the family had gone into the service, and
the father and the two other brothers had been
killed in the service—-that other fact is stated—
to permit the discharge of this young man.
The President ordered his discharge while the
Army was down in the Wilderness oil its way
to Richmond. The order reached the young
man on the 5th of May, 1861. He could not
then leave she Army, and did not in fact leave
