632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
the Army until the regiment waa mustered out
at the end of the war. When he came to apply
for bis bounty the records in the War Office
showed that he had been discharged on the
6th of May; 1864, as a favor by the President,
whereas in fact' he continued in the service
until the end of the war. That is the way the
facts are stated to me.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered' to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ilepisalof income tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. SCOTT. The objection which was made
having prevented unanimous consent to the
motion which I submitted before, I now move—
and I doit for the purpose of having an expres-
sion of the Senate on the subject—to postpone
the pending business for the purpose of sub-
mitting a motion to make Senate bill No. 1083
the special order for Tuesday next at one
o'clock.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to postpone the bill be-
fore the Senate. The Chair will state to the
Senate the operation of these motions, as there
are so many special orders now being made.
On Monday, at one o'clock, the bill 'of the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tkumbuli,] to pro-
tect members of Congress fiom importunity,
&e., is to be taken up, but is subject to the
unfinished business of to-day, which is now
the bill in regard to advances made by the
States. If the present bill shall be postponed
on, the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, then it will not be the unfinished busi-
ness on Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. We can resume it again
afterward.
Mr. SCOTT. If necessary, I will ask that
that bill be informally passed over for the
purpose of permitting me to make this mo-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent. The Senator from Penn-
Rjlvania asks that the ponding bill be inform-
ally passed over for the purpose of submitting
a motion that the bill alluded to by him shall
be made the special order for Tuesday next.
Is there objection?
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, I do not
object, because I am willing to let the Senate
pass on the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the pending bill is inform-
ally passed over. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania now moves that the bill (S. No. 1083)
to repeal so much of the act approved July
14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," as continues
the income tax after the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1869, be made the special order for
one o'clock on Tuesday next, which requires
a two-thirds vote.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayea 33, noes 12.
eights 01? miners.
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 1103) to define and protect the rights of
miners and to encourage the development of
mines; which was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (S. No. 508)
to refund to the States the interest and discount
on money borrowed to equip, pay, supply, and
transport troops for the service of the United
States in the recent war, pending which the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. ramsey] moves
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business. The question is on that
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to th.e consideration of executive
business. After a few minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
four o'clock and twenty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 20, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. A. McCauley, D. D., of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read,
when
Mr. MAYNARD said: I observe that the
Journal contains a great deal of merely formal
matter, and I move that the further reading be
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair prefers that the
reading of the Journal should be completed.
Mr. MAYNAllD. Very well. I withdraw
the motion.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the Jour-
nal. After some time,
Mr. KELSEY moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the reading of the Journal will be dispensed
with. The Chair, however, must remark that
he considers it a very bad precedent to dis-
pense with the reading of the Journal.
Mr. WOOD. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very glad to
hear the objection.
The reading of the Journal was concluded.
custom-house at ckda k keys, florida.
Mr. STARK WEATHER, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back, with an amendment in
the form of a substitute, the bill (H. R. No.
GGG) to authorize the removal of the custom-
house from St. Marks to Cedar Keys, Florida.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that the port of entry of the collection district
of St. Marks, iu the State of Florida, be
removed from the town of St. Marks to the
town of Cedar Keys, and St. Marks is made
and declared a port of delivery in that district.
Mr. STARK WE A JTIER. This bill has the
unanimous approval of the Committee on
Commerce, and is also recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
_ Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. SARGENT, (having asked and obtained
unanimous consent to make a personal explan-
ation.) I send to the desk and ask that the
Clerk read an extract from the National Repub-
lican of this morning.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Tho investigation of tho charges of corruption
naado against the Commissioner of Indian Afiairs
has been postponed until Tuesday next. General
Blunt, in his testimony before the committee, stated
that one of tho great troubles in obtaining appro-
priations for the Indians was that nearly every
member of Congress who votes for appropriations
expects and demands liberal compensation, which
is usually paid, and in order to accomplish this some
sharp practice has to be resorted to."
Mr. SARGENT. In reply to this infamous
paragraph it is only necessary for me to say
that General Blunt has not testified before the
committee, and that the efforts of the com-
mittee to ascertain his whereabouts in order
to serve it subpena on him have, up to this
time, been unavailing. We have made efforts
continuously, by telegraph and otherwise, to
secure his attendance; aud I will thank any
newspaper editor or reporter who may publish
the fact that we desire the presence of General
Blunt before our committee.
It may not be proper for me to state testi-
mony that is before that committee, but I cer-
tainly can state what is not. There is not
before the committee any testimony of- the
character named from any person. As to the
taste of the paragraph I will make no remark.
It is an aspersion upon a body of gentlemen
who certainly have nothing in their associa-
tions or character to justify it in any degree.
It is nakedly a reckless libel upon the House
of Representatives.
protection of indi4n frontier.
Mr. DEGENER, by unanimous Consent,
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs
a bill (H. R. No. 2690) for the better protec-
tion of the Indian frontier; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
port of delivery, knoxville, tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am directed by the
Committee of Waysand Means to report a bill
to reestablish Knoxville, Tennessee, as a port
of delivery. I desire to have this bill acted
on at the present time.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal the
act approved July 11, 1862, "to abolish cer-
tain ports of delivery in the Mississippi val-
ley," so far as that act relates to Knoxville,
Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this bill will be considered at the present time,
Mr. BECK. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, is this a
bill against, which a single objection can avail?
The SPEAKER. The privilege of the com-
mittee to report measures at any time for the
action of the House extends to appropriation
bills only.
Mr. BECK. I have no reason to object
except the groundless objections which fre-
quently come from the gentleman to bills un-
objectionable in their character.
morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, at eighteen minutes past twelve o'clock
m.; and this being Friday, reports of a private
nature are first in order from the Committee
on Military Affaifs.
emueen h. bishop.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill (H.
Ii. No. 2809)forthe reliefofReuben H. Bishop;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be authorized and directed to pay to
Reuben H. Bishop, of Charlestown, Ohio, out
of any money appropriated for the p&yment of
arrears of pay and bounty, the sum of $175.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion tliereofthebill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
henry ii, h0yt.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also from the same
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
2777) for the relief of Henry H. Hoyt, late of
the fifth regiment Wisconsin infantry, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
ihe hill was read. I provides that the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
be instructed to allow and pay? oat of any money
