24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 6,
Ho. os Heps.
Paraguayan Investigation—Mr.« Orth.
41st Cong.,.. 3d Sess.
would ask liim further whether General Mc-
Hahon, to whom he has referred in compli-
mentary terms—and I entirely agree with him
in his estimate of the character of that distin-
guished gentleman—does not state in his evi-
dence that there was no apprehension of per-
sonal violence either to Mr. Washburn or his
family ?
Mr. ORTH. My friend asks me if there was
any reason to apprehend violence to Mr. Wash-
burn and his family. In reply I say that a
tyrant who slays his own kindred, a tyrant who
.applies the lash to the back of his own sister,
and who can order the incarceration of the
mother who gave him birth, would not stop at
any outrage. But, furthermore—and my friend
from Maryland knows this to be true—Bliss
and Masterman begged and entreated Mr.
Washburn to proceed as fast as he could, with
his wife and child, to the boat, so that the
American Navy might come to their rescue.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] calls
my attention to the following passage from the
testimony of Mr. Washburn :
"At last we got ready to bo. Bliss, Masterman,
and myself talked it over as to what it was best to
do: whether it was best to makeaprotest that I
should refuse to go without them, or whether I should
march out of the legation with the American Hug
Hying, covering all of us. But we knew that any-
thing wo might do of that kind would have no good
effect; that it would only enrage Lopez, and that a
very little thing would induce him to stop all of us.
Our united opinion was that if I could get away and
givo the alarm to our squadron as to their situation
it would be the best thing for me to do. They thought
that probably before they would be killed something
would come to their relief. I started my family ahead
of us, so that they could not see anything of what
might transpire. The French and Italian consuls
went down to the steamer with us. "We had got to
the front door of my house, and just as wo stepped
off the corridor into the street, thero were about
fifty soldiers, without nny officers that I could see,
and not one of whom, I suppose, could speak Span-
ish, who rushed in and caught Bliss and Masterman
and a^iegro servant whom Carreras had left there,
and took them right off to prison. I wont down to
tho little steamer and went aboard, and soon after-
ward she got up steam and went down to whero the
Wasp was lying, about twenty miles down the river."
Mr. BECK. I would ask the gentleman if
both Bliss and Masterman do not testify that
all those facts are true?
Mr. ORTH. Unquestionably they do. But,
sir, when I was interrupted by the gentle-
man from Maryland I was alluding to the tes-
timony of Commander Iiirkland and other
witnesses, describing this most extraordinary
scene before the court of the inquisition of
Paraguay, where these trembling victims were
brought into the presence of these naval cap-
tains, and interrogated as to whether their con-
fession was true or false; and those American
officers—to our shame be it said, for whatever
affects the dignity and honor of this Govern-
ment affects you and me as citizens of this
Republic—to our shame be it said, that these
men stood silently by throughout that whole
dishonorable, disgusting, and criminal scene,
without a word of protest, when, at all haz-
ards, they should have indignantly repelled
the effort of Lopez thus to manufacture tes-
timony intended to blacken the character of
our minister, and through his alleged crim-
inal conduct to bring reproach upon the escut-
cheon of their Government. For such, Mr.
Speaker, was the character and purport of
"the. papers" they "verified," and which
" papers" Admiral Davis said he would bring
to the State Department. Well, he brought
them here; and if there is in that State De-
partment a receptacle for all that is low and
mean and vicious and abhorrent. I presume
those papers" have found there a proper lodg-
ment. They have never been dignified by
being placed upon the archives of our nation ;
never, never! Now, sir, all that I ask of this
House is just simply to say that they disap-
prove of the conduct of Admiral Davis.
This confession of Bliss and Masterman was
extorted from them by the infliction of the
"cepo-uruguayana.'' I wish I had one of
those men right here in this area to explain to
the members of this House as they explained
to the members of the committee this process
of the " cepo-uruguayana." I will try to explain
it. Three muskets are placed on the shoulders
and three on the hips, and the body brought in
a bending position. Those muskets on the
shoulders and the hips are united by thongs,
into which sticks are then placed and the
thongs twisted until the vertebra of the victim
cracks. But I will forbear any further allusion
to this sickening scene, adding that these con-
fessions thus obtained were senttothe Depart-
ment of State by Admiral Davis, and can sub-
serve no other purpose, while they exist, than
a continuing testimony of the admiral's con-
nection with a transaction in which he can
hardly feel any pride.
Sir, I beg pardon of the House for thus long
trespassing upon its patience, and will add only
a word or two in conclusion. I can well ima-
gine when these two victims of Lopez's cruelty
were brought on board the Wasp, with our
national colors at the mast-head, that they
returned thanks to Almighty God for their de-
liverance, for they beheld in those stars and
stripes, so loved by all Americana, a protector
they had not seen for many long and weary
days. We can also imagine, faintly, however,
their feelings when for the first time their feet
touched the deck of that vessel, and they be-
lieved, or they had a right to believe, they would
receive the sympathy and congratulations of
the admiral! But no such greetings awaited
them. On the contrary the admiral refused to
see them. He refused to have any converse
with them. He received them as "prisoners;"
he treated them as "prisoners," and held them
as "prisoners," until his vessel, with Bliss and
Masterman on board, sailed into the harbor of
Iiio, where he was shamed out of his conduct
by public opinion, and then suffered them to
proceed to Washington.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question for information ?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 do not see any reso-
lution reported by the committee, or embraced
in the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Orth] which contains any censure
of the conduct of these two officers, Ramsey
and Iiirkland.
Mr. ORTH. No, sir. And I will say to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maykard]
that I have had some difficulty in my own mind
as to what the action of this House should be
in that matter; whether we should simply regard
them as acting under the direct orders of their
immediate superior, Admiral Davis, or whether
we should express our own dissent, and hold
them, to some extent, individually responsible
for having become the willing spectators of,
and, I may add, participators in so dishonorable
a scene.
I now leave this matter for the present with
the single remark that the honor and dignity
of the Government is involved in these trans-
actions to which I have called the attention
of the House; and upon my associates on this
floor devolves the responsibility of deciding
what measure shall be meted out to these
recreant officers.
Friday, January 6, 187-1.
The House having under consideration the
same subject—
Mr. ORTH said: Mr. Speaker, I shall en-
deavor in the brief time allotted to allude to
some of the positions taken by gentlemen in
opposition to the resolutions now pending
before this House. I listened with some atten-
tion to the speech of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge,] and in in all charity
I must come to the conclusion, judging from
his remarks, that for want of time or probably
want of disposition, he has not informed him-
self fully of the contents of the record in this
case. Had he done so, he would certainly be
aware of the charges preferred against Admi-
rals Godon and Davis, and the evidence by
which those charges are supported. That evi-
dence was not taken before a " star chamber;"
the persons implicated were present during a
large portion of the time while testimony was
heard by the committee, and the opportunity
of being present during the whole time, if they
saw proper, was accorded them by the com-
mittee. The admirals heard much of the tes-
timony ; in fact, they testified fully and at great
length, and every latitude was allowed them
by the committee for any testimony they might
submit in their defense. The gentleman from
Wisconsin also ought to know we are ill this
matter sitting as a court of inquiry, the high3St
known to the Constitution of the country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose. _
Mr. ORTH. I cannot yield. We are hi,re
as the Representatives of the people, charged
by the Constitution with the duty, and exxr-
cising the right of inquiring into the conduct
of their servants.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest 
Mr. ORTH. I have no time; I must decline
to yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only wish to say, not
one House in any case, but both.
Mr. ORTH. We have the authority uno,;r
the Constitution to inquire whether these offi-
cers, employed by the people and paid with
their money, have discharged their duties hon-
estly and faithfully. If this power does not
reside in this House, then there is no jurisdic-
tion in any other branch of the Government to
make the proper inquiry ; and, contrary to the
spirit and genius of our institutions, the officers
of the Government become in effect superior
to the people, the true source of all political
power. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldbidge] will hardly assume such a position,
and I repeat that the only solution for his posi-
tion is in the fact that he has not informed
himself as to the charges and the testimony
contained in the report of the committee.
Mr. Speaker, I am not taken by surprise at
the positions assumed by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Wii.lard,] for, as colleagues on
the committee—in facton thesub-committee—
we have been for many months cognizant of the
facts in this case, and equally cognizant of the
different views we each entertained as to the
action we should recommend to tho House.
Almost from the inception of thisinvestigation
I have been impressed that my colleague, and
I make the comparison with due respect, felt
in reference to this matter as coroner's juries
often feel and act who are called upon to sit
in judgment on theconduetof railroad officials
after some terrible accident. These juries gen-
erally have more sympathy for the living than
for the dead, and although there may be crim-
inal negligence they usually find "many per-
sons killed, but nobody to blame." My col-
league is forced to admit that we have shown
negligence, refusal to discharge public duty,
disgraceful altercation ; but for these matters
his remedy is "oblivion."
I trust the House will not agree with him.
The proper course to take is tcr ascertain
whether guilt, exists ; then fix the responsibil-
ity and apply the remedy. This will teach all
our officials that they are amenable to the peo-
ple, and the people will have a guarantee that
their interests are properly respected and pre-
served. I agree with the gentleman [Mr.
Willaud] in what he has said in praise of the
former services of Admirals Godon and Davis,
but that cannot be plead as an immunity for
the acts with which they are now charged.; and
these acts, permit me to repeat, are of no ordin-
