• 18W.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Annexation of 8cm Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate,
ary character. They affected not only the
rights of an American minister, and through
him the dignity of his Government, but they
imperiled the lives of two members of his lega-
tion, who, by every consideration of justice,
were entitled to our protection. I had hoped,
Mr. Speaker, that when the liberty and the
life of an American citizen were in jeopardy
the gentleman from Vermont, breathing the
liberty-loving atmosphere of his Green mount-
ains. would partake of its spirit, and on this
floor be found strenuously contending for the
cause of liberty, securing it even to the hum-
blest of our citizens; but no,in this matter he
is willing to accept the "stereotyped" approv-
als of the Naval and State Departments as a
bar to our inquiry and as an all-sufficient salvo
for these outrages.
The more I reflect upon the matters disclosed
by this investigation the more I regret the ac-
tion of our committee in recommending such
mild measures to this House. This discussion
and the expressions which I hear from mem-
bers all around me have confirmed me in the
views I have always entertained as to the res-
olutions of the committee, and I am now fully
satisfied that the cool and deliberate judgment
of the House will finally coincide with these
views, and, as a proper conclusion, adopt the
resolution presented by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] and which meets
my hearty concurrence, providing for a court-
martial, when proper punishment will follow
the acts which we shall by our votes emphat-
ically disapprove.
I thank my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
for having given such an exhaustive reply to
the long and labored effort yesterday of my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Swaxn,] for it re-
lieves me from the necessity, in a great meas-
ure, of adverting to many of the positions he
ha? taken. He [Mr. Swastn] seemed to think
that this case rested on the testimony of Bliss
and Masterman, and he seized upon a single
expression in the testimony of General Webb
which tended to throw discredit upon the
veracity of Mr. Bliss.
This attack upon the veracity of Mr. Bliss
has nothing in all the testimony to sustain it,
save and except a mere casual remark of Gen-
eral Webb, as follows:
" As tutor I felt that he never impressed upou the
children sufficiently the importance of truth.
Upon that expression the gentleman from
Maryland builds his hypothesis that the testi-
mony of Bliss should be entirely excluded
from consideration in this case. But Mr.
Webb does not stop .there. I read further
from the testimony:
" I do not know that he ever made any misrepre-
mentations to me. ..
' Question. Did you dissolve your connection with
Mm because of his want of character for veracity ?
"Ansvser. I dissolved my connection with mm,
more than for tiny other reason, because of his utter
disqualification for teaching; because he was pas-
sionate, and because ho did not impress upon the
children various things which I required him to do,
and particularly the importance ot truth.
"Question. Did you tell Captain Kirkland, or any
other person, you discharged him on account 01 iiis
want of character for truth ?
>>ji.naw€y Never. I cannot say that I discharged
Mr. Bliss at all. He himself was anxious to go.
Again ; here is another question :
••Question. At the time he left you was his charac-
ter such in your estimation that if ho had related
to you an important fact in which no himselt was
interested, or any other party was interested, you
would have put fall confidence in his statement t
Here is the unreserved answer of General
Webb:
" Answer. Unlimited. If he had come to me and
stated that such and such were facts I would not
havo doubted his statements. I have no hesitation
in saying that I believe tho whole of his statement
in relation to the conduct of Lopez toward him in
Paraguay."
Here let me inform the House, lest some
might be misled, that none of the facts upon
which we rely to prove the charges against the
conduct of Admirals G.odo.n and Dayi^ r^esj
upon the testimony qf Mr. Bliss; not one.
Every one of thgs.e charges ata.nijs supported
by other and unirupe^qhed witnesses, and I
am surprised that the gentleman froqi Verwoj^t
[Mr. Willard] in alluding to the t;esoluUori
of censure against Admiral IJavis should ljave
s.aid that his high character entitled him tp
have been confronted by witnesses of unim-
peachable character. Let me say to that gen-
tleman and to this House that the facts proven
against Admiral Davis are proven by the testi-
mony of Mr. Worthington, our minister to the
Argentine Republic, and by the captains of
his squadron, by his fleet surggon, Dr. Duvall,
and by the petty officers of his fleet, not oije
of whom has been impeached, and I doubt
whether either of them could be impeached.
Mr. WILLARD. I referred, in my allusion
to the testimony, to that of Bliss and' Master-
man.
Mr. ORTH. I cannot yield to thegentlemaj).
I have not time to do so. Let me state another
fact in this case. Admiral Davis has sworn
positively before your committee that he did
not receive and treat. Bliss and Masterman as
prisoners, and yet the testimony of Mr. Worth-
ington, of Fleet Surgeon Duvajl, %pd. of the
captains and petty officers of the fleet is all in
one unbroken line, proving, beyond doubt that
Davis did receive them a§ prisoners and held
and treated thoip as prisoners.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a word in reference t,o
General McMahon. I yesterday stated, what. I
am willing to affirm to day, that I believe him
to be a gentleman of high character. But when
his name is sought to be introduced here, as it
was yesterday by the gentleman from Maryland.
[Mr. Swaxn,] in order to palliate the crimes
and atrocities of Lopez, and his miserable mis-
tress, it becom.es ray duty, to allude tp ^ome. of
the circumstances surrounding his n^ideiige in
Paraguay.
When McMahon reached Paraguay he found
but little opportunity for the exercise of his
diplomatic functions or skill. The capital was
deserted, and he never visited it. The court
was a roving camp, and he w.as near itj and
generally accompanied its migrations. He was
thus brought into the official and personal so-
ciety of Lopez, who receiyed and treated him
most.cordially ; and Lopez, had good r.e.aSQns,
aside from the geniality of our minister, to ac-
cord him such a reception. Had he not mal-
treated his predecessor and imprisoned a.por-
tion of his legation, and was it not most,politic
that he should thus seek to palliate his errors
and his crimes? He felt that he had most
grossly insulted the dignity of this nation, and
hence resorted to these arts to produce concil-
iation, or at least to efface from the mind of
the new minister any unpleasant impressions.
There is no doubt that the relations between
Lopez and McMahon were most cor.dia} and
intimate, for an acquaintance of a few.mpnthg
ripened into a friendship and confidence that
is usually of a much slower grovyth. A.mpng
all the friends and associates of-Lopez Mr.
McMahon was selected as the executor of hi?
estate, in the event of his death, to which he
was, of course, daily exposed. And in addition
to this trust, he was designated by l]in) as the
"trustee" of the property, being, his.entire
estate, which he bequeathed to his mistress,
Madam Lynch, and also as the guardian of
his infant children.
In view of these facts it is not to he wqndered
that McMahon returned from Paraguay with
exalted views of the life and character ot Lopez,
whom all the world beside execrates as a
most atrocious tyrant.
It is not very surprising that McMahon
should have received favorable impressions.
He saw but the bright aide, of the picture. He
did not hear the groans of the hundreds and
the thousands suffering in imprisonment all
the torments of the inquisition. N.o, sir ; ijo,
He saw but the roseate hu§?; yo.und ths'ija.
qj.edj.ate pr,esepcq of Lopez and his family,
and he comes home, the p,nly ma.n, of t^^ hun-
dreds. who. had been in Paraguay, including
the family physician of Lopez, including tlije
high offtciajs "of his Government, including
officers wl|0 Ij.ad served in his aj-my, wiip lifts
up h's vpice in defence q£ this monster of
modern tames.
Mr, Speaker, I see that my time is exhausted,
and I leave this case in the hands of the mem-
bers of this House, fully, satisfied that, so far
as lies in their power, they will vindicate the
honor, the dignity, and the rights of the
American people.
Annexation of San Domingo.
SPEECH OF HON. CARL SCHTJBfc,
of missouri,
L\ the Senate of the United States,
January 11, 1871.
The Senate haying under consideration til earn en<t-
ment of, the House of Representatives to the." joiut
resolution (s. r. no. 262) authorizing: the, appoint-
ment of commissioners in relation to the republio
of Dominica-
Mr. SCHURZ said:
Mr. President : The Congress of the IIjil-
ted States is at the present moment presenting
a. curious spectacle to the American people.
We are discussing the question whether^ com-
mission of inquiry shall be sent to San Domingo
for the pur.ppse of investigating the condition
of.that.conutry; and'we are deliberating under
whip and spur of extraordinary urgency, being
told that it must be done now., and must be
done quickly. That commission is to furnish
us qertain information, Who needs that in-
formation? Nqt.the President, of the United
States, for he. has told via in his mess.age tha.t
it was an act, of folly to rejpet the annexation
of San Domingo, and that it would be a, great
calamity, to this cpuntry if that act, should be
repeated,. It mnest,therefore necessarily be pre-
sumed that he has in his possession already _
all tliat information which led him to such
peramptory conclusions.
Who else may want it? Probably not t lie
Senators around me who are in favor of an-
nexation, for they have made up their minds.
It may be presumed that they know all they
desire to know, to lead them to the formati i>n
of the convictions upon which they are reaJy
to act.
Who then does need it? If anybody, tie
Senators and the members of the House if
Representatives do, who are so far opposed to
annexation.
Is it then unreasonable, when making up,a
bill- of the subjects which are, to be inquired
intq, that the desires of those wrho -sfayifl in
need.of. that,information should be consulted?
Should net, they beforp all others be aslstid
(f'Qr- they, may, he open to convictipn) " wh.tt
do you desire to know; what information is it
that may possibly shake the conclusions at
which you have arrived?"
And yet, what was the spectacle we observed
upon the floor of the Senate the other day 1 A
bill of subjects to be. inquired into, was, laid
before us. It was argued on our part ,that,that
bill of subjects contained a great many things
which w;ere indifferent, and that, on the other
hand, it d'd npt contain many which, ware of
the utmost importance for the Congress of the
Uuited Stapes to know; arid yet, wonderful to.
tell, whenever any suggestion was made in the
form of an amendment by a Senator who was
known to be opposed to annexation as to a
point upon which he desired,to bg.mfqrmed,
it was incontinently voted down.
