26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Senate.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
For instance, it wag asserted on this floor,
and I think with some show of reason, and
the assertion came from a quarter entitled to
respect, that the Government of President
Baez was upheld by the naval power of the
United States. This may be true or not. It
was asserted that if the naval forces of the
United States were withdrawn from the waters
of San Domingo, the 'Government of Presi-
dent Baez would at once fall; that the people
themselves were dissatisfied with their ruler ;
that they would avail themselves of the first
opportunity of free action to tumble him from
his seat. That may be true, or it may not
be; and yet nobody will deny that it is for
us a most interesting subject to have reliable
information upon.
For that reason I introduced an amendment
that the ships of war kept by the United States
in the waters of San Domingo should be with-
drawn, and that if any protectorate was exer-
cised over the present Government of Sail
Domingo by which that Government was kept
in power, such protectorate should be imme-
diately discontinued; and that for the purpose
of giving the people of San Domingo an op-
portunity and time to speak their true sen-
timents freely and without any restraint, and
for the purpose of giving that inquiring com-
mission an opportunity to learn the true sen-
timents of the people freely developed, the
commission should not commence its inquiry
until about three months after all outside pres-
sure had been removed from the people of
that island; and yet, sir, that amendment was
at once voted down.
I would ask gentlemen, are they afraid of
what might come to light.if the protection of
the United States Navy were withdrawn from
that island? And furthermore, why in the
name of common sense are we in snch a tre-
mendous hurry? Is it necessary that we should
annex San Domingo to-morrow? Can we not
wait two, three, or four months? Is it indis-
pensably necessary that the commission should
start without the least delay, with instructions
ill-digested and hurriedly made up?
One reason was given why it should start at
once: that if it did not it could not complete
its labors during the cool season. Why, sir,
the joint resolution requires that the commis-
sion shall give us some information conc'ern-
ing the climate of San Domingo ; and here
they are to be sent off at once, and to return
before the hot season commences, so that,
they may have no unpleasant experiences of
the climate of that island. Senators, are we
serious men, or is this a mere mockery with
which we are attempting to delude ourselves
and to deceive the people of the United States?
Is this to be an honest inquiry, or is it to be
merely apiece of political jugglery? In the
face of the facts, is not this a legitimate ques-
tion ?
I expressed the opinion when the resolution
was under consideration before that if that
commission were to inquire conscientiously
into all the subjects enumerated in the joint
resolution it would require at least from three
to five years to arrive at a result of real value;
and that is my opinion still. And yet we were
coolly told here that the whole inquiry is to be
finished in three or four weeks. 1 might vote
for a scientific commission to be sent to San
Domingo, oranywhei'e else, for the purpose of,
in good faith, augmenting the stock of human
knowledge; but can any such end be attained
by a commission like this, sent there in hot
haste, without preparation, to do what it is to
do in an unseemly hurry and then to report
-here before the expiration of this Congress
so that we may quickly annex San Domingo?
It looks rather like a mockery than like a
solemn act of legislation.
The gentlemen who favor this project therm
selves feel the weakness of their proposition,
for they endeavor to devise all manner of pre-
texts to divert our minds from the true pur-
pose. It was said that the commission was to
be sent there for the purpose of justifying,
exonerating, exculpating the President of the
United States in certain things ; that suspi-
cion had been thrown upon his character;
that accusations had been raised against him
personally. If this be so I do not know it.
As far as I am aware, no such charge has been
made By any responsible party willing to sus-
tain it. Neither do I believe that the people
of the United States think that the President
of the United States is acting in this matter
from corrupt motives. We certainly did not
say that he needed any justification. That
suggestion came from the other side, and at
the same time from the other side came the
proposition that the President should, without
the advice and consent of the Senate, himself
appoint the jury to try him. Is it not evident
on the very face of things that the declamation
of the President having to be justified and
exculpated was nothing but a mere subter-
fuge ?
We are asked, ""Why not give the President
this commission which he would like to have
so much?" Do gentlemen on the other side
desire to represent the President of the United
States to us as a child, to be humored with a
bauble? I, for ray part, have more respect for
the office and more respect for the man. No,
sir; for such things a grave act like this ought
not to be performed. Such things are hardly
compatible with the dignity of the President,
and just as little with the dignity of the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. President, what is the subject which we
are thus to inquire into and which is being
treated with such levity? It is not whether we
shall purchase a building site for a new public
office, to expend a million or two; not whether
we shall grant aid to a railroad; not whether
we should acquire a strip of territory on our
frontier to rectify a boundary. Sir, the subject
wc are discussing is one in comparison with
which such things appear insignificant and
trivial; the question before us is one of the
most momentous problems that has ever occu-
pied the attention of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States or any legislative assembly in the
world. It is not even merely whether we are
to annex the Dominican half of the island of
Hayti. It is the question whether we shall
incorporate the American tropics in our polit-
ical system.
Suppose we annex the Dominican republic;
will there be the end of our acquisitions? Re-
member the outcry which was raised against
the Senator from Massachusetts ['Mr. Sumxer]
the other day when he asserted that the message
of the President contained a menace against
Hayti. I will not enter into a controversy
here about the phraseology of that State paper;
but does not the mere idea of annexing the
Dominican republic contain in itself ipso facto
the most flagrant threat against Hayti that can
possibly be uttered? Is there a man on the
floor of thfi Senate who thinks that when we
have the one hall of that island we shall stop
before we have the other? Does the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] think so? Has not
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] just
asserted that of course we must have the other
half? And so we must. It is an absolutely pre-
posterous idea that we should content ourselves
while part of that island is in the hands of
another Power. Our possessions being divided
from the Haytian republic by a mere imagin-
ary line of boundary, continually crossed by
marauding parties, the very exigencies of our
customs service would oblige us to take the
territory of the Haytian republic too. Is it
not, therefore, a trifling equivocation if you
deny that there is really a threat against the
Haytian republic contained in this project ?
And are not the Haytians fully justified in
being alarmed about their independence ? Yes,
the annexation of the Dominican republic ren-
ders the annexation of the Haytian territory a
foregone conclusion.
But there we cannot stop. Look at the
map and you will find that the island of Cuba
lies between San Domingo and the coast of
Florida; thus there will be foreign territory
inclosed between one possession of ours and
another. Must we not have Cuba ? Of course
we must, for the purpose of securing the con-
tinuity of our possessions. This is no idle
conjecture ; it is not even denied, for the Sen-
ator from Indiana openly avowed on this floor
that of course we must and shall have Cuba;
that, too, is a foregone conclusion. With Cuba,
Porto Rico will come, and the Senator from
Indiana has already included it in his pro-
gramme, which he openly laid before us.
But there you will not stop. The Anglo-
Saxon race is somewhat notorious for its land
hunger, and such appetites-are always mor-
bidly stimulated by eating. Having San Do-
mingo, Cuba, and Porto Rico, you will not rest
until you possess, also, the other West India
islands; and what then? Then your posses-
sions will filPthe Caribbean sea and closely
encircle the Gulf of Mexico; and, possessing
the islands and the sea, how long will it be
before you are driven by the spirit of adven-
ture or by the apparent necessities of your sit-
uation to move for the annexation of the
continent bordering that sea on the other side?
Once started in that course you will not be
able to control yourselves; you will want more
and more and more ; and it is my sincere con-
viction that you will not stop until we have
everything down to the Isthmus of Darien.
Does it not occur to Senators that here is a
question presenting itself far greater than the
mere acquisition of the Dominican republic
only?
We may be asked, why should we not have
all this? Are not those countries rich, fertile,
and beautiful? Do they notoffer all the mag-
nificence of tropical production? Are not
their mountains full of precious ore? Yes,
they are rich ; I do not deny it; they are fer-
tile ; they may be considered as possessing
magnificent resources; and yet I'would ask
every Senator before me, before he lays his
hand upon that seductive portion of the globe
for the purpose of incorporating it in this Re-
public, and fusing it with our political system,
is there not a voice speaking within him telling
him to consider it well, to pause, to pouder,
and to beware? Consider: if you incorporate
those tropical countries with the Republic of
the United States, you will have to incorporate
their people too. If you do that, you will have
to accept them as acomponentand cooperative
element in that system of government, the
blessings of which we now enjoy. This is an
imperative necessity which you cannot escape ;
the logical consequence of your beginning;
and before this one consideration all others,
that of money, of the Dominican debt, of Baez
and Cabral, of sugar, coffee, cotton, salt, gold,
and precious stones, dwindle down into utter
nothingness.
The grave question arises: is the incor-
poration of that part of the globe and the
people inhabiting it quite compatible with the
integrity, safety, perpetuity, and progressive
development of our institutions which we
value so highly? If it is not, is the price
which we are to pay worth the bargain?
Let us look at the history of these islands;
and that history, I would respectfully suggest,
we know without the report of this commis-
sion, and I do not think the gentlemen to be
sent to San IDomingo will be able to give us
much new light upon it. Read that history,
read that of all other tropical countries, and
then show me a single instance of the sue-
