1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
cessful establishment and peaceable mainte-
nance for a respectable period of republican
institutions, based upon popular self-govern-
ment, under a tropical sun. To show me one,
do not confine your search to the West Indies;
look for it anywhere else on the face of the
globe in tropical latitudes. I challenge Sena-
tors to point their fingers to a single one.
There is none, sir. But, more than that, show
me a single instance in any tropical country
where labor when it was left free did not ex-
hibit a strong tendency to run into shiftless-
ness, and where practical attempts to organize
labor did not run in the direction of slavery.
Show me a single one, not only in the West
India islands, but anywhere in any tropical
country under the sun. You find none.
Sir, have we read history in vain? Shall I
give you an example of this tendency? There
was Toussaint L'Ouverture, the great eman-
cipator on that very island of San Domingo
which you propose to annex. Slavery was
abolished, and in his hand rested the destinies
of that young republic; upon his shoulders
was imposed the interesting and difficult task
to organize labor and to keep up the pros-
perity of his country. What did he do? He
simply issued ordinances and laws and instruc-
tions which commanded every possessor of a
landed estate to see to it that the laborers who
had been working on that estate were kept
to work, if need be, by force, the employer
being held responsible for his delinquency if
he did not, in case of necessity, apply force
for the purpose of accomplishing that object.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator yield
to me to ask a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand the
Senator to approve of that treatment?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; by no means.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand the
Senator to fear that it would cease if that island
should be annexed to the United States?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; it has ceased long
ago. But the proposition I was laying down
was this: that you cannot show me a single
tropical country on the face of the globe where
labor, if left free, did not run into shiftiess-
ness, and where attempts were not made to
establish or revive something akin to slavery
for the purpose of organizing labor. I stated
that as a historical fact.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me one remark, 1 would remind him that it is
only very recently that the Senator could point
to a tropical negro that was not in the condi-
tion of slavery. If the existence of a cond ition
of things and the length of time it has existed
prove its necessity or its justice, slavery ought
never to have been abolished in the United
States.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; the conclusion is
wrong. There is another view to be taken of
that subject. I solemnly declare here that if
by the abolition of slavery the development of
the resources of the tropical countries was
impaired, and if the organization of labor has
a tendency to run in the direction of slavery
there, I would much rather do without the
products of the tropical countries than rein-
troduce slavery or anything akin to it. Is the
Senator answered?
But does he deny the fact which I have just
stated ? He says that but recently every negro
there was a slave. Is that true? Does he
know when slavery was abolished in San
Domingo? The abolition of slavery in San
Domingo is nearly as old as the Constitu
tion of the United States. •
Mr. CARPENTER. That is recent in the
history of man.
Mr. SCHURZ. Several generations have
arisen and disappeared since, and thsre has
been abundant time during which all the fac
ulties of freemen under the tropical sun might
have developed themselves and produced re-
sults which the Senator might wish to be more
potent in opposition to my argument. No ;
certainly, sir, in me there lives not the faintest
thought in favor of anything like slavery. I
would continue to fight against it, as I have
fought against it, to my last breath. But I am
dealing with facts; stubborn facts, abominable
facts, facts I detest, but facts ; and if the Sen-
ator is able to deny them let him speak !
I do not know whether it might be improper
to suggest to him to study the history of those
countries, to investigate the working of causes
and effects. Such studies might perhaps clip
the wiugs of that youthful enthusiasm which
here and there throws such a brilliant gloss
upon the periods of public speakers. -But it
would at the same time bring them to a sober
appreciation of the problems they have to deal
with when disposing of the destinies of a great
people.
What I was asserting was simply this : that
there seem to be certain lawsof nature in opera-
tion, as we perceive by certain visible effects,
which yon cannot repeal by a treaty and can-
not modify by a joint resolution ; that those laws
of nature have asserted themselves time and
again and may reassert themselves again much
against our liking. Such effects may be modi-
fied here and there temporarily; we may,per-
haps, in the course of time, discover means to
modify them in a high degree; but such means
have not been discovered yet, and 1 am going
to show the Senator presently that even the
Anglo-Saxon race has not been able to escape
the government of those laws, in spite of its
native vigor.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope the Senator in
that connection will define the precise limits
within which liberty can exist; in fact, where
free institutions are possible.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think I shall gratify the
Senator in the course of my remarks. For the
present, I will simply say to him that I am not
dealing in theories, but that I am quoting his-
torical facts, which I like just as little as he
does ; that I have challenged any Senator to
deny those facts; that, so far, I have heard no
denial yet, and I am curious whether any will
come. I have a strong liking for the truth,
however unpleasant the shape in which it may
appear.
Our historical experience, not to use the
term '* natural law," points to thisin the tem-
perate zone man finds himself confronted by a
nature not bountiful enough to yield him sus-
tenance without a struggle, but fully bountiful
enough to amply reward any strong and well-
directed effort. The obstacles man has to com-
bat call into play the strength of his body,
and develop the inventive faculties of his
mind; he finds a stimulus in success, and his
very labor is encouraged and facilitated by the
atmosphere surrounding him. That is the ex-
perience which we gather all around us. The
exigencies of life render it necessary that the
different elements and forms of society should
cooperate together for common interests. They
strengthen the desire for social order, they
quicken the spirit of organization. The neces-
sity of fixed and permanent rules to govern
the movements o£ society becomes apparent;
the popular mind accustoms itself easily to the
idea that, while the individual must maintain
his independence in his immediate sphere, the
opinion of the few must, in the management of
common affairs and for the good of society,
yield to the opinion of the many, and consti-
tutional government, based upon the general
acquiescence in laws which are brought forth
and modified from time to time by the peace-
able and patient conflict of opinions, is the
natural result. And this result has in its
highest development been brought forth and
pnt in successful operation by our race on this
continent under natural influences most favor-
able to its essential conditions.
Let us now examine our historical expe-
rience in tropical latitudes. Wherever man
has to struggle with nature, with an encourag-
ing promise of reward, there he grows great.
Wherever that reward is denied him, or where
ever nature is so bountiful as to render con-
stant labor superfluous, there man has, as far
as our observations go, always degenerated.
While the temperate climate stimulates the
exercise of reason and the sense of order, the
tropical sun inflames the imagination to inor-
dinate activity and develops the government
of the passions. The consequences are nat-
ural : there is a tendency to government by
force instead of by argument; revolutions are
of chronic occurrence, like volcanic outbreaks,
and you will find political life continually oscil-
lating between two extremes—liberty which
there means anarchy, and order which there
means despotism.
TruS, sir, people living under a southern sun
sometimes develop high qualities, but they are
more of a brilliant than of a solid kind. They
show themselves more in spasmodic exertions,
in meteoric display, than in that consecutive,
steady, methodical work and application to
which we owe our great successes here. Some-
times great statesmen and warriors will rise up
there, who astonish the world with the bril-
liancy of their genius; but let us not forget
that something more is required than individ-
ual genius as a basis for the development and
security of free institutions. There are nations
struggling for liberty, generation after genera-
tion, and shedding streams of blood, arid yet
never attaining it. Looking over the history
of nations you will find that those are in the
steady enjoyment of free institutions who need
them for their daily work, for their pursuits.of
daily life. They cannot practically do without
them, and they have them. Where do you find
suchunderthe tropicalsun? You cannot point
to a single instance. Again a historical fact,
hard and deplorable, but a fact for all that.
Say not, sir, that I lack faith in the efficiency
of republican institutions. No, I dp not; for
here I witness that efficiency with high appre-
ciation. But, on the other hand, 1 trust we
have lived too long and seen too much to be-
lieve that the mere absence of a king is suffi-
cient to make a true republic, and that you
have only to place the ballot in the hands of
a multitude to make them citizens fit to sus-
tain the fabric of self government. Yes, sir,
we have seen too much in our lives to indulge
in such delusions, and the experiences which
prove the contrary are crowding too densely
around us.
What, then, is it that prevents people in the
tropics from establishing good and free gov-
ernments? We have heard the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] declaiming about our
duty to confer the blessings of our institutions
upon them. What do they want? Are they
not independent? Can we make them more
so? Are they not their own masters? Do
they not freely dispose of their own destinies,
just as freely as we? Look at Mexico, at the
Central and South American republics. Is
there any foreign Power that holds them under
coercion? Is not every man there a freeman ?
Are not those States nominally republics?
What is there that interferes with the free
disposition which they might make of them-
selves? Do they not possess all the rights and
forms of popular sovereignty? What is it that
prevents them from building up a stable polit-
ical system, resting upon the basis of self-gov-
ernment, likeours? Certainly no foreign Power
or influence prevents them. If they are pre-
vented at all they are prevented by themselves,
for they are their own masters. And how is it
