1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to inquire if this bill
provides for the appointment of a new judge?
Mr. RICE. It does; for the western district,
wliich is already in existence, includes not
only the western part of Arkansas, but the
entire Indian territory.
Mr. WILSON. I am opposed to the crea-
tion of new courts and judges, and I shall voie
against the bill.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third-time.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. As this is one of that
series of bills providing for additional districts
and judges, I should like to have the yeas and
nays upon this passage. Let us see if the Sen-
ate are disposed to create these courts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois if this is one of those measures he desig-
nated the other day as simply primary steps for
the creation of separate districts, and neces-
sarily of new judges ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the final step.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is one, per-
haps, of ten or a dozen similar bills for oreating
new judicial districts throughout the United
States. This bill provides for the appointment
of a judge and other officers for one of the
districts in Arkansas.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas when was the State of
Arkansas divided into two judicial districts?
Mr. RICE. In 1851.
Mr. HOWARD. Has there been a judge
in the western district ?
Mr. RICE. There has been but one judge
for both districts.
Mr. NYE. And he has had to attend to all
the business in the Indian territory.
Mr. TRUMBULL That the Senate may
understand that matter I will state that sev-
eral of the States are divided into what are
called different districts, where there is but
one judge. Tennessee has now, and has had
for many years, three districts ; but there is
but one judge. There are three places for
holding courts, and the judge goes to each
of those points. Arkansas has been divided
into two districts, and other States in the same
way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Vermontalso.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And Vermont, Under-
stand, is divided in the same way. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is mistaken in what he says.
The Indian territory jurisdiction has been in
the jurisdiction of the western district of Ark-
ansas for a longtiiife; that is no addition at
all. There is very little business growing out
of that. The Indians have jurisdiction of
their own cases. Once in awhile a partic-
ular ease gets into this court from the Indian
territory.
Mr. RICE. I will state that there is a large
amount of business growing out of the trade
and intercourse law with the Indians.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
if this bill increases the number of terms of
the court in the State ?
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. Does it afford any addi-
tional facilities to the people of the State?
Mr. RICE. It makes an additional court at
Helena, on the Mississippi river.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make one re-
mark, rather by way of explanation to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, who is interested in this
bill, than otherwise. I cannot consistently
vote for this bill, much as I should like to do
so, seeing the'interest he feols in it; and I
will state but a single reason that stands in my
Way. Very recently, in a bill which has not
yet gone beyond our jurisdiction, we have had
all the district judges put upon apar, and their
pay increased to $5,000. The argument which
perhaps controlled the Senate in that action
was that we had introduced along with the
elevation of salaries a provision subjecting
these judges to the necessity of going from
district to district in the same circuit; and my
honorable friend from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
demonstrated to the Senate how this increase
of duties there was to be an offset, an equiv-
alent, for the increase of pay. Now, before
that bill has left the Senate, there comes a
proposition to create another judge ; and some
Senator has said that it is one of ten or a dozen
such bills. I cannot see the propriety or the
consistency in these two pieces of legislation;
and the other piece having gone probably
beyond reconsideration, I feel bound to vote
against this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
Howell, Lewis, ,\'yc, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Rice, Saw-
yer, Scott, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, and
Williams—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron. Casserly, Conkling. Corbett,
Davis, Fenton'. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill,
Pratt, Ross, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague. Stearns,
Trumbull. Vickers, Willey, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Chandler,
Cole,.Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton of
Texas. Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Os-
born, Patterson, Pool. Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and Yates—27.
So the bill was rejected.
CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF INDEPENDENCE.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to make a per-
sonal appeal to the Senate. I have come here
for the last week, with a great deal of pain to
myself, when I ought to have been in my room
trying to restore my health. I am now not
fit to be here. I ought to be in my room
taking rest, so as to restore my wounded limb.
I mention this to say that I am very anxious
to bring up a bill in which the people of Phila-
delphia seem to be very much interested, and
about which I get telegrams every day. It is
the bill to fix the place for the celebration of
the centennial anniversary of the Declaration
of Independence. The people of Philadelphia
are very anxious to make their exposition on
that occasion one which the whole country
will be proud of, one which the whole world,
so far as it comes here to see, will be gratified
with; and it will require time in order to en-
able them to make the necessary preparations.
I ask from the Senate, as an act of courtesy to
myself, to take up this bill to-morrow—I will
not say to-day, but to-morrow—immediately
after the morning business is gone through
with. I think that is such an act of courtesy
as the old Senators would have been glad to
grant any one of their fellows. It is one which
1 think almost everybody here will be willing
to concede.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly there can be no
objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent that an
order be made that to-morrow after the morn-
ing business the Senate will proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 14T8, fixing
the place for the celebration of the centennial
anniversary of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. I must object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has expired.
Mr. COLE. We can take up that bill to-
morrow morning: but it may give rise to
long discussion, extending beyond the morn-
ing hour, to which I could not consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that that is what the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia desires, that the bill shall be taken up in
the morning hour after the morning business
shall have concluded.
Mr. COLE. He can make the motion then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill should
not be concluded at twelve o'clock to-morrow,
it would be passed over.
Mr. COLE. If that is the understanding, I
have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
BUSINESS OF MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask unanimous
consent, if I can obtain it, to have Thursday
evening set apart for the consideration of bills
from the Committee on Military Affairs. Wo
have had two separate days set apart lot- that
committee, and had to give them up; and now
I should like to have one evening devoted to
the business of that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts states that two days have
been set apart for reports from the Committee
on Military Affairs, but both of them have
been absorbed by other business; and he asks
that there shall be a session of the Senate on
Thursday evening, commencing at half past
seven o'clock, for the consideration of reports
from that committee. Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. With a great deal of reluctanc'e
I must object to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts: but I cannot, in
justice to myself before the Senate and the
country, permit any other business to intervene
until the appropriation bills are disposed of.
WILLIAM J. CLARK.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to call up House bill No. 2284, for the
relief of William J. Clark, administrator of
Gad E. Upson, deceased.- It will take but a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill being before the Senate, the Senator
from Connecticut asks permission to call up a
House bill, which he says will consume but a
moment. The Secretary will report the bill,
subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to audit,
settle, and adjust, upon just and equitable
principles, the accouuts of William J. Ciark,
administrator of the estate of Gad E. Upson,
deceased, late United States agent for the
Blackfoot and other Indians in the Territory
of Montana, and as a commissioner on the
part of the United States in negotiating a
treaty with those Indians, for disbursements
made and services rendered on behalf of the
Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any report ac-
companying the bill?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. There is no report,
but I will make a statement if Senators will
hear me for one moment. Gad E. Upson was
Indian agent in Montana. He made disburse-
ments and purchases for the Government.
After his decease his administrator attempted
to settle his accounts with the Government.
He found charges made for salaries of United
States officers which were not allowed because
the income tax was not deducted from them.
In making the purchases he made purchases in
a Territory where the currency of the United
States was not recognized. Every purchase
was made on the gold basis. When he at-
tempted to pay the bills the people there refused
to take the currency of the United States. He
sold the currency and paid the bills in gold.
That charge was rejected, and very properly.
If he had made the purchases in currency,
though at an advanced price, it would have been
allowed. This bill is simply to allow the
adjustment of such charges as those upon just
and equitable principles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He made the purchases
without agreeing to pay the gold, I under-
stand.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. He made the pur-
chases in a gold country at gold prices.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
