1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
a gold country—the United States, or some
other?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That section of the
country—Montana and California—which at
one time did not recognize the United States
currency as the basis for the settlement of
accounts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why did he not tender
the legal tenders and then tell the people of
whom he bought to wait until they could
determine their right?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I cannot tell why
he did not do that; but he did not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was of the opinion a
few days ago that it would not take iong for
the Senate to forget the great Chorpenning
claim. I introduced a resolution in about the
same form as this bill to refer a matter to
the Postmaster General to be adjusted upon
equitable principles, and it was said that that
was simply following in the precedent of the
Chorpenning claim. Now, here is a resolu-
tion proposing to refer the claim of a man to
the Secretary of the Interior to be adjusted
upon equitable principle, without any restric-
tions or limitations whatever; and if that rule
is to be applied to cut oif a measure of this
kind when I propose it, I think it ought to
be applied to other resolutions of the same
kind, and the Senate, it seems to me, ought to
adhere to some rule on that subject. If these
bills are going to pass in this shape, let every
bill be served alike ; if not, let this resolution
be rejected as the one I proposed the other
dav was. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of this joint reso-
lution
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest that the resolu-
tion be changed so as to instruct the Secretary
of I he Interior to examine the claim and report
to Congress upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. That would be better.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the resolution
ought to go to a committee of the Senate first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has it not been referred ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be referred,
certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood that it had been referred and reported.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will withdraw my
motion, and move the reference of the joint
resolution to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was read twice on the 21stof J une. 1870,
and referred to the Committee on Claims, and
was reported 011 the loth of February without
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Reported by what commit-
t66 ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
from the Committee on Claims, without amend-
ment. by me Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis.] on ihe 13th of February, having been
before the committee since June last. It is,
however, subject to objection. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over for the moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be consid-
ered at the present time.
publication of debates.
Mr. ANTEEONY. I wish to have a paper
read here which is in the nature of a question
of privilege. I intended to ask the attention
of the Senate before this to the fact that the
contract for publishing the debates of Congress
in the Congressional Globe ceases on the 3d
of March, arid I have to day- received a letter
from the contractors which I ask to have read,
and then the Senate will be in possession of
all the information that I or the Printing Com-
mittee have on the subject.
The VICE PUESIDENT. The Senator from
Khode Island, the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, desires a paper read relative to
the publication of the debates of the Senate
and House of Representatives.
Mr. CASSERLY. So far as I am concerned
I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is read simply
for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Congressional Globe Office.
Washington. D, C., February 20,1871.
Sir : As the contract between the General Govern-
ment and the undersigned providing for the report-
ing and printing of the debates of the Forty-First
Congress will expire on the 3d dny of March next,
ooly eleven days hence, we think it proper to in-
form yon that we are prepared to negotiate for the
formation of a contract for the continuation of the
work, if Congress shall desire us to d) so.
We do not know what, if any, arrangements are
contemplated by the Committee on Printing; but
if w© are to be selected for the work, it is necessary
that we (even with all of our facilities) should have
a few days' notice of the fact, in order that we may
make adequate provisioi* of materials and labor.
It is a work of great maguitude; and to enter
upon it will iuvolve a larger outlay of money than
we,or any one else, we think, would bo justified in
making upon an uncertainty.
Weare, very respectfully,
P. & J. RIVES k GEO. A. BAILEY,
Contractors for Reporting and Printing
the Debates of Congrets*
Hon. He>*ry B. Axthony,
Chairman Joint Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
be referred to the Committee on Printing. •
tissley, van horn & co., and others.
Mr. BLAIR. Being a member of the com-
mittee appointed to investigate alleged out-
rages in the southern States, I am not able to
be in the Senate much of the time, and I there-
fore ask the indulgence of the Senate to take
up and act upon House bill No. 198. which
will not give rise to any debate. If it does, as
a matter of course I will not ask the Senate to
consider it now.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. It will be taken
up, subject to a demand for the regular order,
if there be no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California yields to the Senator from Missouri,
who asks unanimous consent, being upon a
committee which sits during the sessions of the
Senate, for the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 198) for the relief of Tinsley, Van Horn
& Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark, and J. N.
Henderson & Co., of Louisiana, Missouri,
which will be read, subject to a demand for
the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
investigate the claims of Tinsley, Van Horn
& Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark, and James
N. Henderson & Co., tobacconists of the city
of Louisiana, Missouri, for the abatement and
remission of certain taxes assessed against
them for the months of October and Novem-
ber, 1867, and to abate and remit, in whole or
in part, as he may think just, the taxes so
assessed against them upon their property
destroyed by fire on the 15th of November,
18G7.
Mr. BLAIR. I will simply say to the Sen-
ate that this bill contemplates the remission
of taxes assessed against property that was
destroyed by fire in Louisiana, Missouri.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatcommittee reported
the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BLAIR. The property was assessed
and afterward destroyed by fire. The bill has
passed the House of Representatives, and has
been reported unanimously by the Committee
on Finance. I think there can be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much is this claim?
Mr. BLAIR. It is a claim for the remis-
sion of taxes assessed on tobacco.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 understand the nature
of it, because I was listening to the Senator
with attention : but I ask him what is the total
amount of the claim?
Mr. BLAIR, i do not know. The Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Fenton,] who re-
ported the bill from the Committee on Finance,
will probably know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was
reported by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Fexton.J
Mr. FENTON.. I do not recollect the num-
ber of dollars involved in the bill. It seemed
to be a very clear case, and was in the line of
the precedents. 1 believe it does not amount
to more than four or five thousand dollars. I
cannot now bring to mind the particulars of
the case ; 1 have only a geueral impression that
it was a very clear and plain case. The Com-
mittee on Finance did not hesitate to report
it back with a recommendation that it pass.
The sum is not very large.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend, the bill
by adding the following proviso:
( Provided, That in no event shall the amount
1 allowed under this bill exceed the sum of $4,000.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont will not indicate that sum
on account of anything I say, for 1 only now
speak from general impressions. The sum was
not very large.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can agree to the
amendment as a limit in view of recent expe-
riences, and then, if itturnsouttobe improper,
before the amendment is finally agreed to it
can be corrected.
Mr. FENTON. If it be limited at all it
should be simply to the amount that was paid
by these parties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then, as
nobody here teems to know how'much this
claim is, 1 think it had better go over until we
find out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont objects to the present consideration
of the bill.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. CORBETTand Mr. WILSON addressed
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor on the
legislative appropriation bill, which is now
before the Senate; and debate upon it is lim-
ited to half past two o'clock.
Mr. CASSEltLY. I wish to say one word,
if I have the right to do so.
Th  VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. . I have made a great
many efforts at this session to get measures up
in which I had an interest, but few in number
and of great importance *> the State of Cali-
fornia, but 1 never have succeeded. If I were
to return to gentlemen of the majority in this
I Senate that sort of courtesy I should refuse to
t yield now ; but I will not do that. IflbcSen-
i ator from Oregon or the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has anything to present which will
, not lead to debate I certainly have no objec-
tion to its consideration.
Mr. CORBETf. I simply desire to offer an
. amendment to the bill (11. It. No. 2579; mak-
ing appropriations lor the service of the Post
; Office Department for the year ending June
: 30, 1872.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
| received as a matter of course, and referred to
I the Committee on Appropriations, and printed.
i department of jcsiick.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to call up a bill,
which I do not think will occasion any debate,
which was reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to amend the act to establish the
Department of Justice. It might be read, that
Senators may see what it is. It is a House hill,
and is very short. It is House bill No. 2805.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 2805) supplementary to an
act to establish the Department of Justice.
