1SY1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSlOiTA'L "6LOBT3.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
of northern civilization will pervade Virginia
and North Carolina and Tennessee almost'as
thoroughly as Maryland and Pennsylvania.
The northernmost of the late-slave States,;ho"w-
ever obstreperous the spirit of their'people
may appear to-xlay, will, only gradually tt> -be
sure, but inevitably, change for'the'Tretterim-
der the not wrcongenral pressure of northern
influences. Bat those influences 'trill grow
weaker and weaker as you descend further
South into the semi-tropical portion of this "Re-
public. There it will be far-more difficult to
eradicate or even seriously to;modify the old
spirit of violence, the old impatience of adverse
opinions, th-e old propensity to tise force in
preference to patient reason, andallt-hoSe dis-
orderly tendencies 'which are still so evident
in alarming transgressions. When Wecomplain
of the turbulent state ofsociety there we mis-
take the nature of the case if we ascribe the
whole evil exclusively to the traditions of sla-
very or the usual irregularities of life in thinly
settled countries. These things certainly have
aggravated the evil, but they have not produced
it. They are rather symptom's than causes.
Look over the.globe and study the history and
present condition of nations and you will find
similar things more or less developed in all
hot countries; the people passionate and of
a turbulent disposition and more inclined to
appeal to force than to patient argument, and
averse to orderly acquiescence in deciding con-
flicts of opinion and interest. And thus it will
gradually become painfully evident to us here
that as it was not the existence of slavery alone
which produced our differences before, so it
will not be the traditions of slavery alone that
will foment our difference hereafter. The nat-
ural influences I have been describing will in-
e'vitablyassert themselves.
Let us look at our future. These natural
influences breed chronic distempers, which I
fear will still keep the body-politic "of'this
Republic in uneasy agitation for a l'otig time to
come. They will require judicious and pru-
dent treatment. A wise policy may, indeed,
prevent violent paroxysms; but—and here I
express my sincerest conviction, startling as
the proposition may seem—I doubt whether
we shall ever be able to become completely
masters of the disease. We shall have reason
to congratulate ourselves if we succeed by
prudent management in repressing its most
violent symptoms and in securing to the South
a tolerable state of order without giving to this
Government too dangerous a measure of arbi-
trary power. At this very moment there is "a
rumor abroad that the President ts going to
send a message to the Senate advising further
measures of rereconstruction "with regard to
some of the southern States; and .just while
such problems are staring us in the face, while
they are straining republican government to
the very utmost, and pressing upon us so that
we cannot, escape them, we are asked to add to
the disturbing elemeuts- others far worse s_ti II.
Now, sir. l am, for argument's sake, willing
to grant all the good things that are said
about the people of San Domingo. They'are
described to us as the most peaceful pastoral
race in the world ; a people who, like Paul and
"Virgi'nia, lead an innocent, childlike existence ;
peaceful, harmless, hospitable, honest, confid-
ing, andjustreadyto dro'pintoourarmsas chil-
dren would drop into the arms of their mother.
I say I am willing to grant that for argument's
sake, although the history of those people which
lies open before our eyes—a history of interm-
inable and bloody civil feuds, of murder and
devastation—stands in rather striking contrast
to this poetic description. Still 1 will let the
Senator from Indiana have the full benefit of
"all the magnificent things which he has been
telling us about the people of that island. I
•will not even dilate upon the experience of
Spain; Spain, who was invited also to take
possession of San -Domingo, who attempted
to'tfo sOO, and tlttftilvas Compelled to-give up
tfve attempt-af'Fer 'havmg suffered a -toss 'of
$40,000,000 and fen thousand -soldiers.
There are the Dominican pe"0p!e, such as
they are;'what-W-ill-Joirdo "with them ? It is-said
they are few; that y ou can absorb them; that
you can turn a powerful stream 'of immigra-
tion into that country. Absorb them! -flow?
What kind of immigration is it that tvill:go
into that country? We know the men -faho
first, drift into those places where at-great risk
rapid gains are to be made. It is the adven-
turous, the reckless element of ourpopulation.
They will be the first to go to San Domingo,
to take fraternal -care of the colored people
who, with such a confiding spirit, are inviting
our embrace! They are going to confer upon
them the blessings of free-government and of
that enlightened, humane, and philanthropic
spirit which has beeti so eloquently described
by the Senator from Nevada! Why, gentle-
men, do you know what fate yoti -'prepare for
those poor people? Do you know-that -there
is no race on theface of the-glob'e-more'grasp-
ing than the Arfglo-Saxon, and of that "ra'e'e
no part more unrelentiifg than the adrenta'r-
otfs characters, who most readily rush itito
newly opened, especially tropical, countries'?
Do you not know that no sooner will immi-
gration of that character numerously flow in
there than it will try to crowd out the inhab-
itants, or to press them forcibly into the ser-
vice of their eager appetites? May not a state
of things arise under which the rapid -exterm-
ination of the natives, although cruel in itself,
might be the most lenient fate that could over-
take them?
But let us go further, and examine- the task
which, after the "absorption" of the Dominican
population, will -await us. San Domingo
is Said to have '& population of about one
'hundred -thousand. We 'anrfe'x Hayti, arid
there comes a population'-of from eight -hun-
dred thousand to a million under our control.
They-'do not -want annexation; they do not
invite us; they rather bid fair to insist us,
defending their independence with-the whole
power-they possess. And yet, in spite of such
•reSisraTice,'We must have that country. There
-is the "bloody dance." Nobody will fail to see
it at that stage of the proceedings. But you
do not fear them. Of course you will have to
carry on a war against them; and we take it
-for -granted that you will succeed in subjugat-
ing them, at what cost I will not now inquire.
France and Spain might offer some suggestions
on that head. But you succeed. What then?
You have a subjugated race there under your
feet. That will be the first blessing of your
philanthropic intentions which you are going
to confer upon them 1 What a peaceable pos-
session you, and what a life of peaceable pro-
gress and sweet contentment they will have!
But you go still further. You-annex the rest
of theWest Indies; more and more;'nothun-
-dreds Of thousands,-bat uofr millions of peo-
ple. You cannot exterminate them all; you
must try to incorporate them with our polit-
ical system, xlnd who are they ? People who
have nothing in common with us ; neither lan-
guage, nor habits, nor institutions, nor tradi-
tions, nor opinions, nor ways of thinking;
nay, not even a code of morals—people who
cannot even be reached by our teachings, for
they will not understand or appreciate them ;
all the good lessons we may try to impart to
them will evaporate into nothing under the
hot rays of the tropical sun. How-will you fit
them into our political system? Have you
thought of it.?
It is said that our free institutions exhibit a
wonderful power in blending and assimilating
the most heterogeneous elements of popula-
tion living under their beneficent influence.
So they have. Under the influences of our
northern clime we certainly find such effects
produced. The most stubborn prejudices are
melted, the most inveterate habits are grad-
ually changed; the best faculties resting in
the various races of men congregating hero
are drawn to light and developed, and-finally
those heterogeneous elements are fitted for
the great duties and responsibilities of repub-
lican citizenship. You see, indeed, here 'a
blending of races going on which, as its result,
leaves one united American people; and I
may-say that here, upon our soil, I-am not
afraid of any foreign element that may come
to share our fortunes with us, not even of
the Chinese. What cannot rise to and with
the general level will sink, but it cannot pre-
vent the rising of the rest. Assimilation here,
therefore, is assimilation upward.
But it must not be forgotten that Anglo-
Saxon vigor stands here upon its own congenial
ground; from the very atmosphere its euergies
receive their inspiration, and by the very neces-
sity of thihgs Anglo-Saxon vigor is here the
absorbing element, the assimilating force.
But how is it in the American tropics? The
Anglo-Saxon invading them meets there the
mixed Latin, Indian, and African rfic'Ss ttpon
their own congenial ground. There the;/
receive their characteristic inspirations from
the atmosphere; there they develop their char-
acteristic qualities under the influences of trop-
ical nature; there they are the natural growth
of the soil, and the Anglo-Saxon appearing as
a mSre exOtic plant, iA«y"will not be the assim-
ilating 'force. And what will be ttoe conse-
quence? Inevitably this : that in the course
of time and by the process of assimilation the
Anglo-Saxon will lose more than the Africo-
Indo-Latin mixture will gain. This will be
assimilation indeed, bnt it will-be assimilation
downward. Do you want any proof of tbsSt?
I have already been adverting to the descend-
ants of'those Englishmen who had'settled the
'WBst Indfan colonies. Notv-sgo there '-fend
eicStaine the point of degeneracy they have
reached. To be sure, sdtoe df'fche Wealthy,
who in early 'Childhood were sent to-England
to be educated there,-and who'spent ttoere-'per-
haps the greater part of their lives, may have
preserved the native vigor of their race; but
I refer to the multitude born on West Indian
'soil, arid their children who had continually
inhabited it. Have they not become a race, if
possible, as "miserable as that mixed element
which is acknowledged as the indigenous-one
of the American tropics? You will find that
fact confirmed by every intelligent traveler.
But will you -be able to obtain a large and
valuable quantity of Germanic immigration for
those tropical possessions?
Look at the history of migration from one
part of the globe to another and you will-see
how certain laws operate. It is a well-ascer-
tained fact that the masses migrating from-any
given country show a tendency-to keep always
—not strictly, but nearly—between the :.gajme
isothermal lines. You will noticeth&t theGer-
manic element never goes'en masse in to tropical
regions. To be sure,, individual speculators go
there to amass rapid and large fortunes'in a
very short time, then to go home-again and to
enjoy them. You see also, here and there,
colonies established by speculators, which have
hardly ever been known to prosper. But they
do not go there in 'great-masses to found com-
monwealths upon the" basis of the political id«as
represented by the Germanic race. They are,
and they always will be, strangers—conquerors,
perhaps, but for all that, strangers—upon that
soil. On the other hand, to the so-called Latin
races the tropics seem to be-far-more congenial.
They originally sprungfrorn a warmer soil; ar.d
with them—if I may use that word—miscegena-
tiou with the native children of the tropics is
nothing extraordinary. They seem to blend
without difficulty. Hence the lndo-Africo-
