•638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Gentlemen, therefore, will see that not only
would an attempt to govern the secret service
fund by the action of Congress lead to compli-
cations in our own Government and in refer-
ence to our own officials, but that it would
take away from the President any power to
deal with foreign officials. If he could get no
information, however valuable, which had to
be paid for. without being liable to have the
names attached to the vouchers dragged out
by a resolution in Congress, he would often be
deprived of the means of getting such informa-
tion. Therefore I have resisted any inter-
ference of this kind with the secret-service
fund.
I have no difficulty at all about the question
of San Domingo. 1 utterly refuse and decline
here and now to argue it. It has no business
here. All the charges in reference to that
question will be wet and answered here at the
proper time. But I want gentlemen to con-
sider that when they assail the President of
the United States upon this floor, where he
has no opportunity to "answer, where he can-
not take part in the controversy, and that
without any just cause for it, they do wrong not
only to him but to the country, through its
Chief Magistrate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Mr. Chairman, this dis-
cussion may not perhaps have done very much
good, but ithas satisfied me that the practice of
furnishing the President or any other officer of
our Government with large sums of money, not
to be accounted for to the people of the coun-
try, is against the spirit and genius of our insti-
tutions. This Government of ours is a Gov-
ernment by the people for the people ; and the
people are entitle to know what is done with
the moneys they are compelled to furnish. The
very precedent eitcd by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] ought to satisfy
every member of this House of the impropriety
of placing large sums of money in the hands
of the President to be disposed of in his dis-
cretion without rendering any account thereof.
The way in which that $10,000 lie referred to
was disposed of certainly does not satisfy me,
and ought not to satisfy any just-minded man,
that such a proceeding is proper or ought to bo
followed.
The people are interested in this fund. It
should be disposed of in their interest. Who
can better judge of their interest than they
themselves ? Why should they not know what
becomes of their money? What is there to be
gained in aGoveruineut like ours, where there
ought to be no secrets, by allowing the Presi-
dent of the United States, or any other officer,
to disburse large sums of money without ever
rendering an account? I think that we ought
not only lolimit the mode in which this money
ought to he expended, but that we ought to
have a report from the officer by whom it has
been disbursed. We ought to know whether it
has been properly or improperly used ; whether
it has been used for the purpose of buying ter-
ritory or buying persons—whether they be out-
side or inside the Government of the United
States. We, the people, have the right, and
it is our duty to know what is done. It is due
to the people that they should be informed. It
is contrary to the spirit of our institutions, and
contrary to the theoriesofa Government by the
people, that any officer should have the dis-
bursement of large sums of money without
rendering any account to the people, whose
servant he is.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cos.]
Mr. COX. I only wish to sav one word in
reply to what fell from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] We do stand
upon the old practices of the Government on
this side, more, perhaps, than gentlemen do 011
the other side. But we are w illing at all times
to reform where we can better that practice ;
and the gentleman will see from his own ob-
servation that there has been some progress
made in the way of publicity in public affairs
since the early days of the Republic. His own
illustration, that the Senate used to sit always
in secret session, shows that-since that time
there has been advancement made in the way
of publicity. There has been progress made in
publication generally through newspapers, tel-
egraphs, and all the various other modes for
the distribution of intelligence. In fact there
has been in the past half century a general
advancementof mankind, including the people
of this country, through education. It should
lead to a more liberal policy, as to confidence
in human nature. I would trust the people.
More especially in connection with matters
where there is such a temptation as in diplo-
macy to do things indirectly, would I trust the
people before I would diplomatists.
The very illustration which the gentleman
gives, as to the $10,000 used in the Mexican
matter, shows that there is great liability to cor-
ruption in the use of a secret-service fund. I
am in favor of removing the temptation, be-
cause I am in favor of the most rigid system of
accountability. Without accountability, either
to God or man, there can be no moral, legal,
constitutional, or just government. Account-
ability is at the foundation of all good admin-
istration of affairs. If we could wipe out the
system of allowing a fund to be used without
accountability for its use; if we could make
men responsible for its use, we would make
great progress in the direction of better gov-
ernment. I am opposed, therefore, to all—
" Ways that are dark.
And tricks that are vain;"
and there are a great many of them in the use
of secret funds and the diplomatic business.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know that I have been surprised ; but I have
been not a little amused at the change which
seems to have come over the gentlemen on
the other side of the House sihcetlie discus-
sion last year on the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill. It will be remembered that
I endeavored then to introduce a system of
accountability in relation to the expenditure
of this fund. I did not attempt to limit the
discretion of the President in disposing of this
money; but I offered, upon my own responsi-
bility, an amendment requiring that vouchers
should be filed with %\i& proper accounting
officers of the Treasury for the expenditure of
this fund, but that such vouchers and state-
ments were not to be published unless by the
order of Congress. When that amendment
was under consideration two of the gentlemen
who have spoken in favor of this amendment—■
the gentleman who offered the amendment,
[Mr. Wood,] and the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldrtdge]—-spoke in relation to that
amendment. They were opposed to my amend-
ment then, and 1 ask the Clerk to read from
the Globe what they said upon that occasion.
I desire to have read, first, the passage which
I have marked in the speech of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
The Clerk read as follows :
"Like the gentleman from Kentucky, T contributed
in no respect to the election of the present Presi-
dent of the Unitod States. But, sir. I have a very
profound respect for the office of President. And
when we appropriate a fund to bo distributed by
that oSicer.in his own discretion,in reference toour
foreign relations, or in any other respect, I am quite
wilting to do so without calling him to account as to
the manner in which he may disburse that money.
Therefore, I can only say, that so far asregaids this
amendment of my colleague, f am iigainst it. "We
all know that in ourdiplomatic relations abroad, in
our foreign intercourse, it is necessary lor the Pres-
ident and tho Secretin y of Stato to be provided with
a fund to be expended m such manner and lor such
purposes as may be required by the condition of our
foreign relations, involving, frequently,questions of
the most delicate character. The very tact that this
is a secret-service fund should shield the officer from
any inquisitorial investigation by any comnuttco of
this; House, or any Department of this Government.
Therefore, I heartily concur with my friend from
Kentucky in opposing this amendment; aud I hope
| it will not be adopted.
1 Mr. KELSEY. I now ask the Clerk to
read from the next page what was said by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldbidge.]
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mr. E ldeidge. I did not help to elect the gen -
tleinan who now occupies the office of President
of the United States; but, sir, I have a profound
respect for that high office. Grentlemen propose that
the President shall file vouchers and render an
account of the expenditure of this money. I would
not ask any such thing as is proposed of this high
officer."
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have only to say that
further reflection upon the arguments made
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Iyel-
sey] on that occasion has convinced me that
I may have been mistaken in the views I then
expressed, and which have just been so well
read by the Clerk. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. The House last year seemed
to regard the arguments of my colleague [Mr.
Wood] and of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] with so great favor that I
withdrew my amendment. This bill is now
reported in the form in which the bill of last
year was passed, and I know of no necessity
for now limiting the discretion ®f the Presi-
dent in the expenditure of this fund.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I desire to say that I still hold
the same opinion upon this subject that I then
held.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Alusos.) By
order of the House all debate upon the pend-
ing paragraph is closed.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Wood, to add the following:
Provided, That no portion of this sum shall be
expended in the eifort to annex the republic of
I)ominica.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Wood; and it was not
agreed to,
Mr. POTTER. Before the Clerk proceeds
to read that portion of the bill which relates
to consuls, I desire consent to go back and
move to strike out the following paragraph:
For minister to Uruguay, accredited also to Para-
guay, 811,250.
Mr. KELSEY". I object to going back.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to state my reasons, and then if he
objects I will be content to abide by his objec-
tion. I shall not be long; I never am. I want
to call the attention of members to the fact
that by some contrivance 
Mr. KELSEY. I cannot consent to going
back and debating portions of this bill which
we have already passed. If the gentleman is
heard, of course somebody else must be heard
in reply.
Mr. POTTER. Then I move to strike out
the enacting clause of this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion must be
decided without debate.
Mr. POTTER. Then I withdraw the motion.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, vice con-
suls, commercial agents,and thirteen eonsularcjerKs,
including loss by exchange thereon, namely, $378,663.
Mr. POTTER. X move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the last word,
merely for the purpose of saying in respect
to one matter what I was just now prevented
from saying by the objection of the gentle-
man who lias charge of this bill, [Mr. Kel-
sey.]
During last year, by some contrivance, the
House enacted a salary of $11,250 a year for a
minister to Uruguay, to be accredited also lo
Paraguay. If members of the House will refer
back to the consular and diplomatic appropii-
ation bills for the Fortieth Congress, which I
have herein my hand, they williind an appro-
priation reported for a minister to Peru, who
was also to do duty to the Governments of
Chili and Bolivia, at a salary of $10,000 in all.
Now, if the House will examine the bill now
before it they will find that it provides for
appropriations of $10,000 for a minister to
