1871.
THET CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
Chili, of $10,000 for a minister to Peru, and
of $7,500 for a mihister to Bolivia, in all
$27,500, for what in the bill of the Fortieth
Congress only $10,000 was demanded. Then,
in addition to tfiat extravagance, by the con-
trivance in the bill passed lastsession, thesura
of SI 1,250 was appropriated for a minister to
Uruguay, to be accredited also to Paraguay.
And we are now asked to continue that
appropiiation.
Sir, the tables of population I have here
show that the entire population of Uruguay is
170,800. It is separated from Paraguay (if
since the war there there is anything left of
Paraguay as a State) by a large belt of coun-
try belonging to the Argentine Confederation,
to which we also send a minister, who receives
$7,500. And yet to this little spot on the
pampas of South America, the entire popula-
tion of which is some two hundred thousand
people, and its entire trade with the United
States, according to the last table I find here,
only $642,000 annually, we send a minister, to
whom we pay more salary than to any other
official accredited to South America, or any dip-
lomatic representative to any European nation
except Russia, France, England, and the other
principal Powers.
This is an abuse. It is not economy to send
a minister to Uruguay at all. If the distin-
guished gentleman, lately a representative
from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] who was formerly
a minister to South America, were here, I
should call on him to tell the House what sort
of a country it is, and what the necessity for a
diplomatic representative there at all. Any
man familiar with Uruguay must feel, I think,
that $250 a year would be liberal pay for all
the diplomatic duties really necessary to be
discharged in connection with our intercourse
with Uruguay. Yet we send a special repre-
sentative to this paltry State, and allow him a
larger sum than we pay to our ministers to
several of the principal States of South Amer-
ica; or to Portugal, Sweden, Denmark, or any
of the European States of that rank.- And
this is the economy of the party in power,
which——
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I offered lastyear the amend-
ment of which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Potter] complains ; and I will state why
I did so. To what nations ministers shall be
accredited is a matter for the Executive; not
a matter to be_decided by the House of Rep-
resentatives in considering an appropriation
bill. The Executive had accredited a minister
to Uruguay and had joined to that mission the
mission to Paraguay. This having been done
by the Executive, the law of the land provided
that one half the regular pay of the minister
to Paraguay should be added to that of the
minister to Uruguay. In pursuance of the law
of the land I offered my amendment, with-
out attempting to control the Executive as to
the question whether it was proper or not that
there should be a minister to Uruguay and
also one to Paraguay. There had been for
years previously two separate missions, one to
Uruguay and one to Paraguay. I thought it in
the line of economy to join these two missions.
It was suggested during the debate that there
were in the political condition of Paraguay at
that time some features which rendered it
proper that somebody should be officially ac-
credited to that country, while we were waiting
to see whether there would grow up upon the
ruins of that nation anything like a stable form
of government. It was this that prompted the
action taken last year. If, in the wisdom of
tlie Executive, it should be thought proper to
discontinue the mission to Uruguay and that
to Paraguay, or either of them, it will afford
the Committee on Appropriations great pleas-
ure to curtail the appropriations accordingly.
But we do not undertake to make ourselves the
judges of such a matter; we leave it to the
Executive.
Mr. POTTER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That no money shall be paid to any
commercial agent in connection with the proposed
annexation ot' San Domingo.
Mr. Chairman, when the House, a few min-
utes ago, went into Committee of the Whole on
this bill I was momentarily absent from my
seat, and was therefore deprived of an oppor-
tunity to say a few words in addition to the
remarks which I submitted yesterday upon
this question.
My colleague, [Mr. Kelsey,] who has charge
| of this bill, lias caused to be read from the
| Globe some remarks which I made upon a
| similar proposition last year, in which I said,
' as I repeated yesterday, that I was in favor of
allowing the President a contingent fund of a
limited amount, to be expended at his discre-
tion, for proper and legitimate purposes of
diplomacy abroad. I take back nothing that
I said upon that occasion ; and I have said
nothing either yesterday or to-day that is in-
consistent with it. But I did yesterday make
an error, as did also the two gentlemen from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes and Mr. Butler.,]
with reference to what was declared to be the
"time-honored custom" in favor of this appro-
priation. I have looked at the appropriations
which have been made during the last fifteen
years in the diplomatic and consular appropria-
tion bills, and I find that previous to 1860 no
money was appropriated for any such object as
this; and from that time until the present no
such sum has ever, except last year, been asked
for any such purpose.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being the third Fri-
day of the month, the Speaker, under the order
of the House, takes the Chair, and the House
will now proceed to the consideration of the
business of the District of Columbia.
industrial home foil tiib district.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back a joint
resolution (S. No. 270) for the benefit of the
Industrial Home for Destitute Children of the
District of Columbia, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, au-
thorizes the Quartermaster General to deliver
to the managers of the Industrial Home for
Destitute Children of the District of Columbia
twenty-five iron bedsteads, and not to exceed
twelve wooden benches, now in store in Judi-
ciary square, for the benefit of the inmates of
said home. It also authorizes the Secretary
of the Navy to deliver to said managers, to be
used for the engine in the manufacturing shop
at said home, a steam boiler, now at the navy-
yard unused, being the same boiler which the
late Admiral Dahlgren recommended should
be given to said managers for the benefit of
said home.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed :
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
allowing defendants to testify.
■ Mr. WELKER, from the same committee,
reported back a hill (H. R. No. 2746) to allow
defendants in criminal cases in the Districtof
Columbia to testify in their own behalf, and
for other purposes, with the recommendation
that it do pass, with an amendment.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that in any case before either the police or
criminal court the defendant, if he elect, be
examined as a witness in his own behalf.
The second section provides that nothing in
the act of Congress approved June 17, 1870,
i entitled "An act to establish a police court for
i the District of Columbitf, and for other pur-
poses," shall be construed so as in anywise
to prevent or abridge the right of the defend-
ant in any case before the criminal court of
the District of Columbia to a writ of error to
the supreme court of the District of Columbia.
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
Amend section one by adding the following :
Bat a refusal to so testify shall not prejudice any
defendant on said trial.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WELKEK moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsojt,
one of its clerks, announced that that body
had agreed to the amendments of the House to
thebill (S. No. G10) forthe relief of the Stock-
bridge and Munsee Indians, in the State of
Wisconsin. It further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 349) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle the accounts
of Richard R. Peebles, of Austin county,Texas,
late collector of the port of Galveston, Texas.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 277) for the relief of settlers
on the public lands ; and
A bill (S. No. 1200) to create aportof deliv-
ery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other pur-
poses.
government forthe district of columbia.
Mr. COOK, from the Committed for the
District of Columbia, reported back a bill (S.
No. 544) to provide a government for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with the following substi-
tute.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stales of Americain Conaress ru-
bied, That all that part of the territory of the United
States included within the limits of the District
of Columbia bo, and the same is hereby, created
into a government by the name of the District ot
Columbia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the execu-
tive power and authority in and over said District
of Columbia shall be vested in a Governor, who shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and who shall hold
his office for four years and until his successor shall
be appointed and qualified. The Governor shall be
a citizen of and reside within said District, and
have the qualifications of an elector. He may grant
pardons and respites foroffenses against the laws of
said District, enacted by the Legislative Assembly
thereof: he shall commission all officers who shall
be elected or appointed t(J office under the laws of
the said District, on acted as aforesaid, and shall
take care that the laws he faithfully executed.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted, That every bill
which shall have passed the council and house of
representatives shall, before it becomes a law, be
presented to the Governor of the District of Colum-
bia. If heapproveheshallsignit; butif not he shall
return it, with his objections, to the house in which
it shall have originated, who shall enter the objec-
tions at large on their journal and proceed to recon-
siderit. If after reconsideration two thirds of all the
members appointed or elected to the house shall
agree to pass the bill it shall be sent, together with
the objections, to the other house, by which it shall
likewise be reconsidered: and if approved by two
thirds of all the members appointed or elected to
that house it shall become a law. But in all such
cases the votes of both houses shall be determined
by yeas and nays, and the names of the nelsons
voting for and against the bill shall be entered on
the journal of each house respectively. If any bill
shall not be returned by the Governor within ten
days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been
presented to him. the same shall be a lawm like
manner as if he had signed it. unless the Legislative
Assembly, by their adjournment, prevent its return,
in which case it shall not be a law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be appointed by the President, by and with thead vice
andeonscnt of the Senate, a secretary of said Dis-
trict, who shall reside therein and possess the qualifi-
cation of an elector, and shall hold hvj office for
four ye^irs and until his successor shall beappointed
and qualified, lie shall record and preserve all laws
