1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
which, put in practice by them in the villages
and hamlets which were the scenes of their
honorable but poorly paid labors, have regen-
erated the school systems in many of the States.
Educational conventions may be sneered at
by the university-bred Senator from the State
of California; but let me tell that Senator that 1
the glory of this Republic comes not from the
.university men, but from the publie-scbool
men.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not ashamed to say
that I never had the good fortune to get a uni-
versity education. The circumstances of my
parents did not permit it. Whatever education
I had I received in a New York day school.
Mr. SAWYER. I assumed that the Senator
■was a university-bred man, and I assumed it
from his well-known learning and the exhibi-
tions of it so frequently made on the floor of
the Senate. He furnishes another proof of the
value of our school systems.
He has also referred to t6e question of
Chinese migration. If there is any question
which at present concerns the people of the
State of California it is what they shall do
with the Chinese element there"; and the dis-
cussion of the means of educating them into
the habits of thought and life of the American
people is one which it seems to me a Senator
from California should be the last to suppress.
I might go through the whole table of con-
tents iu this manner and show that the great
body of the book is filled up with valuable
matter. To make it more valuable, it is only
necessary to make an appropriation sufficient
to enable the Commissioner of Education to
digest and arrange it in more compact form,
to place it in a more convenient shape before
the people. There is scarcely a page or a line
in this report which any Senator might not
read with advantage to himself, and get from
it new information about the state of educa-
tion in the country, and draw therefrom hints
as to the great work which is to be done in
the cause.
Complaint has been made by the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] that his State
is not fairly represented in the report. The
state of things in Delaware is not quite as bad
as is here represented ; but I am assured by a
document before me of the entire good faith
of the Commissioner when he inserted in its
place the passage referring to that State. I
have before me a circular from Wilmington,
Delaware, in answer to the question "What is
the present condition of public education in
theStateof Delaware?" This circular is signed
by about forty gentlemen. I do not know any
of them, but they are said by those who do know
them to be gentlemen of the highest respect-
ability. It is from the statements made by these
gentlemen, who live in Delaware, that the Com-
missioner has obtaiued the information he has
placed in this book. I do not know whether
this information is correct or incorrect. I hope,
as I said, it is incorrect; and 1 have no sort of
objection to having that portion stricken out
except the general one'that if you commence
this mutilation at the request of one Senator
you may feel obliged to continue it at the
request of another. I know that the expurga-
tion would be minute and extensive if the sug-
gestions of the Senator from California were
adopted.
So much attention has been drawn to Dela-
ware in the debate upon thi? report that she
has full scope to defend herself from any asper-
sions which may have been cast upon her
institutions.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. SAWYEIt. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I know the Senator has
too much fairness to desire to misrepresent me.
1 said nothing, 1 certainly meant to say noth-
ing in my speecti that could reflect in the
slightest degree upon that meritorious, hard-
working, and ill-paid class of people, the teach-
ers, men and women, of the United States. I
spoke of the sense of printing the proceedings
of their conventions so largely as has been
done in this report. I said of their conven-
tions what is true of all conventions, that a
great deal of the matter was not of such a
nature as to deserve preservation in this report.
Certainly I, who spent many years of my life
before I was twenty-one aiding a school-mas-
ter in his school, should be the last to cast any
reflection upon the schoolmasters and school
mistresses of the United States. No such
thought entered my head.
Mr. SAWYER, i accept the explanation
of the Senator with pleasure.
I shall say but one word more and th'en con-
clude, because the time for taking a vote will
soon arrive. I wish to call attention to the
appropriations for two or three objects as com-
pared with the appropriation for this bureau.
To the Agricultural Department we appropri-
ated last year $196,180. To the objeet of pre-
paring and publishing maps, charts, nauti-
cal books, and other hydrographical inform-
ation under the superintendence of the Navy
Department, we appropriated §20,000. For
I expenses of the Nautical Almanac we appro-
| priated $20,000. For expenses of the Naval
j Observatory we appropriated $19,800. Now,
; Mr. President, when we look at the fact that
; the Agricultural Department has nearly two
| hundred thousand dollars; that in the Navy
I Department alone there is about sixty thou-
; sand dollars appropriated for objects purely
1 scientific, it seems to me that $20,000 is a
small enough sum to give to the object of
collecting statistics on this great subject of
education; and I have no fear that if we
increase that sum to double $26,500 there will
be any danger in so doing of trenching upon
any constitutional rights of 4he States, nor of
arousing among the people any opposition to
our action in support of this bureau.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the very few
j moments that are left to me preclude my doing
; more than barely alluding to a topic- or two
! connected with this bill. The subject imme-
I diately under discussion is the Bureau of Edu-
j cation, for which the House of Re'presenta-
i tives propose to appropriate the paltry sum
: of $20,000. The objects for Which that appro-
1 priation is to be made are embodied m the
S law organizing the department. I will read
j from the first section of that law:
; " That there shall be established, at the city of
! Washington, a department of education, forthepur-
■ pose of collecting such statistics and facts as shall
, show the condition and progress of education in the
| several States and Territories, and of diffusing sucli
' information respecting the organization and man-
1 agement of schools and school systems, and methods
' of teaching, as shall aid the people of the United
I States in the establishment and maintenance of etR-
I eient school'systems, and otherwise promote the
: cause of education throughouttbe country."
j The object as set forth in this law, I should
j suppose, would meetthe approval of any Amer-
; iean citizen, certainly of any one who has any
j considerable regard for the perpetuity of our
I republican institutions. We have had, how-
| ever, at least one very long speech against the
objects of this appropriation. Other Senators
on the other side of the Chamber have spoken
against it; and we have developed (and it is
fortunate, I think, for the country that it is
developed) in this debate at least two planks
of the platform of the party that is opposed
to the Republican party. They are opposed
clearly to the diffusion of common-school
education. They are opposed, at all events, to
this means of perfecting a system of education
throughout the country. They are opposed to
giving light to the freedmen, to those who are
really the wards of the Government, and toajl
who may be reached under this benign system
that was embodied in the law of 1807. We
have also another plank developed in this de-
bate. We have them coming out boldly in
advocacy of the whipping-post. They have
proclaimed that the whipping-post would be
good even for Massachusetts, as it is for some
States that are represented on this floor by the
j other side of politics. This much, at least, has
| been developed in this debate.
Now, Mr. President, a word or two in regard
to this bill. We are nearly through with it.
We are to commence voting upon it in a very
few minutes. It is but proper that I should
say that there is appropriated as a whole in
this bill something less than nineteen million
dollars. The amount, I believe, approximates
very closely $18,750,000. This is the appro-
priation for carrying on all the civil govern-
ment of this great Republic of nearly forty
pillion people. Let me contrast this with what
is to be found under the administration of
our opponents in politics. Let me compare it
with the cost of the government of the city of
New York, which is altogether and eompietply
under the control of that party. The appro-
|l priations for carrying on the government of
I! the city of New York, comprising a population
|j of only about one fortieth of the population of
|l the whole nation, are a great deal larger in
|| amount than the total appropriations for the
ij same objects by the Government of the United
|j States. The cost of the government of that
i| Democratic city is some twenty-three million
|| dollar?^acknowledged, and probably twenty-
h nine millions in fact.
|| ^ I am justified iu making this statement by
j! the course that has been pursued by Senators
j! on the other side. Their policy would lead to
I! extravagance, their policy would lead to all
| sorts ot excesses; whereas if we are allowed
to administer this Government under the prin-
; ciplesjlaid down by the Republican party, chief
11 of which is universal education, we shall see
I; practiced economy in all respects as we see it
practiced in these two governments, in the one
as compared'with the other.
I Mr. President, something was said by my
| colleague last night which was intended to be
a little severe. I did not care at all for the
language used by him; at all events, I did not
lay it up against him in any sense of the word.
I expected this morning to ascertain what he
had said in the Globe, as I did not very dis-
tinctly understand it at the time; but I find
in the Globe of this morning the following:
''Mr. Cassf.rly addressed the Senate on the subject
of the appropriations in the bill for the Bureau of
Education. His remarks will be published here-
after, when his speech shall have been concluded.
Without concluding, he gave, way to
"Mr. Bayard, wiiosaid: I move that the Senate
do now adjourn."
If I had the remarks before me in a correct
form perhaps I should notice some things that
were said by my colleague. I regret that he
has suppressed the little remark that i made
which was the pretext for the remarks that he
made intending to reflect upon me or to be
severe upon me. I might have said some-
thing, too, in regard to his views upon the
subject of education; but lest I should mis-
represent him in my recollection of what he
said I will not attempt to quote his remarks.
Enough, however, was developed to show that
he was opposed to general education ; lie was
opposed to an appropriation for the purpose
of developing the general education of the
country. 1 hope my colleague does not be-
lieve in any monopoly in the matter of educa-
tion ; that it may be confined to a few; that "a
little learning" even " is a dangerous thing."
1 hope that he will yield ,up those doctrines
and come over to the Republican views in
regard to education, and assist us hereafter in
the promulgation of general education, even
though it be done at the paltry expense of
$26,000 a year. .
I know the anxiety that exists on the part
of Senators to have a vote, and I Will yield for
a vote without further remark.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my colleague wishes
I can give him the exact language he used last
evening. I do not wish to renew that discus-
sion, nor did I intend to be severe. I defended
myself from what I considered a marked in-
civility from my colleague, for which I had
given him po sort of justification.
