1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
oft the amendment of the Senator from New
"York to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the salary of the
Congressional Printer is now $4,000.
Mr. CONKLINCJ. If he has $4,000 now
let it fall. I withdraw my amendment to the
.amendment
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment, as amended,
fixing the salaries of these officers at $4,000
per annum.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Carpen-
ter, Chandler. Corbett, Fenton, Harlan, Hill, Howe,
Kellogg. Lewis, McDonald. Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn. Pomcroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer,
Scott. Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, Trumbull, War-
'ne'r, Willey. and Williams—30.
HAYS—Messrs. Ames, foreman, Brownlow, Cas-
serly, Cole. Cockling, Davis, Edmunds, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howell, McCreery,
Patterson, Pratt, Robertson, Sprague, Stockton,
Tbnrmair, Tipton, Vickers, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bluir, Buckingham, Cameron,
Cattell, Cragin, Perry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert.
Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Johnston, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Revels. Saulsbury, Schurz, Stearns,
Sumner, Thayer, and Yates—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to insert in the sec-
tion which was added upon the motion of the
Senatorfrom Michigan, [Mr. Chand'ier,] after
the word "Michigan,'.' the words "and Pitts-
burg, in the State of Pennsylvania." It is that
section which relates to-the transportation of
goods in bond.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to amend the section
wfiich'was added on the motion of the Senalor
from Michigan, extending the privileges of the
port of entry bill in regard ro goods in bond to
Detroit. The Senator from Pennsylvania moves
to insert "Pittsburg, Pennsylvania."
A division was called for.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not suppose this motion
would cause any division whatever. Detroit
was added on the statement of the Senator
from Michigan that it was overlooked, having
over eighty thousand inhabitants. Pittsburg,
which, with its surroundings, has about two
hundred thousand——
Mr. COLE. Is this in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania that by
the order of the Senate debate has terminated
on this bill. If tiie Senator desires to speak,
he must therefore ask unanimous consent of
the Senate.
Mr. SCOT T. I had forgotten the arrange-
ment. 1 do not ask it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being
on a division—aye3 2(5, noes 13.
Mr. WA.RNER. I move to insert Mobile
as one of the cities named. New Orleans
is the only city on our entire coast that is
included.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I will ask unani-
mous consent just for one minute to state the
effect of this.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois asks unanimous consent to make a
statement of one minute. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Theeffectof it issimply
this : it creates a numberof officers at each of
these places ; appraisers are appointed, 'lhe
system has not got into working order and
nothing is yet done under it. I think we had
better not multiply these places.
Mr. WARNER. The officers are all there.
It requires no new officers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak for one quarter of one minute.
The Vi CE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent to speak for
a brief space.
Mr. CONKLING. The time has expired.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I have three seconds
yet. I merely wish to say that if it is right to
put in Pittsburg, it is certainly right to put in
Mobile.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to add Mobile.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to put in Milwaukee.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will you not accept Duluth
also? [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin moves to add Milwaukee. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin to insert Milwaukee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask if it is in order to
move to strike out all these places altogether.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All have been
ordered to be inserted by a vote of the Senate.
Except by including in the motion to strike out
some other matter in addition, contiguous to
it, the Chair thinks it would not be in order
to move to strike out. The bill is now in the
Senate, so that it is not subject to be amended
hereafter. , •
Mr. COLE. Milwaukee was contained in
the law originally. Here is the law, which
includes " Milwaukee, in the State of Wiscon-
sin."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to add Milwaukee will be regarded as with-
drawn, it being already in the law.
Mr. WARNER. I want my amendment to
be understood. It was to include Mobile in
the cities mentioned in section twenty-nine of
the act of last year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was understood.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
  indian appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Indian Appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 2615) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, was resumed as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate'
adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 43, nays 12 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Brownlow, Carpenter, Casserly, Davis,
Edmunds, Fenton, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris. Hill, Howard, Howe, Howell, MeCrecry,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont. Nye. Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice. Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Scott. Spencer, Sprague, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner,
Willey, and Williams—i3.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Flanagan, llauilin, Harlan, Kellogg, Pat-
terson. Sherman, Stewart, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameion. Cat-
tell, Chandler, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston, Lewi-, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Revels,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Stearns. Sumner, Thayer, and
Yates—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
(at two o'clock and fitty-eight minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesday, Februai-y 21, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
action on appropriation bills.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to make a privileged
motion.
The SPEAKER. Before the Chair can
entertain the motion of the gentleman -from
New York, the House must first dispose of the
business coming over from yesterday, being a
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] to suspend the rules in order to
adopt the resolution which will be read.
Mr. DAWES. I modify the resolution
by striking out "to-morrow" and inserting
"to-day."
The resolution, as modified, was read as fol-
lows:
Bemlved, That the rules be so suspended that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the several regular appro-
priation bills, and thatthesame he considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole, and in order
therein as reported by the Committee on Appropria-
tions ; and that on and after two o'clock to-day they
take precedence of all other orders until disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the House will
not adopt this resolution. It may be construed
to preclude the right to raise points of order
on any part of theseappropriation bills, and in
that way may cost us millions of dollars^
Mr. BANKS. I asli the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
whether the passage of this resolution will not
make it impossible, except -by unanimous con-
sent, for the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] to present the business which he ex-
pects to bring before the House this morning?
Mr. DAWES. I present this resoluiion
after conference with the gentleman from New
York, and it is satisfactory to him. The gen-
tleman expects to be through with his business
before we call up any of these appropriation
bills.
Mr. BANKS. My fear was that the lan-
guage of the resolution was so imperative that
the gentleman from New York could not bring
his business before the House without unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a parlia-
*mentary inquiry. It is, whether the effect of
this resolution is that the House shall without
further order go into Committee of the Whole
at two o'clock to-day on the regular appro-
priation bills, or whether it will simply give
those bills precedence?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution should
be adopted (which requires the suspension of
the rules) the Chair will hold that any gentle-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
having charge of a regular appropriation bill
will be entitled to precedence lor its consider-
ation above all other business.
Mr. BANKS. That is what I understood.
Mr. RANDALL. At any time?
The SPEAKER. At any time after two
ji o'clock to-day.
!' Mr. DAWES. Will it not be in the power
;| of any gentleman having charge of an uppro-
j priation bill to yield for the consideration of
other business?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will. The
Chair has stated that the appropriation bills
will only take precedence upon the demand
of gentlemen having charge of them.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to inquire of the
gentlemau from Massachusetts why he does not
provide in the resolution that the order shall
take effect immediately after the morning hour
to-day ?
Mr. DAWES. There has not been a morn-
ing hour for several days, and there may be
none to-day.
Mr. RANDALL. I fear there will be none
to-day, because the friends of the Southern
Pacific railroad bill desire that it shall be
brought up, and I'have reason to believe 
Mr. DAWES. I originally drew the reso-
lution so as to provide that the order should
take effectimmediately after the reading of the
Journal; and if it could have commanded the
vote of the House in that form, I would have
left it so.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us try it in that form.
Let us see whether we cannot do the legitimate
business to the exclusion of these jobs and
schemes.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is manifest that the
