1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
act, shall remain in force until modified or repealed
by the Legislative Assembly of said District or by '1
Congress. . , , ■
Sec. 28. And he xt further enacted. That the Legisla- ,
live Assembly shall have power to provide by law for 1
the election or appointment of such ministerial offi- ;
cers as may be deemed necessary to carry into effect \
the laws of said District, to prescribe their duties, •
their terms of office, and the rate and inanuer of ,,
their compensation.
Sec. 21). And be it further enacted, That the Gov- "
ernor, secretary, and police judge or judges to be
appointed pursuant to this act, shall, before they
act as such, respectively take au oath or affirmation j
before a judge of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, or some justice of the peace in the
limits of said District, duly authorized to administer ;
oaths or affiimationsby the laws now in force tbeicin, ■
or before the Chief Justice or some associate justice
of the Supreme Court of the "United States, to sup- ;
port the Constitution of the United States and faith- ,
fully to discharge the duties of their respective offices. ;
which said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified
by the person before whom the same shall have been ,
taken; and such certificates shall be received and 'j
recorded by the said secretary among the executive J
proceedings: and all civil officers in said District,
before they act as such, shall take a like oath or '
affirmation beforethe said Governor or secretary, or ;
some judge or justice of the peace of the District, \
who may be duly commissioned and- qualified, or :
before the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the 1
United States, which said oath or affirmation shall j
ho certified and transmitted by the person adminis- p
teringthesameto the secretary to be by him recorded
as aforesaid; and afterward the like oath or affirma-
tion shall be taken, certified, and recorded in such
manner and form as may be prescribed bylaw.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted. That the Gov-
ernor shall receive an annual salary of $3,000. and j
the secretary shall receive an annual salary of $2,000, i
and that the said salaries shall be paid quarter- ;
yearly from thedatesof therespective appointments ;
at the Treasury ot the United States; but no payment j
shall be made until said officers shall have entered 1
upon the duties of their respective appointments. ,
The members of the Legislative Assembly shall be :
entitled to receive four dollars each per day during ,
their actual attendance at the sessions thereof, and
an additional allowanceoffourdollarsperday shall ,
be paid to the presiding officer of each house tor cach '
day he shall so preside. And a cliicf clerk, one as-
sistant clerk, one engrossing and one enrolling clerk, :
and a sergeant-at-arms may be chosen for each ;
house; and the chief clerk shall receive tour dollars j
per day and the said other officers three dollars per
day during the session of the Legislative Assembly:
Provided, That there shall be but one session of the ,
Legislative Assembly annnaliy,unless, on an extraor-
dinary occasion, the Governor shall think proper 1
r<> call the Legislative Assembly together. And the ;
Governor and the secretary of the District snail, in ;
the disbursement of all moneys appropriated by |
Congress and intrusted to them, be governed solely j
by the instructions of the Secretary of the Treasury '
ot the United States, andshallsemi-annuallyaccount ,
to the said Secretary for the manner in which the <
aforesaid moneys shall have been expended; and ■
no expenditure shall be made by the said Legisla- ,
tive Assembly of funds appropriated by Congress lor
objects not especially authorized by acts of Congress
making the appropriations, nor beyond the sums
thus appropriated lor such objects. . 1
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, lhat the Legis- ,
lative Assembly of the District of Columbia shall ,
hold iti first session at such time and place in said :
District as the Governor thereof shall appoint and j
aiSso.*32. And be it further enacted. That a Delegate to
the House of Representatives of the United States, .
to serve for the term of two years, who shall_ be a
citizen of the United States and of the District ot ,
Columbia, may be elected by the voters qualified to
elect members of the Legislative Assembly, who shall .
be entitled to the same rights and privileges as are
exercised and enjoyed by the Delegates from the sev- j
eral Territories of the United States to the House ot ;
Representatives; but the Delegate first elected shall ]
hold Ins seat only during the term of the Congress :
to which he shall be elected. The first election |
shall be held at the time and places, and be con-
ducted in such manner as the elections for members ,
of the house of representatives are conducted; anu ,
at all subsequent elections the time and places and ,
the manner of holding the elections shall be Pre- i
scribed by law. The person having tne greatest .
number of legal votes shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to be duly elected, and a certificate thereof
shall be given accordingly; and the Constitution
and nil the laws of the United States which are not
locally inapplicable shall have the same force and ;
effect within the said District of Columbia as else
wJieie within the United States.
Sec. 33. Andbe xt further enacted, That all omccrs to
be appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the faenate,
for the District of Columbia, who, by virtue of the
provisions of any law now existing, or which may be
enacted by Congress, are required to give security
for moneys that muy be intrusted to them for dis-
bursement, shall give such security at such time and
in such manner as the SecretaiT of tne .treasury
SfiC* 34 Andbe it further enacted, Thatfor the pur-
posed the first election to be held under tms act
the Governor and judgesofthesupremocourt of the
District of Columbia shall designate the districts for
members of the council and house of representatives,
appoint a board of registration, and proscribe ait
-Hst Coxa. 3d Skss.—No. 41.
other needful rules and regulations for carrying into
effect the provisions of this act not otherwise herein
provided for.
Skc. 35. And be it further enacted, That there shall
bo a valuation taken in the District of Columbia of
all property, personal and real, including all prop-
erty belonging to the United States, except the pub-
lic buildings, in separate and distinct schedules, at
least once in two years, and return thereof shall be
made by the Governor to the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the Hou«e of Representatives on the
first day of the session of Congress held after such
valuation shall be taken. And if valuations of said
District shall betaken oftenertban oncein two years,
return thereof shall be made to Congress as aforesaid:
Provided, That all valuations of property belonging
to the United States shall be made by such persons
as the Secretary of the Interior shall appoint, and
shall he made upon the basis of valuation that shall
be adopted in making the assessment of the property
of private persons for taxation in said District.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appropriated each yearoutof the Treasury of the
United States the same percentage upon the assessed
value of the property of the United States within
the District of Columbia as other property-holders
therein are taxed on their real and personal prop-
erty; the money thus appropriated by the United
States to be applied exclusive]y.in the manuerspeci-
fied in the acts making such appropriations.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be in the District of Columbia a board of public
works, to consist of the Governor, who shall be pres-
ident of said board; two persons, to be appointed by
the President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, one of whom shall
be a civil engineer, and the other a citizen and res-
ident of the District, having the qualifications of an
elector therein. The other two members of the said
board shall be elected by the qualified voters of the
District of Columbia at the first election after the
passage of this act, and with the citizen, not an offi-
cer of the Army, to be appointed by the President,
shall hold office for the term of four years, unless
sooner removed for misbehavior. The board of pub-
lic works shall have entire control of and make all
ordinances which they shall deem necessary relating
to the streets, avenues, and sewers of the city, and
other works which may be intrusted to their charge
by the Legislative Assembly or Congress, They shall
receive and disburse all moneys appropriated by the
United States, or collected from property-holders,
for the improvement of streets, avenues, and sewers,
and shall levy and collect, in such manner as they
shall prescribe, from the owners of any property
adjoining and to be speedily benefited by the im-
provements authorized by law and made by them, a
reasonable proportion of the cost of the improvement,
not exceeding one third of such cost. They shall
make all necessary regulations respecting the con-
struction of private buildings in theDistrict of Colum-
bia, subject to the supervision of the Legislative
Assembly. On or before the firstMondayinNovem-
ber of each year they shall submit to each branch
of the Legislative Assembly a report of their trans-
actions during the preceding year, and also furnish
duplicates of the same to the Governor, to be by him
laid before the President of the United States for
transmission to the two Houses of Congress; and
shall be paid the sum of §2,oOO each annually.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That the officers
herein provided for, who shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall be paid by the United States by appro-
priations to be made by law as hereinbefore pro-
vided; and all other officers of said District pro-
vided for by this act shall be paid by the District:
Provided, That no salary shall be paid to the Gov-
ernor as a member of the board of public works m
addition to his salary as Governor, nor shall any
officer of the Army appointed upon the board of
public works receive any increase of pay for such
service. ,
Sec.39. Andbe it further enacted, Thatifatany elec-
tion hereafter held in the District of Columbia any
person shall knowingly personate and vote, or
attempt to vote, in the name of any other person,
whether living, dead, or fictitious, or vote more than
once at the same election for any candidate for tne
same office, or vote at a. place where he may not bo
entitled to vote, or vote without having a lawful
right to vote, or do any unlawful act to secure aright
or opportunity to vote for himself or any other per-
son, or by force, threats, menace, or intimidation,
bribery, reward, or offer, or promise thereof, or other-
wise unlawfully prevent any qualified voter ot the
District of Columbia from ireely exercising tne right
of suffrage, or by any such means induco any voter
to refuse to cxercise such right, or compel, or induce
by any such means or otherwise, any officer of any
election in said District to receive a vote from a per-
son not legally qualified or entitled to vote: or inter-
fere in any manner with any officer of said elections
in the discharge of his duties; or by any unlawful
i means induce any oilieer of an election, or officer
i whose duty it is to ascertain, announce, or declare
the result of any such election, or give or make any
1 certificate, document, or evidence in relation thereto,
1 to violate or refuse to comply with his duty, or any
i law regulating the same; or knowingly and willfully
1 receive the vote of any person not entitled to vote.
I or refuse to receive the vote of any peison entitled
! to vote, or aid, counsel, procure, or advise any such
1 voter, person, or officer to do any act hereby made a
! crime, or to omit to do any duty the omission of
i which is hereby made a crime, or attempt to uo so,
i every such person shall be deemed guilty of a crime,
! and shall for such crime be liable to prosecution m
I any court of the United States of competent jurisdic-
tion, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by
a fine not exceeding $500, or by imprisonment for a
term not exceeding'three years, or both, in the dis-
cretion of the court, and shall pay the costs of prose-
cution.
Sec. 40. Andbe it farther enacted, That charters of
the corporations of Washington and the laws creat-
ing the levy court of the District of Columbia may
be modified or repealed by the Legislative Assembly ;
and in ease of the repeal or modification of the char-
ters aforesaid, or cither of thorn, the said Legislative
Assembly shall have power to levy a special tax upon
property within such corporation for the payment of
the debts thereof, and for no other purpose.
When the bill had been in part read,
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the further
reading of the bill for the first time be dis-
pensed with. I understand it will have to be
read again.
The SPEAKER. This is the only reading
which the bill will receive in full, unless the
House shall agree that it be considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ARCHER. Then I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know whether the printed
bill laid on our desks is the one the Clerk is
reading. In many particulars it does not cor-
respond with it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that some portions are interlineated.
On the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] the Chair
suggests this remark: that it is the duty of the
Clerk to read the bill as printed and referred
to the committee. Any alterations by the
committee must be submitted to the House in
the nature of an amendment.
Mr. COOK. This is reported as a sub-
stitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would sug-
gest, however, that to read the bill otherwise
than as printed would lead to great confusion,
because the House must be guided in its knowl-
edge of the bill by the printed bill which is
placed in the hands of members. After the
substitute, as printed, has been read amend-
ments can then be moved by the gentleman in
charge of the bill.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Babcock, one of his secretaries,
informed the House that the President had
this day approved and signed a joint resolution
of the following title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the
restoration of Captain Dominiek Lynch, of
the United States Navy, to the active list from
the reserved list.
government for the district of columbia.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to provide a government for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to yield to me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. COOK. I cannot yield now. I desire
to explain the amendments which are reported
by the committee and to ask the attention of
the House to them.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest that we
consider the bill seriatim, by paragraphs. The
gentleman in charge of the bill can then offer
the amendments reported by the committee as
the paragraphs to which they apply are read,
and an opportunity will be afforded to other
gentlemen to move to amend the bill as they
may see fit.
Mr. COOK. I would prefer that the amend-
ments reported by the committee should first be
considered, and an opportunity can afterward
be given for offering such amendments as gen-
tlemen may desire to submit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cookj
that it would save time to consider the bill by
sections.
Mr, COOK. Very well.
