642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20;
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by
sections for amendment, and read the second
section, as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it /wilier enactedt That the execu-
tive power and authority in and over said District of
Columbia shall be vested in a Govern or, who shall bo
appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and who shall hold his
office for four years and until his successor shall be
appointed and qualified. The Governor shall be a
citizen of and reside within said District, and have
the qaalifications ofan elector. Ilo may grant.par-
dons and respites for offenses against the laws of said
District enacted by the Leaislative Assembly thereof:
he shall commission all officers who shall bo elcctcd
or appointed to office under the laws of the said Dis-
trict, enacted as aforesaid, and shall take care that
the laws be faithfully executed.
Mr. EL A. I offer an amendment !o that
section, as follows:
In lines three and four of section two strike out
the words "appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of tho Senate," and insert 111
lieu thereof the words "elected by tho qualified
voteisof said District;" and in line six of tile same sec-
tion strikeout, "appointed" -md insoit "elected;"
so that tho lirst clause of tho section will re;ul as
follows:
That tho executive power and authority in and
over said District of Columbia shall bo vested m a
Governor, who shall bo elected by tho qualified
voters of said Diutiirt, and who shall hold his office
for four years, and uutil hissuecessor shall be elceted
and qualified.
Mr. COOK. I rise to oppose that amend-
ment; and as I desire to offer some sugges-
tions to the House I may as well make them
here as anywhere.
I have been chairman of the Committee for ■
the District of Columbia fur .two years. We
have had during that lime parts of nine after- j
noons in this House for the purpose of legis-
lating for the District of Columbia. We, the
members of the Committee for the District, of !
Columbia, have come from different sections :
of the United States and entered upon our
duties without understanding the wants of the i
District of Columbia, without knowing the ,
laws existing in the District of Columbia when
we came here, and no mote qualified to legis-
late for the people of this District than gentle- j
men of this District would be to be sent to the
capital of any State in this Union to legislate ;
for all its wants in nine half days in a year.
The result, of this state of things has been j
that to a very large extent legislation lias been j
remitted to the municipal authorities of the >
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and the '
levy court of the District of Columbia. Now, j
I assert, after a careful examination, that the I
people of the District have about the worst !
government there is in the United States. It
has been stated to me in conference with gentle-
men of tho District of Columbia, of various par-
ties that they will defy me to make any change
which will be a change for the worse, and I
think they are correct in taking that view. In
this District there are two elements which enter
into its political constitution to which I ask
the attention of the House. In the first place
there are a vast number of men in the District
who come here for the purpose of a temporary
residence who have no earthly interest in the
District, who intend to remain here only for a
limited time, whose interests are all elsewhere,
who are governed by the sole purpose for which
they came here, that of making money, and
devote their attention with a single eye to that
purpose, who are not identified with the per-
manent residents of the city and not interested
in the prosperity of the District of Columbia.
There is a large element which has been
brought in here by events which have trans-
pired in the history of the country for the last
ten years which I need not specify, who also
have no real interest in the prosperity of the
District. Now, the truth is that there are
reasons why a municipal government for this
District, elected by universal suffrage, should
be a worse government lor the District than
the municipal governments of other cities, if
that be possible. And yet I think I state a
fact which will be verified by every member
of this House when I say that the governments
of our cities are the worst governments that
we have. The government of this District is
now a fair example of what we shall have if
these amendments are adopted. There is a
conservative element in this District which will
give us the power of making a better govern-
ment for the District of Columbia than any of
the cities of the United States have, and that
element is the control of the national Govern-
ment over the District. This is the capital of
the United States. Iu it every citizen of the
;i United States has an interest, and to a certain
[! extent the voice of every citizen should be
i represented here.
Every man in the United States has & per-
| sonal interest in the government of this Dis-
trict, and the theory of this bill is that the
1 proper conservative influence in the govern-
meat of the city may be secured by the ap-
pointment of a portion of that government by
■ the authority of the United States; thus reliev-
, ing it from the practical difficulty which every
' gentleman will acknowledge occurs in most
I of the cities of the United States, and with
peculiar force in this city. For that reason,
: it wc are to constitute a government at all, it
seems to me that there should be a conserva-
II tive influence in it that would represent the
; interest of the United States in the District.
The United States has vast property here, and
while it is the capital of this great nation the
' interests of all the people should be represent-
1 ed iu the government of the District. We
| have legislated exclusively for it heretofore ;
i we have created municipal governments which
it have proved utter failures, and now to embody
i in this bill the principle which is contended
i for, to strike out the conservative element in
!j the government, will leave the matter just
exactly as we find it.
i There are one hundred and thirty-one thou-
i! .sand people in the District. They paid last
,i year $3,000,000 of taxes to the General Gov-
: ernmcnt. The cost of the municipal govern-
! ment in salaries and incidental expenses is
i $179,000 a year, or §1 50 for every man,
'i woman, and child in the District. This is the
:j thing which the committee have endeavored to
! avoid. The proposed government 13 intended
jj to be a simple, harmonious, economical gov-
jj crnment, with a strong conservative element
in it whicli should be the element represent-
;! ing the people of the whole United States. I
j| trust and hope the amendment will not pre-
|l vail. I say to the House that with this amend-
!| ment striking out the conservative element in
i the govern ment I would not give a farthing
[ for any government that you may constitute in
; the District.
j j Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker, without the amend-
j ment which I have proposed you are by this bill
! practically taking from the people of this Dis-
| trictallrightofselfgovernmentwhatever. The
j; argument that you need a territorial govern-
;; ment to legislate upon the affairs of this Dis-
jj trict may be very well, but it cannot be possi-
!. ble that a territorial government elected by the
people residing here cannot perform the duty
just as well as one appointed by somebody else.
The fact is that the bill as it stands takes away
from the people of this District all right in the
government of the District, because it provides,
first, that the Governor and secretary shall be
appointed by the President, and then the elec-
tion or appointment of the council which is to
have full control over all legislation is not pro-
vided for anywhere. They have endeavored
to smuggle into this bill, in "ways that are
dark" and by "tricks" that I think will be
"vain," an attempt to deprive the people of
this District of all control whatever over the
legislative power of the District. The electors
of the District are permitted—to do what? To
choose the lower branch of the Legislature, who
cannot do anything without the consent of the
council above them, which is to be appointed,
and then subject to a veto from the Governor
above them; and it requires two thirds of both
branches in order to pass anything over that
veto.
Unless you mean to strike at the very found-
ation principle of free government it becomes
the members of this House to strike down this
attempt to concentrate still further the appoint-
ment of officers in the centralized power of
the Government. We have gone far enough
in that direction, and it is not safe to travel
any further. I stand here to defend the peo-
ple and government of this District against
the charges that have been brought against
them by the chairman of the Committee for
the District of Columbia. I have traveled this
District, and every part of it, at all times, and
I do not believe there is a body of men of
equal numbers in any city upon this conti-
nent who are so well behaved, and where life
and property are more secure, than in this
District of Columbia.
It is certainly an allegation against the peo-
ple of this District that is not warranted by the
facts in the case. The gentleman says he wants
somebody who is interested in the city to gov-
ern it. Wliy, sir, the property-holders of this
District rallied last May, as you all here recol-
lect, and carried the election in this District
in the interest of the property-holders of the
District. And has it come to this, that when
property and respectability take control of the
municipal affairs of this District we are to be
told that safety to person and property is gone;
that there is nothing decent to be enacted in
this District; that you are oppressed beyond
all former precedent? These men who are
placed in charge of affairs here are the very
men who have most interest in the proper
control of affairs.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill (H. R. No.
849) to authorize the sale of certain lands
reserved for the use of the Menomonee tribe
of Indians in the State of Wisconsin; that a
conference was requested upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the bill,
and that Mr. Harlan, Mr. Howe, and Mr.
Davis had been appointed the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
GOVERNMENT FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill for the Territory of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WOOD. Tho people of the United
States, unlike the people of any other coun-
try, have three kinds of government. They
have a national Government, they have State
governments, and then they have municipal
or local governments. And of all these vari-
ous governments that which comes home
nearest to the people, that which affects their
interests, their persons, and their property to
the greatest extent, is the municipal or local
government. That they see and feel and
endure all the while.
The operation of the laws of the General
Government are indirect and not directly per-
sonal to the incumbent of an office or to the
citizen. And so it may be said of the State
governments. But a local government, the
government that controls your streets, that
regulates your police, that has to do with your
domiciles, that protects your persons and your
property, day and night, all the while, is a
pregnant, ever-living, palpable fact. There-
fore, I repeat, that the local government is to
the people of the United States of far greater
direct interest than any other form of govern-
ment.
Now, so far as this District is concerned, it
is not like any State, city, or any other por-
tion of the Union. It is unlike a territorial
government; it is unlike any other govern-
ment; it is isolated; it is a district set aside
by the Constitution and placed directly under
the control of Congress. It is no portion of
any State; and I may almost say that for
