1468
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
is actuated by hostility to tlie Southern Pacific
railroad, and we may as weii understand that
when we are voting on this matter.
Mr. RANDALL. I call attention to the fact
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has found it necessary to frame the
resolution in such a shape as to yield to these
schemes.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
81, noes 43.
Mr. DA WES. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts why he does not provide im-
peratively that the appropriation bill shall take
precedence of all other business.' ,
Mr. DAWES. I would be very glad to
modify the resolution in that way; but we
would not be able to carry it in the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Try it.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I will move an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not amendable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays, they were ordered.
The question was takep: and there were—
yeas 127, nays 49, not voting 64: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ames, Arm-
strong, AtwooJ, Axtell.Ayer. Banks, Barnum, Barry,
BeauiaD, Beek. Bennett, Blair, Booker, Bowen,
(ieorge 41. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Butfinton, Bur-
den, Benjamin P. Butler. Roderick K. Butler, Cal-
kin, Cessna. Cnurcaiif. William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Auiasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger. Conner, Cuok, Cowles, Culloin. l).iires.Degener,
jjickinaon.Donley, Dox, Duke, Duval, Ela, Ferriss,
Fisher. Fiieb, Gib-on, llaldeiaau. Hale, liawley,
llav. Hays. Heflm. Hoar. Alexander H. Jones,
i'bomas L. Jones. Jadd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey.
Kerr, Kuapp, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Long, LyncBI
May ham, McCarthy. ileCrary. MeGrew, Mckenzie.
Jlercur, Jesse H. Moore. William Moore, Morgan,
Mnrphis, Morrissey, ilangen, Myers, Nswsbam,
Kiblack, O'Nei.l. Urtb, P.icsard, Halbert E. Paine,
William W. Paine, Peek. Peters. Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Pouieroy, Porter, Prosser. Rogers, Sargent,
Sawyer, ^chumaker, Scoiield, Sherrod, John A.
Smith, Josepn 6. bmitb, Wort'mngton C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stouguton, Strickland,
Strong. Svpber,Tanner, Xownsend, Xrimbie,Tv>ich
ell, l'yiier. Van Horn, Cadwala<ler C. Washburn,
William B. Wasbburn, Welker, WeiK Wheeler,
Whhmore, Willard, John T. Wilson. Witeher, and
■Wolf—Iti. .
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Beatty, Benja-
min, Bird, Burebard, Burr, Cox, Crebs, Darrall,
Ityer. Farnsworth, Fmkeinourg, Ueiz, Haigbi, Ham-
ill, Harris, Hawkins. Molman. Ilotclikios, Jenekes,
Julian, Marsoall, Mayoarj, MeCormick, SlcKee,
MeXeeb. Elukimli. Mo-jrc, Morey, .Daniel J. Mor-
rell. Palmer. Perce, Randall, Reeves, Roots, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith, Stiles, Stokes,
Strader. Tillinan, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van
■\Vyck, Wilkinson, Wiiliamo, Eugene M. Wilson, and
"Wood—49. _
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Bailey,
Benton, Be'bune, Biggs, Bingham, Boies, Boyd,
Jauies Brooks, Cake, Cleveland, Corker, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon. X.ithan F. Uixon, Dockery, Eldridge,
Ferry Fox, Uarfield.-Uiltill.in. Griswold, Hamble-
ton, Hamilton, Hill, iloge, iloimer, Hooper, lnger-
foil. Johnson. Ketcbaw, ixuott, Laflin, .Logan,
Loughridge, Manning, .Miiiiea, Samuel P. JVlorrill,
Negiey, Packer, Potter, Price, Rainey, Rice, ban-
iord, Porter Shelaon, Snoher, Jiiocum, Stevens,
Stone, Swann, Sweeney, 'Ealie, Taylor, upson,
Voorhees, Wallace, "Ward, Whiteiey, \V inaas, Win-
chester, Woodward, and \oung—64.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the Speaker announced that the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. HOLilAX. I rise to a parliamentary
Question, whether the adoption of the resolu-
tion affects the questions of order reserved ou
the appropriation bills now pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs the atten-
tion of the House. During the roll-call sev-
eral gentlemen inquired of the Chair as to the
effect of the resolution in disposing of points
of order reserved by members on the several
appropriation bills committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He replied that it did not dispose of them, and
that they would stilt remain pending in the
House. He was informed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who o'&ered
the resolution, that it was his intention, and
the resolution was drafted to effect that object.
The Chair will read the resolution, instead
of having the Clerk read it, to show that the
resolution does not bear the construction the
gentleman intended:
That the rules be so suspended that the Commit-
tee of the Whole be discharged from the further
consideration of the several regular appropriation
bills, and that the same be considered in the House
as in Committee of the Whole, and in order therein
as reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
The Chair thought that it meant " be consid-
ered as in the order reported and committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.5' and that that general language
was not specific enough to intimate to the
House that all points of order reserved were
to be considered as canceled.
Mr. DAWES. I supposed, as I explained
it publicly to the gentleman from Missouri last
night, that the House so understood it; but if
there is any error about that I will, of course,
when the question comes up, take the sense |
of the House on it. i
The SPEAKER. As the rules are suspend- |
able from this time forward to the end of the j
session, there is no need of a general suspen- ;
sion. The Chair will rule that under the resolu-
tion just adopted all points of order reserved
on the several appropriation bills still obtain.
Mr. RANDALL. If there is to be an appeal
from that decision let us have it now.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road to report back, with amendment, the bill
(S. No. 687) to incorporate the Texas Pacific
Railroad Company, and to aid in the construc-
tion of its road, and for other purposes, and
to move that it be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The committee are author-
ized to report at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask of the Chair
whether the question of consideration cannot
be raised at this time?
The SPEAKER. It can.'
Mr. HOLMAN. After calling for reading
of the bill?
The SPEAKER. Yes, but notafter debate.
Mr. RANDALL. The question of consid-
eration does not cut gff the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It dofs not, and the
| Clerk i3 about to proceed with the reading of
i the bill.
I .Mr. RANDALL. Is the substitute to be
i read?
; The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York reports the bill back with a substitute.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the original bill.
Mr. HOLMAN, We want both the Senate
bill and the substitute read.
loose pages.
Mr. ARCHER, Mr. Speaker, I move by
unanimous consent that the pages be excused
from du'y to-day. It has been done in the Sen-
ate, and i hope will be done in the House. I
offer a resolution for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the pages of the Hou^o bo excused
from attendance on the House for this day.
Mr. COX. I should like to include the
reporters.
Mr. WOOD. And I should like to include
the members.
The SPEAKER. The Chairhearsno objec-
tion, and the resolution of the gentleman from
Maryland is adopted.
southern pacific railroalt.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from New York to report a substi-
tute for the Senate bill.
Mr. WHEELER. An amendment in the
nature of a substitute, a portion of the Senate
bill being preserved.
The SPEAKER. Then it is not a substitute.
The Senate bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] projioses, on behalf of
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, the fol-
lowing amendment, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows;
Strike out all of the Senate bill except the follow-
ing:
lie it enacted bjj the Senate nnd House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of America xn Congress astern'
h(edt That John C. Fremont. Jame3 L. Alcorn, G. M.
Dodge, 0. C. French, John I). Caldwell, J. J, Noah,
A. C". Osborne, Timothy Hurley, C. C. Pool, Silas N.
Martin, John M. Corse, George E. Wentworth, Philip
H. Morgan, J. 1>. Cameron, Marshal 0. Roberts.
James L. Hodges, John Ray, W. Yermilye, Enoch
L. Faucher. Charles F. Liverinore, Joseph fl. Ogles-
by, John Wbytock, Daniel Drew, F. S. Davis, W.
Orton, A. C. Babcock, Thomas A. Scott, Samuel D.
Hoffman, H. Ramsdalc, William il. Jackson, R. C.
Parsons, DeiosW.Emmons,M. A. Southworth, John
H. Hall, G. C. Kinzey, W. P Ciark, James Dart. if.
Jacobs L. T. Smith, W. P. Dole, C. A. Weed. A. P.
K. Safford, II. McCullough, Charles Jackson,Eiisha
Dyer, Alfred Amhony. JntncsHoyJiL W.Benjamin,
H. D. Cooke, Joseph R. West, W. S. Huntington, J.
M. Tebbetts C. C. Leondridge. D. D. Porter, M.Wood-
hull, Hiram Price, M. C. Hunter, W. T. Walters, J.
B. Brownlow, T. A. Morris Owen Tuller, J. H. Iod-
ise, R. M. Bishop, Samuel Craighead,D.N. Stanton,
Augustus H. Whiting, G. L. Johnston. J. W. Good-
jand, Powell Clayton, Samuel Tate, W. Bolton, H.
Robinson, George Maney, 0. H. By nam, M. Burns,
J. C. Goodloe, E.G.Barney,Cyrus Busey, J. W.For-
ney, J.Lockwood.E. M.Davis, N.Patton,W. Fiane-
gan, G. O'Bi-ien, G. P. Buel, G. H. Gidding, J. J.
JHewell, B.W. Rice, R. M. Shoemaker, Samuel Sloan,
S. W. Morton, J. B. Bowman, L. M. Flournoy, J. J.
Hinds, G. R. Weeks, J. T. LudliDg, B. C. Gilbert,B.
D. Williams, Thomas Oicott, G. A. Fosdick, Horry
Hays, P. S. Forbes, John S. Sprague, L. R. Marsh,
A. W. Beckwith, J. C. Stdtoton, Cyrus H. Baldwin,
A. J. Hamilton, Rush R. Sloan, Silas C. Colgrove,
Samuel D. Jooes N. Decker, William N. Leet,
B. J. Allen, J. B. Chanes, Augustus Kountze. Jobn
N. Goodwin, William S Rosecrans, Michael Hahn,
H. C. Warmouth, J. S. Williams, G. M. Spencer, L.
J. Higby, W. C. Kimball, and all such persons as
shail or may be .associated with them, and their suc-
cessors, aro hereby created a body politic and cor-
porate in fact and m law by the name.
And insert in lieu thereof the following :
St> 1c, and title of the South Pacific Railway Com-
pany, and by that name sliall have perpetual suc-
cession, and shall bo able to sue and be sued, plead
and be impleaded, defend and be defended, in all
courts of Jaw and equity within the United States,
and may make and use a common seal: and the said
corporation is hereby authorized and empowered
to lay out, locate, construct, furnish, maintain, and
enjoy a continuous railroad and telegraph line, with
the appurtenances, from a point on the eastern
boundary of the Suite of Texas, at or n^ar Marsnall,
to ship's cbauuel in the bay of San Diego, in the
State of California, pursumgin the location there-
of, as near as may be, the route known as the thirty-
second parallel of north latitude, and is hereby
vested with all the powers, privileges, and immuni-
ties necessary to carry into effect the purposes of
this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the persons
named m the first section ol this act shall consiitute
a board of commissioners,(twenty of whom shail con-
stitute a quorum for the transactions of business J to
be known as ttie South Paciiic railway commission-
ers, who^shall meet io the city of New York, witbin
ninety clays after the passage ot this act, at a time
to be designated in a notice to be signed by the per-
son first named in the list of corporators, and six of
his associates, and to be published lor tw-> weeks in
at least one daily newspaper m New York, New
Orlean?, and Washington; and. when so met, thty
may cause books to be opened for the subscription
ot' the capital stock of said company, and when
twenty thousand shares, amounting to S2,GUt>.0()0
shail have been subscribed, and ten per cent,
actually paid thereon, then it shall be lawful lor
such subscribers or stockholders, or a majority
thereof, to organize said company in accordance
with the provisions of this act. and to elect not less
than seven nor more than seventeen directors, a
majority ot whom shall bo necessary to the transac-
tion of business, and who snail hold their offices lor
one year and until their successors shall be elected
and qualified; and the said directors shall imme-
diately proceed to elect a president, vice president,
j secretary, and treasurer; the president and vice
1 president shail be directors. At all elections tor
directors each share-of stock shaH be entitled to
one vote, which may be given by the holder in per-
son, or by proxy, who shall also be a shareholder.
The directors shall hold their offices for any term
not exceeding three years as may be provided in
the by-laws; and the annualmeetingsofstockhold-
ers shall take place ns provided for in said by-laws.
Sec. 3. And be xt further enacted, That the capital
stock of the South Pacific Railway Company shall
be fixed by the board of directors, at a sum not ex-
ceeding SoO.OOO.OOO, in shares of 8100; and when the
amount is so fixed, it shall never beincreased except
by consent of Congress. Assessments upon said stock
shall only be made by a majority vote of the whole
number of directors at a regular meeting, which said
assessments shall bepaid at the expiration of thirty
days alter a nor. ce given in one newspaper in each
of the cites of Washiugton, Philadelphia, New York,
and New Orleans.
And be it further enacted, That the said
South Pacific Railway Company shall have power
