34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
Senate.
Ohio Soldiers' Home—Mr. Carpenter.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
the American people were permitted to indulge
ir  the exuberant dreams of youth, laughing
away all-suggestions of danger and delighting
in those eagle flights of fancy, which showed to
them nothing but continents and seas to be con-
quered, a world to be ruled, an infinite, incom-
prehensible destiny to be fulfilled. The Amer-
ican people have by this time outgrown their
boyhood. The American people have come
of age; and it is time for them, after having
met with great disappointments and passed
through tremendous dangers and trials, to con-
sider calmly what their true and peculiar forces
are, to what tasks those forces are best suited,
upon what ground they can be made most
valuable, in what direction we can employ
them most advantageously to ourselves and
to mankind, and in what way the American
Republic can achieve the most useful, and
therefore the most glorious position in the his-
tory of the human race. Our power has grown
great, and with it our responsibilities. We
should consider them well, and settle down
upon a rational.plan of life. It rests with our
decision to achieve the greatest success or the
most lamentable failure in history ; for never
were opportunities more magnificent. The
Republic stands at the present moment like
Hercules at the parting of the ways; one
running southward, pointing to a repetition
of the Roman empire, with all itsmagnitude.
its power, its splendor, its riches, its demoral-
ization, its civil commotions, its military gov-
ernment, and its inevitable decay; the other
pointing northward, toward the ^reat repub-
lican power of the future, growing upon its
own congenial soil, destined to become a last-
ing and beneficent example to all mankind.
And, sir, the awful responsibility is laid upon
the Congress of the United States to decide
between the two!
And in the face of these tremendous prob-
lems we are asked to send an excursion party
down to San Domingo, in order, after a little
jaunt of three or four weeks, to give us the
light of their experience, and to do it quickly,
right quickly, so that before the expiration of
this Congress we can in a hurry dispose of this
portentous subject. That is what we are urged
to do. I address myself to your sober judg-
ment, and ask you, is not that trifling with the
great interests of the American people?
There have been some words spoken of "fac-
tious opposition." Sir, I certainly am not con-
scious of any such intention. I have given the
reasons why I oppose this scheme, and every
candid man within the hearing of my voice
will admit that those reasons are far from being
" factious."
Ah. sir, Ithink itwouldbe much better for the
President and for us; it would perhaps better
comport with the dignity of this great Govern-
ment, if we dealt fairly and honestly with the
President. If we are resolved to reject the
fatal policy which is proposed to us—and I
trust we are—let us not equivocate about it.
Let us not, by ambiguous actioD, lead the
President to indulge in false hopes. Let us put
an end to this agony, and drop here the scheme
which already has worked so much mischief.
We are told that we oppose the annexation
of San Domingo because we are opponents
of the Administration. No, sir; not for any
such reason as that. Those who say so must
be accustomed to measure by a small standard
the motives of serious and patriotic men.
What I am opposing is a measure which I
consider dangerous to the best interests of the
Republic to which I have sworn allegiance,
of the country of which I am proud to be a
citizen, of the American people, to whom I
owe my first duty.
And now, sir, if the President were my own
brother, and if all my private and political
interests were wrapped up in the success of
this single scheme, and if the words I have
spoken to-day were to send me forever back
into obscurity, yet to the last moment of my
public life I would never cease to entreat the
Senate and to conjure the American people,
by the love which they bear to their country,
by the inheritance of peace and good govern-
ment which they desire to leave to their chil-
dren, by the hopes of liberty loving mankind
which are centered upon this Republic: do not
touch a scheme like this; do not trifle with
that which may poison the future of this great
nation ; beware of the tropics.
Ohio Soldiers' Home.
REMARKS OF HON. M. H. CARPENTER,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate oi? the United States,
January 16 and 17, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 2-114) ceding certain jurisdiction to the
State of Ohio—
Mr. CARPENTER said:
Mr. President : I will not yield the palm to
any man in an endeavor to promote the com-
foit of our disabled soldiers, or secure to them
the exercise and enjoyment of all their rights
and privileges. But, sir, it is always dangerous
to attempt to evade the judgment of a court
by legislation. This bill is brought here in
consequence of a decision of the supreme
court of Ohio, composed entirely of our polit-
ical friends, five Republican judges, and it is
intended to evade the effect of their decision.
This bill provides—
" That all the title, right, and interest of the Uni-
ted States in and to the property purchased for the
location of the National Asylum tor Disabled Vol-
unteer Soldiers, under and by virtue of the act of
Congress of March 3. I860, entitled "An act to incor-
porate a national military and naval asylum for
the relief of the totally disabled officers and men of
the volunteer forces of the United States," and the
act of March 21,186G, amendatory thereto, and upon
which said asylum is located, is hereby ceded to the
State of Ohio, and relinquished by the Dnited States.
And the United States shall claim or exercise no
jurisdiction over said place after the passage of this
act: Provided. That nothing contained in this act
shall be construed to impair the powers and rights
heretofore conferred upon the board of managers
of the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers, incorporated under said act, in and over
said territory."
Now, in the first place, what is the right,
title and interest of the United States which
this bill proposes to grant to the State of Ohio ?
By the act of Congress a corporation is cre-
ated for the purpose of administering a great
national charity. The funds by which this
property was purchased were appropriated by
act of Congress from thfe national Treasury,
and the title is taken, as I understand it, by
direction of the act, in the name of the cor-
poration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my friend
that it is in some respects like the Soldiers'
Home in this District. The penalties and for-
feitures paid by soldiers are set apart for this
purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. Set apart by act of
Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well. As Con-
gress cannot set apart the funds of anybody
except the United States, it follows that money
has been appropriated from the Treasury of
the United States for the purchase of this
property ; and the title is taken in the name
of the corporation created by act of Congress
for that purpose. Now what is the right, title,
and interest of the United States in this prop-
erty ? The mere fee is held by the corporation,
but the United States really own the property.
Mr. BAYARD. With the Senator's per-
mission, I will remark that'the corporators
hold their office as such ex officio, being offi-
cers of the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. Pi-ecisely ; and that
further illustrates the character of this cor-
poration. It is the mere instrument or agent
by which the Government holds this land and
devotes its use to a particular object.
Mr. THURMAN. With the Senator's per-
mission, I desire to correct him in a matter
of fact. The case is even stronger than he
supposes. The act does not direct that the
title shall be taken to the national asylum at
all, and really these people in performing their
duties ought to have taken it to the United
States.
Mr. CARPENTER. If that be so, it does
strengthen the case, or rather it makes the true
state of the case more manifest; but whether
such be the fact or not, the case is strong
enough, for I take it that no lawyer can doubt,
upon the facts as I supposed them to exist, this
property is subject to the control of Congress.
Congress might, to day, repeal that act of in-
corporation, and either resume this property,
or hereafter administer through another cor-
poration or such other agency as might be
determined. These corporators have no
pecuniary interest in the property. They are
agents of the Government to hold the title
and apply its use. It is well settled that the
Government may create a corporation and
employ it for the purpose of exercising the
functions of government. It was upon this
ground that the constitutionality of the United
States Bank was sustained by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Our State courts hold, and no doubt such is
the law, that land taken by the State for the
use of a railroad, though the title is held by
the corporation, yet the corporation is but the
agent of the Government. This principle is
we'll stated by the supreme court of Wiscon-
sin in Pratt vs. Brown, (3 Wis. 612,) where,
personifying the State and representing it as
speaking to the corporation, it says:
"We have not the power to authorize you to take
the properly of your neighbor and convert it to your
own use, even though you pay him what our tiibu-
nals may deem a reasonable compensation ; but wo
have the right to take it for the public use, 01- pro-
viding: forcompensation. Wewill therefore call the
use of it the public use, through you as our agent,
and you may seize and use it in behalf of the pub-
lic." * * * * "Here is no delegation of
the right of eminent domain, for it cannot be dele-
gated to private persons for private purposes. But
the whole theory is that the Government takesthe
land and holds it for public use: for if the taking,
the holding, and the use be onee admitted to be pri-
vate the whole fabric of justification crumbles. It
is the continuous exercise of the sovereign power,
condemning and .appropriating the private property
of the individual to the public use. The mill-owner
is the mere medium through whom the Government
nets. His acts in the premises are the acts of the
Government," &c.
Whether the land be condemned under the
power of eminent domain, for the public use,
through the instrumentality of a corporation,
or be purchased with public money for the
same purpose, can make no difference. And
this property must be deemed to be held by
the Government of the United States in the
name of this corporation. And the Govern-
ment could to-day annihilate the corporation
and. resume actual control of the property it
has appropriated the money to buy.
Now, this bill proposes to substitute the State
of Ohio for the United States in the owner-
ship, and consequently in the control of this
property. Are we ready to do that ? Are we
sure even the soldiers would desire us to do
this ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Before my friend goes
from that point I wish to ask him, not only as
a lawyer but as a man, this question: the
State of Ohio ceded the jurisdiction over this
land to the United States upon two conditions,
without which 110 living man in Ohio would
have proposed the cession, without which it
never would have been made. I ask whether
the United States can enforce this cession
against the State of Ohio and yet refuse or
prevent compliance with the conditions?
