1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
municipal purposes it is hardly a portion of
the United States. For the last fifty years we
have had a contradictory, heterogeneous, un-
satisfactory form of government for this city.
We have introduced here the republican theory
of government; whereas, in my judgment, it
was originally designed that Congress should
provide for this District a form of government
such as Congress itself might make.
Now, what has been the result? Property
has not been protected here ; the capital of this
great nation has not been provided like the
capitals of Europe, and like the capitals of the
States, with all those necessaries which make
life agreeable, which make property safe, and
which make personal rights secure and re-
spected.
We have granted to the people a certain
degree of municipal rights, whereas we have
assumed the exercise of exclusive jurisdiction
ourselves. Wo have had in each House of
Congress a Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, which committee, as has been properly
stated by the gentleman in charge of this bill,
[Mr. Cook,] iscomposed of gentlemen brought
here but for a brief period from distant parts
of the United States, who have no municipal
or local interests in the city, who are here but
for a short period, who feel no city or District
pride, and who are not long enough in Con-
gress—certainly not long enough on the Dis-
trict Committee of either House—to acquire
that practical knowledge or information which
would enable them properly to perform the
duties imposed upon them. And under our
rules we allow this committee to report but
once or twice a session, and give them but ati
hour or two at a time to dispose of all the vast
interests pertaining to the people of this Dis-
trict : and it frequently occurs that they are
denied even that short time in which to dis-
cuss and determine the multifarious questions
which necessarily come up on measures of this
kind.
This bill, reported by the Committee for the
District of Columbia, proposes, as I under-
stand, to give a new form of government to
this District; to take away, if you please, irom
the people of the District a large portion of
the prerogatives which they have heretofore
exercised. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ela] takes exception to the prop-
osition that the appointing power.with respect
to certain officers of this local government,
shall be placed in the hands of the President
of the United States. Well, sir, I am very sure
that no one will accuse me of a disposition to
enlarge the patronage and power of the pres-
ent Executive; but in my judgment this power
so placed will be in much safer hands than it
is now. The people of the District of Colum-
bia, who are now permitted, irrespective of any
qualification whatever, to vote for all public
officials who are to look after their rights of
person and property, are of a very different
class from what they were ten years ago. One
of the results of the war has been to send here,
to constitute a preponderating proportion of
the population of this city, a mass of persons
who not only have no interests here, but who
are really disqualified to appreciate and com-
prehend properly the interests of others. I,
for one, am quite unwilling to trust the cus-
tody of my property to persons who are so
utterly incapable of protecting even their own.
Therefore I am not opposed to intrusting to the
President the power to appoint the Governor
of this District.
The bill proposes to establish a territorial
government for the District of Columbia. The
President is to appoint for a period of four
years a Governor, whose appointment is to be
confirmed by the Senate. There is to be a
legislative body, consisting of two_ branches,
With limited power to care for certain interests
of the District. One branch is to be elected
by the people of the District. There is to be
a board of public works, which is to have con-
trol and regulation of the streets and avenues.
The effect of these provisions is to give to the i
people of this District what they are really !
entitled to, a government which shall combine j
;; the two essentials of all governments, power 1
lj and responsibility. It is wrong to place re- |
1] spotisibility upon any official if you deny to j
jj him thepower to enforce the laws and execute i
ii his oiScial duty. Hencel have always favored, !
li (it is a doctrine which I have advocated in j
!! the city of New York.) a strong Executive for
!| a turbulent, popular body. In my judgment, i
j; where an Executive acts in pursuance of law, !
ij where he keeps within the bounds of his lawful ;
ji authority, and where the laws are made by a j
body elected by the people, it is one of the j
jj essentials to the proper administration of a j
,1 republican government that there should be i
intrusted to the executive officer such powers
li as may make his administration efficient. So
|j long as the laws are enacted by a body chosen
j: by the people and which reflects the popular
jj will, it is, in my judgment, a necessary part
of republicanism that the Executive should be
intrusted with sufficient power to enforce the
laws.
Mr. ELA. I desire to ask the gentleman
j! from New York [Mr. Wood] whether the
! executive officers have any more power to
.! enforce the law when they are appointed by
j" some official than when they stand with the
;> votes of the people behind them?
ji Mr. WOOD. I answer my friend by say-
![ ing that I would rather trust the Governor who
shall be appointed by the President, the latter
i: being responsible to the people of the whole
• ' United States for the character of the appoint-
;j ment, than have a Governor elected by the vox
li populi which has recently been controlling the
affairs of this District.
Mr. ELA. Why does not the gentleman
|; bring in a proposition that the chief execu-
!: tive officer of the city of New York shall be
jl appointed by the President of the United
\i States ?
>i Mr. WOOD. New York city is a part of
!; the State of New York; the District of Colum-
j! bia belongs to the Government of the United
States. Hence, as my friend must see, there
j! is no analogy between the two cases.
I Mr. COOK. I rise to a point of order. I
, must ask the enforcement of the five-minute
I rule. We cannot get along with this bill un-
; less that be enforced.
( Mr. WOOD. I will add but a single remark.
I am in favor of this bill. While there are por-
tions of it which I would like to see amended,
i while in some respects it, is, in my judgment,
! capable of considerable improvement, while
j some pertions of it are very objectionable to
j me, yet, on the whole, I shall vote for it cheer-
i fully, as calculated to inaugurate a vast im-
j provement upon the present form of govern-
i ment. (
I The SPEAKER. The House having agreed j
| that the bill should be considered by sections, |
j under' the five-minutes rule, the Chair will j
j hereafter limit speeches to five minutes. j
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the amendment j
| offered by the gentleman from NewHampshire
| [Mr. Ela] be reported. !
i The Clerk read as'follows: i
j In lines three and four of section two strike out 1
I the words " appointed by the President, by and with -
j the advice and consent of the Senate," and insert in
j lieu thereof the words "elected by the qualified |
! votersofsaidDistrict;"andinlmesixofthesamesec- j
| tion strike out "appointed" and insert " elected,
I so that the first clause of the section will read as |
i follows:
j That the executive power and authority m and
| oyer said District of Columbia shall be rested in a
Governor, who shall be eiectcd by the qualified
i voters of said District, and who shall hold his office , I
\ for four years, and until his successor shall bo elected 1]
and qualified. jj
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I asl^ the
House to consider that the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] in presenting this
amendment expresses what seems to be a total
misconception both of the bill and the provis-
ions of the Constitution of the United States.
One would suppose from what the gentleman
said to the House that he considered it was
competent for this House to transfer to the
people of the District of Columbia the Control
of all_ powers within its territorial limits, irre-
spective of the controlling power of ihe Gov-
ernment of the United States. He spoke of
the power of self-government in the people.
The power of self-government is a power guar-
antied, undoubtedly, to the people in organized
States. But any such idea as that expressed
by the gentleman from New Hampshire is ex-
cluded by the express text of the Constitution
of the United States, as well as by the express
text of the bill reported by the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
^The provision of the Constitution of the
ITnited States on this subject, which was man-
ifestly ignored in the gentleman's remarks, is
as follows :
_ "TlieCongress shall have power to exercise exclu-
sive legislation in all cases whatsoever over such
District (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by
cession of particular States, and the acceptance of
Congress, become the seat of the Government of the
Lnited States."
And the bill reported by the committee of
the House provides in section seventeen as
follows :
That the legislative power of the District shall ex-
tend to all rightful subjects of legislation within said
District, consistent with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the provisions of this act: but all acts
of the Legislative Assembly shall atall times besub-
jectto repeal or modification by the Congress of the
Bnited States, and nothing herein shall be construed
to deprive Congress of the power of legislation over
said District in as ample manner as if this law had
not been enacted.
Such being the provision of the Constitution
itself, as well as what is incorporated in this
bill, it is beyond the power of this House to
change it, and all the remarks of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire about the power
of self-government in the people of this Dis-
trict must go for nothing. What is proposed
by this bill is simply a method of allowing the
people primarily to express their wishes sub-
ject to the controlling power of Congress, a
power that you can no more exercise over the
people of the several States of this Union than
you can exercise over the people of London.
But for wise purposes, as regards this District,
this power is in the Congress of the United
States by the text of the Constitution, beyond
the power of this House or any authority what-
ever to control or limit it in the remotest de-
gree. The biil provides a simple mode of pe-
tition by the people, and, in the light of the
Constitution, the remal-ks of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] in opposi-
tion to the text of the bill, have absolutely no
force whatever.
I see no reason why the House should not
sustain the recommendation of the committee,
and ailow the President to appoint these Gov-
ernors and to have the general or comprehen-
sive supervising power here described, as to
what he may do in the premises, even to the
extent of the removal of the Governor and of
everybody else who has to do with adminis-
tering the affairs of the District; and why we
should not get rid altogether of this talk about
self-government——■
Mr. ELA. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] a question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKEK. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio has expired.
llr. COOK. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Before the gentleman calls
for the previous question I wish to move an
amendment.
Mr. COOK. I will hear it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I propose to amend by
adfliug to the second section the following
proviso:
Provided, That the term of the Governor first to be
appointed under the provisions of this act shall
expire on the 1st day of April, 1873, or as soon there-
after as his successor shall be appointed and qualified.
Mr. COOK. I decline te admit that amend-
ment. .1 move the previous question.
