36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
Ho. op Keps.
Amnesty—Mr. Conner.
41st Cong 3e Sess.
league that when he turns his face the other
way we on this side of the Chamber cannot
hear one word that he says.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat what my
colleague knows very well, that Ohio never
consented to the establishment of this asylum
in the State of Ohio except by virtue of the
provisions of this act of April 13, 1867, and
that consent was in the nature of a grant of
exclusive jurisdiction to the United States, and
subject to two conditions, which our supreme
court held to be null and void.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all very true;
but it does not matter what is the form of the
consent. That is as good a consent as could
be given to the ownership of the land by the
United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have no desire further
to detain the Senate. These are the views
which I entertain upon the merits of the bill,
and the reasons why I cannot support it.
Amnesty.
SPEECH OF HON. J. C. CONNER,
OF TEXAS,
In the House of Representatives,
December 20, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H.K. No. 2523) for full and general grace, amnesty,
and oblivion of all wrongful acts, doings, or omis-
sions of all persons engaged in the war of the late
rebellion-
Mr. CONNER said:
Mr. Speaker ; I would not have desired to
have mingled in this debate but for what might
be termed the scurrilous fling at mo which was
embodied in the remarks of my colleague, [Mr.
Degeneu.] My record upon this question has
already been made. Immediately after the
termination of the war I declared myself in
favor of general amnesty, and became an earn-
est advocate for general political relief; and
from that time down to the present hour I have
continued to advocate that course, actuated
by what I conceive to be just and equitable
motives. During the course of this debate
much has been said by some of my friends
from the South relative to the outrages which
they allege to have been perpetrated by secret
organizations down there. I have often heard
of these organizations here in Washington, but
I have yet to meet the first man who can say
that he was ever molested by a Kuklux.
And there is one remarkable circumstance
which I have observed as preceding or accom-
panying these howls about Kuklux outrages
and alleged political persecutions in the South.
They always come just before a general elec-
tion in the North or just after a Democratic
triumph in the South. Two years ago, when
Louisiana, upon a full and free vote of her
people, went Democratic, the cry went forth
from this House and spread ail over this broad
land that treason and rebellion ruled the hour,
and that the Democratic victory in that State
was the result of fraud, violence, and intim-
idation. What followed? This House refused
to seat the gentlemen who had been elected,
though they came here with the certificate of
election in due form, under the seal of the
State, from the hand of a Republican Gov-
ernor. A committee was appointed by this
House, who, after visiting Louisiana, returned
with volumes of testimony, or stuff which is
called testimony. The seats of the elected
Democrats are contested, and, looking around
me, I find none of them upon this floor.
At the same time an election was held in
North Carolina, the State declaring in favor
of General Grant,, with a majority of Repub-
licans in hsr delegation to this House. There
was no committee appointed for North Caro-
lina, because she was declared loyal,with peace,
and order prevailing within her limits.
Let the curtain drop. Time passes on and
history is being made. Two years have elapsed,
and another Congress has been elected. Dis-
loyal and lawless Democratic Louisiana of1868,
after a remanipulation of her registration and
election boards, is transformed into loyal and
peaceful Republican Louisiana of 1870, and
all is well with Louisiana. No committee of
this House and no contested elections. But
how stands North Carolina? She is said to be
no longer the loyal and peaceful State of two
years ago, because her Representatives will no
longer swell the Republican majority upon this
floor. The scepter of Radicalism has passed
forever from her borders. The dark, black
cloud of military oppression has melted away,
leaving as a token of its remembrance a debt
which never can and never will be paid. But
is she yet thoroughly reconstructed ? Will there
be no committee of Congress sent to compile
the evidences of her disloyalty and disaffection ?
I am apprehensive ; but we shall see.
I am loth to refer to this sad, melancholy,
and disgraceful portion of my country's rec-
ord. As an American, loving and reveren-
cing the Constitution of my Government,
devoted as I am to its institutions of freedom,
and, in common with all its citizens,, feeling
a just pride in the glory of its historj^, its
tradition, and its greatness, I would willingly
and gladly cast the oblivious veil of forgetful-
ness over these shameful pages of despotic
persecution. But can I do it? No ! no ! I
too will know the means by which the Re-
publican party expects to justify its refusal to
pass a general amnesty bill when talking to
the northern people. I know they hope and
expect to be able, by the aid of reports of law-
lessness and crime, prepared for the occasion,
to perpetuate in the hearts of the northern
people a feeling of hateful suspicion toward
their brethren of the South. But the people,
be they North or South, are neither knaves
nor fools, but, upon the contrary, are honest,
always wishing well for the country, and they
cannot be much longer deceived.
But let us admit, for the sake of argument,
that these statements are true. I will not be
unjust if these gentlemen are, and take to my-
self all the credit for honesty and purity of
motive. I am willing, however, to concede to
my neighbors just what I claim for myself,
honesty of intention. And now I wish to sub-
mit to my Republican friends, and particularly
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] who seems to be honoring me with
his attention, one single common sense propo-
sition. Granting that these Kuklux organiza-
tions do exist, who is responsible? Suppose
that in Massachusetts all of your leading mer-
chants, all of your leading lawyers, all of your
lea-ding manufacturers, all of your ieading pro-
fessional men, were disfranchised or rendered
ineligible to any office, I wish to know how
long it would be before we should hear of some-
thing there in the nature of Kuklux Klans?
Suppose that in that State the Federal Govern-
ment brought in from Texas or Louisiana a
number of people belonging to an itinerant,
moving class of population, black and white,
and thrust them into office, I want to know
how long it would be before the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts would be engaged in
open revolt?
When you go back to the people of Massachu-
setts and read to them the stories of Kuklux
outrages, persecutions, and wrong, tell them, in
the same connection, of the state of society in
the South. Tell them that the intelligence
and wealth of that country, the men who pay
the taxes and bear the burdens of government,
are denied the privileges of citizenship ; that,
in many instances and as a rule, they have
no ballot to represent their interests at either
local, State, or national elections; that they
can neither vote nor be voted for ; that as a
general thing the important offices are in the
hands of worthless and irresponsible men;
that elections are controlled by bayonets, in the
hands of an ignorant and semi-barbarous race.
Tell them these facts, and then ask them if
they do not think if there are no Kuklux Klans
that there ought to be. Oh, if the people of
New England, with all their prejudices, were
correctly informed as to the true eondition of
society throughout the South, they would, for
the sake of their own endangered liberties, if
for no other reason, demand at the hands
of this Congress a general act of amnesty.
Every section of the Union is either an ele-
ment of strength or weakness, for ours is a
Government of the people, and whatever might
be my feelings' toward a particular section I
could not treat it in a spirit of hate or revenge,
lest I should sow the seeds of disaffection, dis-
satisfaction, and discontent., which might in
time lead to my own destruction. Upon the
action of this Congress will depend in a great
measure the affections and the prejudices of
the growing youth of the South. 1 need not
refer to history, I need not call your attention
to the experience of other nations that have
lived and passed away. Look at England ; she
has a Scotland and an Ireland: one an ele-
ment of strength, the other of weakness ; one
loves, the other hates the Government ; one
can always be relied upon in times of national
danger, while the other is always ripe for
revolt. Shall we have a Scotland or an Ire-
land? That, sir, is the question involved in
this discussion.
Sir, I am for general amnesty, because I
wish to engender in the southern heart respect
for this Government. You proscribe the father
and the son imbibes a spirit of hatred against
the power that oppresses the father. Make
the people of all the States an element of
strength rather than of weakness. That should
be, and I imagine is, the true theory of repub-
lican institutions. Aside from that consider-
ation it is in accordance with the principles of
our form of government, which is opposed to
every system of oppression. And I submit if
it is not the very worst species of oppression
when you deny to one citizen rights that are
accorded to another.
You demand of those people taxes which
they willingly pay, but in return you refuse to
give to them the benefits of republican govern-
ment. You deny to the districts throughout
the South the privilege of sending here to this
House representative men. Take the south-
ern delegations now here. They do not rep-
resent the wealth, the intelligence, or the
respectability of the southern people. Theio
are members upon this floor, so far from hav-
ing been sent here by any exhibition of the
popular will that they might just as well have
been designated or appointed by a general
order from the War Department.
But I need not come to this House to find
the evidences of misrepresentation. Take the
Legislatures throughout the South. Lookatthe
debts they have incurred and the States they
have bankrupted. Look at the Legislature of
my own State, the character of which is appar-
ent from the passage of a single bill provid-
ing for the quartering of troops in every single
town and county in Texas, in direct conflict with
the provisions of our State and Federal con-
stitutions and the interests of our common
country. According to the provisions of the act
referred to, the Governor may proclaim martial
law, suspend the habeas corpus, cast men into
prison, and upon his own merg caprice bring
citizens before a military commission and try
them for supposed offenses. And yet if a quiet,
peaceful, law abiding and patriotic citizen pre-
sumes to lift his voice in protestation against
these outrages upon the institutions of the coun-
try, these bold, daring, and reckless usurpa-
