644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was on Mr.
Ela's amendment.
The question being put, there were—ayes
37, noes 86.
Mr. ELA. I ask for the yeas and nays.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays, tliere were—ayes thirteen, not a sufficient
number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, and
the amendment was rejected.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
next section.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to move to strike out
all of the second section after line eight.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
can be entertained. The House has passed
that section.
The Clerk read the next section as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That every bill
which shall have passed the council and house of
representatives shall, before it becomes a law, bo
presented to the Governor of the District of Colum-
bia : if he approve, ho shall sign it, but if not, he
shall return il, with his objections, to the house in
which it shall have originated, who shall enter the
objections at larso on their journal, and proceed to
reconsider it. If, after such reconsideration, two
thirds of all the members appointed or elccted to the
house shall agree to puss the bill, it shall be sent,
together with the objections, to the other house, by
which it shall likewise bo reconsidered, arid, if ap-
proved by two thirds of all the members appointed
or elected to that houso, it shall become a Jaw. But
in all such cases the votes ol both houses shall be
determined by yoas and nays, and the names of the
persons voting lor and against the bill shall be en-
tered on the journal of each house, respectively. If
any bill shall not be retui ned by the Governor within
ton days (Sundays excepted) after it shall hare been
presented to him, the same shall bo a law in hko
manner as if ho hadsigned it,unless tho Legislative
Assembly by their adjournment provent its return,
in which ease it shall not bo a law.
Mr. COOK. I move, in line two of tho sec-
tion, to strike out the word a representatives,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the word "dele-
gates."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move to strike out the entire
section. 1 make that motion for the purpose
of calling the attention of the House at 'this
early period to tho constitutional question in
regard to this whole bill, which 1 was in hopes
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,J the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, would have discussed more
fully. The Constitution of the United States
clothes Congress with this power: "to exer-
cise exclusive legislation, in all cases what-
soever, over such district, not exceeding ten
miles square, as may, by cession of particular
States and the acceptance of Congress, become
the seat of the Government of the United
States." Now this bill undertakes not to
clothe the people of this District with the or-
dinary power to make by-laws, exercised
by municipal corporations under Sfafe legis-
lation 
Mr. WELKER. I would suggest to tho gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that perhaps the
House will better understand the point he seeks
to raise when we have gone through the bill,
and seen what provisions we make in the bill
in relation to the question of transferring legis-
lation. I here are several sections on that
subject.
Mr. IIOAlt.^ I prefer to raise the question
on the first legislative section, the section just
now read.
Now, sir, my point is this: this bill under-
takes to establish'in this District an assembly
with power to make laws—with powers of
legislation. It i3 true that it reserves to Con-
gress the right to disapprove, repeal, or reject
the laws which are made by the legislative
assembly of the District. But unless Congress
disapproves, repeals, or rejects, the acts of the
Legislative Assembly propria vigors, without
any affirmative exercise of the judgment of
Congress, become laws. Under it rights of
propertyare to be established; underitoffenses
are created ; under it men may be sent to the
penitentiary or to the gallows. Now, I claim,
Mr. Speaker, • - ■ -
that this is an essential legis-
lative power, and it is a legislative power
which, under the Constitution of the United
States, is incapable of delegation to anybody.
Could the Legislature of New York enact that
some other body should make a law for the
State of New York which should be a law
until the Legislature of New York had dis-
approved or objected to it? Certainly not,
under tho provisions of the constitution of
that State.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If it will not inter-
rupt the gentleman's argument, I desire to call
his attention to one point.
Mr. HOAR. I will hear the gentleman. I
should be exceedingly glad to have my objec-
tion removed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts where law
begins or end3, and where ordinances and
by-laws? Do we not now authorize the city
council to make laws, and laws which tax the
people, and which are laws to all intents and
purposes?
Mr. HOAIl. Under the usage of the com-
mon law all corporations have power to make
by-laws regulating their own members. They
are not general laws, but merely by-laws, and
breaches of them are punishable, never by
impiisonnient, but only by fine or forfeiture of
the privileges of membership. Now, since the
Ktatj and national constitutions were adopted
that custom, which we inherited from England,
has been recognized ; and it never has been
held, although the question has often been
raised that the limited power to make muni-
cipal by-laws was inconsistent with the State
constitution vesting the legislative power in
the Legislature of the State; because those
by-laws which corporations have been accus-
tomed to make never have been considered
laws. They are made by railroad corpora-
tions, they are made by clubs, they are made
by parishes, they are made by a variety of cor-
porate guilds of trade, traders' guilds, from
which indeed originated most municipal cor-
porations. But a power under which prop-
el ty descends, a power under which estates
are settled, a power under which crimes are
punished, capitally or by imprisonment, is the
power of law; and when Congress is clothed
with the exercise of the exclusive power of
legislation it is impossible, as it seems to me,
that we should say that any other body may
make those laws.
Mi. EARNSWORTH. I understand that
the city authorities of Washington may now
imprison for crimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. HOA.lt. Imprison for non-payment of
fines; that is all.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. Well, they imprison
for non-payment of fines.
Mr. HOAR. They do not do it; it is done
in pursuance of a law of Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD. I had supposed, Mr.
Speaker, that the term "exclusive jurisdic-
tionin tho Constitution of tho United States,
to which reference has been made in this dis-
cussion, meant jurisdiction exclusive of the
States._ The Constitution contemplated a ces-
sion of certain territory by tho States to the.
Federal Government, not only for the seat
of government, but for forts, arsenals, dock-
yards, and the like; and it provides that the
power of Congress to legislate for the territory
so ceded shall be exclusive. That means
exclusive of the States ceding the territory.
Whether for the one purpose or the other,
the States weie 110 longer to exercise the legis-
lative power over the territory ceded, but
Congress was to exercise it exclusive of the
States:
"To exorcise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever over siicii district (not exceeding ten
miles square) as may, by cession of particular States,
and the acceptance of Consrcss, become the seat ot
the Government of the United States, and to exer-
cise like authority over alt places purchased by tho
consent, ot the Legislature ot tho State in which tho
same shall be, lor the crection of forts, magazines,
arsenals, doek-yarils, and other needful buildings."
" Exclusive legislation.'' Exclusive of what?
Exclusive of the jurisdiction of the States. That
is the plain meaning of that portion of the Con-
stitution. I apprehend that it does not mean
what the gentleman from Massachusetts [ Mr.
Hoar] tries to make it mean ; that is, exclu-
sive of all other acts in the form of legislation.
It cannot mean that, because the city of Wash-
ington, as a municipal corporation created by
Congress, has always had the power of legisla-
tion.
Here is the mistake which the gentleman
makes. He saya that all corporations have
the power to make by-laws. But by-laws are
not legislation within the meaning of the Con-
stitution. The very distinction between public
and private corporations is that a public cor-
poration has the power of legislation, while a
private corporation, like a railroad company,
has no power whatever of legislation. It can
make by-laws, to be sure; but because that
faculty is conferred by the legislation which
creates it. The great characteristic which
distinguishes a public from a private corpora-
tion is the power of legislation whichis granted
to a municipal corporation and denied to a
private corporation. Both classes of corpora-
tions have seals, and can sue and be sued, but
the one has legislative power and the other
has not.
The city of Washington is a municipal cor-
poration created by Congress. It has always
possessed the legislative power of a public
municipal corporation as contradistinguished
from a private corporation, likea railroad com-
pany. The gentleman from Massachusetts con-
founds the distinction, which should never be
lost sight of.
This bill itself is an act of legislation, and
therefore quite within the theory of the Con-
stitution, And the seventeenth section, as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] has
pointed out, reserves to Congress the most
absolute possession of the power of legisla-
tion for all time. And he very properly said
that this qualified legislative power, which is
not now newly granted, hut which is regulated
by this bill, is merely of the nature of a peti-
tion of the citizens of this District to the Con-
gress of the United States, in which the legis-
lative power resides.
Mr. HOAR. Suppose that in the month of
May, after we adjourn, this new legislative
power passes a law making a certain offense
capitally punishable, and a man is convicted
under that law and sentenced to be hanged
in the September following. The next meet-
ing of Congress will not take place till the
December following. What then?
Mr. WOODWARD. Any judge of any Fed-
eral court would deliver the accused upon
habeas corpus from any such peril.
Mr. HOAR. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodwakd] concedes that
no law which this Legislature of the District
of Columbia could pass would have any author-
ity under this bill until after a subsequent ses-
sion of Congress?
Mr. WOODWARD. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. HOAR. Then the gentleman does not
apprehend my question. My question was
whether this Legislature might not pass a law
under which a man might be hanged before the
Congress would again meet, after the passage
of the law.
Mr. WOODWARD. The bill gives Congress
the veto power, and forbids any legislation con-
trary to the Constitution. It makes the Dis-
trict of Columbia a Territory of the Govern-
ment, and, like other Territories, it will be
subject to the paramount legislative power of
Congress. Any law contravening the general
scope of this legislation would be arrested by
the judicial power ; and therefore the case put
by the honorable gentleman could not arise.
The qualified legislative power granted to this,
as to our other Territories, is an act of legis-
lation,^ as much so as when a city or other
municipal corporation is created. And then
the supreme power to revise this delegated
