1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the third
place, is the bill so drawn ihatthe corporation
to which this grant of public land is given shall
build the road, and cannot sell the franchise
granted and not build the road? '
Mr. WHEELER. According to the very
best ability of the committee, the bill requires
that the road shall be built.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On these con-
ditions I will support it. I believe it is an act
of justice, and ought to pass.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
to.me for a moment?
Mr. WHEELER. Certainly.
Mr. BU i'LER, of Massachusetts. I object
to any more conundrums. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. I shall not propose any
conundrums. 1 desire to call the attention of
the gentleman having charge of this bill to the
fourth section of the proposed amendment. I
submit that the amendment he has just pro-
posed to that section does not meet the objec-
tion which I, at least, make to that section.
That section, as proposed to be amended, pro-
vides that there may be a consolidation with
railroads upon this route, either railroads now
chartered or that may hereafter be. chartered.
As I understand the provisions of this bill, it
is a perpetual charter, and therefore, along the
whole line between Marshall, in Texas, and I
San Diego, in California, it will be competent J
for this railroad company in the future to pur- |
chase or consolidate with every line of road on
that route.
Mr. BUCK. That is what we want; we
want one line of road.
Mr. ALLISON. This bill provides for a
line of road from Marshall, in the State of
TeXi\s, to San Diego, in California. I sub-
mit that it is not proper for us here, by means
of legislative authority, to enter upon the sub-
ject of consolidating railroad lines. The ex-
perience of railroad operators in this country j
is that they can consolidate fast enough, and j
surely enough, under State authority, without |
congressional intervention. Therefore I trust j
that everything in this bill which provides for j
the consolidation of railroads will be struck j
out, unless it may be that there is some rail- j
road now upon this direct route that has some j
authority from the State of Texas. _ j
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly what is the .
matter. j
Mr. ALLISON. That is what I supposed, i
Therefore I ask the gentleman from New York j
to strike out the clause in the fourth section, !
which authorizes the road to " consolidate on j
such terms as may be agreed upon between |
the parties with any railroad company or com- j
par.ies heretofore, or that may hereafter be, '
cbsrtfirsd "
Mr. WHEELER. I am afraid the gentle-
man does not apprehend the effect of the
amendment prepared by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd.J
Mr. ALLISON. I think I do.
Mr. WHEELER. It is provided in that
amendment that there shall be no consolida-
tion except upon the line as defined in the
section.
Mr. BANKS. Specifically defined.
Mr. WHEELER. Yes, the specific line.
Mr. ALLISON. If that is the only object,
then I ask the gentleman from New York why
the bill proposes to allow consolidation with
any railroad which may hereafter be chartered
by State authority ?
Mr. WHEELER. Simply because a rail-
road may be chartered by the State ot lexas.
The object is to make one continuous line of
railroad from Marshall to San Diego; that is
all. That is expressly provided by the lan-
guage of the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois. I now yield one minute to the
gentleman from Illinois, [.Mr. Judd.]
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, when I read the
fourth section of this bill I discovered that it
was a general act of incorporation for the
entire United States. Although it was not so
intended, it was so in fact. I speak under-
standing^ on this point.. It proposed to en-
able the company which the bill organizes to
purchase any chartered road in the United
States. I called the attention of the chairman
of the committee to that section, telling him [
thought he conferred a dangerous power. He
then explained to me that there were now in
existence all over this line certain chartered
companies which it was necessary to combine
to makethe line complete, and that this was the
reason for the insertion of that section. I then
asked him if he would assent to an amend-
ment which would limit in that way the exer-
cise of the power. I have prepared an amend-
ment which, I believe, limits the exercise of
the power to that purpose alone. I can see
no objection to striking out the word "here-
after," and I suggest to the gentleman that
with that word struck out the language of the
bill in connection with the amendment which
I have drafted will accomplish precisely what
my friend from Iowa suggests.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 have no objection
whatever to striking out the word "here-
after."
Mr. ALLISON. Then let it be struck out.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the previous
question upon the bill and amendments.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] admit the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison?]
Mr. WHEELER. As I have said, I have
no objection to striking out the word "here-
after."
Mr. BUCK. I object.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from New York a question or two.
There is some information which the House
ought to have before voting upon seconding
the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I desire that we may have such order in the
House that the chairman of the committee may
be heard, and that his answers to questions
may be intelligible to the House.
The SPEAKER. The members of the
House create the disorder.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to put to the
chairman of the committee some questions
| which I would like to have answered for the
| information of the House. Will the gentle-
! man tell us 
| Mr. WHEELER. I cannot .yield further.
I I insist on the demand for the previous ques-
! tion.
! Mr. LAWRENCE. I say that this bill
| authorizes the issue of bonds, with no security
j for the construction of the road.
Mr. RANDALL. And two kinds of bonds.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The gentleman from New York has called the
previous question, and declines to yield.
Mr. WHEELER. I consent that theamend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison',] to strike out the word " here-
after," shall be considered as pending; and I
now renew the demand for the previous ques-
! tion.
j message from the senate.
j A message from the Senate, by Mr. Svmp-
! son, one of their clerks, informed the House
j that the Senate had passed, without amend-
| raent, a bill (H. R. No. 2805) supplementary to
j an act to establish the Department of Justice.
The message further announced that the
Senate had rejected a bill (H. It. No. 1582)
authorizing terms of the United States district
court to be held at Helena, Arkansas.
The message further announced _ that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 1249) to authorize the circuit
court of the United States in the State ol In-
diana to make partition of a reservation to the
band of Ma-to Sin-ia, a Miami Indian; and
A bill (S. No. 1340) for the relief of Alger-
non S. Cadvvallader, late collector of internal
revenue and disbursing agent, fifth district,
Pennsylvania.
southern pacific railroad again.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the demand of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] for the previous question.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
110, noes 34.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BEATl'Y. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 24, noes 110; less than one fifth voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Wheeler were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 30, noes 127; less than one fifth
voting in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question; aud it was ordered to be now
put.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to close debate;
and I will yield ten minutes to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Haldeman ]
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire
very briefly, and I am afraid disconnectedly,
(for I have not time to condense my thoughts
within the limits of a ten-minutes speech,) to
slate the general principles which have.gov-
erned me in opposing all land grants and which
will compel me to vote against this measure.
Had I voted for any land grant I should sup-
port this bill. Were it possible for me to advo-
cate a subsidy or a land grant to a railroad
corporation I certainly should favor doing with
the South that which has been done for the
center and the North. Could I bring myself
to believe that land grants and subsidies are
beneficial in the long run to the masses of the
people 1 should do anything to aid in the devel-
opment of the suffering South. But. sir, lam
one of those who hold that land grants and
subsidies, while they develop aparticular region
of country and increase the wealth of a cer-
tain class of people, nevertheless sap the found -
ations of republican governments. Were it
the great duty enjoined upon us to provide for
the settling up and the development of this
country within fifty years 1 might vote for land
grants and subsidies. Did I believe that the
task set before republican legislators was only
to adopt such measures as add to the wealth
and grandeur of this country, regardless of the
effect upon republican institutions and true
democracy, I should not scruple to adopt this
the most efficacious and rapid mode of stimu-
lating immigration aud quintupling wealth.
But 1 chance to be one of those who believe
that this nation is not for a day : that we have
a duty imposed on us in the face of all the
world, and that that duty is the preservation
of republican simplicity and democratic insti-
tutions, rather than the aggrandizement of men
and the building up of magnificent empires.
We have fondly hoped that our institutions
were to be an example for all the world; tint
this people was set upon a hill as an exemplar
to nations; that we were as a beacon li«ht to
illumine the progress of humanity ; and I have
asked myself whether such measures and such
legislation accord with our aspirations. But
I find that, on the contrary, these magnificent
endowments to railway corporations by grants
aud subsidies are undermining republican vir-
tue. By their concomitant and consequent
corruptions aud by the example of luxury aud
