1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
of extravagance with the vast accumulations
of wealth which they necessarily entail, more
injury is done to the morals of the people than
the material benefits can compensate.
We are now forty millions of people. We
are receiving accessions of four hundred thou-
sand a year, and soon will receive half a mil-
lion a year, and yet we are scarcely one hun-
dred years old, but a span in the life of
nations; and it becomes a serious question,
not whether we are rapidly to develop this'
country, but the form of development which
you would have ; not the quantity of immigra-
tion which you propose to introduce into this
country, but its quality. Great railway schemes
require, in their prosecution, the introduction
of myriads of cheap laborers, which, of neces-
sity, must bring large numbers of Chinese into
our midst. You can no longer select, you can
no longer bring hither fast enough for such
purposes homogeneous people. And I assume
that the fallacy which political passions and
necessities have fostered, that all races are
fitted for similar institutions, and that the con-
trary opinion is a mere prejudice of color or
of queue, is rapidly disappearing in the light of
science. Races huve their own geniHS. Bach
has its own peculiarities. Institutions and gov-
ernments are butthe outward expression of the
feelings, thoughts, and genius of a people.
The history of the world is hereafter to be
rewritten. It is to be the history of races.
The history of language is to be written. It
is the history of race3 with their comminglings
and constant modifications, both in language
and in form of government, resulting from ad-
mixtures of blood. I contend that, represent-
ing forty million people and legislating for the
future, we must consider what sort of people
we want in this country, what sort of develop-
ment we are to have, and not how rapidly we
are tq make the wilderness blossom as a rose,
or how vast the fortunes we shall accumulate.
Gentlemen have said on all sides that the
railway question is soon to be the greatest
in this land, and that we must grapple with
it. And it is evident that there is something
radically wrong in all our legislation when we
see one man in a single lifetime accumulating
$100,000,000. That man is the chief of the
great robbers of this continent and age. He
and they are the freebooting barons and counts
of this time, who, like the robber knights of
the Middle Ages, founded through force and
fraud the conspicuous families of Europe.
Unscrupulous cunning takes the place of the
mailed hand,'but our modern robbers imitate
the lordly proprietors of thick-walled castles
in their exactions upon helpless commerce and
industry.
Now, this Government is not founded for
great and magnificent fortunes. Its object is
not to create a single class of men welt born,
well clad, and weli educated, but it is, if we
would pursue the intentions of its founders, if
we would be true to ourselves and our poster-
ity, to make a whole people well born, well
educated, well clad, and weli to do, and not to
suffer, by our legislation, the accumulation of
money in the hands of robbers who are the
lineal descendants of those robbers, who, from
their strongholds upon the crags along the
rivers o( Europe, plundered the merchantmen
as they floated their goods down the Rhine, or
the Danube, or the other rivers, on their way to
market. Instead of legislating in their favor,
I hoid that it is the duty of this Congress of a
democratic Government to legislate against the
possibility of such accumulations of fortune in
a few hands, instead of fostering this spirit
of extravagance, instead of yielding to the
insidious idea that you are to have a mag-
nificent imperial Republic, with the greatest
capital that the world ever saw, the proudest
edifices, and the most magnificent cities, with
all the concomitants which you already see
spreading through life in high places, of grand
equipages, magnificent dwellings, and luxuri-
ous living—that, true to the mission of repub-
lican government, we should legislate against
this accumulation of money in the hands of
a few, and in favor of the general well-being
of the masses of the people. And, in conclu-
sion, having stated the general idea which
must govern my course on this question, I
have, only further to say that I have no feel-
ing but that of good will for the people of the
South and an earnest hope that she may soon
recover from her sad prostration, again to be-
come, when freed both from the incubus of
slavery and the curse of meddling legislation,
the opponent of measures which aggrandize
the few at the expense of the whole people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHEELER. I now yield three, min-
utes to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Buckley:]
Mr. BUCKLEY. I have made some efforts,
representing as I do in part a southern State
of this Union, to have fastened upon this bill
an amendment which should make the gauge
of this road correspond with the gauges of
raHroads throughout the southern States. We
have in the South twelve thousand miles of
railroad, the track of which is of a five-foot
gauge. I had supposed that this was to be a
southern Pacific railroad, and therefore I
thought that the gauge of this road should
correspond and be uniform.with the gauge of
the roads throughout all the southern States;
and it was for this purpose that I made every
effort I could to get the chairman of the com-
mittee reporting this bill to allow this amend-
ment to be offered, so as at least to permit the
House to take a vote upon it.
I regret as much as any one upon this floor
the necessity of such hasty legislation, that
we are compelled to give away thirteen mil-
lion acres of the public domain for a southern
Pacific railroad, while not one single Repre-
sentative from the eleven southern States upon
this floor is permitted to speak more than
three minutes. I say, for one, rather than
have this bill pass I would, prefer to see it de-
feated, and let the South wait, if need be, for
ten years for a railroad, rather than tint thir-
teen million acres of our public domain shall be
given away to a company which is to organize
in the city of New York and to expend every
dollar of its capital in the interest of northern
companies. I do not say this in any sectional
sense at all: but it is a matter of simple jus-
tice and right to the southern States now in
this Union that they should have some of the
benefits of this immense donation of the pub-
lic domain and of the advantages which this
road can confer upon them.
Sir, it i3 proposed that this shall be the
shortest, and it will be the pleasantest and
most direct road from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. And yet, under the provisions of this
bill, the main track would be of one gauge
and that of the branches in all the southern
States would be of a different gauge; and the
result would be that every pound of freight
would have to be changed, every passenger
would have to be changed, and we shall have
in this instance a repetition of the legislation
which we had in 1802 and 1803.
When the bill passed, approved July 1,
1802, making a donation of lands to the Union
Pacific railroad, the provision was incorporated
in the bill that the gauge should be lelt at the
discretion of the President of the United States.
On the 3d day of March, 1803, less than one
year after, we find that this company came
in here, and by an act of Congress the gauge
was fixed at four feet eight and a half inches;
and yet we are told by the gentleman from
New ifork, [Mr. Wheeler,] with that law upon
the statute-book, that there never was an act
of Congress passed fixing J.he gauge of a rail-
Toad. The result will be, if we pass this bill
without my amendment., to cut off eleven
southern States of the Union from any con-
nection with the truuk line of the Southern
Pacific railroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, the fallacy
of the argument of the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Bockxey] is in the fact that he
assumes that this road will be of some other
gauge than five feet.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Why was the provision
for a five-foot gauge struck out?
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman is not war-
ranted in making that assumption ; because the
bill fixes no gauge, and the gauge will be that
which the interests and the business of the
country demand. There it is to be left. I am
pressed upon all sides to close this debate. • I
haveaimed to give the widest reasonable con-
sideration to this bill consistent with the ad-
vanced stage of the session and consistent with
the pressure of public business. [Laughter.]
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WHEELER. I must respectfully de-
cline to yield to anybody. I recognize and
fully respect the growing dislike of the Ameri-
can people to these large grants to corpora-
tions, a dislike springing as well from the sus-
picion that in some instances they have subor-
dinated to personal aggrandizement as from
the fact that some large corporations are
exercising powers repugnant to our notions
of the rights of the people, and little short of
despotic. Nevertheless, the reasons which
dictated this policy of land subsidies in grants
of alternate sections are just as' valid and
should be just as potent now as when the grant
was made for the construction of the Illinois
Central railroad. No one, I believe, now ques-
tions the wisdom, the policy, or the results of
that grant.
I assent most fully to the proposition that
no grant of this nature should ever be made
except where it can be clearly demonstrated
that it stands upon considerations of public
policy and national benefit. That this measure
insures this test I shall not stop to argue at
length, for the House has already assented to
it by the significant vote by which it has given
this bill precedence over all others of like
nature. And in this action, in my judgment,
the House but answers the expectation of the
country.
We all know how internal improvements,
which have made such mighty strides and
worked out such marvelous results elsewhere,
have lagged in the region which this road is to
traverse and benefit. Now that the incubus
of slavery, which barred all improvement, is
removed immigration but awaits the construc-
tion of this great national highway to fill this
country with a teeming population and to
make available all its wealth of soil, climate,
and mines.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have long since learned
that a man is not heard for his much speaking
in this House. A day's debate upon this meas-
ure, which has been so long before the coun-
try, would not probably change a single vote.
And, as I have no desire to win immortality
through the pages of the Congressional Globe,
I hasten to a summary of the reasons which
impel my advocacy ot this measure. I think
this bill ought to pass,
First, because common justice demands that
we place the South upon an equality as to com-
mercial (acilitiesapproximaUiigat, least to those
already so liberally granted to the North and
center. I say approximating, for that is a!l
this bill dees. The South gets no bonds, as
did the central line; and as to lands donated
by this bill, in quantity and quality they ad-
mit of no comparison with those given to the
northern line. This bill grants no solitary
acre of land upon which the cereals can be
grown without artificial irrigation. 1 need not
remind the House that the bill grants no
lands iu Texas, as the Government owns none
there.
Secondly, public economy demands the con-
struction of this road. It will effect great re-
trenchment in the matter of military expend-
itures, by reducing the expense of the trans-
