646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
The SPEAKER stated that in the opinion
of the Chair the noes had it.
* Mr. RANDALL. I must ask for the yeas
and nays on that.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—•
ayes sixteen; not a sufficient number.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers, there were—ayes fif-
teen ; not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were refused, the yeas and nays
were refused, and the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Cook's amend-
ment to section five, as follows :
In line five, strike out the word "having." and
after the word "members" insert "who shall he ap-
pointed by tho President, by and with the advieo
and consent of the Senate, who shall have."
In lino six, aftertho word "prescribed," strike out
"whose term of service shall continue twoyears"
and insert "five of whom shall be first appointed for
the term of one year and six for the term of two
years: Provided, That all subsequent appointments
shall bo for the term of two years."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read as follows:
SEC. 6. And be it further enacted. That all male
citizens of the United States abovotheageof twenty -
ono years, who shall have been actual residents of
said Distuetfur twelvemonths priortothe firstelec-
tion, except such as are non compos mentis and per-
sons convicted of infamous crimes, shall bo entitled
to vote at said election, in the election district or
precinct in ivhicll lie shall then reside, and shall
havo so re^dedfor thirty days prior to said election,
and shall be eligible to any oflico within tho said
District, but the Legislative Assembly shall have no
right to abridge or limit the right of suffrage.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "male" iu the first line of
that section. I move this amendment in good
faith, and I desire to have the yeas and nays
on it. I do not wish t.o delay action on this
bill by debate, and will therefore only say a
word in support of the amendment.
The establishment of universal male suffrage
throughout the United States was preceded by
its establishment iu the District of Columbia
and in the Territories. Following the same
order, I desire that tho District of Columbia
shall first enjoy the further and full extension
of the democratic principle, by giving the bal-
lot to all the people here, irrespective of sex.
I know of no reason why this should not be
done. I believe the question of woman's rights
necessarily involves the question of human
rights. The famous maxim of our fathers that
"taxation without representation is tyranny"
applies not to one half only, but to the whole
people. 1 am a democrat in full of all de-
mands, and I cannot., therefore, accept as a
real democracy, or even a republic, a govern-
ment "half slave and half free."
Mr. COOK. I ask that this bill may not be
cumbered with this addition to it. This Dis-
trict has already been made too much the sub-
ject of all sorts of experiments. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was on Mr.
Joliax's amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 117, not voting
65; as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Asper, Atwood,
Banks. Barry. Buck, Buffinton, iiurdotr, Churchill,
AmasaGobb,Clinton L.Cobb,Coburn, Cullom. Dar-
rall, Joseph Dixon, Lla, Famsworth, Finkolnburg,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hoar, Alexander it
Jones, Juli^n, Kelley, Lawronce, Long, Longhridgo,
Maynard. Milncs, William Moore, Morey, Daniel J.
Morrell, Neglcy, Orth, Packard, Paine,Perce, Piatt,
Pouieroy. Porter, Prosser, Sargent, Sooficld, Shanks,
William J.Smith. Stevenson,Stoughton, Strickland,
Twichell, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Willard. John
X. Wilson, and Wolf-55.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Barnum, Beatty,
Beck, Bethime, Benton, Biggs, Blair, Boles, Booker,
George M.Brooks, Buckley, Binchfird, Conger, Con-
ner, Cook, Cowles. Cox, Crebs, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duke, Duval, Eldridge, Fer-
riss. Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Getz, (iiifiilan, Griswold,
Haldenian, Hale, llamili, Hawley, Hay, Ilill, Hol-
la an .Holmes, Hooper, Hotcbkiss. Ingersoll, John-
son, Thonyis L. Jones. Judd, Kellogg, Keisey, Kerr,
Keteham.Iinapp, Knott, Lallin. Lewis, Lynch, Man-
ning, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McCrary, Mo-
Grew, McKee. McKenzie. McNeely, Mercur, Mor-
gan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Phelps, Poland, Pot-
ter, Bainey, Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Sanford, Saw-
yer, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod. Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stone, Strong,
Swann.Sypher, Tanner, Taylor,Tillman,Townsend,
Tyner, Voorhees, Wallace, William B.Washburn,
Welker.Wells, Wheeler. Williams,Eugene M.Wilson,
Winchester, Witeher, Wood, and Woodward—117.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett,
Bingham, Bird, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, RoderiekR.Butler, Cake. Cal-
kin,Cessna, William T.Clark,Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Dawes, Degener, Nathan F. Dixon, Dyer, Ferry,
Fitch, Gibson, Ilaight, Hambleton, Hays, Heflin,
Hoge, Jenckes, Lash, Logan, McCarthy, Eliakim II.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Morphis, .Morrissey, Now-
sham, Peters, Price, Rice, Roots, Starkweather,
Stiles, Stokes. Strader, Sweeney. Taffe, Trimble,
(Jpson, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Ward, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Winans, and
Young—65.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to lay the bill
on the table. I think we may as well test the
sense of the House on that question now.
The question being put on the motion to lay
the bill on the table, it was not agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to offer an
amendment in the form of an additional sec-
tion.
Tho SPEAKER. The time to move addi-
tional sections is when the bill has been gone
through.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That members of
the Legislative Assembly, before they enter upon
their official duties, shall take and subscribe tho fol-
lowing oath or affirmation: "1 do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that I will support the Constitution of the
United States, and will faithfully dischargo tho
duties of tho office upon which I am about to enter,
and that I have not knowingly or intentionally paid
or contributed anything, or mado any promise in
tho nature of a bribe, to directly or indirectly influ-
ence any vote at tho election at which I was chosen
to fill the said office, and havo not accepted, nor will
I accept or reccivo, directly or indirectly, any money
or other valuable tiling for any vote or influence that
I may give or withhold on any bill, resolution, or
appropriation, or for any other official act." Any
member who shall refuse to take the oath herein
prescribed shall forfeit his office, and every person
who shall be convicted of having sworn falsely to or
of violating his s.ud oath shall forfeit his office, and
be disqualified thereafter from holding any ollice of
profit or trust in said District.
Mr. COOK. X move to amend that section
by lidding at, the end thereof the following:
And shall be deemed guilly of perjury, and on
conviction thereof be punished accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIOAR. I move to strike out that sec-
tion asainended. Ido not think, Mr. Speaker,
that the point which 1 made a little while ago,
and the answer to it. made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. AYoodward,] were quite
understood by the House, i hold in my hand
a statement by one of the highest legal author-
ities in this country, Si. George Tucker, editor
of Blackstoiie's Commentaries and professor
of law in the University of Virginia, in which
he .says:
" It has been said that it was in contemplation to
establish a subordinate Legislature, witli&Governor
to preside over the District. But it seems highly
questionable whether such a substitution of legis-
lative luitliority is compatible with the Constitution
unless it be supposed that a power to exercise exclu-'
sive jurisdiction in all cases whatsoever compre-
hends an autlioritytodelegate that powerto another
subordinate body. If the maxim be sound that a
delegated authority cannot betransferred to another
to exercise, the project here spoken of will probably
never take effect. At present that part of the Union
is neither represented in Congress nor in any State
Legislature, a. circumstance of which thereseems to
be some disposition to complain. An amendment
of tho Constitution seems to be the only means of
remedying this oversight."
Now, (he passage in the Federalist and in
Judge Story alluded to by the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] is simply this, that
the people of this District will probably be
permitted to establish a municipal legislature
for local purposes: a municipal legislature;
that is a legislature such as all municipalities
establish, such as the cities of New York and
Boston establish. But neither Judge Story
nor the author of the Federalist ever dreamed
for a moment that under this power of exclu-
sive legislation any other subjects except those
which are the ordinary subjects of municipal
legislation could ever be exercised by this
municipality or by any authority but Congress
itself.
Now, this bill undertakes to delegate to the
President of the United States, who is clothed
with the power of appointing these officers,
that supreme and exclusive legislative author-
ity over this District which the Constitution
reserves to Congress itself. The authorities
cited on the other side have no application to
this point whatever, but relate solely to the
local municipal legislation.
The question was taken on Mr. Hoar's
motion, to strike out the eighth section ; and
it was disagreed to—ayes thirty-four, noes not
counted.
Mr. COOK. I now move to strike out sec-
tion twenty-seven and section forty, and to
insert in lieu of them two sections which I
send to the Clerk's desk, and ut«a those two
amendments and upon the bill I move the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman must first
move to reconsider the vote by which the
House agreed to consider the bill by sections.
Mr. COOK. Very well; I make that motion.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire the priv-
ilege of offering an amendment to the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Cook's
motion ; and there were—ayes 78, noes 54.
Mr. ARNELL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not orderfid.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to con-
sider the bill by sections; and being put, it was
decided in the negative.
So the House refused to consider the bill by
sections.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman yield
five minutes to me?
Mr. COOK. I cannot.
Mr. COBURN. I protest against the pas-
sage of this bill in this form. By section thirty-
five the property of the United States in the
District is to be taxed; this is all wrong. Sec-
tion thirty-six fixes a rule for appropriations,
which is wrong.
Mr. COOK. I now offer the two amend-
ments to the bill; and on the amendments I
move the previous question. But first I ask
consent to move an amendment to section
thirty-five, to insert the word "real" before
the words " property belonging to the United
States;" so that portion of the section will
read :
And be it further enacted. That there shall be a valu-
ation taken in the District of Columbia of all prop-
erty, personal and real, including all real property
belonging to the United States except tho public
buildings, in separate and distinct schedules, atleast
once in two years ; and return thereof shall be made
by the Governor to the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Representatives,on the first
day of the session of Congress held after such valua-
tion shall be taken.
Mr. BURCHARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman to include in his amendment the
public monej's in the Treasury, and the furni-
ture, models, and other property of the United
States. Under this bill it seems to me that
the public moneys of the United States are
liable to taxation.
Mr. SHANKS. And under this section
cannot the furniture of the very Capitol in
which we are now sitting be taxed?
Mr. COOK. I will also move to insert, after
the words " except the public buildings," the
words "and all personal property belonging
to the United States."
No objection being made, the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask one question.
Mr. COOK. Very well.
•_ Mr. HOAR. Is there any provision in this
bill, and if not, is there any in any general law
of the United States, which provides for the
impeachment or removal of the Governor for
any misconduct in office ?
