1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i473
portation of military supplies and by reducing
the military power itself, as, by the extension
of a railroad throughout these remote regions,
one regiment of soldiers, by its facilities for
rapid movement, will have the efficiency of
two. Settlements will be built up which will
protect themselves against the Indians, as they
now do in eastern Kansas and California. Gen-
eral Sherman informs me that there are now
on the line of this road, through the Territo-
ries of New Mexico and Arizona—only four
hundred and fifty miles—something over fonr
thousand troops, more than one half of whom
are cavalry. The estimate at the War Depart-
ment of the annual expense of an infantry
regiment in these parts is $1,000,000, and of
a cavalry regiment $2,000,000. General Sher-
man estimates that with this road constructed
one half this force can be dispensed with, and
over three million five hundred thousand dol-
lars thereby saved annually. The diminution
of military expenditures in the region traversed
by the Kansas Pacific railway fully sustain
General Sherman, as I could demonstrate did
time permit. Let one illustration suffice. The
House Committee on Military Affairs report-
ed in 1868 that the Kansas Pacific road, then
only partially constructed, saved the Govern-
ment for the year 1867, in the way of military
expenditure, .$846,383.
Thirdly, because this road will develop the
resources of the country, increase its taxable
wealth and national power, by making avail-
able the vast mineral wealth of the rich Terri-
tories of New Mexico, and Arizona, which
wealth has now no outlet to the ocean, and is
now lost to the world by reason of the com-
plete dominion of the hostile Indian, whose
ravages even five thousand troops cannot now
restrain. It is the absolute duty of Government
to make this vast mineral wealth available
toward the extinguishment of our national debt.
Fourthly, because it will bring into market
and confer additional valueuponthe millions of
acres of Government lands in this section now
lying, and, but for the construction of this road,
to lie idle and unproductive.
Fifthly, it will turn into our channels of
trade, and bring to our markets the products
of the rich mines, and the semi-tropical pro-
ductions of northern and central Mexico; it
will carry the leaven of our civilization and
institutions to that region; it will be a per-
petual band of amity between us and our sister
republic, and a standing warning against any
further foreign interference in her affairs.
Lastly, and by no means least, this road,
when constructed, will prove a most import-
ant and potent element in the reconstruction
of the South. Demonstrating the liberality
and impartiality of the Government to all sec-
tions of the country and to all its citizens, it
will bring the South into direct contact with
northern men, northern progress, northern
ideas and capital, and in the general com-
mingling of interests, in the general prosperity,
and in the new enterprises opened to the South,
the feelings of antagonism engendered by the
late war will be sure to fade out. This road
will accomplish, in my judgment, what so far
our reconstruction statutes have failed to do,
and will constitute another link in the chain
which shall make our Union indissoluble.
And now I submit the measure to the
House, and ask that the vote may be taken
on the several amendments, and then on the
engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to a point of
order. It is that, the hour of two o'clock
having arrived, we must proceed to the con-
sideration of the special order, being the
appropriation bills.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The previous question is oper-
ating, and the House has resolved that it will
now take a vote upon this bill.
Mr. HAIGHT. I desire to ask a parlia- j
mentary question. Would it be proper at this I
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 93,
stage of the proceedings to have read a peti-
tion from citizens of New Jersey against the
absorption of the public domain by land grants
to railroad corporations ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. MOBEY. I ask unanimous consent to
have printed in the Globe some remarks upon
this bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to ask leave of
.the House that all gentlemen who desire to
speak upon this question mayhave that leave.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The first question was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Allison to the fourth section
of the amendment reported by the committee,
to strike out in line six the words "or that
may hereafter be chartered so that the sec-
tion would read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatthe said South
Pacific Railway Company shall have power and law-
ful authority to purchase the stock, land grants, fran-
chises, and appurtenances of, and consolidate on
such terms as may be agreed upon between the
parties with any railroad company, or companies,
heretofore chartered, by congressional, State, or ter-
ritorial authority, &e.
The question was put on Mr. Allison's
amendment; and there were—ayes 49, noes 51;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Maynard and
Mr.- Allison were appointed.
The House again divided j and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 74} noes 51.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MOREY called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays j and there were eight in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment moved by Mr. Allison was
accordingly agreed to.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad was agreed to as
amended.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JULIAN and Mr. RANDALL called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken j and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 135, nays 70,
not voting 35 $ as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett.Benton, Beth une, Blair,
Boles, Booker, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Calkin, Cessna. Churchill, "William T. Clark,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cook, Corker,
Cowles, Darrall, Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Dox, Duke, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hambleton,
Hamili, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hays, Helim,
Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Ilotchki&s, Jenckes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones,Kelley,Kelsey,Ketcham,Knapp,
Lash, Logan,Long, Lynch, Manning,Mayham, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCormick, McKee, MeKenzie,
Milnes, Morey, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Negley, New-
sham, O'Neill, Halbert E. Paine, William W. Paine,
Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Porter. Prosser, Rainey, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, "William J.
Smith, Worchington C. Smith, Stokes, Stone, Strick-
land, Swann, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Trimble, Twichell, Van Horn, "Wallace, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, and Witcher—135.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Asper, Beatty,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Butfinton, Burchard. Burr,
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn. Cox, Cullom,
Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Finkelnburg, Getz,
Haight, Haideman, Hale, Hawley, Hay, Hill, Hol-
man,Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Lawrence,
Lewis, Loughridge, Marshall, McCrary. MeNeely,
Mercur.EliakimH. Moore,William Moore,Morgan,
Niblaek, Orth, Packard, Packer, Peck, Potter, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Scofield, John A.Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Strong, Tyner,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees, William B.W ash-
burn, Wolker, Wells. Willard, John T. Wilson,
Winans, Wolf, Wood, and Woodward—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Arnell, Beck, Boyd, James
Brooks, Cake, Cleveland, Crebs, Dawes, Nathan F.
Dixon, Hla, Eldridge, Fitch, Griswold, Holmes,
Ingersoll, Kellogg, Knott, Laflin, McGrew, Jess©
Jl. Moore, Peters, Price, Porter Sheldon, Slocuw,
Stoughton, Strader, Sweeney, Sypher, Taylor, Up-
son, Van Auken, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Winchester, and Young—35.
So the bill was 1
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CREBS said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Moore, of Illinois, my col-
league. If he were present he would vote
" ay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. McGREW. Upon this question I have
paired with Mr. Upson. If he were present
he would vote "no," and Iwouldvote "ay."
Mr. WHEELER. I move now to amend
the title so that it shall read "Southern Pa-
cific railroad," instead of " South Pacific rail-
road," and I ask that the text of the bill be
made to correspond to the amended title.
The SPEAKER. The latter motion requires
unanimous consent.
No objection was made; and the title was
amended accordingly, and the text of the bill
made to correspond thereto.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EllOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, to print the usual number of copies
of " Treaties and Conventions," as reported
to the Senate from the State Department; and
in addition thereto one thousand copies for
the use of the State Department, one thousand
copies for the use of the Senate, and two thou-
sand copies for the use of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
bridge at omaha.
Mr. PALMER submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. It. No. 1227) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri river,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House do recede from its disagreement
to the action of the Senate, and agreo to the same
with the following amendments:
In line eight strike out " their" and insert " its."
In line seven, after the word 41 bridge," insert " and
approaches."
At the end of line ten insert" and said bridge may
he so constructed as to provide for the passage of
ordinary vehicles and travel; and said company may
levy and collect tolls and charges for the use of the
same."
In line eighteen strike out the word " also."
In line twenty-six strike out" and the use thereof."
At the end of line twenty-eight insert" and the
local travel hereinbefore provided for; and the
amount of bonds herein authorized shall not exceed
$2,500,000: Provided, That if said bridge shall be
constructed as a draw-bridge the same shall be con-
structed with spans of not less than two hundred
feet in length in the clear on each side of the central
or pivot pier of the draw."
PRANK W. PALMER,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
JOHN TAi'IfE,
Managers on the part of the JTouse.
JOHN M. THAYER,
8. C. POMEROY,
JAMES HARLAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORM OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTS.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following re-
port;
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 1351, "to pre-
scribe the form of the enacting and resolving clauses
of acts and resolutions, of Congress, and rules for the
construction thereof," having met, after full andfreo
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from its
