1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
Mr. COOK. That is implied.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that section forty of
this bill, together with the substitute which has
been offered for it, be again read.
The section was read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That charters of the cor-
porations of Washington and the laws creating the
levy court of the District of Columbia may be mod-
ified or repealed by the Legislative Assembly; and
in case of tho repeal or modification of the charters
aforesaid, or either of thein, the said Legislative
Assembly shall have power to levy a special tax
upon property within such corporation, for the pay-
ment of the debts thereof, and for no other purpose.
The substitute was read as follows:
And be ttfurther enacted, That the charters of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown shall be re-
pealed on and after the 1st day of June, A. D. 1871,
and all officers of said corporations abolished at that
date; and the levy court of the District of Columbia,
and all officers connected therewith, shall be abol-
ished on and after the said 1st day of June, A. D. 18T1:
but all laws and ordinances of said cities respect-
ively, and of said levy court, not inconsistent with
this act, shall remain in full force until modified or
repealed by Congress or the legislative Assembly of
said District. That portion of said District included
within the present limits of the city of "Washington
shall continue to be known as the city of Washing-
ton; and that portion of said District included witnin
the limits of the city of Georgetown shall continue
to be known as the city of Georgetown. And the
legislative Assembly shall have power to levy a spe-
cial tax upon property within the city of Washing-
ton for the payment of the debts of said city, and
upon property within the limits of the city of George-
town for the payment of the debts of said city, and
upon property within said District, not included
within the limits of either of said cities, to pay any
debts owing by that portion of said District.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not think this sec-
tion sufficiently exempts the property of the
Government of the United States from the
special tix authorized by this section.
Mr. COOK. I will, if no objection be made,
modify the substitute by inserting the words
" excepting the property of the Government
of the United States," wherever necessary.
No objection was made; and the substitute
was modified accordingly.
Mr. HAWLEY. It is evidently the object
of the chairman of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia [Mr. Cook] to prevent the
levying of taxes upon the personal property
of "the Government. By his amendment just
made he simply forbids the Legislature of the
District from taxing this property. But by the
proviso of the thfrty-fifth section the Secretary
of the Interior is required to make a report of
the property of the United States.
Mr. COOK. To Congress; that i3 all.
Mr. HAWLEY. But section thirty-six pro-
vides that there shall be money appropriated
to pay taxes on the property of the United
States.
Mr. COOK. Appropriated by Congress. ■
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] consents to my offering an amend-
ment to section seventeen of this bill. The
first part of that section provides "that the
legislative power of the District shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation within said
District, consistent with the Constitution of
the United States and the provisions of this
act." I ask consent to move to insert after
the words ''the provisions of this act" the
following;
But subject, nevertheless, to all the restrictions
and limitations imposed upon States by the tenth
section of the first article of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. COOK. That is right.
No objection was made ; and tbe section
was amended accordingly.
Mr. COOK. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. HAWLEY. Before that is done, I ask
that section thirty-six may be read.
Mr. COOK. I do not withdraw the call for
that purpose.
The previous question was seconded ; and
upon a division—ayes 94, noes S3—the main
question was ordered.
The first question was upon the substitute
for section twenty-seven; which section was
as follows:
And be it further enacted. That all acts and parts
of acts of Congress relating to said District of Colum-
bia not inconsistent with the provisions of this act
shall remain in force until modified or repealed by
tho Legislative Assembly of said District, or by
Congress.
The substitute was as follows:
And be it further ennefpd. That the Legislative !
Assembly shall define by law wbo shall be entitled <
to relief as paupers in said District, and shall pro- '
vide by law for the support and maintenance of such
paupers, and for that purpose shall raise the money ;
necessary by taxation. !
The substitute for the section was agreed to. !
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
next amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out section forty, and insert in iieu thereof
the following:
That the charters of the cities of Washington and ,
Georgetown sha'll be repealed on and after the 1st .
day of June, A. I). 1871, and all officers of said corpor-
ation abolished at that date. The levy court of the ,
District of Columbia, and all officers connected there- :
with, shall be abolished on and after the said 1st
day of June, A. D. 1871; but all laws and ordinances
of said cities, respectively, and of said levy court, 1
not inconsistent with this act shall remain in full
force until modified or repealed by Congress or the '
Legislative Assembly of said District. That por- '
tion of said District included within the present lim-
its of the city of Washington shall continue to be
known as the city of Washington, and that portion
of said District included withm the limits of the city :
of Georgetown shall continue to be known as the
city of Georgetown. And the Legislative Assembly
shall have power to levy a special tax upon property
(except the property of the Government of the Uni-
ted States) within the city of Washington, lor the
payment of the debt3 0f said city, and upon prop-
erty (except the property of the Government of the
United States) within the limits of the eity of George-
town, for the payment of the debts of said city, and
upon property (except the property of tbe Govern-
ment of the United States) within said District, not
included within the limits of either of said cities, to
pay any debts owing by that portion of said District.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be read the third time.
Mr. ELA. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. AMBLER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
ordering the bill, as amended, to a third read-
ing.
Mr. ARNELL. On that question I call for
tbe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask for the reading
of the bill at length.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to ask for
that.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Then I rise to a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If a member of the House
owns property in this city which will be re-
lieved of taxtion by throwing additional bur-
dens on the Government property, is it in
order for him to vote upon the passage of this
bill?
The SPEAKER. That is a question for
each member to decide in his own conscience.
It is not a parliamentary question.
Mr. ARNELL. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POTTER. I ask unanimous consent
to have made a verbal correction in the bill,
which the chairman of tbe committee intended
to move as an amendment, but overlooked.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 object.
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 97, nays 58, not voting 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Armstrong,Asper,
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Boles,
Booker, Buck, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Church-
ill, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner. Cook, Cowles,
Cox, Cullom, Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Joseph
Dixon, Dockery.Ferriss. Fisher, Fiteb.Garfield, Getz,
Gibson,Gilfillan, llaldeman.Hamill, Hamilton. Har-
ris, Hill. Holmes, Hooper, Johnson. Alexander II.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, ketcham,
Knott, Lewis, Mayham, McGrew. McKee, MeKemie,
McNeely. Kliakim H.Moore. William Moore, ilor-
phis,Daniel J.Morrell, SamuelP.Morrill,Mungen,
Myers, Negley, Niblaek, Orth, Packard, rainier,
Peck, Poland, Porter. Potter, Prosser, Scofield,
Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, Tillman. Twichell,
Tyner, Upson. Yoorhees, Wallace, Cadwalftder C.
Washburn. Welker, Williams. Eugene M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Witeher,
Wood. Woodward, and Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, ArneM, Atwood, Beatty,
Benton, Eethune, Blair, George M. Brooks, Buffin-
ton, Barcbard, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Dox, Duval,
El a,, Finkelnburg.Fox, Griswold, Hawkins, liawley,
itav, Hoar, Holrnan, Hotchkiss, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Laflin, Long, Marshall, JlcCormick. MeCrary, Mer-
cur, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy,Rainey, Randall,
Pveeves, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks. Slocuin.
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevens, Strong,
Tanner, Town«end, Van Auken, Van Horn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Wiilard, and
Wolf-58.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Axtcll,
Ayer, Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett. Bird.
Bowen, I'^yd, James Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Benja-
min F. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Crebs, Darrall,
Dawes, Nathan F. Dixor,, Donley, Duke, Dyer,
EUlridge. Farnsworth. Ferry, Haight, Hale, Ilam-
bleton, If ays, Hefiin, Hoge, Ingersoll, Jenqkes. Kel-
ley. Kerr, Knnp[i, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, JIar.ning, JIaynard, McCarthy, Milnes,
Jesse II. Mooie. Morey, Morgan, llorrissey, New-
sham, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Peters, Price, Rice,
Eoots, Saniord. Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Por-
ter Sheldon. Sherrod. Joseph S. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stiles. Stokes, Ptrader. Sweeney, Sypher,
Taffe, Taylor, Trimble. Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Ward, V/hitmore. and Wilkinson—82.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LAWRENCE said : On this question I
atn paired -with Mr. Hoge of South Carolina.
If he were present be would vote for the bill,
while I should vote against it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote
just taken : and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
kdl'o atiox ix tiie distptlct.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 2066, to provide a uniform system of
education for the District of Columbia, with
amendments.
Mr. COX. I think it is now pretty near
time for an adjournment.
military appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2810) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 80, 1872, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of tbe Union, and made
the special order for Thursday next after tbe
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I reserve all points
of order.
Mr. DICKEY, There is no general legisla-
tion in the bill.
john j. lloberson.
On motion of Mr. TANNER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition and
accompanying papers in the case of John J.
Roberson.
pay of A member.
- The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before tbe House the following letter from tbe
Sergeant-at-Arrus.
The Clerk read as follows:
Forty-First Congress United States.
House or Eepbbsextativks.
Washisgtox, D. C., January 19,1S73.
Deab Sir: Hon. P. M. B. Young, recently admit-
ted from the State of Georgia, has applied to ids tor
his pay from the commencement of the Forty-lirel
Congress. As there is some question wbetoer or cot
he will be entitled to full pay and mileage. I re-
spectfully refer the question to you for decision.
1 am, very respectmils', your obedient pervajit,
N. G. ORDWAY,
Serjeant-at-Arms Ifoase of Representatives.
i, Hon. James ff. Blaise.
U Speaker of the House of liepresentalives.
