1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
049
traordinary violence lias beea committed upon
it, and calls on justice for redress. The great
mass of the poor in all countries have become
an hereditary race, and it is next to impossible
for thorn to get out of that state of themselves.
It ought also to be observed that this mass
increases in all countries that are called civ-
il.zed." The proposition that the rich are
becoming richer in our country and the poor
becoming poorer has been vehemently denied ;
but I cannot doubt its truth for a moment. I
want 110 statistics to settle it, since the un-
natural domination of capital over labor,
which, instead of being repressed by legisla-
tion, is systematically aided by it, clears the j
question of all doubt. Our vitiated currency
largely increases the cost of the chief neces-
saries of life, and is thus a heavy tax upon
the poor. Our system of national banking is
an organized monopoly in the interest of capi- j
talists, demanded by no public necessity, and i
rendering no substantial service in return for !
the burdens it imposes upon the people.
Our tariff laws for years past, while pretend-
ing to favor the faborer, have been framed in
the interest of monopolists. The duty on
coal, which is a necessity of life, admits of no
defense. To tax coal is to tax the poor man's
fire, "to tax the force of the steam-engine, to
starve the laborer, on whose strength we
depend for work." The duty on leather has
increased its cost annually about ten million
dollars, while the consumers of boots and
shoes have had to pay an increase of some
fifteen million dollars. The duty on lumber
has largely increased its price, and is wholly
paid by the consumer. The duties on wool,
salt, and pig iron, impose heavy burdens upon
the poor, and, like the other duties named, can
scarcely be defended, even granting the prin-
ciple of protection to be sound. This legis-
lative discrimination in favor of the richer and
more favored ranks in society, and against the
laboring and producing masses,ought to cease.
Instead of being loaded down with burdens
uud exactions for the aggrandizement of a few,
they should share the unstinted favor of the
Government.
It is estimated by writers on public economy
that four fifths of the people of a nation are
employed by agriculture. Probably this esti-
mate is too large. Butit will be safe to say that
in our own country at least one half of those
engaged in industrial occupations aue employed
in agricultural pursuits ; and they contribute
to the gross value of national production three
billions two hundred and eighty-two million
dollars. The total number of those engaged
in manufactures, including railway service
and the fisheries, is seven hundred and thirty
thousand, and they produce in value nine han-
dled and forty million and fifty thousand dol-
lars. The estimated number of those engaged
in mechanical pursuits is one million^ yielding
a product of one thousand million dollars. If
we remember that the gross annual product
of the country is only six billions eight hun-
dred and twenty-five million dollars, and that,
according to careful official estimates, only
ten millions of our population are in receipt
of income, or, in other words, contribute any
thing to the increase of our aggregate wealth,
we shall see what a stupendous service is ren-
dered to the country by tho great industries
I have mentioned.
These are the vital interests of the nation ;
and instead of being crippled and discouraged
fey the policy to which 1 have referred, they
should be studiously fostered by just and equal
laws. • Under the influence of this policy mul-
titudes, stimulated by the hope of immediate
wealth, are abandoning productive pursuits,
and seeking employments connected with sosae
form of speculation or traffic. The population
of our great cities and towns, instead of reen-
forcing'tbfc "rural districts," is unduly in-
creasing; and so is the number of buildings
devoted to banking, brokerage, insurance, and
kindred projects. Not production, but traffic,
is the order of the day. The enhanced cost of
the instruments requisite for the prosecution
of industrial pursuits, and the higher price of
fuel, food, and clothing, naturally hinder the
accumulation of capital sufficient to enable the
man of small means to establish himself as
an independent producer. This necessarily
subordinates labor more and more to capital,
and concentrates the business of manufactur-
ing and exchanging into large establishments,
while working the destruction of thousands of
smaller ones.
Of course the tendency of all this is to render
the many dependent upon the few for the
means of their livelihood rather than upon
themselves, and "to divide society into two
classes; capitalists who own everything, and
hands who own nothing but depend entirely
on the capital class." That the policy of the
Government, to a fearful extent, evokes and
aggravates these evils can scarcely be ques-
tioned; and that that policy results from the
ugly fact that the laboring and producing
classes are unrepresented in the Government,
save bv the non-producers and traffickers is,
I think, equally clear. It illustrates the evils
of class legislation, and calls on the people
to apply the remedy. " The unproductives,"
says Commissioner Wells, "being the chief
makers of the laws and institutions for the
protection of labor and ingenuity, the increase
of production and the exchange and transfer
of property,' they shape all their devices so
cunningly, and work them so cleverly, that
they, tho non-producers, continue to grow rich
faster than the producers. _ W hoever at this
day watches the subject and course of legis-
lation, and appreciates the spirit of the laws,
cannot fail to perceive how more and more
the idea of the transfer of the surplus product
of society, and the creation of facilitiesfor it,
available to the cunning and the quick as
against the dull and slow, has come to per-
vade the whole fabric of that which we call
Government; and how large a number of the
most progressive minds of the nation have been
led to accept as a fundamental truth in polit-
ical doctrine, that the best way to take care of
the many is to commence by taking care of
the few ; that all which is necessary to secure
the well-being ot the workman is to provide a
satisfactory rate of profit for liis employer.
Sir, I rejoice that facts like these are at last
making their do werful appeal to the productive
classes in every section of our country, and that
the workingmen of all civilised lands are wak-
ing up to a sense of their bondage to capital.
Were they to continue much longer to slumber
in the presence of the great dangers which
thicken about their future and threaten to swal-
low them up, I should despair of their eman-
cipation. The organized struggle for their
rights has fairly begun. Eight-hour agitations,
trades unions, cooperative movements, labor-
reform organizations, and the international as-
sociation of the workingmen, on both sides of
the Atlantic, in the maintenance of their rights,
arc so many unmistakable signs of a better
dispensation; but all these agencies will fail
of their purpose, or prove palliatives at best,
if they do not necessitate and include such
organized political action as shall compel the
governing power to respect their will. That
this action will make mistakes, and abuse its
power when obtained, is very probable. That
it will sometimes employ questionable metnods,
and suffer the mischiefs of bad leadership *pay
be taken for granted ; but that in the end it
will restore labor and capital to their just rel-
ative basis is as true as democracy itself. I he
labor question, indeed, is the natural suc-
cessor and logical sequence of the slavery
question. It is, in fact, the same question
in another form, since the practical ownership
of labor by capital necessarily involves the
ownership of the laborer himself.
But the subservience of our legislation to
individual and corporate wealth, and its prac-
tical unfriendliness to the producing classes,
are most strikingly exhibited in the land pol-
icy of the Government. In the endeavor to
make this proposition clear I ask preliminary
attention to the following considerations:.
First, that it is the unquestionable duty of
the Government to make its lands as productive
as possible. It has no right to hold back from
settlement and tillage vast tracts of territory
fitted for agriculture, which its own landless
citizens desire to convert into improved home-
steads and make tributary to the public wealth.
Such a policy is only less recreant than the
wholesale destruction by law of productive
wealth already drawn from the soil by the hand
of industry.
Second, that in order to secure homes for
the largest number, and at the same time
reach the maximum of production, the Govern-
ment should parcel out its lands in homesteads
of moderate size, and stimulate industry and
thrift by making the land-owner and t.he plow-
holder the same person. " A smallproprietor,"
says Adam Smith, " who knows every part of
his little territory, views it with all the affection
which property, especially small property, nat-
urally inspires, and who, upon that account,
takes pleasure not only in cultivating but adorn-
ing it, is generally, of all improvers, the most
industrious, the most intelligent, and the most
successful."
Third, that this policy supplies the strong-
est bond of Union between the citizen and the
State, and is absolutely necessary in a com-
monwealth. Feudalism and popular liberty
are totally irreconcilable. The strength of a
republic depends upon the virtue and intelli-
gence of each citizen, and his readiness to
defend it in time of danger ; and these safe-
guards are best secured by multiplying the
number of those who own and till the soil,
and whose stake in society thus makes sure
their allegiance.
Keeping in remembrance these fundamental
principles, which, from the beginning, should
have guided and inspired the Government in
the management of our vast public domain,
let me rapidly survey its actual policy, and
thus exhibit its fatal departure from these priu
ciples. The entire aggregate of lands sold by
the Government since its formation is over one
hundred and sixty million acres. Of this total
amount I believe it would be safe to estimate
that fully one half, at the date of its sale, passed
into the hands of non-resident owners for specu-
lative purposes. Of course, to whatever extent
the people's patrimony was thus looked up by
monopolists, productive wealth was hindered,
and settlers deprived of homes; and when,
from time to time, the lands were sold, the
enhanced price was a cruel wrong to the poor,
in which the Government was an equal part-
ner with the speculator, but without profit.
More than thirty million acres yet remain in
the hands of speculators, being enough to
make one hundred and eighty-seven thousand
five hundred homesteads, of one hundred and
sixty acres each. If these thirty millions had
been sold to actual settlers, and dedicated to
the raising of corn, wheat, and other products,
they would have been yielding, at the low esti-
mate of ten dollars per acre, an annual profit
of three hundred million dollars, while furnish-
ing homes for the multitudes who have been
driven to hunt them in the more distant front-
ier, and at the cost of greater privations and
dangers. This policy is thus seen to be as
financially stupid as it is flagrantly unjust. In
California two men own a frontage on the San
Joaquin river of forty miles in extent, while
two other speculators have bought Govern-
ment lands amounting to five hundred thou-
sand acres. I give these as specimen cases.
To realize the mischief of these monopolies it,
it should be remembered that the tracts thus
appropriated are to be found chiefly in the
valleys, and fringing the bays and rivers, and
are the choice lands of the State. Very intel-
ligent gentlemen in that State assure me that
but for this evil, reinforced by railway monop-
