(552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
under the preemption laws, built their cabins,
planted orchards and vineyards, and expended
some thousands of dollars in making them-
selves comfortable, while braving great hard-
ships agd privations in this remote and inac-
cessible region. California, however, having
accepted the grant, caused an ejectment to be
brought against these settlers, who appealed
for protection to the Legislature; and an act
was passed, subject to its ratification by Con-
gress, reserving to each of them one hundred
and sixty acres, including their improvements,
and reserving to the State the right to con-
struct bridges, avenues, and paths over the
preemptions, so that the public use of the valley
could not be obstructed.
Early in the present Congress a bill was
introduced in this body confirming the act
referred to, and thus redeeming the pledge ot'
the nation, embodied in the preemption law,
that their homes should bo secured to them
on compliance with its prescribed conditions.
They were the only preemptors in the valley,
and the simple, naked question presented by
the bill was whether the Government would
maintain its plighted faith. The nation recog-
nizes the sacredness of contracts. It will not
allow any law to be passed impairing their
obligation, and as between individuals com-
pels their performance. Should it then delib-
erately violate its own contract with these
pioneers, and thus proclaim its faithlessness
to all settlers? The House of Representatives,
on the 2d day of hist July, answered this
question in the alhruuiJive. By its recorded
vote of one hundred and seven against thirty-
one, it declared that Hutchings and Lair.on
should bo driven from their homes; and I
must say that I know of no volo since the
passage of the fugitive slave act of 1850 which
calls more loudly for general and unhesitating
reprobation. It insults our hardy pioneers,
who have encountered wild beasts and the
scalping-knii'e of the Indian in exploring oitr
distant borders and extending the march of
civilization, by telling them they are outlaws
on tlvs public domain.
It was said in the debate on this bill that
these settlers might start ''lager saloons, corn-
fields, and cow-yards" on their premises ; but
surely that fact, should it happen, ought not
to deprive them of their rights as settlers, nor
could il- possibly interfere with the public use
of a valley containing over thirty-six thousand
acres. Indeed, I think it might have been far
wiser to carve il up into small homesteads,
occupied by happy families, decorated by
orchards, gardens, and meadows, with a neat
little post town in their midst, and churches and
school-houses crowning all; but in any event
the claims of these settlers should have been
held sacred. 'The marvelous beauty of this
valley can have nothing whatever to do with
the right of preemption as a legal principle,
and is evidently used as a mere pretext. The
truth is, as I have reason to believe, that
wealthy capitalists in California, whose power
is sometimes felt in Washington, have their
eye on this valley. They are already a corpor-
ation in embryo for the purpose of obtaining
a long lease of it. and building a magnificent
hotel within its walls; and a part of their enter-
prise will probably be the construction of a
railroad, with Government aid, as near to the
valley as practicable. Their animating pur-
pose is to enrich themselves by levying tribute
upon gentlemen of elegant leisure, rich tour-
ists, and such others as can afford to endure
their exactions, while such plebeians as Hatch-
ings and Lamou will have to hunt other and less
aiistocratic pleasure-grounds. But whether I
&m right or not in these opinions, the defeat
of the bill referred to was a flagrant wrong to
these settlers. It was the complete miscar-
riage of justice. It can scarcely be necessary
to add that the same measure had been twice
reported adversely in the Senate, where it
found even less favor than in the House.
But I am very sorry to say, Mr. Speaker,
that the Federal judiciary has at last made
common cause with Congress against the rights
of our pioneer settlers. The case to which
I now refer arose between Whitney, a pre-
emptor of a quarter section of land included in
the famous Spanish grant known as the Soscol
Ranch, in California, and which the Supreme
Court ofthe United States had declared invalid,
and General Frisbie, a noted monopolist, who
claimed title to a portion of said ranch, in-
cluding Whitney's claim, under an act of Con-
gress passed chiefly through his agency. The
local land office in California decided the case
in favor of Frisbie ; but, on appeal to the Gen-
eral Land Office, Whitney's preemption was
sustained. Frisbie then prevailed on the Sec-
retary of the Interior to ask the opinion of the
Attorney General on the question of law in-
volved, which was the right of preemption, the
facts being admitted. The Attorney General
gave his opinion to the effect that a settler
under the preemption laws acquires no vested
interest in the land he occupies by virtue of his
settlement, and can acquire no such interest
till he lias taken all the legal steps necessary
to perfect an entrance in the Land Office, being
in the meantime a mere tenant at will, who
may be ejected by the Government at any mo-
ment in favor of another party. This opin-
ion being accepted as law by the Interior De-
partment, Whitney prosecuted liisclaim against
Frisbie in the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, which sustained his preemption as
valid. Frisbie thereupon appealed the' case to
the Supreme Court of the United States, which,
in March last, decided it in his favor, fully
ailirming the doctrine ofthe Attorney General
that settlers on the public lands under the pre-
emption laws have no tights which the Gov-
ernment is bound to respect.
Sir, a bad law may sometimes be explained
on the ground of haste, or surprise ; but here
we have the deliberate judgment of the high-
est court in the Union that where the preemp-
tion law invites settlers on to the public lands,
and offers them homes on certain prescribed
conditions, with which they are willing and
anxious to comply, the Government may write
itself down a liar before the nation by robbing
them of the lands they have selected, and the
money and labor expended upon them in good
faith. And this is the unanimous opinion of
the court. It totally ignores the strong and
pointed authorities which the whole country
has understood to have settled the law to the
contrary, and t}ie whole policy of the Govern-
ment during the past forty years; and who-
ever v/ill read it carefully in the light of the
facts of the case will find that it elaborately
pettifogs the cause of the monopolist from the
beginning to the end.
Sir, I brand it as the I)red Scott decision
uf the American pioneer. It threatens the
complete overthrow of the land policy of the
Government, and the establishment of the
vicious principle that settlers on the public
domain are more trespassers, with whom no
terms are to be kept. It arrays the Govern-
ment against the poor man in his hard struggle
for a home, and makes it the ally of monopo-
lists, who have at last heard their triumph pro-
claimed from the supreme bench. It strikes
at the nation's well-being, if not its life; for
we are largely indebted to the wisdom and
justice of our policy, as embodied in the pre
emption and homestead laws, for our marvel-
ous progress as a people, and for the place wo
hold among the sther nations of the world.
It signalizes the ugly epoch we have reached
in the domination of capital over labor, and
the danger which menaces the very principle
of democracy. It strikes at the honor of the
nation, which, as I have said elsewhere, can
as innocently repudiate the debt it incurred
in saving its own life as to violate its plighted
faith to our pioneers that they shall have homes
on the public domain on conditions which are
houestly accepted and complied with 011 their
part. They should bo the favorites of the
nation. The preemption law should not be
construed strictly against them, like a penal
statute, but liberally, in furtherance of the
great and manifest object. "The pioneer,"
says the President in his late message, " who
incurs the dangers and privations of a frontier
life, and thus aids in laying the foundation of
new Commonwealths, renders a signal service
to his country, and is entitled to its special
favor and protection."
Mr. Speaker, a distinguished Englishman
and well-known friend of English workingmen
who has recently been among us, took occasion
to exhort the workingmen of our own country
against the spirit of discontent, pointing them
to our cheap lands, our fair wages for work,
and the favorable condition of our poorer
classes generally, while deprecating any spe-
cial effort looking to their future welfare. Sir,
if he had duly considered the facts I have pre-
sented I am sure he would have tendered no
such counsel. Instructed by the state of affairs
in his own country, he would have warned us
against the very evils which make the social
condition of England so frightful a problem,
and which can only be averted here by sound-
ing the cry of danger, and laying hold of the
means of escape before it shall be too late.
True, the condition of the working people of
England and the United States is at present
very different. The old feudal system of Wil-
liam the Conqueror crushes England to-day.
The military features of the system, with the
royal prerogative, have disappeared, and three
fourths of her people are not now slaves, as
was the fact a few centuries ago; but the prin-
ciple of land monopoly inaugurated by that
system is more powerful for evil now than ever
before.
About the middle of the last century there
were three hundred and seventy-four thousand
land holders in England, while now she has
only thirty thousand. The number is still
decreasing. One half of her soil is owned by
one hundred and fifty persons, and nineteen
and a half millions of acres in. Scotland are
owned by twelve proprietors. These land-
owners have very properly been styled sover-
eign. They may consign a whole county to
the solitude of a deer forest, or clear a large
territory of its population as they would ex-
terminate vermin. Fifteen thousand people,
without any_ respect to age, sex, or condition,
and for no fault of their own, were turned out
of the Sutherland estates in the early part of
the present century. These things could not
have been done under the old feudal system.
Under that system the vassal, in return for his
services, had lands allotted to him. If the lord
had rights, they involved some correspond-
ing duties to the slave; but now the English
land-holder is more than a feudal lord, while
the poor have no feudal rights. The extinc-
tion of small free-holders, and the absorption
of the lands by a few, introduced pauperism,
which has steadily grown with the growth of
large estates. The poor have thus been driven
into the towns, and compelled to live in hovels,
dens, and garrets, just as the same consequences
followed in republican Rome when the patri-
cians seized the lands of the small free-holders
and drove their occupants into the capital.
Under the feudal system the lands supported
the poor and defrayed all the expenses of tho
State; butnow, while land in England is con-
stantly rising in value, and its tillage is so
greatly aided by steam-plows, threshing-ma-
chines, reapers, improved live stock, and in-
creased knowledge of the capabilities of the
soil, the land-owner escapes the burdens of
taxation, and imposes them upon the poor,
because he is the maker of the laws. This is
a sad picture, and it forcibly illustrates what
the Duke of Argyle says of the antagonism
between natural law and legislation. No one
can fail to agree with him when he says that
this antagonism "must be eliminated if legis-
lation is ever to be attended with permanent
success;" nor can any thoughtful Englishman
