44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
Ho. of Beps.
Revenue Beform—Mr. Asper.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
this question. We may get free coal: but as
to free salt I do not know that we can succeed.
We can, however, secure a reduction of the
duty on salt."
But, Mr. Speaker, I was, when interrupted,
referring to certain facts in connection with
this subject drawn from the history of the Eng-
lish Government. Free trade commenced in
England in 1841. The adjustment of impost
duties was such, after a number of years of ex-
perience, as to levy revenue only upon some
nineteen articles, such as coffee, tea, sugar,
to'oacco, spirits, Sec. In 1647, six years after
the change of policy, England consumed in her
cotton factories 26,379 bales. In 1858, eleven
years afterward, England consumed 53,639
bales of cotton, double the amount consumed
in 1847, with the fact standing patent before
the whole world that New England could take
her fabrics and sell them without the cost of
a cent of duty, and that France could go into
the English markets and sell side by side with
the English manufacturers without paying a
cent of duty. Notwithstanding these facts, we
find that the cotton manufacture doubled in a
period of eleven years.
Let me mention another fact. In 1854 Eng-
land exported £3 10s. 2d. sterling in value
for every inhabitant. In 1867 she exported
£6 0s. 9d. to the inhabitant. In 1854 Eng-
land imported £5 10s. 2d., in value to the
inhabitant, and in 1807 she imported £9 2s.
64. to the inhabitant. There was an increase,
therefore, of almost double in value of her
exports as well as her imports. The amount
of her exports, in gross, in 1854, was £115,-
821,092, sterling; in 1868 it was £225,835,088,
having doubled or nearly doubled in a period
of fourteen years. These facts I gather from
a report by Mr. Edward Ashwort.h, in the
Manchester Examiner. They show the won-
derful elasticity of trade under a policy free
from restrictions; and of course it cannot be
denied by any one that corresponding com-
fort came to her laboring people, as well as
increased activity in every line of business.
Now, then, as to wool, see what has been
the progress of the woolen manufacturing and
wool-growing of England. In 1841 England
imported 41,710,396 pounds of wool; in 1868
she imported 273,087,119 pounds. Her whole
production of wool in 1868 was 246.700,000
pounds. Her product and import of wool
during that period were together 519,787,119
pounds. But of this amount she exported
105,06c">,726 pounds; leaving a balance of
414,722,303 pounds, which England consumed
in that year. She thus doubled her whole
production of wool, showing that the liber-
ation of woolen goods from duty excited and
expanded her woolen manufactures, as well
as all other manufacturing. The home pro-
duction of wool alone increased 231,000,000
pounds.
Now, as to the price of wool, we have the
following facts:
" In 1841, the duty or price was 1M.; in 1861, wool
wasliee, puce from 13rf. to 14//.; ml863,21ki. to
in, 1SG9, iuV. to 17'^. Long wool, 20\d. for line. Pxices
are reported as remunerative. Free trade has not
killed off wool-growing."—illark Lane Express.
So that the farmer and wool-grower felt the
effects of an increased demand for his wool,
caused by an increased demand for free woolen
goods. The activity of trade was stimulated,
and the increased consumption showed in-
creased prosperity and increased capacity to
purchase among her own people.
Again, in 1841, England had over four hun-
dred thousand paupers, whom she fed at the
public expense. In 1868, she had only about
two hundred thousand, showing that pauper-
ism was dying out. She expended millions of
pounds every year, during the existence of her
high protective tariff, in the support of her
paupers and in the partial support of those
who required assistance, but who were not
public paupers. Now she is almost freed
from this expense. Her laborers are better
paid and better fed, and happiness and pros-
perity generally prevail. It seems to me that
these facts and this example are valuable to
us, and that we may well take a hint from the
course which England has pursued in this mat-
ter. And can we say that England is inter-
ested in a change in this direction ? Rather
she is interested to keep us from the markets
of the world with our manufactures by keep-
ing up high prices through protective duties.
In the days when the great contest went on
between Clay and Polk on protection, all the
protection orators were ready and willing to
refer to English example to enforce their
arguments for protection; and when she has
worked out a new policy, through the quiet
growth of years, by expansion and prosperity,
may we not refer to so bright a record and
example! And would it be wrong to follow
the example? Our system of government,
with our splendid system of jurisprudence,
has grown out of the experience and the his-
tory of other Governments, and principally
from England.
I think it is time that we should have a
change. I am willing to commence on Mon-
day next, and I am willing to vote for a sus-
pension of the rules on every occasion when
the rules can be suspended, until the end of
the session, in order that we may take up and
act upon some of the bills which are before the
Committee of the Whole or in the Committee
of Ways and Means. I am willing to vote for
free coal. I am willing to vote for free salt.
I am willing to approach a reduction in any
other direction where I can assist in taking a
step toward the reduction of the burdens upon
the great masses of the people of the country,
and to reduce the collection of the revenue
from as many to as few articles as possible
and at the least possible expense.
It seems to me that if we take this step, if
we will but commence this reform, the people
will take it up all over the w'estern country at
least. From the Alleghany ridge, in the East,
to the ridge of the Rocky mountains, in the
West, there is an agitation on this subject
through the country which will sweep every-
thing before it unless some progress is made
here in this direction. I am willing, so far as
I am concerned, to assist in taking that step.
And I appeal to my Republican friends in this
House, and say to them that, in my judgment,
it is necessary for them t.o step forward and
give some relief. You see from the figures
before you that something may be done in this
direction, and I warn you that unless some-
thing is done in that direction, unless we make
some progress in the direction of relief to the
masses of the people of the country, we must
expect to hear from them such a voice of
thunder addressed to us, their Representatives,
that we cannot choose but hear and under-
stand.
There must be some relief in this matter.
The farmer must be relieved. The laborer
must be relieved. The artisan, the mechanic
must be relieved. Prosperity then will dawn
upon the country. Your industries will be
diversified. Your farmer will be more pros-
perous ; and when the farmer, who is the
basis of the prosperity of the country, is pros-
perous, it seems to me that the whole country
will be prosperous also. We need not fear
that there will be any particular burden, which
is needful, resting upon the people to which
they will object. So far as the payment of,
the duties on tea and coffee is concerned, the
people will gladly pay them. We can raise
§75,000,000 from tea and coffee, sugar and
molasses, without creatiug heavy burdens. To
raise this sum would take less than thirty
cents per week from the head of a family of six,
and, with the revenue we can raise from spir-
its, tobacco and cigars, tropical fruits and
woods, from silk and the manufacture of
silks, the whole comprising less than thirty
articles, will give us $125,000,000, which, with
our excise revenue, will be all that we require.
This will liberate everything else, reduce the
expenses of collection many millions, and will
bring the needed relief to the people.
The following tabular statement will give
some idea of the amount paid in England upon
these items. This shows that we can readily
pay_$75,000,000 on these items without bur- ■
dening the people, if relief is given on other
articles of home manufacture :
Table F.—Statement shotting the importations of tea, coffee, and sugar into England, with
the revenue raised therefrom, and amount paid by each individual for the year 1869—average
from 1865 to 1869.
Articles.
Amount
consumed,
cwt.
Amount of
duty.
Rate of
duty—aver-
age rate.
Average
price per
cwt.
Population
of England.
Average
amount, of
duty con-
sumed by
each indi-
vidual of
population.
Average
revenue
paid by each
individual.
12,000,000
£8,000,000
12s.
31s.
32,000,000
40 lbs.
4?. 1<7.
96,000,000
6,000,000
Is.
Is. 5d.
32,000,000
3 lbs.
3s. 8<£.
35,000,000
500,000
0«. 3c?.
-
32,000,000
1 lb. 4 03.
-
These figures are taken from Mr. Levi's work on taxation, and aro roliable.
The duty should he so adjusted that it will
not retard importation or check the consump-
tion of those articles. They should be fixed
at such a rate as that importations will go on
and the annual rate of consumption continue.
In this way duties will be paid, revenue will be
supplied, the exchequer will be replenished,
and prosperity at the same time will come to
the great masses of the people. I do not be-
lieve that this change will injure a single inter-
est. The tendency is to aristocracy in this
country as in every other. But in a democracy,
in a republican Government, we, as the legis-
lators of the country, should not undertake to
encourage the growth of privileged classes. I
believe that certain interests in this country
have too many privileges. Protection gives
bounties to our manufacturers. Why, Mr.
Speaker, is there a Representative here who
would stand up in the face of the country and
before the world and move to levy a tax of
$336,000,000 upon the people as an additional
burden for the purpose of dispensing to the
different manufacturing interests of the country?
Who here so bold as to undertake to father
such a proposition as that? Is there a man in
this House who would do it? I think not.
Would it be politic, would it be reasonable,
would it be right, to levy a tax of $300,000,000
and dispense it among the manufacturing in-
terests of the country? I think not. Then
should we do it by indirection ? I answer no;
nor will I, for one, vote to grant by indirection
that which I would not do directly.
