1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
nounced monarchies of theOId World. We may not
pretend that the war of the rebellion is over and tho
supremacy of the Constitution of our fathers fully
reestablished till our Federal bonds are worth their
nominal value in gold. There is no surer sign of a
weakGovernmentthan adepreciatedcurrency. How
is it possible to celebrate the first centenary of our
political institutions as it should be celebrated with
the knowledge that the financial promises of our
Government are worth less than those of England or
Germany, or of any other Government that is con-
stitutionally distrustful of the popular sovereignty?
Fourth. If possible tho geological, mineralogical,
and botanical surveys of those States which yet lack
them should be made.
Fifth. An extra Federal census should be taken m
June, 1875, that its results may be ascertained and
published in time for the anniversary of 1876, unless
the same end would be served by the census taken
that year by the several States. The takers of the
census should be instructed specially to procure the
names and addresses of all citizens then living who
were born on or before July 4,1776.
In regard to the celebration itself, it is important
that it should take such a direction as would involve
the massing the people as little as possible. To con-
centrate the ceremonies or entertainments of the
day too much at any one point might raise trouble-
some questions about the place for such concentra-
tion. Then it would necessarily occur at a season of
the year when all large gatherings in our climate are
attended with considerable danger. But if the place
and season could be freed from every objection, such
a gathering would fail, in our populous country, of
gratifying the curiosity except of a very limited
number. The last presidential inauguration ball
at Washington ought to put an end forever to all
attempts to hold national assemblies in the United
States, except by delegation, or for military purposes,
and under military discipline. If there is anything
worth seeing on such occasions the crowd is sure to
be too great for any one to see it profitably or even
in safety.
By the aid of the telegraph and the press, how-
ever, under such organization as may be given them,
the extremities of the, nation may be put into elec-
tric communication with its heart, and the spirit of
whatever manifestation may be resolved upon com-
municated to every citizen of the Republic, with
Jess trouble and inconvenience than if it were in his
power to be an eye or ear witness of them. ^
Though I cannot presume to have thoughts all
or even of the most appropriate ways of commemo-
rating the approaching centennial of 1876, yet I will
name a few that have occurred to me to show the
general character with which I think the memorial
exercises of that occasion should be impressed.
First, At least one complete set of gold or silver
current coins, with new devices commemorative of
the day, should be struck off at the Mint for every
citizen of the United States able and willing to pay
for it. ,
Second. One of the eminent poets of our land, or
all, should be invited to sing in enduring verse our
national farewell to the departing century.
Third. Every art should be laid-under contribu-
tion for some appropriate memorial of the degree of
excellence to which such art shall have attained, ana
with which it will begin the succeeding century.
Fourth. Foreign nations might be invited to par-
ticipate in the celebration in such way as should
seem most fitting. At least the opportunity couia
be offered them of sendingor withholding their con-
gratulations upon the occasion, and thereby show-
ing in what estimation we as a nation will be held
abroad, and the nature of our relations with therest
of the world at that period. In a note which M.
Guizot wrote on the 21st of June, 1863, in acknowl-
edgment of a book I had written about the United
States and sent him, he made this remark, which,
though certainly never intended for such a purpose,
always impressed me like a reproach:
"Personne ned6plore plus vivement que moi la
guerre civile qui desole votre patne, et ne lait plus
de vceux pour qu'el le r edevienne vraiment les iUats-
Unis d'Am^rique. Coseraitun grand malheuretune
grande honte pour rhumanit6 que la sagesse et ia
vertu de Washington, et de sa generation, n eussent
pas r6ussi & assure^ au gouvernement qu eiles out
i'ondS un si&cie de vie." . .
The dark cloud which was then discharging its
wrath upon our country has passed away, and tbe
prospect is more than fair that humanity that is, tne
American portion of it—will be spared the shame
with which seven years ago M. Guizot was disposed
in advance to reproach her. It may be pleasing to
him if, as all the world hopes, his valuable liie snail
be spared so long, and to many other eminent men
in Europe, to have so excellent an opportunity ol
saying how far they then think the successive gener-
ations of American republicans, and especially tne
last, have proved worthy of their political heritage.
Fifth. It is to be hoped and presumed that by l <b
no portion of the continent of America will bo in
colonial dependence upon any foreign Power, out
that we shall constitute one compact family ol mac-
pendent States under such form of government as
shall best suit the people living under them, and all
in friendly alliance with the United btates. iNo
better opportunity, perhaps, than that could be
selected for holding an American Congress lor set-
tling many grave international questions which
Europe seems too distracted by conflicting interests
and jealousies ever to decide. .
Sixth. Competent persons should be invited to
prepare a series of histories by which to measure
the progress and product of civilization m the
United States for the expiring century.
Promin-enfc in this category, if executed in sea-
son, would rank a book which Mr. Seward told me
some two years ago he was meditating, and which
he described as a "History of theObligations of the
World to America," and for which, in part, his
recent travels in Mexico and on the Pacific coast
were undertaken.
2. A statistical history of our postal service, from
the days of Postmaster Franklin.
3. A like history of telegraphy, in all its varieties,
in the United States.
4. A like history of the progress of art, industry,
and invention, including the disclosures of the Patent
Office.
5. A like history of emigration to the United States,
and its distribution. , . .
6. A like history of the agriculture, and, incident-
ally, of the rate of increase of land under culture,
and of the disappearance of growing timber.
7. A like history of mining, and of the progress
made in the development of mineral wealth.
8. A statistical history of military and naval inven-
tions. discoveries, and achievements.
9. A statistical history of manufactures of all
kinds. , , ,
10. A statistical history of education and educa-
tional institutions, and, incidentally, of the honor-
ary and financial remuneration of iBStructors.
11. A like history of religious and ecclesiastical
institutes and the compensation of the clergy.
12. A like history of the natural sciences, their
progress, and the progressive means provided for
their culture. , , _ .
13. Alike history of the progress of wealth and
the financial vicissitudes of the country.
14. A like history of the fine arts.
15. A like history of literature and typography.
16. A like history of the press. .
17. A like history of the public chanties, and, inci-
dentally, a classification of the poor and infirm who
depend upon them. •
18. A like history of the organization and growth
of the different States, in so far as they are not
treated of under any of the preceding categories.
19. Of the municipal. State, and Federal systems
of political representation, and the changes which
they may have respectively undergone.
20. An account of what is memorable in the cele-
brations of the various anniversaries of American
independence from the commencement.
21. O^ political economy, and, incidentally, of
labor, free and servile, and wages. The science of
political economy may be said to have been born
with our independence, for Adam Smith s Wealth
of Nations was not yet a year old.
22. Of law, as a profession, and of our systems oi
judicial procedure as ameans of security for life and
property. .
23. Of medieino, as a profession, and its effects
upon longevity. This will furnish an excellent occa-
sion for summing up the advantages or disadvan-
tages which the world has experienced from Jenner s
famous discovery of the propnylactic efficacy of vac-
cination, which .was made the same year that we
proclaimed ourselves, as a people, free and inde-
pendent, and which therefore, in 1876, will have been
on trial just a century.
24. Of commerce and navigation, domestic and for-
eign, ocean and river, and, incidentally, of marine
and naval architecture. .
25. Of changes and ameliorations in the social con-
dition and nourishment of the people of the United
States. , , ,
26. Of the aborigines and the changes they have
undergone. , , . _ ...
27. Of the climatic and meteorological revolutions
and changes of the century on pur continent.
Seventh. A national museum, to be perpetually
associated, both by name and purpose, with this
anniversary. The edifice might be dedicated or its
corner-stone laid on that occasion, and when ready
be made the repository of such works of art com-
memorative of the event as proved worthy of its
hospitality, and specimens of everything Printed in
the United States during the years l</6 and lSib, and
of all memorials of that day in each of the interven-
ing years that needed and deserved such a shelter.
This should be the nucleus of a national repository,
in modest imitation  f the museums of the Vatican
and the Louvre, and the British Museum m Lon-
^^iiavo here given you some of the modes in which
this august centenary may most durably and credit-
ably express the sentiments with which it should
inspire the nation, without pretending that all these
methods are practicable or that any of them are the
best. What I am most solicitous about is that the
subject be taken into immediate consideration and
no time be lost, for there is none to spare, m making
suitable preparations to welcome what cannot but
be regarded, when it arrives, as the most memorable
anniversary of our history.
I remain, my dear Senator, BIGELOW
Hob. Roscoe Conkling,
United States Senate, Washington.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Indian appropria-
tion bill, the unfinished business of yesterday,
is before the Senate. _
Mr. CAMERON. Before that is taken up
I desire to say to the Senate that I hope they
will allow me to bring up this bill to-morrow
again after the morning business is done. The
Senate will see that the time to-day has been
consumed by no act of minf, and I trust the
bill will be allowed to come up to-morrow at
the same time that it was this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania gives notice 
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested by sev-
eral Senators to ask that the bill be proceeded
with now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To do that will
require the passing over of the Indian appro-
priation bill informally. Is there objection to
that?
Mr. HARLAN. I feel compelled to object.
There is no member of tbis body wliom it
would give me more pleasure to oblige than
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania;
but there are only eight or nine days of the
session left, and but one of the general appro-
priation bills has been passed in this body,
with a great many amendments, which will
carry it to the other House, so that it cannot
be considered as finally passed yet. I there-
fore give notice that I shall insist that the
Senate proceed with this appropriation bill
until it be disposed of, to the exclusion of
everything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa objects to informally passing over the
unfinished business. Therefore, to accomplish
the object of the Senator from Pennsylvania
will require a motion to postpone the unfinished
business.
Mr. CAMERON. I will not make that
motion now; but I propose that I be allowed
to bring up this bill again to-morrow morning
after the morning business is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent that lie
be allowed to call up the bill to-morrow at the
close of the morning business as was done
to-day. Is there objection ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It appears to me, from
what I can learn, that this bill is going to elicit
a very elaborate discussion; and it is rather
too much to ask that every morning hour shall
be taken up with a bill of this description. I
should like to accommodate the Senator frocj
Pennsylvania if I could.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Oregon that I think there will
be no discussion except that made by the Sen-
ator from New York; and as he has occupied
half an hour to-day, I trust he will not occupy
the whole of the half hour to-morrow. Ho
will hardly be so unreasonable as that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall not object, so far
as I am concerned.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust there will be no
objection to an order that this bill shall come
up to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to granting unanimous consent to call
up this bill to-morrow morning at the expira-
tion of the morning business?
Mr. CONKLING. I think that ought not to
be. I am entirely truthful when 1 say to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that I do not wish to
interpose for mere purposes of delay. 1 will
be equally frank with him and say that I do
not intend to have this bill passed until it is
properly considered, if I can prevent it. Now,
in the morning hour, where it a quarter of au
hour is occupied in reading a paper it is thought
an undue delay, there is no such opportunity
for consideration as there should b_p. I shall
insist at all times that this thing, if done at
all, ought to be properly done, and not hastily
done in the interest of any locality.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not in the interest
of %ny locality that I push this bill, and I give
notice to the Senator from New York now that
I will stand by the bill until it is brought to a
vote on its final passage. He may object every
morning if he chooses when I make the motion
to take it up ; but I will carry the "bill to a vote
before we leave this city of Washington.
Mr. COLE. I insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regularorder
is the unfinished business of yesterday, being
the Indian appropriation bill.
