46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
Ho. of Reps.
Bank in the Navy—Mr. Stevens.
41st Cons 3d Sess.
Without rank they are nothing; with rank
they are superior to all that do not share in
its full enjoyment. They are taught to be-
lieve that it would be a disgrace to share that
rank with those who come into the military
service from the professions and skilled occu-
pations of civil life. They are taught that a
sailing ship alone can properly educate the
sailor, and that steam and steam machinery
are innovations costly and unprofessional, and
to be tolerated only as a matter of necessity.
They listen to the honorable Secretary of the
Navy when he tells them—
" That lounging the watches of a steamer or act-
ing as fireman and coal-heaver will not produce in
a seaman that combination of boldness, strength,
and skill which characterized the American sailor
of' the elder day; and the habitual exercise by an
officer of a command, the execution of which is not
tinder his own eye, is a poor substitute for the school
of observation, promptness, and command found
only on the deck of a sailing vessel."
So it is when the cadet comes out from the
school of Annapolis he is found, even in the
early stages of his professional life, the trained
antagonist, sometimes socially and always pro-
fessionally, of his brother officer of the staff.
He assumes his place in the official corps of
the Navy with a sneer at the surgeon or the
engineer, who has been educated in civil life,
and whom he has been taught to call a " civ-
ilian," or "non-combatant," though he may
be in all respects except rank his equal or
superior, a first-class man in all particulars
save in artificial distinction, a man of the
highest skill, capacity, and intelligence; such
a man as is recognized and appreciated every-
where, and, in all military organizations except
the American TN'avy, accorded rank commen-
surate with his age, accomplishments, and
responsibilities. Thus the line officer, quite
naturally, and perhaps in some instances un-
consciously, as he ascends step by step to the
higher grades which, during and since the war,
have been so liberally bestowed upon his corps,
carries with him the spirit of military domina-
tion crystalized into a professional and social
aristocracy.
Now, Mr. Speaker, you may tell me that
this is the spirit and the tendency of all
military education. I admit it. Observation
shows it, history teaches it, the world has
come long since to acknowledge it, govern-
ments. in the progress of human affairs, have
been called to observe and deal with it. • It is
the question we are dealing with to-day. It is
a question which this Government has hereto-
fore grappled with, and in its Army has modi-
fied and restrained, placing the official corps
of that branch of the service upon a footing at
ouee just, practical, and American. How has
it been done? By the legislation of Congress.
Such evils, sir, seldom cure themselves. They
need the pruning-knife of legislation. Power
and authority seldom of their own accord
relinquish their hold upon any organization,
especially a military one. Every liberal Gov-
ernment has found that out and, with a single
exception, applied the remedy ; and that excep-
tion involves the Navy of the United States.
Let me he just, sir. Congress has inaugu-
rated this restraining and remedial policy in
regard to our Navy. The Department has at
times been found in sympathy with this policy,
but it has been largely thwarted by the influ-
ence and activity of the officers of the line ; and
now Congress is called upon to complete the
work. There is only one way that it can be
done, and that is by law.
The Navy is a military organization, with an
official body, consisting of line and staff. The
latter as.k Congress to give them the recogni-
tion of fixed, definite, and positive rank, with-
out enhanced command, thus placing them on
the same relative footing with the staff of the
Army. That is their prayer.
LINE ASD STAFF.
In order to understand quite distinctly a
military organization, as it respects line and
staff, I beg leave to call the attention of the
House to the definition which has been given
by the distinguished General of the Army in
his annual report of 1870. Under the head
of "Staff of the Army," he says:
"This term applies to those officers and men who
administer to the wants of every military establish-
ment, and are in our service classified as adjutant
generals, inspector generals, Bureau of Military
Justice, quartermasters, commissaries, surgeons,
paymaster's and ordnance departments, corps of
engineers, chief signal officers, and post chap-
lains. The names imply their respective duties, and
the organic law of I860 limits and prescribes their
number."
From this high authority we learn with pre-
cision what symmetrical military organization
is in its official relations of line and staff.
In the Navy the staff departments are rep-
resented by surgeons, paymasters, and engi-
neers; and it is proposed by the bill to add
chaplains, constructors, and professors of math-
ematics. In general terms the line consists
of the officers who have command, from Admi-
ral to midshipman. The intensity of the pend-
ing controversy is largely due to the attempt,
on the part of the line, to abolish the distinc-
tion of line and staff in the Navy; to obliterate
the latter as a distinctive part of its organiza-
tion, and to arrogate to the line by legal enact-
ment the entire prestige, representation, and
power of its official classes. Within the past
two years the attempt has been made to give
the sanction of law to this ambitious scheme.
In a bill which passed the Senate, known as
the " Grimes bill," and which was strongly
urged upon your committee a year since by
Vice Admiral Porter, there was a provision
to the effect that hereafter the designation of
staff corps should not be used in the Navy,
and the new book of regulations carefully
ignores the distinction. While abolishing the
staff as a distinctive part of the Navy, in order
to capture and hold in the grasp of the line
the entire power and control of the service,
the "Grimes bill" provided also for a "board
of survey," to consist of three line officers,
"not below the rank of rear admiral," to
whom the Secretary of the Navy should be
subordinate and responsible, abolishing the
bureau system and throwing a military pro-
tectorate over the Department, Secretary and
all. This was an attempt on the part of the
line to place the Navy Department in " com-
mission," organizing something like the old
exploded board of English admiralty, con-
sisting of three officers of the navy, and
representing solely that portion which may be
called the sailing talent of our marine, which
was to take possession and control of the
Navy, and under whose direction and advice
it was to be organized, kept up, and adminis-
tered, while the Secretary of the Navy was
substantially to be but a figure-head, set up for
the admiration of the gentlemen who were to
walk the quarter-deck, " monarchs of all they
survey." We once had such a commission as
that for a series of years. Fortunately, sir,
it was exploded, and another system substi-
tuted before our civil war broke out.
Now, this whole project of a board of sur-
vey was attacked, discussed, and exploded in
Congress in 1865. Yet the line officers, with
their usual disregard of the will of Congress,
except when its action tends to their advance-
ment, returned to their favorite scheme of
placing the Navy Department in commission,
and embodied their purpose in the "Grimes
bill." It may be profitable to recur to the con-
gressional history of the attempt in 1865. I
have only time to glance at it.
Theproject, substantially thatof the "Grimes
bill," was introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives by Mr. Winter Davis and into the
S.enate by Mr. Wade, in 18G5. In the discus-
sion of that bill, Senator Grimes denounced
the identical scheme that was subsequently
embodied in his bill, in the following lan-
guage :
"The amendment [of Mr. Wade,] means neither
more nor less than this, if it means anything: to put
the Naval Department into commission, to i>ut it
into leading strings, to put it in the control of somo
line officers who have been for a long- time in the
service; or else it means to furnish to the Naval De-
partment a subterfuge by which it can at all times
avoid responsibility. Either it means to give the
control of the Navy Department to these commis-
sioners, or else the effect will be to furnish the
Secretary of the Navy the means in the future of
avoiding all responsibility for bis nets by thrusting
everything off upon this board of commissioners.
Do you wish to divide responsibility thu3? Do you
wish to give the Secretary of the Navy an opportun-
ity to shuffle off all responsibility for his acts upon
this board of irresponsible officers, who hold their
commissions by a life tenure? I surely do not.
" Yet, Mr. President, that will be the effect of this
amendment if adopted. That is the effect of the
British admiralty administration to-day. There is
nothing that the members of the naval profession in
England are so anxious to get rid of as their admi-
ralty system, after which this amendment is mod-
eled. They saw fit two hundred years ago to put
their office of lord high admiral into commission,
and it is now wielded by just about such a board as
the Senator has proposed to create here. And what
is the result of it? Precisely the result that I predict
will follow here. A British writer on the admiralty
administration says:
is unnecessary to insist at any length on the
evil of divided councils, which must often ocGur
among six persons brought together by the chapter
of accidents, without previous knowledge of each
other's views, and in fact the admiralty often rep-
resents nothing so completely as the endless diver-
sity of opinious which prevail among naval officers,
a diversity which, on the other hand, is partly ac-
counted for by the absence of any standard course
of policy to be discovered in the conduct of succes-
sive naval administrations.'
' 'And he says, further:
"'With respect to naval officers the case is not
more encouraging, for the only one subject on which
there is general agreement among them is the utter
hopelessness of any good resultarisingfrom a system
which is felt to hang like a blight ovev the navy.'
"That is a navy board, which the Senator from
Ohio would induee the American Senate to adopt
and incorporate into our system. Sir Charles Napier,
a great naval authority, says:
Believing, as I do, that no permanent good can
be done for the service until the board of admiralty
is abolished, I shall point out what appears to me
would be the bestmodeof ruling the navy, although
that step has not been taken.'
"Sir George Cockburn has said :
"4 Having filled the station of confidential or prin-
cipal sea lord of the admiralty for more than seven-
teen years, I feel that my opinion regarding the
constitution of the board may sooner or later be
deemed worthy of consideration and attention. I
am induced, therefore, to place in writing the decis-
ions to which my experience has brought me on this
point.
"'I have no hesitation in stating that I consider
the present establishment of that board to be the
most unsatisfactory and least efficient for its pur-
pose that, could have been devised.'
"Mr. President, if you adopt this scheme for a
board of admiralty, one or two things will follow,
either the appointments that will be made under it
will be made by the President of the United States
upon the suggestion of the Secretary of the Navy,
and therefore you will have no more nor less than
the tools, the pets, or the friends of the Secretary
of the Navy lo compose it, or the appointments
will be made independently of him and will be an-
tagonistic to him, and thus you will secure divided
councils. Which of the horns of that dilemma will
the Senate prefer ? Suppose that a new Secretary
of the Navy should come into office on the 4th of
March, will not the President detail or appoint for
his associates in this board men whom he will desig-
nate. with whom he is familiar, and with whom he
is willing to cooperate? Or, if the present Secre-
tary shall be continued, do you suppose the Presi-
dent will select men whom Mr. Welles will not de-
sire to unite in his councils? If they are not thus
appointed, if the President does not regard the
wishes of the Secretary, as I suppose he will, he will
select men who are in opposition and in hostility
to him, and in that case how will the Navy Depart-
ment bo conducted? You will have such contusion
as no exeoutive office in this Government was ever
yet cursed with.
" Mr. President, I trust that it is hardly necessary
for mc to say anything moro this evening in opposi-
tion to the adoption of this amendment. I believe
that a more disastrous measure for the Navy could
not be devised. I know that there are some officers
who are m favor of it. I am tolerably familiar with
the sentiment of the Navy, and while some of the
older officers who have spoken with me, and otheis
who have not spoken with me with whom I am
acquainted, are in favor of it, I know that the bono
and sinew, the heart and the muscle, of the Navy,
trie men who do tho labor and who are destined to
do it, the men in mature life, and from that down to
the young passed midshipmen, are utteily and wholly
hostile to it.
