1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
troops which are to be called out shall provide
their horses, equipments, and provisions at
their own expense.
Mr. DEGENER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him right here? I will be very
willing to reply to the questions of the gentle-
man when I reach that point.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. I wanted
to know how these men can be required to
support their own horses?
Mr. DEGENER. • If the gentleman will be
kind enough to listen to my remarks I will give
him information as long as his patience lasts
when I reach the bill itself. I am now speaking
of the title in justification of the word "better."
I will adduce further evidence that our com-
plaints are not an exaggeration. It will be
readily conceded that when people resolve to
pay money for the remedy of an evil it may be
assumed that the mischief has actually been
committed. The Legislature ofTexasfurnished
this proof. Daring the last month of the second
session of this Congress I received a telegram
from the Texas senate inquiring into the con-
dition of the bill which we are now discussing.
It was then already manifest that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom the bill
was referred, could not get the floor before the
recess. I replied to that effect. Thereupon
both houses, with hardly a dissenting vote,
appropriated the sum of §750,000 for the
defense of our Indian frontier.
EXTENT OP INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
I see, from the official record of the senate
debate in Texas, that from the titne when the
Federal Government resumed possession of
Texas down to May, 187-0, two hundred and
sixty persons were killed, fifty-five wounded,
twelve carried into captivity ; and the property
stolen amounted in value to $1,824,235; and
all this in twelve counties only. Comparing
these records with those Ihave laid before you
I find but one county included in both lists.
This shows the fearful aggregate of over four
hundred human casualties and a loss of over
two million dollars in not more than twenty-
two counties. There are, however, more than
sixty organized counties exposed to Indian
raids, not counting the extremest northwestern
territory, which has as yet no county organiza-
tion.
But, sir, I will top the climax. I call your
attention to a book in the hands of every Rep
resentative on this floor. I allude to the annual
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to the Secretary of the Interior for the year
1870. See page 254, what Mr. Enoch Hoag,
superintendent of Indian affairs, writes from
Lawrence. Kansas, under date August 10,
1870:
" The principal troubles from the Indians of this
superintendency have arisen from the Kiowas, Co-
manches, and Apaehes, who have never ceased their
raids into Texas and. New Mexico. These Indians
assert their right to roam at will in Texas, they hav-
ing been driven from their hunting-grounds in tha.t
State by superior force, and never haying relin-
quished their rights thereto. Until this claim to
Texas soil, founded on justice or otherwise, is ami-
cably settled, we may expect a continuation of these
raids on the one hand and retaliation on the other,
in the future as in the past."
Head further a letter of the Indian agent,
Mr. Laur ieTatum, dated August 12, 1870, from
Fort Sill, page 260 to 205, but especially the
following:
41 At the annual 'medicine dance,' vrhieii occurs
about the time the cotton falls from the cottonwood
trees, the Kiowas, Apaehes, Cheyennes, and about
half of the Comanches concluded to remain on the
plains for a time and commit some depredations,
assigning four reasons therefor: first, because they
got so few annuity goods Inst fall; second, because so
many of the'm got sick and died here last summer and
fall; third, because they are not allowed to purchase
ammunition; fourth, dividing the land into reserva-
tions instead of having all the Indian country in com-
mon, and liberty to roam and hunt over it at will.
They commenced their depredations in Texas soon
after the dance, and have continued, at frequent in-
tervals and various poin ts, eversinee; have murdered
many persons there, taken several women and chil-
dren into captivity, and have stolen and destroyed a
large amount of property, and have caused the iron-
tier settlements of Texas to be withdrawn near one
hundred and fifty miles."
And again the following:
" While the Indians have an open market to sell
horses, many of them will steal them to supply the
market.
" I am told that in no case have the Kiowas ever
been required to return a horse or mule that they
had stolen. Black Eagle gave us the assurance that
all the Kiowas would be here in a few days, with the
mules stolen from the quartermaster; but instead of
coming in, nearly all the chiefs, with their young
men, went^ to Texas and made the most extensive
raid of the season.
"The Indians on the plains appear to be well sup-
plied with guns and ammunition. They report that
they got some of these from traders who go to their
camps from New Mexico, giving in exchange horses,
mules, and cattle stolen from Texas. They say these
Mexiean traders encourage tfeem to,stea l from Texas.
They sometimes take buffalo robes to New Mexico,
and sometimes to Chihuahua, in Mexico, to trade for
ammunition."
Listen to the report of General E. S. Par-
ker, the Indian Commissioner himself:
" Against the Kiowas and Comanches there is just
cause ot serious complaint, audi thick that severe
punishment should be meted out to them for the
crimes they have committed in theface of their sol-
emn treaty obligations and the forbearance and
kindness of the Government. They have been guilty
the past year of several murders and outrages in the
Indian territory, and even within the bounds of
their own reservation, and have raided time and
again into Texas, killing citizens thereof, capturing
women and children, and stealing stock; and have
set at defiance the military—audaciously inviting
them out to battlel The Indian Bureau is wholly
powerless to prevent these raids. The spirit that
prompts them is vicious and incorrigible, and should
be dealt with summarily. These Indians claim to
be friendly, and assign as a reason for their wicked
deeds and cruelty against the citizens of Texas that
the people thereof are notapartof theUnited States,
and hence they believe, so it is said, a war upon them
to be perfectly proper. In my judgment they know
better, and if they do not, such lessons should be
taught them as will effectually deter them from a
renewal of their crimes. I know of no way to check
this marauding spirit except to place all of them
under the control of the military power, until they
shall have learned to be friendly with all whites,
and shall have satisfactorily shown that they are de-
termined in good faith to keep their solemn promises
of peace, and to respect the persons and property of
all citizens. I would recommond the establishment
of a cordon of military posts on the line of the fron-
tier of Texas from the southern boundary of the
Chickasaw country westwardly, as f.i.r as may be
necessary to prevent their raiding into said State."
And Mr. Enoch Hoag is a man of peace, a
Quaker; so is Mr. Laurie Tatum. But Gen-
eral Parker, the Commissioner, is an Indian
of pure blood. Their testimony cannot be
doubted; and thus the discrepancy is solved
which it is suggested exists between the fron-
tiersmen and the advocates'of the peace pol-
icy. The latter speak of the civilized tribes
when they glorify in the results of their policy.
Against the blanket Indians, the wild hordes
of the plain, they are as bitter as we are our-
selves.
PREAMBLE OP THE BILL.
Having thus added constructive evidence to
the evidence in our hands, I will proceed to
show the reason why an army of three thou-
sand men, well disciplined, well armed, and
under the command of brave and efficient offi-
cers, was incapable of giving us protection
such as we have a right to demand from our
Government.
It is stated in the preamble of the bill that
the troops at the disposal of the general com-
manding the district are numerically inadequate
to the duties imposed 011 them. It is further
stated that the frontier posts are too far apart,
and that there is not cavalry enough. Let lis
see, sir, whether these statements are correct.
EXTENT OF OCR FEOXTIER.
Every American who has the slighest school
training knows that Texas, with its quarter of
a million square .miles, is by far the largest
State in the Union. There is, however, a dif-
ference between having the statistics of a State
at your fingers' ends andjealizing the number
of weary miles a traveler has to ride to encom-
pass so vast a territory. A correct impression
can only be reached by comparing distances
with the measurement of localities with which
you are more familiar. Let us apply this rule:
Texas is an irregular square. The two longest
sides are the western and the northern bound-
aries. The western line, from the mouth of
the Rio Grande to El Paso, in straight meas-
urement, without counting the meanderings of
the river, is about one thousand miles long, a
distance which corresponds with the length of
the Mississippi river from Cairo to the Balise.
Again, a line drawn from EI Paso over the
Staked Plain to Red river, and down this
stream to the southeast corner of the Indian
territory, is about the same length, a little
over one thousand miles, and corresponds
with the entire course of the Ohio river.
The territory inclosed between said two lines
of the Rio Grande and the northern boundary,
and, as the basis of the triangle, the segment
of a vast circle, drawn from the mouth of
Rio Grande to the southwest corner of Ark-
ansas, containing a belt from one hundred
and twenty to one hundred and fifty thou-
sand square miles, from fifty to six hundred
miles deep, is exposed to Indian depreda-
tions. It is a territory equal to one half of
Louisiana, the entire State of Mississippi, a
portion of Tennessee, almost the whole of
Kentucky, and a part of West Virginia; and
this territory the general commanding the fifth
military department is called upon to defend
with three thousand men, one half of whom are
infantry, against an enemy who does not march
with horse, dragoon, and baggage, with drum
and fife on the main road, but sneaks into the
country in squads of five and ten and two and
three ; an enemy who speaks the Spanish lan-
guage, and being of the same race as the Mexi-
can peon, may with the same impunity inspect
a camp of regulars as a genteel burglar can
present a cheek in a New York banking-house
and study the locality for a nocturnal visit.
THE REMEDY.
Hence the question arises, ITow can these
evils be obviated? The bill itself gives the
reply, by making three distinct proposals :
1. To establish a system of minute-men ;
2. To erect a telegraph line between the
fort, and headquarters ; and
3. To induce hostile tribes of the Kikapoo
and Lipan Indians to return to their reserva-
tions.
HIKCTE-MEN.
Far be it from me to question the bravery
of our soldiers or our gallant officers. Their
deeds of valor stand on record on the pages of
history. He who would doubt their manhood
would simply make himself ridiculous. But,
sir, Indian warfare is of an entirely different
character from war among civilized nations,
and the soldier must be trained accordingly.
The body must be educated to hardships of a
peculiar kind ; the senses must be sharpened
to their utmost capacity. A broken "twig, a
stone turned up, the flight of the bird, are
signs from whose correct construction depends
the security of life. A frontiersman must
understand the meaning of distant sounds ; he
must read the scarcely visible print as well on
the arid soil as on the dewy grass. All this
takes time much longer than our privates gen-
erally serve. It requires an early training of
the very child, far too small as yet to carry
arms. Thus frontiers men only can be expected
to do efficient service as flying corps, to keep
up communication between the regular forces.
(If the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Mc-
Cormick] will now listen to me I will answer
the question he addressed to me a few minutes
since.) It is therefore proposed to raise com-
panies of twenty to thirty men in each county
exposed to Indian depredations, of men who
live in the counties and have a personal inter-
est in the efficiency of their service. To avoid
a conflict between the authority of the State
and the national Governments, it is proposed
to place these citizen companies under the con-
trol of the military commander, who shall be
authorized, to call them into active service
whenever needed. Thus the objection 13 met
that the citizens might commence an aggres-
sive war. The general commanding 13 re-
sponsible to the Government that this citizen
protection may not interfere with the policy
