656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
favored by our Executive and the majority of
the national representation.
Provision is made that these minute-men be
paid every month. They are too poor to wait
until it suits the convenience of tlie paymasters
to make their circuit. The compensation is
such that it pays the citizens for their time,
but not high enough to serve as an induce-
ment to abandon a more profitable Qccupation.
The pay includes rations, forage, arms, and
horses, whereby the expensive paraphernalia
of the quartermaster's department and Army
transportation are avoided; unnecessary, be-
cause our horses live on grass and our men
have few wants.
The Indian raids are generally confined to
certain periods of the moon. Thus the ser-
vices of the minutemen will only be tempora-
rily required. Hence results a great saving
of expenditure. It is believed that not more
than fifty to seventy thousand dollars will be
necessary to have a force of one thousand ex-
perienced frontiers men always ready to respond
to the call of the general commanding. The
bill provides for $100,000, but it is hoped that
this will cover the expense far into the second
year.
I am fully aware that military men prefer
the service of regulars to that of citizen sol-
diers. It needed not my naturalization as an
American citizen to become aware of this fact.
It is the same all the world over. I would, on
that account, nut be surprised if an appropri-
ation for an extra regiment of regulars should
prove more acceptable to the War Department.
Though eventually I would vote for such an
appropriation if this bill should fail, I must
confess that the $100,000 asked in this bill
will, in my estimation, serve the desired pur-
poses better than §1,000,000 devoted to the
formation ot' a new regiment of regulars.
Both kinds of troops are needed to make
the service effective.
1 will here state that the proposed system
bears some similarity to one which has stood
the test of more than a century. 1 allude to
the frontier defense established on the south-
ern Hungarian boundary against the wild
Turkish tribes ; mountaineers as savage as our
Indians, with this addition, that religious
fanaticism enters into their hatred of their
Christian neighbors.
TKUiHK.U'irS.
The erection of a telegraph line connecting
the frontier posts among themselves, and from
a suitable point with the headquarters of the
commanding general, needs hardly any recom-
mendation. The advantages of a quick com-
munication with the forts in the neighborhood
of which Indians are trailed are so obvious
that I will only state that the outlay demanded
of £70,000 will, in a few years, be refunded by
the saving of the expense for horses killed and
foundered in the messenger service. I will
further add an illustration of the necessity of
quick communication.
About a month ago four hundred Indians,
from the Santa Rosas mountains in Mexico,
made a raid upon my district. The fact was
known in I'iedras Negras, on the Rio Grande,
that the Indians were moving in that direction.
Chiefs of the tribes in drunken mood bragged
about the booty and the scalps their young men
would bring home. Simultaneously an attack
was made over an extent of territory one hun-
dred and fifty miles long. Our Texas rangers
met the main body and drove them back. The
smaller parties, however, carried their plunder
off, and human lives were lost, certainly worth
more than the cost of erecting a telegraph, and
the butchery and plunder might have been pre-
vented if the country could have been alarmed
in due time.
MEXICAN' INDIANS. ,
Of stiil greater importance than the balance
of the bill is the sixth section, furnishing the
uir-uus to enable the Secretarj' of the Interior
to continue his negotiations with that portion
of the Kiekapoo and Li nan Indian tribes now
resident in Mexico, for the purpose of inducing
them to settle on the Indian reservations of the
United States. If tlTese negotiations should
prove successful it would strike the evil at the
root, for it is by these tribes that all the out-
rages of which the petitions laid before you
give an account were committed. These tribes
are, properly speaking, Texas and Kansas In-
dians, who left the reservations and moved into
Mexico more than twenty years ago; part of
them during our civil war. It is stated that an
unprovoked attack was made upon the latter by
confederate troops; that women and children
were killed, and thatohe flag of truce was not
respected. It is asserted, on that account, that
the present hostility of the tribes is from their
stand-point nothing but an act of justifiable
revenge.
For argument's sake I will concede this to
be true. But, sir, it is more; true that few of
the old warriors who escaped from the mas-
sacre are still alive. The greater number of
the Lipans were killed by the Kickapoos them-
selves in an engagement on the Sabine river
in Mexico; and the survivors carry on quite a
profitable trade with the Mexican citizens,
right under the face of the Mexican author-
ities, in horses and other stock, which they can
afford to sell cheap because they steal them
in the State of Texas. General Parker thus
expresses himself on the subject:
"A small appropriation was made at the last ses-
sion ot Congress tor the return of tho Kiekapoo and
other stray bands of Indians, now livins in tho
republic ot* Mexico, nut far from the southwestern
frontier of Texas, to their former homes in the
United States. The department will take such steps
as may be deemed most praetioablo for their early
return, and when this shall have been accomplished
there will be removed an^ evil of which tho citizens
of Texas living on tho ltio Gr.indo frontier have so
long ami justly complained. Perhaps tho most suit-
able home for these Indians can bo found in whatis
known us tho 'leased district/ west ot iho Chick-
asaw country, from about which section most of
them eniifriaLed to Mexico more than twenty years
ago. It will bo lieccssaiy, upon their being estab-
lished iu a new home, tor Congress to inako pro-
vision for their support, until they can be put in tho
way of sustaining themselves.''
It is a question of some importance, let the
proposed negotiations be successful or not,
whether eventually our Government could not
claim indemnification from the republic of
Mexico for losses inflicted upon our citizens
by a gang of robbers whom she harbors. But
1 will not complicate the present discussion
by matters which must come up at a future
period.
WHO APPROVES THU Bill-
It will be recollected that a bill essentially
similar to the present was offered by me dur-
ing the last session. This bill has formed a
topic of conversation in many a camp of front-
iersmen, and I have the satisfaction to state
that it met their approval. The executive
department of my State favors the bill; so
does the general commanding the district.
The President, who accorded me an audience
on the subject, expressed his approval, and
a letter of the Secretary of War to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs corroborates this
statement.
The amendments offered are in harmony
with the suggestions of the Secretary, and are
accepted by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
There being no political principle involved in
this entire question, but of justice only and
humanity toward our frontiersmen, I hope
that the bill will meet no opposition.
In conclusion let me say there is a fearful
eloquence, though mute, in a scalped man;
the ravings of a mother after a child carried off
by the red fiends would melt a heart of stone,
and the anguish of ft husband moaning over
an outraged wife must turn Christian charity
itself into an angel of revenge. Can it be
wondered at if we frontiersmen favor an
aggressive war—war to the knife—a war of
extermination? But, sir, we are law-abiding
citizens ; we know that we owe obedience to
the Government of this great Republic; we are
willing to bury tho hatcher,; but let the advo-
cates of the peace policy show their readiness '
to defend us. We trust that our appeal to
them may not be in vain.
TUB REPUBLICAN PARTY IN THE S0CTII.
Mr. McKENZIE, Mr. Speaker, I avail
myself of the present occasion to add some
remarks to those submitted to the House on
the 15th of December last, and to give some
of the reasons which induce me to a great
extent to cooperate with the Republican party,
of which I profess to be one of the humblest
members. I do so with a hope that some of
the party to which I formerly belonged may be
induced to look into the matter and consider
whether it is not for the best interest of Vir-
ginia, and all the southern States, that we
should be on friendly terras with the General
Government. Sir, that the Republican party
is not popular with the white population in
the southern States at the present time cannot
be denied, caused by the result of the late
war. Why should this be so ? Is it not time
that the prejudice and ill-will caused by that
disastrous struggle should come to an end,
and that harmony and good-feeling should
once more prevail? But, sir, the fierce, bit-
ter, vindictive policy of her politicians of the
dominant party in pursuing all those whose
convictions have forced them into the .ranks
of the Republican party is, to say the least of
it, a bad augury, looking to the accomplish-
ment of a result so much to be desired.
Sir, I regret the necessity which compels me
to remind you and the House of the well-
known fact that to be a Republican in Vir-
ginia, and, indeed, in any part of the South,
wilh so large a majority of the white popula-
tion against you, requires nerve and courage;
and it is needless to endeavor to conceal the
fact that it brings isolation and odium. Do
not the original CJniou men, now the Repub-
licans of Virginia, know that, with some few
honorable exceptions, their places of business
are passed by and preference invariably given
to those who have been engaged in behalf of
the "lost causeand, if they cannot be found,
''bomb-proofs" are patronized in their stead
in preference to Union men? Do we not see
the same feeling manifested in our churches?
But where favors are wanted, and the Union
men are under no obligations, a different rule
prevails. Nevertheless, all this (which those
who did not live in the South during the war
cannot comprehend, and do not believe even
when told) is true. But, sir, I am fully con-
vinced that the principles of the Republican
party should prevail, because it is the party of
progress, and is not embarrassed by a fear of
interfering with the exploded idea of a strict
construction of the Federal Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, with the downfall of slavery in
the South it was fondly to be hoped that much
of tho party feeling which often engendered
personal antipathy would only be remembered
as one of the historical events of the past.
And, sir, if my own State and the South expect
to keep pace with their sister States they will
have to abandon many of their old ideas of
State rights, and give their support to this
party of progress.
Sir, that principle of the old Whig party, a
liberal system of internal improvements by the
General Government, has been adopted and
carried out to a great extent by the Republican
party. That great enterprise, the Pacific rail-
road, almost belting the continent from east
to west, bringing us within easy range of our
extreme western frontier and of the markets
of China and Japan, was met in i'ts concep-
tion to a great extent by the opponents of thp
Republican party; and if this opposition coold
have availed itself of the cooperation of its
former friends and allies from Virginia and
the southern States, we should have had no
Union and Central Pacific railroads, and the
capital movers perhaps would have been much
stronger than they are at the present time.
And as to the complaints against the Repub-
