1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
lican party of squandering the public lands, I
do not see how this can be if they get double
price for each alternate section, and thereby
develop the hidden resources of the country,
which otherwise would perhaps lay dormant
for centuries.
Sir, in regard to the question of duties on
imports, there seems to be really no great dif-
ference of opinion between the two parties in
.this House. We saw this particularly exem-
plified at the last session. In States producing
articles interfered with by a reduction of the
tariff a great anxiety was manifested and ex-
hibited to keep up the duties. It did not make
much difference whether Democrats or Repub-
licans, they were anxious to protect their own
State interests; but, before the people, some
of them were out and out free-traders. Who
is so youngin this House that lie cannot remem-
ber the Polk and Dallas campaign? The ques-
tion, in~my opinion, is of easy solution. The
payment of a small portion of the public debt
annually, and the interest on the public debt,
and the payment of the pension-roll, the Army
and Navy, and the civil list, will require an
amount of means sufficient for all the protec-
tion needed for the industry of the country.
There need not, therefore, be much quarrel
about the tariff on the part of either party.
Mr. Speaker, the South will never be able,
in my judgment, to compete successfully with
the North in manufacturing to any great ex-
tent, although she will and ought to do some-
thing in that way to keep down the heavy
balances yearly against her for machinery and
all kinds of agricultural implements. She
ought to build all the locomotives and cars
required for her railroads ; but the immense
capital now embarked in the North in all
branches of industry must give them the con-
trol of the market. We are not so sharp,
do not watch thePatent Office so close, do not
keep such a close run upon the improvements
in Europe and adopt them so readily as they
do in the North. There may be a change,
however, in another generation. With the
finest climate in the world, rivers and harbors
unsurpassed, our mountains filled with an inex-
haustible supply of coal and minerals of all
descriptions, all they require is development,
which will surely come if our people will but
cultivate kindly relations with our sister States.
Let them do so, and thereby invite settlers
and capitalists from the northern and eastern
States to come among us and occupy our fer-
tile land and enjoy our magnificent climate.
Mr. Speaker, there has been some difference
of opinion in regard to the reconstruction pol-
icy of the Government. Sir, this was the
first rebellion, and it is to be heped it will be
the last. Therefore, great allowance ought to
be made for many things done thought to be
outside of the Constitution. That instrument
never contemplated a dissolution of the Union,
except by consent of all the States in conven-
tion. It was " we, the people of the United
States;'' not of Virginia, or South Carolina,
or Massachusetts, but all.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. McKENZIE. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does not the gentle-
man know that in the first draft of the Consti-
tution the idea which he repudiates was dis-
tinctly expressed? In other words, the Con-
stitution was expressly declared to be the act
of the several States, specifying each byname;
and the only reason why this language was not
retained was that in framing the Constitution
it was recognized as possible that some of the
States might not ratify the instrument. But,
though the enumeration of the States by name
was for this reason omitted, the meaning of
the language inserted was precisely the same
as that of the original draft. The phrase "peo-
ple of the United States" means the people
of the several States as much as if each State
were enumerated. The gentleman ought to
know this fact when he undertakes to expound
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 42
the meaning of the preamble of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. McKENZIE. I do not pretend to be
j so well versed as the gentleman from Penn-
! sylvania [Mr. Woodward] in constitutional
I law. I take the language of the Constitution
j as I find it now, a3 I found it in 1861, and as
it was adopted by the people. Finding in the
preamble the words "We, the people of the
United States," I apply to them a plain, prac-
tical, common-sense interpretation.
Mr. WOODWARD. That language, " We,
the people of the United States," means " We,
the people of the several thirteen States." just
as if they were all enumerated.
Mr. McKENZIE. I understand the gentle-
man's position; but I do not care to go into
the controversy which he would invite. The
language of the Constitution as it stands on
the face of the instrument may, I think, fairly
be assumed as indicating the interpretation
put upon it by the people whose approval gave
it binding authority.
It is not to be wondered at that mistakes
have been made. The best has been done
probably that could have been done under all
the circumstances. I therefore submit that
we shall act wisely by accepting the situation
in good faith and act accordingly. Sir, while
I do not believe that any party in the South
desires a restoration of slavery, yet it is due
to truth and justice to say that the Democratic
party of Virginia, who, when they want to trap
the Old Line Whigs, call themselves Conser-
vatives, have opposed every measure that has
been brought forward for securing to the col-
ored people their rights acquired under the
proclamation of the President of the United
States and the several acts of Congress, and
the constitutional amendments which have been
adopted. These gentlemen tell us that the col-
ored people are opposed to them politically;
that they vote with the Republican party. Why,
sir, is it strange that they should do so ? To
do otherwise would be the most suicidal policy
they could possibly adopt, as they owe all the
rights and privileges they now enjoy to the
Republican party. It is true they are courted
by Democrats, sometimes deceived; but they
possess in an eminent degree that trait of
character which causes them to remember their
friends.
In the State of Virginia, that boasts of the
nativity of Washington, Jefferson, Madison,
Marshall, and a host of other eminent men, it
was reserved to a period a few years before
the late war for the then Democratic Gov-
ernor of the State to recommend and the
Legislature to enact a law prescribing—
" That any person emancipated from slavery since
the 1st of May, 18U6, or claiming his right to freedom
under some ancestor emancipated since that day, or
any slave hereafter emancipated, or any descendant
of such, who shall remain in the State more than
one year after his right to freedom shall have ac-
crued, and more than one year next after lie shall
have arrived at the age of twenty-one years, shall,
on conviction thereof, forfeit his right to freedom,
and be adjudged to bo sold as a slavo for life."
It is true in some of the counties of the
State, such was the abhorrence of the magis-
trates to the execution of this law that it was
sometimes overlooked, and permission was
given by the county courts for them to remain
under surveillance.
Another act was passed March 28, 1881, by
the General Assembly of Virginia just as
odious, for the voluntary enslavement of free
negroes without compensation to the Common-
wealth, which provided that free persons of
color, rather than suffer the penalties of the
act adverted to, might petition the court of
competent jurisdiction that they might be
slaves perpetually to such persons as proposed
by the persons filing such petition. And this,
sir, was only two months before the war com-
menced ! Everybody was to be made a slave-
holder ; and thus the divine institution was to
be perpetuated forever.
Do you wonder, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that
I am a Republican, seeing before my eyes the
tendency of things and the great outrages that
were to have been perpetrated upon a down-
trodden and helpless race? And the Gen-
eral Government was acting but little better
toward them. Who does not remember with
shame the fugitive-slave act passed by Con-
gress? Who does not remember that the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or its Congress,
before the war, was willing to pass a bill
declaring that slavery should never be inter-
fered with in the States? And if it had not been
for some of the southern Senators itwould have
become a law. And thus the shackles of the
slave would have been fastened upon him for-
ever. But God, in His' providence, ordered
otherwise. The founders of this Government
looked upon the institution of slavery as a
temporary evil. The Democratic and State
rights parties of the South have been riveting
their chains ever since. They are now burst
asunder, and no more shall the foot of a slave
tread this continent.
Sir, let me relate an occurrence to which
my attention was called many years ago. A
distinguished gentleman from Ohio at that time
was Secretary of the Treasury; and to show the
tenderness of all parties, and the watchful care
of the southern men, the collector of the port
of Alexandria, Joseph Baches, esq., wrote to
the Secretary to know why it was he could
not issue American protections to colored sea-
men ; that they were issued prior to 1800, at
the port of Norfolk. A habit had grown up
in clearing vessels from southern ports, by the
county courts furnishing colored seamen with
certificates, in place of American protection, to
enable them to clear from the custom-house,
so that the law requiring two thirds Americans
should be complied with. These certificates
were no protection to the seamen in foreign
ports; no consul could recognize them as an
American protection. Sir, no reply was ever
received to that letter ; it was tender ground;
silence has prevailed ever since at the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. Speaker, let me tell you and the House
another thing. In my opinion, had not this
war come on no man holding moderate views
on the subject of slavery, or an anti-slavery
man, would have had any peace in Virginia.
Sir, a great deal was said previous to the war
in regard to the sectionalism of the election of
Mr. Lincoln, and that his election to the Pres-
idency of the United States was sufficient
cause for a dissolution of the Union. The
true cause, sir, in my opinion, of this rebel-
lion—-the rich man's war and the poor man's
fight—was this: every four years a gonven-
tion was to be held for a nomination for the
high office of President of the United States.
The fire-eaters of the South saw that they were
diminishing in the Electoral College, that if
they failed in securing a nomination they had
to put up with a simple Secretaryship and a
few clerkships; they saw that the North and
Northwest were growing all the time, while
they were diminishing. They imagined cotton
to be king. Views of a splendid confederacy
arose in their minds, furnishing offices for all
the great and small politicians of the South.
Leaving out the doctors, preachers, and the
lawyers, all the hard work was to have been
performed by the poor white men and negroes.
But in this, their determination, they were
most sadly and grievously disappointed.
Sir, referring again to the sectionalism of
Mr. Lincoln, had this party been successful
in their undertakings, do we not know that a
solid body of Democracy would have prevailed
from Virginia to Texas, equally sectional, and
an old'line Whig and Union man would have
been hopelessly uncomfortable if not totally
ruined? But, sir, slavery abolished has set the
old-line Whigs free as well as the slaves. Sir,
what, now, is the duty of this old Whig party
if not to cooperate with the Republicans and
colored people to obtain the ascendency in the
State ? Not to injure anybody, but to fraternize
with the General Government and endeavor to
