658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
bring about friendly relations. Have we not
a great deal to do—our rivers and harbors
to clean out? Who, sir, is not looking with
great interest for a report of the survey of
the James river and Kanawha canal, with an
expectation, if feasible, that the General Gov-
ernment will take hold of this great water-
line to unite the East and West, .bearing the
immense products of the mighty West without
incurring the rigor of a northwestern winter,
and which must do so much toward furnish-
ing a cheap transit for their heavy and immense
products? This work is worthy of the coop-
eration of the General Government, and will
do much to heal the dissensions now exist-
ing; and it is to be hoped that it will receive
favorable consideration.
Mr. STEVENSON. As I take a great inter-
est in that work, I would like to know the
present condition and prospect of the survey.
Mr. McKENZIE. I understand that its re-
sults will be before us very soon.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have felt,
bound to give some of the reasons why I am
a Republican and why 1 cannot be a Demo-
crat, or what is now in Virginia called a Con-
servative, which means Democrat of course.
In doing so 1 desire to say that my actions
long before the restoration of the State and
since I have had my seat in this House have
shown that I have no unkind feelings toward
the people of Virginia, but I have done every-
thing I could to ameliorate their condition, (and
shall continue to do so,) even when I have had
to differ with many Republicans. I want to
relieve all persons of their disabilities. I have
so voted on all occasions, and will so continue
to vote. But no member from Virginia has
addressed himself to occurrences previous to
and during the war, which in my opinion jus-
tifies me for the course 1 have taken, and which
ought to induce our old Whig friends calmly
to judge what course is best for them to pursue,
now to cooperate with the Republicans and help
to build up the waste places.
UOVKRNMB.NT FOR THIS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. LAWKENCE. Iproposetosubmitsome
remarks on the bill (S. No. 59-1) to provide
a government for the District of Columbia,
which passed the House on yesterday. I sought
to do so when the bill was before the House,
but the privilege was denied me, and debate
cut of}' by the previous question. The bill in-
volving alike the interests of this District and
of the Government and people of the United
States, was put through in two or three hours,
when, in my judgment, it ought to have occu-
pied as uiany days. For all practical purposes
it is now Useless to discuss it. I will therefore
not present all the objections I have to it, but
only some of the prominent ones, to justify
my opposition to it.
The Constitution of the United States de-
clares that Congress shall have power 1(to
exercise exclusive legislation in all cases what-
soever over" the District of Columbia. This
bill proposes to abdicate that exclusive power
and to surrender it to a body of men who may
have but very little care to exercise it in the
interests of the United States, and some of
whom may be elected with no purpose to exer-
cise in it the interests of loyalty. I do not
now mean to express a decided opinion on the
question made m argument by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoab] that this can-
not be constitutionally done, for the question
is one too serious and grave to be hastily de-
cided. I do say, however, that his argument
Las not been answered.
On turning to Farrar's Manual of the Con-
stitution I find he says.
"Exclusive legislation " is sole legislation, propria
virtus, not participated with another."—Section 892.
And again he says :
"The .civil divisions of the United States contem-
plated in the Constitution are called States, Ter-
ritories, governmental District, and forts, maga-
zines, arsenals, doek-yards, &c. Those last probably
could not be formed into States on account of the
unsuitableness of the materials and their location
within other States, and still more because a State
government would be inconsistent with the " exclu-
sive legislation" delegated to Congress; the govern-
ment District could not, because a btate government
would not only be inconsistent with the ''exclusive
legislation" of Congress but incompatible with
the purpose of the Constitution in authorizing the
cession."
I only refer to this to show that the question
presented ought to have received deliberate
consideration.
When the bill was under consideration I
sought an opportunity to offer amendments,
but that privilege was denied me by the inex-
orable previous question, which cuts off all
amendments and all debate. I appealed to
the gentleman having the bill in charge, but
all in vain. The bill proposes to create a
Legislative Assembly in the District of Colum-
bia, with a delegate in Congress and other
expensive officers to be paid out of the national
Treasury. The bill contains this provision:
Sec. 22. That it shall be the duty of said Legisla-
tive Assembly to maintain a system of free school-?
for the education of the youth of said District, and
all moneys raised by general taxation or arising from
donations by Congress, or from other sources, except
by bequest or devise, for school purposes, shall be
appropriated for the equal benefit of all the youths
of said District between certain ages, to be defined
by law.
Under this section there is no sufficient lim-
itation or restriction to secure the application
of school funds to the equal benefit of all the
youth who should enjoy its advantages. There
should have been an express provision to pre-
vent the school fund from being used to sup-
port sectarian schools, and to prevent its use
lor any specially favored class. The rights of
all youth should have been expressly secured,
without regard to race, color, sex, or previous
condition of servitude.
Another objection to the bill is that it will
impose enormous burdens on the national
Treasury for the benefit of the people of the
District of Columbia. It contains these pro-
visions :
Sec. 35. That there shall be a valuation taken in
the District of, Columbia of all property, personal
and real, including all property belonging to the
united States, except the public buildings, in sepa-
rate and distinct schedules, at least once in two years,
aod return thereof shall be made by the Governor to
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives on the first day of the session of
Congress held after such valuation shall be taken.
And it' valuations of said District shall be taken
ottener than once m two years return thereof shall
be made to Congress as aforesaid: Provided, That
all valuations of property belonging to the United
States shall be made by such perbons as the Secre-
tary of the Interiorshall appoint, and shall be made
upon the basis of valuation that shall be adopted in
making the assessment of the property of private
persons for taxation in said District.
Sec. 36. That there shall be appropriated each year, I
out ot the Treasury ©f the United States, the same |
percentage upon the assessed value of the property 1
o£ the United States within the District of Columbia 1
as other property-holders therein are taxed on their
real and personal property ; the money thus appro-
priated by the United States to be applied exclu-
sively m the manner specified in the acts making
sucu appropriations.
These were modified so as to exclude per-
sonal property of the Government from valu-
ation.
These provisions are especially objection-
able.
There is no other city or State in the Union
where Government property is taxed. Why shall
it be taxed in Washington when it cannot be
in New York or Cincinnati or San Francisco?
There is no city in the Union so favored by the
Government as this city of Washington ; there
is no city where taxes are so low. I have not
prepared statistics to show the millions lavished
from the national Treasury on this city and for
its people. But they are well understood here."
The people at large do not understand them
so well. The people of this District do not
levy or pay any taxes to support judges, courts,
jails, or any institutions for the blind, the deaf
and dumb, or the insane ; they do not pay the
police force of the city.
No, sir. My constituents and yours have
been taxed, and the money has been paid out
of the national Treasury to erect court-houses
in this District, to pay the judges of the courts,
to build jails and pay the marshal and his
deputies ; in short, to pay the expenses of the
administration of justice.
Your constituents and mine are taxed, and
the national Treasury pays the whole police
force of the city. All the Government build-
ings, parks, and other property is guarded by
day and by night by watchmen paid out of the
national Treasury, and they cost the city noth-.
ing. The charitable institutions for the care
of the deaf and dumb, the insane, the blind,
the reform school for juvenile offenders—all
these have been erected and supported, and are
now supported from the national Treasury.
Water-works for the cities of the District have
been erected with money from the national
Treasury at a cost of many millions, and then
turned over to the city, to charge the people for
the privilege of using them. Streets hgvebeen
improved, parks created and kept up for con-
venience and ornament in this city out of the
national Treasury.
For years Congress has provided for the sup-,
port of the poor of the city. ' And at last Con-
gress has voted annually contributions to sup-
port a lying-in hospital for this District. Against
all this I haveagain and again entered a respect-
ful protest. And now if additional burdens
shall be imposed on the whole people for the
benefit of a city where taxation is lighter than
in any city of the Union, the people will begin
to inquire who is responsible. I do not speak
of the millions expended for public buildings
here, because they are for the common ben-
efit of all the people; nor do I care to make
any special mention of the millions annually
brought and expended here by the people of
the whole country by reason of the location of
the Capitol and Departments of the Govern-
ment here. I am proud of this city as the seat
of Government, and I would not only be just
1 but I would be willing to be liberal to it. But
j now, in addition to all that has been done, to
[ give to citizens of this District a power to tax
the Government property here for the benefit
of the citizens and property here does seem
to me alike unprecedented and unjust. It
is a surrender by the .Representatives of the
people of the people's property to taxation
by a body of men not responsible to the whole
people. The taxes here, I venture to say, are
not now one third as heavy as in the great
cities and hi many smaller cities and villages
of the Union. Yet, under this bill, these taxes
will be reduced in their rate on private prop-
erty; because, however great may become the
expenditures for mere local purposes, in which
the Government has no interest, a large share
of all will be thrown upon the property of the
Government, and the people of the United
States must pay it. We can well imagine
how theGovernmentproperty will be appraised
for taxation by men interested in relieving
themselves from burdens and throwing them
on the public. Sir, no vote of mine shall
transfer additional burdens on my constituents
to relieve the already highly-favored citizens
of this District.
I object to this bill again, because it gives
no adequate security for good government in
this city. I had prepared and desired to offer
an amendment to it in these words :
And be it further enacted, That in the District of
Columbia every wife, child, parent, guardian, hus-
band, employer, or other person who shall beinjured
in person, property, means of support, or otherwise
by any intoxicated person, or by reason of the in-
toxioation oj any person, directly or indirectly, shall
have a right of action in his or herown name against
any person or persons who shall, by selling or giving
any intoxicating liquor, or otherwise, have caused
or contributed to such intoxication, or shall have
°r 111 the intoxication of such
pei son or persons; and in any such action the plnm-
tia shall have alright to recover past, prospective,
and exemplary damages.^ And the owner of, lessee,
n!- l~Il0r Persons renting or leasing any building
knowledge fiat intoxicating
liquors are to be so d therein, shall be liable, sever-
ally or jointly, with the person so selling or giving
intoxicating liquors, as aforesaid. And in every
fho v?i f-any7L u h"sband.general reputation of
the 1 elation of husband and wife shall be sufficient
