go
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
Ho. ©is Reps.
I
could have a tendency to retain in the service the
professional ability of those gentlemen who, by their
experience, knowledge, zeal, and humanity, ha,ve
procured the esteem and confidence of those with
whom they have been associated; and we also beg
leave to express our belief that no reasonable in-
ducements would be objected to by Congress to pro-
cure for those who are engaged in a perilous service,
and who are constantly exposed to the diseases of
all climates, the best medical aid which the country
affords. To effect this it mast be obvious that the
rank and pecuniary emolument ought to bear some
proportion to what gentlemen of-professional emi-
nence would be entitled in private life."
In December, 1816, four captains addressed
the Secretary of the Navy on the same subject.
They say:
*• We have heard with pleasure that it is the inten-
tion of the medical officers of the Navy to address a
respectful memorial to you, requesting thatineasures
might be taken by the Department to procure for
them a definite rank in the service, an increase of
ay, and the establishment bylaw of the rank of
ospital surgeon."
Secretary Upshur, in his report of Decem-
ber, 1841, calling attention to this question,
declared that—
14 The evils resulting from the want of a proper
naval code are of the most serious character, and
will, if not remedied, ultimately ruin the naval ser-
vice of our country. What can be expected of a
community of men living together under circum-
stances tendinsr to a constant excitement and collis-
ion, with no fixed laws to govern them, and where
even rank and station are imperfectly defined? The
Dccessary consequence of such a state of things must
bedisputes, contests, disorders, and confusion; some-
times unauthorized power will be assumed, and at
other times lawful authority will be disobeyed. It
is impossible that a wholesome discipline can pre-
vail in this uncurtain condition of official rank and
• authority."
Mr. Secretary Henshaw, in his annual report
of November, 1843, bore testimony to the jus-
tice and necessity of the principle in this
language:
"The medical department of the naval service
requires talent, education, and moral worth, properly
to fill it. of as high order as m other branches of that
service, but the surgeons and assistantsurgeons have
no military rank. A modification of the law. bywhich
medical officers in the naval service shall he entitled
to rank in a manner similar to that prescribed in the
Army, might be beneficially made."
In the following year Mr. Secretary Mason,
in his report, spoke of the anxiety felt by the
staff'of the Navy upon this question of rank,
declaring, as General Sherman has since, that
corresponding officers in the Army enjoyed it
•without detriment to the service, and urged a
consideration of the subject. Do you ask me
why these repeated recommendations and
urgent demands for justice were so long pro-
ducing the desired result? We may find the
answer in the fact that all peaceful reforms
are marked by gradual progress, and that jus-
tice, when it overcomes oppression without
violence, advances with slow though sure and
unfaltering step. At last, however, these re-
peated attempts succeeded, and Mr. Secretary
.Bancroft, on the 31st of August, 1846, during
the war with Mexico, recognized the claims
of the medical corps in the following order:
[General Order.]
Surgeons of the fleet, and surgeons of more than
twelve years will rank with commanders;
Surgeons of less than twelve years with lieuten-
ants;
Passed assistant surgeons next nfterlieutenants;
Assistant surgeons, not passed, next after mas-
ters.
Commanding and executive officers, of whatever
grade, when on duty, will take precedence over all
medical officers.
This order confers no authority to exercise mili-
tary command and no additional right to quarters.
GEORGE BANCROFT.
Navy Department, August 31,1846.
On the 27th of Mav, 1847, the following
order was issued, conferring rank upon the
pursers, (corresponding to the present corps
of paymasters:)
[General Order.]
Pursers of more than twelve years will rank with
commanders;
Rank in the Navy—Mr. Stevens.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Pursers of less than twelve years with lieuten-
an ts;
Pursers will rank with surgeons according to date
of commission;
Commanding and executive officers, of whatever
grade, when on duty, will take preccdence of all
pursers.
This order confers no authority to exercise mili-
tary command, and no additional right to quarters.
J. Y. MASON.
Navy Department, May 27,1847.
Both these orders were legalized by act of
Congress, approved August 5, 1854, and thus
commenced the first reforms in relation to this
important subject in the naval service.
Congress, by the act of March 3, 1859, con-
ferred rank upon the engineers as follows :
" Chief engineers of more than twelve years will
rank with commanders;
"Chief engineers of less than twelve years with
lieutenants;
"First assistant engineers next after lieutenants;
" Second assistant engineers next after masters;
44 Third assistant engineers with midshipmen."
And also enacted that—
" Commanding and executive officers, of whatever
grade, will take precedence over all engineer offi-
cers."
increase op lineal rank.
It is important to notice here the standing
of the line of the Navy at the time these orders
were legalized and the subsequentadvancement
in lineal rank during the war. In 1854 there
were but three grades in the line of the Navy,
namely : captain, commander, and lieutenant,
the title of commodore being one of courtesy
onlv, the rank being unrecognized by law. But,
by the act of July 16, 1802, Congress created for
the line of the Navy the additional grades
of rear admiral, commodore, lieutenant com-
mander, and ensign, thus increasing the higher
and lower grade of the line by two. Nothing,
however, was done for the staff of the Navy,
but they were quieted with the assurance that
their turn would come in good time.
At this time, (1862,) as has been seen, the staff
enjoyed but three ranks, namely, commander,
lieutenant, and master, while at the same time
the line contended* as they do now, that the
language of the orders of 1846 and 1847, be-
fore cited, conferred no real and substantial
rank, but only an ambiguous, uncertain status,
treated the claim of the staff to rank with
derision, and, to use the language of the line
itself, "looked upon their assumption of de
facto rank as an insult to the naval profes-
sion, and no one attaches the slightest value
to it," thus nullifying, as was too often their
custom, the laws of Congress.
The injustice of this condition of things was
so, apparent, and the demand of the staff for
advancement pari passu with the line so rea-
sonable, that Mr. Lincoln, through the Secre-
tary of the Navy, following the example of
Secretaries Bancroft and Mason, issued an
order, under date of March 13, 1863, grading
the staff of the Navy somewhat in accordance
with the action of Congress the preceding year
in regard to the line. This was not done un-
advisedly, but under the sanction and assist-
ance of some of the highest and most distin-
guished line officers of the Navy, was approved
by the Cabinet, and in pursuance of the legal
opinion of Attorney General Bates, who sus-
tained the authority and power of the Secre-
tary to issue the order.
The order was issued; the.staff officers
served under it during the remainder of the
war; and it continued in force until April 1,
1869, when it was revoked, Admiral Porter
then having practically the direction and con-
trol of naval affairs, and being the unrelenting
opponent of staff rank. That revocation re-
duced and disgraced professionally more than
six hundred men ; as able, faithful, and devoted
officers as ever honored the naval service of
this or any other country. One of the pro-
visions of the bill now under consideration is
intended to restore and legalize that order,
and to replace the officers of the staff in the
respective positions from which they were so
rudely reduced and degraded by its revocation.
The rank given by the order of March 13, 1863,
was as follows;
Surgeons, paymasters, naval constructors, chief
engineers, chaplai's, professors of mathematics,
passed assistant surgeons, secretaries, assistant sur-
geons, assistant naval constructors, assistant pay-
masters, first assistant engineers, second assistant
engineers, third assistant engineers, clerks, carpon-
ters, and sailmakers are to be regarded as staff
officers, and all other officers of the service as lino
officers. The relative rank between the officers of
these two classes is to be as follows :
Medical department:
Assistant surgeons to rank with masters.
Passed assistant surgeons to rank with lieuten-
ants.
Surgeons to rank with lieutenant commanders for
the first five years after promotion; after the first
five years, with commanders; and after fifteen years'
date of commission, to rank with captains.
Surgeon of the fleet to rank with captains.
Pay department:
Assistant paymasters to rank with masters.
Paymasteis to rank with lieutenant commanders
for the first five years after promotion; after the first
five years, with commanders; and after fifteen years'
date of commission, to rank with captains.
Fleet paymaster to rank with captain.
Engineer department:
Third assistant engineers to rank with midship-
men.
Second assistant engineers to rank with ensigns.
First assistant engineers to rank with masters.
Chief engineers to rank with lieutenant com-
manders for the first five years after promotion;
after the first five years, with commanders; and
after fifteen years' date of commission, to rank with
captains.
Fleet engineer to rank with captain.
comparative statement.
It may be well at this stage of my remarks
to submit a comparative table of the several
grades in the staff corps under the Welles
order as they stood in January, 1869, before
its revocation, and their status under the pro-
visions of this bill, and also the rank pro-
posed by the board of 1869, of which I shall
speak hereafter:
under order op march 13, 1863.
Ranking with captain  15
Ranking with commander  39
Hanking with lieutenant com-
mander  26
Ranking with lieutenant  35
Ranking with master  33
Vacancies.  52
Total  200
under present bill.
Surgeon*.
Ranking with captain  15
Ranking with commander 1 15
Ranking with lieutenant com
mander 
Ranking with lieutenant)
Ranking with master j 
50
100
under the board of 1803.
Ranking with captain  15
Ranking with commander   18
Ranking with lieutenant cou-
mander   20
Ranking with lieutenant, ail
others.
Total..
Paymasters.
. 180
Total.
53
Ranking with captain  13
Ranking with commander  30
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander  36
Assistants, ranking with lieu-
tenant  38
Assistants, ranking with mas-
ter :  18
Vacancies  15
Total..
150
Ranking with captain  13
Ranking with commander  13
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander  50
Assistants, ranking with lieu-
tenant    30
Assistants, ranking with mas-
ter  20
Total „  126
Ranking with captain  15
Ranking with commander  18
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander  20
Ranking with lieutenant, ail
otheis.
' Total..
53
