mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Bank in- the Navy—Mr Stevens.
Ho. op Eeps.
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT—Continued.
UNDER ORDER OP MARCH 13, 1863.
Chief engineers, tanking with cap-
tain   5
Chief engineers ranking with
commander  43
Chief engineers ranking with '
lieutenant commander  1
First assistant engineers rank-
ing with lieutenant  91
Second assistant engineers
ranking with master  112
Third assistant engineers rank-
ing with midshipmen  33
Total 285
UNDER PRESENT BILL.
Engineern.
Chief engineers ranking with cap-
tain  10
Chief engineers ranking with
commander  15
Chief engineers ranking with
lieutenant commander  25
First assistant engineers rank-
ing with lieutenant 100
Second assistant engineers
ranking with master 100
UNDER THE BOARD OF 1868.
Chief engineers ranking with cap-
tain    10
Chief engineers rankiDg with
commander  18
Chief engineers ranking with
lieutenant commander  20
First assistant engineers rank-
ing with lieutenant.!  20
Second assistant engineers
ranking with all others.
Total..
, 250
Total..
Ranking with captain 
Ranking with commander 
Hanking with lieutenant com-
mander 
Assistants, ranking with mas-
ter.....   
Total..
10
Total    16
Ranking with captain  00
Ranking with commander  i
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander  7
Naval Constructors.
Ranking with captain 
Ranking with commander 
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander  
Ranking with lieutenant 
Total..
12-
Ranking with captain  2
Ranking with commander...... 4
Assistants, ranking with lieu-
tenant commander  4
Assistants, ranking with liou-
tenant  4
= Total.,
14
Chaplains.
Ranking with captain 
Ranking with commander 
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander  
Ranking with captain 
Ranking with commander 
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander, not more than 
Total..
18
Ranking with captain  4
Ranking with commander  7
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander all others.
Total..
11
Professors of Mathematics.
Ranking with captain  3
Ranking with commander  4
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander  4
Ranking with captain  3
Ranking with commander  4
Ranking with lieutenant com-
mander, all others.
Total  11 Total..
11
Total..
Without rank..
Civil Engineers.
5 Rank of captain  2
Rank of commander  2
Rankof lieutenant commander 4
Total..
UNDER THE GRIMES BILL."
Surgeons.
Rank of commodore, assimilated  1
Rank of captain, assimilated  5
Rank of commander, assimilated 10
Rank of lieutenant commander, assimilated 10
Rank of lieutenant, assimilated 40
Passed assistant, next after lieutenant, assim-
ilated    40
Assistant, next after master, assimilated  45
151
Paymasters.
Rank of commodore, assimilated   1
Rank of captain, assimilated  5
Rank of commander, assimilated 10
Rank of lieutenant commander, assimilated 10
Rank of lieutenant, assimilated 25
Passed assistant, next after lieutenant, assim-
ilated  25
Assistant, next after master, assimilated 25
101
Engineers.
Chief, rank of captain, assimilated  3,
Rank of commander, assimilated  5
Rank of lieutenant commander, assimilated  8
Rank of lieutenant, assimilated 30
First assistant, rank of master, assimilated 60
Second assistant, rank of ensign, assimilated 74
180
It was a great misfortune to the staff and to
the service that the order of March 13, 1863,
was not legalized by Congress, as had been
done in the case of the Bancroft and Mason
orders. The staff, alarmed by the assertion
of the line that no legal rank was conferred by
this order, and goaded by the unjust construc-
tion given to the language iu which the law
was written, sought to fix their status and to
maintain the new position to which they had.
been assigned by appeals t.o the Department
and to Congress. And thisbrings us to another
point of importance in the history of the con-
troversy.
In 1864 a board consisting of line officers,
Messrs. Taylor, Case, Rogers, and others, cap-
tains and comm^hders, uudertook to settle the
vexed question by regulation. By examining
their report we shall see that they approx-
imated the principles governing in this bill.
They proposed to regulate the relative rank by
equal lengths of service in the several grades,
but allowing to the staffs the advantage of an
average of six years, in which it was assumed
they were pursuing, at their own expense with-
out cost to the Government, the preparatory
studies before entering the Navy, during which
six years the officers of the line were engaged
in their preparatory course at the expense of
the Government; thus making a common
starting-point for both line and staff. Under
this proposed plan an assistant surgeon, pay-
master, or engineer was to be placed beside a
master or ensign, and to be promoted with him
to the higher grades of lieutenant commander
and captain. They took the Navy Register of
1864, and estimating six years as the usual
time passed at the Naval Academy by mid-
shipmen and passed midshipmen in obtaining
their naval education, they graded the line and
staff officers as follows:
Captain 40 years in service would rank a staff
officer of 34 years.
Commander 30 years in service would rank
a staff officer of.   24 years.
Lieutenant commander 20 years in service
would rank a staff officer of.  14 years.
Lieutenant 12 years in service would rank a
staff of&ccr of  6 years.
This was acceptable to the medical officers,
many of whom were o^er thirty years in ser-
vice, but was objected to by the paymasters
and engineers as not equally favorable to
them. Since the very great promotions in the
line by the act of 1866, however, it is more
favorably received by them.
As applied to the Navy Register of 1869,
the plan may be briefly summed up thus :
Staff officers 35 years commissioned rank with
commodores.
Staff officers 25 years commissioned rank with
captains.
Staff officers 15 years commissioned rank with
commanders.
Staff officers 8 years commissioned rank with
lieutenant commanders.
This line board of 1864, in their report and
communications, stated and enforced their
conclusions, exhibiting the justice of the prin-
ciple embraced in the pending bill. I quote
their language:
''In the arrangement of assimilated rank, it was
supposed that a master, first assistant engineer,
assistant surgeon, assistant paymaster, bad
finished their preliminary studies and become pre-
pared for work; and those of the same date were
advanced together in that order to the rank of oom*
modore;" * * * * "that is, when the
master was promoted to a lieutenant, the others had
the same assimilated rank, and so on.
"For the commencement of the assimilation of
rank, the board adopted the period when each
class, line and staff, should become qualified for
usefulness to the service. The midshipman having
finished his probationary course, goes on board ship
as an ensign, there to learn the practice of what he
has been taught theoretically. After a period he
undergoes an examination for promotion to the
grade of master. In this new sphere he becomes,
for the first time, practically useful and reliable as
a watch officer.
44 The young engineer having advanced through
two grades, and having passed as a first assistant;
becomes competent to take charge of an engine, ana
eligible to appointment as senior engineerof vessels
of the smaller classes.
** So with the assistant surgeon and assistant pay-
master. Each has studied and qualified himself for
the position; and each is ready, or should be, to
assume independent duties should thoy be assigned
to him.
** Thus we have fouryoung men startingupon their
career at the same time, with equal rank assigned to
each. It is not apparent that any particular favor
should be shown to either in his advancement. On
the contrary, if they run side by side until they reach
the highest grade provided for regular promotions,
it is conceived that a greater degree of harmony will
be obtained than has existed since the first order for
the assimilation of rank was issued."
The reasoning is stated in less general aud
more specific terms iu a letter of a member of
the same board:
" I think the average age of midshipmen entering
theservico as stated by you (fifteen and a half) is
too low. Some few enter between the ages of four-
teen and sixteen; but a greater majority do so be-
tween sixteen and eighteen, a few older. Adding
six years brings them up to from twenty-one to
twenty-five, which corresponds very closely with tha
ages, as shown by the records in the Department, of
assistant surgeons when they enter the service."
In January, 1869, the medical staff, appre-
hensive that the assertion of the line that the
Department order of March IS, 1863, would
be revoked, and their rank and promotion
taken from them, applied to Congress for
relief. Their bill, which was reported favor,
ably by the House committee, involved the
principle of fixed and positive rank, though
it differed in its details from the pending bill
and was partial, inasmuch as it did not em-
brace the other staff corps in its provisions.
But its introduction and discussion were
timely and fortunate in calling public atten-
tion to the subject, and eminently so in ob-
taining the indorsement of the highest attthor*
ity in the Navy to the principle of defined and
positive rank as embodied in the bill now
under consideration. The great chief of the
Navy was then living. He had survived the
perils of ocean and battle, and lingered among
us, the peerless sailor, brave, generous, and
just. A. long life of association had taught him
the value of those services which had olothed
the medical staff of the Navy with distinction
and honor, and his generous heart promptly
responded to their appeal for recognition. He
rose above all narrow-minded professional
rivalry and feeling, arid when they submitted
their bill to his inspection and opinion he
responded without hesitation or reserve. I
hold here his original letter upon the subject,
written to his brother officer, Dr. Palmer, his
fleet surgeon at Mobile, and I gladly lay it
before the House as an authority of the very
highest character in support of the principle
for which we are contending. I also present
