m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
Ho. Reps.
Bank in the Navy—Mr. Stevens.
41st Gong....3d Sess.
a letter from-Admiral Parragutto Dr. Palmer,
a professional and personal tribute to his
brother'officer:
■ ■ 118 East Thirty-Sixth Street,
New-York, January 2,1869.
MyiDiya Doctor: I have read with >great care
the bill entitled "An act;to reorganize and increase
the efficiency of the medical department of the
Nav^r," atadj as far as I have been.'able tot discover,
it appears tabe drawn up in a spirit of fairness and
justice to nil, and affords to the higher officers of
the medical corps employment on snore after having
o-bfaahed a certain grade. I do not hesitate to say
that I approve of the principal features of the bill,
bat would insert in the third section, which refers
to the employment of the different grades, " except
in time of war," when ail officers should be avail-
able for sea or other service at the discretion of the
Department.
l am, very truly, yours,
D. Gk FARRAGUT, Admiral
Surgeofi James C. Palmer, United States Navy.
New York, December 31,1§68.
My Dear Doctor: I have carefullyread over the
hill "for the reorganization of the medical corps
of the Navy," making higher grades, &c., and I
find no objections, except that in time of war all
persons should be available for duty, only retaining
their relative rank in their own corp3. Without
this clause the services of some of the most efficient
medical officers might be lost to the Government
when most essential. lam aware that such might
not be the case, as they would no doubt volunteer;
but while legislating it is best to provide for it on
the face of the bill, although I am happy to saythat
from mv own experience war is the time when I
have always found the medical officers ready and
willing to do their duty without regard to personal
risk, and it gives me special pleasure to refer fo your
casein Mobile bay, where you, in the little Loyal,
carried ray orders around the fleet for the ships to
run the ram Tennessee down, which you did with
cheerfulness and alacrity. I sent the other note to
accompany the bill, and this only to explain the
objection to leaving the war clause out.
Very truly, yours,
D. G. FARRAGUT, Admiral.
tht5 board of 1869.
As was anticipated from the declared inten-
tion of the line to procure the revocation of
ifhe Department order of March 13, 1863, the
purpose was carried into effect in the early
days of Mr. Borie's incumbency. It is now
matter of current history that his administra-
tion of the Department was the administration
of Admiral Porter. Congress was then in ses-
sion. The Grimes bill had passed the Senate.
It was the pet scheme of the Admiral, board
of survey and all. He came before the House
committee .with Mr. Jiorie and urged its pas-
sage. The influence of the staff of the Navy
was invoked in its aid, under the terrorism of
the threat that if they did not take that bill
with all its degrading incidents they should
have nothing, and that the order of 1863 should
be revoked. They declined. The blow came,
the order was revoked, and, as I have said,
one half of the official corps of the Navy was
reduced and degraded. The intervention of
Congress was invoked, and the Committee
on Naval Affairs in the House unanimously
resolved to report a resolution legalizing that
order and restoring the staff to their former
position. Tt was too late in the session to
enable the committee to report in their order;
but the chairman attempted on various occa-
sions to bring the resolution to the vote of
the House. The effort failed, and Congress
adjourned without action.
' The summer of 1869 witnessed an awakened
public interest in the question. When Mr.
Secretary Robeson came into office, in July
of that year, he found the exciting and dis-
turbing subject upon his hands, intensified as
it was by the triumphant boasts of the domin-
ant line and the chagrin of the staff, coupled
wit-k the determination of the latter to seek
reOress at the hands of Congress. He prob-
ably apprehended, as had Mr. Upshur, that it
would be impossible that a wholesome discip-
line could pievail in this uncertain condition
of rank and authority, and that while the
agitation would call the attention of Congress
lo the dissensions in his Department, it would
ftp&r&te to the prejudice of the Navy itself.
At any rate, he undertook to settle the ques-
tion by the action of a "board." The board
assembled under the orders of the Secretary,
ft consisted of the heads of bureaus in the
Navy Department, and of one officer of the
line and one of the staff. Their report was
made under date of December 4, 1869, and in
compliance with a call of the House on the
14th December, 1809, transmitted to that body
under date of January 24, 1870. On the last-
named day a bill emanating from the Navy
Department was also transmitted to the House.
I regret to say, sir, that the provisions of that
bill, instead of following the recommendations
of the board, exhibited a wide departure from
their conclusions, and embraced the most
offensive features of the Grimes bill. But, by
way of explanation, it should be borne in mind
that Vice Admiral Porter was still in the Navy
Department. In fact, he had written a letter
to the Secretary, prior to the order convening
the board, in which he substantially recom-
mended the adoption of the Grimes bill. I
am inclined, Mr. Speaker, to furnish a copy
of that letter in this connection:
Navy Department,
Washington, November 10,1869.
Sir: I hope you will excuse the liberty I take in
addressing you on a mauer that peihaps you have
well convidtTod, namely, the subject of nssimihitod
rank in the Navy. My position m the Department
has prevented my approaching you on this subject,
as I did not wish in any way to influence you in a
matter where, as a line officer, I might be considered
personally interested.
Mv desire is to bring about a spirit of harmony in
the Navy, and to have regulated by law assimilated
rank between the line officers and the civil officers
of the service, and to establish a law of" precedence
with and after" which will suit the wants of the
Navy.
The subject of rank and precedence is one that
will admit ot exhaustive arguments without satisfy-
ing the parties interested. Therefore, I deem it out
of place to enter mto any argument in relation to the
subject, I think the wants of the service should be
considered before anything else, and the sooner the
matter is settled one way or the other the better it
will be for the Navy.
I should recommend a mixed board to settle this
matter were it not that I had been addressed by a
party professing to represent the wishes of the civil
officers of the Navy, who have presented to me the
following as the outline of a bill with which they
would be pleased.
I am quite sure that the line officers of the Navy
are willing to accede to anything that would not con-
flict with the discipline of the service, which, in their
estimation, is paramount to every other considera-
tion.
I have readmany argument,son the subjectofrank,
published in the public prints, none of which have
convinced me of the necessity of establishing such
high rank among thecivil officers as has been hitherto
claimed for them.
There is, and always has been in the Navy, an hon-
orary distribution of rank, assimilating in a meas-
ure to that higher distinction of line rank which
has always been considered an indispensable attri-
bute of high dij-cipline.
This honorary rank, very properly, lacks the power
of command, and has been conceded for the purpose
of establishing the status of civil officers on board
ship.
"The parties who receive it are quasi civil officers
with quasi civil duties; but in order to identify them
with their surroundings and give propriety to their
presence, they are favored with the compliment of
rank."
Notwithstanding that this is the only position that
civil officers on board ship should hold, the line offi-
cers of the Navy would genet ally be pleased, if the
bill now before Congress would become a law,
with the following amendments, which I have been
led to believe would be perfectly acceptable to the
civil officers of the Navy. 1 take great pleasure in
givingit my support..
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
DAYID D. PORTER.
Vice Admiral.
Hon. George M. Robeson, Secretary of the Navy.
Vice Admiral Porter had his way. The
" board did not.
At the commencement of the next Congress
the bill which we are now considering was
introduced into this House and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and it is no ex-
aggeration to say that its consideration engaged
their attention, study, and discussion at regu-
lar and special meetings during the entire ses-
sion of 1869-70. I think no provision or fea-
ture, either of the general subject or of the bill,
has escaped the most searching analysis. There
has been an earnest desire to probe the matter
to the bottom, and the committee have not
been without aid from all sides of the question.
I think they have succeeded, or that they at
lea.st have come to understand what the con-
troversy between line and staff means. This
bill is the result of the deliberations of two
years on the part of your committee.
details of the bill.
Let us look now at the details of the bill.
As I have said, it has been prepared with much
care and after a most extended .examination,
and with a view to the best interests of the
whole service and justice to all its constituent
parts. The subject is so largely involved in
professional and legal technicalities that noth-
ing less than the most assiduous and careful
consideration of your committee could bring
them to a satisfactory conclusion. And I find
it now almost impossible to explain in these
general remarks all its minute details or its
intricate relations to the service. And you
will permit me to say very frankly that it is
one of those measures which in its details
must, in a very great degree, commend itself
to the House only through the labor and rec-
ommendation of the committee. But having
endeavored to state generally the principles
of military organization on which it rests, I
may allude now more particularly to the scope
and provisions of the bill itself. It looks to
the organization of the Navy as the basis of
its revision of the grades. In its relation to
that organization it restores the grades of
captain and lieutenant commander, which was
the characteristic of the Department order
March 13, 1863; and while it gives to the
heads of bureaus the rank of commodore as
in that order, it provides that retired officer
of the staff who have served faithfully forty-
five years shall have the rank of commodore ;
(these are the fleet officers of the war ;) and
that officers retired at sixty-two years under
the existing laws, who have served forty years
faithfully, shall also have the same rank.
It apportions to the different grades the num-
ber of officers which on full examination the
committee have from all the sources of informa-
tion at their command believed to be demand-
ed by the interests of the service, reducing the
aggregate in each corps. The number of the
medical corps is reduced twenty, that of the
paymasters twenty-five, while the number of
engineers, heretofore uncertain, is now limited
to a number which it is believed will be suffi-
cient for the present demands of the service.
The bill provides in clear and distinct lan-
guage, adopting the phraseology of the regula-
tions, that no staff officer shall exercise com-
mand or authority in the line of the Navy or
in any staff corps or department except that
to which he belongs ; that they shall have no
' additional right to quarters on account of thoir
rank; and that in processions on shore on
courts martial, courts of inquiry, boards of
survey and all other boards, line and staff offi-
cers shall take precedence according to rank,
as in the Army. These provisions of the bill
answer completely and with force of law that
pretended objection to the bill which asserts
that it gives authority to staff' officers to com-
mand vessels, posts, &e., the fact being that
no staff officer can exercise such command in
the presence of a line officer. The bill is a
measure of reform, not only in its military
features but also in relation to the pay oi the
Navy. Compared with existing laws its pro-
visions will reduce the pay of the Navy from
seventy-five to one hundred thousand dollars
per annum.
construction.
Therehas been much discussion in your com-
mittee and elsewhere upon the phraseology by
which rank is conferred and the terms "posi-
