660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
shall be made upon the basis of valuation that shall
be adopted in making the assessment of the property
of private persons for taxation in said District.
Skc. 36. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appropriated each year out of the Treasury of the
United States the same percentage upon the assessed
value ot the property of the United States within
the District of Columbia as other property-holders
therein are taxed on their real ana personal prop-
erty, the money thus appropriated by the United
States to be applied exclusively in the manner speci-
fied in the acts making such appropriations.
Under these sections it will be seen that the
real estate of the Government, except the
buildings in the District, is to be valued for
the purpose of levying taxes upon it in an
indirect way. The thirty-sixth section makes
the rule of appropriation for the District the
same as the rate of taxation would be upon this
property if it were assessed for taxes. Now,
what is this real estate? It consists of public
squares without buildings, the Capitol grounds,
the White House grounds, those occupied by the
Smithsonian Institution, the public gardens,
the navy-yard, Judiciary square, and many
other places vacant or partially occupied by
buildings in every part of the city of Washing-
ton. The whole amounts to more than a hun-
dred acres of ground, and much of it in the
very heart of the city.
Mr. LAWRENCE. All these public squares
and buildings are protected by a police force
placed there and paid very largely by this
Government.
Mr. COBUItN. This property is exceed-
ingly valuable, worth in the aggregate many
millions of dollars. La Fayette square and
t'ae White House grounds are alone worth
$10,000,000, at any reasonable calculation
based upon the values of adjacent property.
The objects of this taxation are not limited,
except by the discretion of Congress. But the
attempt, is made in this section to make a pro-
vision for a continuing appropriation from
year to year, and in so far as such a thing can
be done it is done. The valuation is lo be
taken every two years, and as the cily grows
of course this will increase; and.the money
is to be appropriated from year to year, no
difference how large the amount or to what
purpose it is to be applied.
The bill expressly provides that certain offi-
cers shall be paid by the District exclusively.
All other taxes are presumed to be equally
distributed. At present the General Govern-
ment pays for all street improvements in front
of its property, and nothing in this bill pro-
vides that the taxes named in sections thirty-
live and thirty-six shall go to the improvement
of streets and avenues. The payment for such
improvements may be expected hereafter,
as heretofore, to bo made by the Government
irrespective of this provision for general
taxation.
The system of street improvements is not
based upon a scheme of general taxation, but,
is expressly founded upon the idea that the
property-holder shall pay for the improvement
in his front. The provision should have been
put in this bill that the appropriations under
the general rule should have gone to this pur-
pose.
The General Government by this bill pays
all District officers appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; and thus, in addition to the cost of the
Metropolitan police, calls for thousands of dol-
lars more to meet the expenses of this Dis-
trict. The General Government ought to im-
prove the public thoroughfares in front of its
property; ought to improve its grounds in a
proper and tasteful manner; ought to do its
reasonable share in public improvements here;
and it has done so. Look at the avenues,
streets, bridges, water-works, jails, City Hall,
and public squares, not peculiarly used by the
General Government, which have cost many
millions of dollars. Look at the hundreds of
thousands spent for the poor, the insane, the
deaf and dumb, and for hospitals of the Dis-
trict. You can turn in every direction and see
the monuments of the munificence of the Gen-
eral Government.
I would yesterday have made my objections
to the bill more specifically and more at length
if I had.had an opportunity. But we have a
system of legislation that needs correction.
When a bill'is brought before the House for
consideration, just as strong objections are
being raised to it, showing its impropriety,
time becomes scarce, great haste is important,
the previous question becomes necessary, and
the questions are narrowed down, debate cut
off, amendments not considered, the measure
rushed through, to be found in the end in an
imperfect condition. In this particular instance
the reading of the bill by sections was stopped
half way, and before amendments could even
be suggested to the subsequent sections the
previous question was ordered.
Yesterday I was not allowed the privilege
of making a one-minute speech or offering
a single amendment. I had to scream out at
the top of my voice the nature of the amend-
ments I desired to offer, in order to remove
from the bill some of the extraordinary pro-
visions to which I desired the attention of the
House, the effect of which would be that every
desk and every chair in this Hall, and every
article of furniture and other property in every
one of the Departments, and all tools and
machinery in the navy-yard and everywhere
else, should be taxed for the benefit of this
city, in addition to the assessment of the navy-
yard grounds and the White House grounds
and the public parks and squares, at many mil-
lions of dollars, to pay taxes into the treasury
of the District of Columbia.
Gentlemen may say that this rule of appro-
| priation which is provided for in the thirty-
sixth section is not binding upon Congress.
But when the people of the District of Colum-
bia have accepted this form of government
wo shall hear that they accepted it with the
understanding and upon the condition that this
public property was to be taxed in this man-
ner, and they will demand that the money be
raised from year to year arid paid into the treas-
ury of the District of Columbia, in order to
meet the geneial expenses of its government.
Now, I say that before a thing of this kind is
put through, adding enormously to the ex-
penses borne by the people of this country,
we ought, at least, to stop and consider, and
debate the question, and understand the rea-
sons, pro and con.
Now, some one may say that this law does
not bind any subsequent Congress. This may
or may not be true. If it is useless, empty, and
of no effect, why enact it? If it means noth-
ing, why cumber the statutes with it? If it is
not a rule of action, and to continue, why
prescribe it? The fact is that it is intended to
be a rule of appropriation. It is said that any
other Congress can repeal this statute. That
is so ; but why enact it ? Why put that on the
statute-book which needs repeal? Why attempt
to make appropriations in advance? Why at-
tempt to bind the hands of future Congresses?
There has been no lack of liberality on this
matter of appropriations for the District, and
there is no need now to anticipate anything
else.
I have no hostility to this District. On the
contrary, I desire to see it prosperous and
happy and flourishing and beautiful. But that
we should make it so at so enormous an out-
lay, at the expense of the people of the Uni-
ted States, strikes me as being a stride into
extravagance we cannot now afford. This sort
of thing must be stopped at some time or
other, before it has gone so far that it will be
too late. I hope it is not too late now. And
certainly it does seem to me that Congress
would be acting wisely to prevent the enforce-
ment of the bill which passed this House yes-
terday, so as not to involve the Government
in expenditures that after awhile will be abso-
lutely enormous; for the value of this proo-
erty is going to increase from year to year, and
every two^ years it has to. be revalued. It is
situated right in the center of the city, where
property is increasing more rapidly in value
than anywhere else.
I say what I do more in sorrow than in any
other spirit; for I should have been very glad
to have voted for this bill without these pro-
visions. I have always been of opinion that
there should be a government in the form of
a territorial government here. I am clear
on the constitutional question as to the right to
such a government on the part of the people
of the District. I think they ought to have a
Governor and a Legislative Assembly of their
own, and a Delegate upon this floor to look to
their interests. I think it improper that Con-
gress should legislate for the District on almost
all little local matters, as has been done, and
that a large discretion should be given to the
people in the way of managing these matters
for themselves. But the provisions to which I
have taken exception are altogether separate
and apart from arrangements as to the gov-
ernment of the District, and should not have
been included in a bill of this kind.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say that I con-
cur very fully in the remarks of my colleague
[Mr. Coburjt] on the subject of the bill to
which he has referred, and I think it is liable
to many other grave objections in addition to
those he has mentioned. I consider that no
bill has passed this House for many years pre-
senting so many objectionable features.
If no other gentleman desires to speak, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. GETZ: Two petitions from Bren-
eiser, Mayer & Co., R. II. Jones, A. J. Bast &
Bro., Charles R. Hummel, Jonathan & Elia
Eyrich, and others, manufacturers and dealers
in tobacco, snuff, and cigars, praying for relief
from the special tax on sales of those articles.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of John
ICindrick, late soldier in company E first Ten-
nessea infantry, praying Congress for increase
of pension.
Also, the petition of Cynthia Usey, widow
of Garrison Usey, late soldier first Tennessee
infantry, praying Congress for increase of
pension.
IN SENATE. ■
Moxdait, January 23, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCauley, D. D., of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the credentials of
Hon. O. P. Stearns, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Minnesota a Senator from that
State to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of Hon. Daniel S. Norton.
The credentials were read ; and the oaths pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Stearns, he took his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a statement
of the contracts made by the quartermaster's
department during the year just closed ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, a statement of the contracts
