1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 434)
extending the use of the Library of Congress
to the commissioners appointed to revise and
consolidate the laws of the United States, to
reuort it back without amendment, and with
the recommendation that it pass ; and I ask
for its immediate consideration. |
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in !
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- j
sider the joint resolution. I
The joint resolution was reported to the i
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third j
reading, read the third time, atid passed.
PAY OF LIBRARY ASSISTANTS. \
Mr. HOWE. The same committee have j
directed me to report a bill to adjust and fix |
the compensation of the assistants employed |
in the Library of Congress, and if the Senate
will hear me say that the bill increases the
cost of assistance in the Library between four
and five thousand dollars, which is made neces-
sary by imposing upon the Library the copy-
right business, out of which we get about ten
thousand dollars a year in fees, and that there
has been no increase and that the work of j
the Library is now behind for want of this
increase, I think the Senate should agree to
consider the bill at the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I*Uesire to make a
report this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the bill had
better be printed, as it increases salaries, and
we had better know what it is.
The bill (S. No. 1241) to adjust and fix the
compensation of the assistants employed in
the Library of Congress was read, and passed
to ^ second reading.
SENATORS FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have b.een instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
were referred the credentials of Joshua Hill,
H. Y. M. Miller, H. P. Farrow, and R. H.
Whitelev, claiming seats as Senators from the
State of Georgia, to make a report accompa-
nied by a resolution. The report will, of course,
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be ordered to be printed, and the Secretary will
read the resolution accompanying the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give notice that after
the report shall have been printed, which I
hope will be done in the course of a day or two,
1 sbill 1 embrace the earliest opportunity to call
up the resolution and have it disposed of.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as fol-
lows:
Rotohed, That Joshua Hill has been duly elected
Senator of tbe United States by the Legislature of
the State of Georgia, and is entitled to take his seat
on taking the oaths required by the Constitution and
laws.
Mr. STEWART. The minority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, being unable to agree
with the majority, desire to submit their views
in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Nevada desires to submit the views of
the minority. Is there a resolution accom-
panying the paper?
Mr. STEWART. There is a resolution ac-
companying it. , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. That resolution
will be reported also. i
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the j
resolution read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada desires the resolution to be read
for information. It is not in order to present
it until the resolution reported by the majority
comes up. „ .
The Chief Clerk read the proposed reso-
lution of the minority of the committee, as
follows;
* Resolved, That Ilenry P. I?arrow and Richard H.
"Whitcley aro entitled to take tneir seats m the ben-
ate upon taking the oaths prescribed by law.
The report and the views of the minority
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. THURMAN gave notice that, when the
resolution reported by the Committee on the I
Judiciary in the case of the Senators from I
Georgia should be called up, he would move j
an amendment expressive of his views, which !
are thus expressed :
I agree that Joshua Hill is entitled to take his
seat; and I hold that H. V. M. Miller is entitled to
take his seat on taking the oath prescribed by the
Constitution. A_ ^ XHUKJIAS.
AXX M. IiODEFER.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
1549) to enable Ann M. Rodefer, administra-
trix of Joseph Rodefer, deceased, to make
application for the extension of letters-patent
for an improvement in bedstead fastenings,
have instructed me to report it back and
recommend that the bill pass. This is a
House bill, and I would ask the indulgence of
the Senate that it be placed on its passage
now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee on the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to allow Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent granted to him for an improvement in
bedstead fastenings, on the 10th of April,
1855, for fourteen years, in the same manner
as if the petition for extension had been filed
at least ninety days before the expiration of
the patent; and the Commissioner of Patents
is authorized to consider and determine the
application in the same manner as if it had
been filed ninety days prior to the expiration
of the patent; and with the same effect as if it
had been regularly filed and acted upon under
existing laws. But no such sxtension shall
affect the right to continue to use the machine
of any person who, since the 10th of April,
1869, and prior to the approval of the act,
may have procured, and at the time of such
approval shall be using, the machine.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NEW LAND DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1190) to create an
additional land district in the State of Cali-
fornia, to report the same back with amend-
ments, with the recommendation that it pass.
There seems to be an urgency for the creation
of this land district at this session of Congress.
I ask, therefore, that the bill may be put upon
its passage now. The amendments made by
the committee to the bill are but few, and
relate merely to the boundaries of the new
district. The bill has the indorsement of the
United States Land Commissioner.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I inquire if the Senator
has made.the boundaries conform to the rec-
ommendations of the Commissioner ? He sent
us a letter recommending that the boundaries
be changed from the original bill. Are they
so written by him ?
Mr. COLE. They are. .
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objeetion it the
boundaries.are made to conform to the rec-
ommendations of the Commissioner.
Mr. CASSERLY. I stated that the bill had
been amended as to the boundaries.
Mr. COLE. I think the boundaries are
entirely correct now. _
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the chairman of the
committee how many land offices there are
now in California?
Mr. POMEROY. Four.
Mr. RAMSEY. This makes five.
Mr. POMEROY. This will make five.
Mr. COLE. I believe one of the land dis-
tricts comprises part of Nevada. I think there
are five altogether. There can be no objection
to this bill.
The amendments were in line twenty-two of
section one to strike out "twenty-six" and
insert " twenty-five," and in the same line to
strike out" twenty-seven " and insert" twenty-
six:" so as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted. &c., That so much of the districts of
lands subject to sale under existing laws at Marys-
ville and Shasta, in the State of California, as are
contained in the following'boundaries, shall consti-
tute a new land district, to be called the Susanville
district, bounded as follows: beginning at a point
where the north boundaiy of township nineteen
north. Mount Diablo meridian, intersects the eastern
boundary of the State of California; thence west on
the north boundary of township nineteen north, to
the corner of townships nineteen and twenty north,
ranges thirteen and fourteen east; thence north to
the corner of townships twenty-one and twenty-two
north, ranges thirteen and fourteen east; thence west
to the corner of townships twenty-one and twenty-
two north, range" eleven and twelve east; thence
north to the corner of townships twenty-three and
twenty-four north, langes eleven and twelve east;
thence west to the eorncr of townships twenty-three
and twenty-four north, ranges eight and nine east;
tlience north to the corner of townships twenty-five
and twenty-six north, ranges eight and nine east;
thence west to the corner of townships twenty-five
and twenty-six north, range" five and six east; thence
north between ranges five and six to the northern
boundary of the State of California; thence east on
said boundary line to the northeast corner of said
State; thence south on the eastern boundary of said
State to the place of beginning.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the location
of the office for said district shall be designated by
the President of the United States, and may be
changed by him from time to time as the public con-
venience may seem to require.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advicc and consent of the Senate, a register and
a receiver for said land district, who shall respect-
ively be required to reside at the site of the office,
be subject to the same laws, and entitled to the same
compensation as is, or may hereafter be, prescribed
by law in reljtion to other land offices in said State.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third t'ime, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by_ unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1244) regulating the organization
and conduct of the public schools in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1245) to provide for segregation and survey
of the swamp and overflowed lands of the State
of Oregon, and to put the State in possession
of the same; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CORBETT. As this is an important
bill, I call the special attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands to it,
and I should like to have him report it back
speedily. I move that the bill be referred to
that committee, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1246) to amend an act entitled "An act
to protect the rights of actual settlers on the
public lands of the United States," approved
July 27, 1868; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1247) for the relief of William S. Mitchell,
of Washington, District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (>-.
No. 1248) in relation to the Assistant Secre-
taries and Assistant Postmasters General ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the joint select Committee on Retrenchment)
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
