1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1489
these amendments printed and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I submit an amendment to the
pending bill, and I move that it be printed and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments agreed
upon by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. Shall they be taken together or sep-
arately ?
Mr. HARLAN. I am compelled to ask for
a separate vote on all the amendments that
have not been acted on to-day.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, before we proceed
to the consideration of those amendments, I
beg to say that there is what is known, as the
Southern Pacific railroad bill which has come
from the House to-day. The bill was passed
by the Senate at the last session and sent to the
House, and the House has returned it to the
Senate with a very important amendment, or
rather series of amendments, and I move that
the Senate non-concur in those amendments
and ask for a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be entertained if there be no objection.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Is that proposition de-
batable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but the
motion can be entertained only by general con-
sent at this time.
Mr. HOWARD. I think there will be no
objection.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is to elicit debate I
shall be compelled to object.
Mr. HOWARD. I presume there will be no
objection. We ought to expedite it as fast as
possible.
Mr. COLE I should like to have the bill
printed. I do not know what amendments are
made to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I will include that in my
motion, to have it printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I shall be very brief.
I shall oppose raising a committee of confer-
ence. It is very important that the bill be
be acted on 
Mr. HOWARD. It is very important to
have it acted on as speedily as possible.
Mr. FLANAGAN. And therefore 1 should
prefer to move to concur with the action of
the House rather than lose the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think we ought to
know, before we act on the amendments,
what they are. We may prefer to concur.
Mr. FLANAGAN. If we raise a committee
of conference, and the bill goes back to the
other House, we jeopardize the passage of the
bill; and it is the great question of the day
with the South. We are all anxiety for it. I
have been instructed by the Legislature of my
State to urge in every manner possible the
passage of this important measure, and I
should regret very much if it should be re-
turned to the House. I hope the Senate will
concur in the amendments of the House, and
if it be in order, I will make that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill. It cannot be laid before
the Senate, except by unanimous consent,
unless during the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has so stated.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that it be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. There can be no objec-
tion to that. Let the bill be printed with the
amendments of the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the objection to
referring it to a committee of conference? I
thought we were proceeding to its consider-
ation.
41si Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 94.
Mr. FLANAGAN. No; I wish to concur
in the House amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
non-concur in the amendments and ask for a
committee of conference.
Mr. POMEROY. But my friend from Texas
moves to concur, and that takes precedence.
Mr. FLANAGAN. That was my motion.
Mr. POMEROY. And when the subject of
concurring comes up, then comes up the sub-
ject of amendments, and that is an endless
question in this body.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be in this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Isthereany
objection to the order to print?
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COLE. What is the proposition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To printthe
bill with the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the Senator
from Texas to withdraw his motion to concur.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to non-concur.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to entertaining
that motion now. I am willing that the bill
and amendments should be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I much prefer that the
Senate should entertain the motion to concur
now.
Mr. HARLAN. Iobject to interposing this
matter in the way of the Indian appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill and
amendments will be printed; but no action can
be taken on it now, objection being made.
ska islands, south carolina.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to make a
report from a committee. The Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1131) to provide for the sale of cer-
tain lots and lands in South Carolina belong-
ing to the United States, and for other pur-
poses, have directed me to report it back with
an amendment. I will remark in connection
with this bill that the committee have had it
under consideration for some time; that it
involves a great many matters of detail which
the committee will feel themselves at liberty
to change if, on a further development of the
facts, they find they are wrong in any particu-
lar; but they have put the bill in the best
shape they can with the present lights before
them. They ask that the bill be printed, with
a letter of the Department explanatory of it,
and placed upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
i'anociie qkandk land grant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit a joint resolution from the House of
Representatives, for reference. It it gives rise
to debate he will withdraw it and present it
to-morrow morning.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 518) in
relation to the Panoche Grande land grant
was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that reference will be made.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Chair to re-
serve it until to-morrow. I understand that
it is the McGarrahan claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it had better
not be referred at this moment. Let us see a
little about it.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope it will not be
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the last ses-
sion of Congress this subject was reported
from the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The chairman of that committee stated to the
Chair that the question now assumed a judi-
cial aspect, and he desired it to be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then it was an applica-
tion for a specific amount of land, and prop-
erly went to the Committee on Private Land
Claims; but now the questions are altogether
of a judicial character, as to records, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is objec-
tion the Chair will withdraw the joint resolu-
tion, and it can be presented under the rule
to-morrow morning after the reading of the
Journal.
bill recommitted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask that by unanimous
consent the bill (S. No. 217) for the relief of
James A. Waymire, of Oregon, second lieu-
tenant first United States cavalry, be recom-
mitted to the Committeeon Claims with some
accompanying papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be.made.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2615) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of thelndian department, and for fulfilling so-
called treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line six, page 1. to strike out " so-
called" before "treaty."
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On page 1,
line eight, an amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations was not acted on in Com-
mittee of the Whole, being to strike out
"eleven" and insert "eight," in the clause
"for pay of" superintendents of Indian
rs*
Mr. CORBETT. I believe the Committee
on Indian Affairs reported an amendment
as a substitute, making the number thirteen
instead of eight.
Mr. HARLAN. J inquire whether the act-
ing chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations desires to proceed with the amendments
proposed by his committee before any of our
amendments are considerered, or whether we
can take them all up and go along seriatim.
Mr. COLE. I did not suppose the Senator
from Iowa, the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, required us to act separately
in the Senate upon each one of the amend-
ments adopted in Committee of the Whole on
the first reading of the bill, but that he would
reserve the right, as he has reserved the right,
to move a reconsideration of any of them, ami
to move any amendments from his committee.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
has erred in his apprehension. I have asked
for a separate vote upon each amendment
adopted by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole when every member of the Indian Com-
mittee was absent. It is the only mode we
have of knowing what reasons influenced the
Senate in adopting them.
Mr. COLE. I inquire, then, if the Senator
reserves the further right, to move a reconsid-
eration of each one of these votes, and also to
move an amendment of those same amend-
ments?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure that I appre-
hend the bearing of the honorable Senator's
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theameuu-
ments agreed to in Committee of the Whole
have not been agreed to in the Senate, and
therefore are not open to any motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. COLE. I supposed that those which
had been specially reserved would be voted on
separately, but that the most of them would
