u
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[January 24,
Senate.
Recommendations to Office—Mr. Patterson.
41st Cong.,..3dSess.
Mass not Only of Senators but of citizens.. It is
more baneful than the attempt which failed m the
beginning of the Government to make all officers
irremovable but with the consent of the Seriate.
This places every four years all appointments under
their power and obliges them to act on, every one
nomination. It will keep in constant excitement all
the hungry cormorants for office, render them, as
well as those in place, sycophants to their Senators,
engage them in eternal intrigue to put out one and
put in another, in cabals to scrap-work, and make
of them what all executive directories become, mere
sinksof corruption and faction. This must have been
one of the midnight signatures of the President,
•when he had not time to consider or even to read the
law, and the more fatal as being irrepealablo but
with the consent of the Senate, which will never be
obtained."
Washington in a letter to Edward Carring-
ton says:
" In the appointments to the general offices of the
Government my aim hasbeen to combine geopraph-
ical situation and sometimes other considerations,
with abilities and fitness of known characters.''
These are among many expressions from
the founders and early administrators of our
Government. Have their fears or predictions
been realized as a matter of fact? Can any
man doubt it? Does any man question it?
"Whenever patronage becomes an instrument
by which to secure and perpetuate political
power, ability and integrity cease to be the
prime conditions of appointment, and party
utility takes their place. And when this hap-
pens, who get the offices? In the general sweep
of places, who secure the spoils? Are they the
men of ability? Are they the men of integ-
rity ? The great mass of such men are engaged
in business through the country. They are at
their merchandise, on their farms, and in their
work-shops, and so it will turn out that the
idlers, the men who devote themselves to po-
litical intrigue and .manipulate caucuses and
conventions and who stand ready and waiting
for the fat places, will receive the commissions.
These are men who go about seeking for rec-
ommendations and certificates of character
and who load down the tables of the heads of
Departments with evidences of their great and
good qualities, while better men of real ability
and worth stay at home and mind their busi-
ness. So it happens that men who lack capa-
city and character oftentimes obtain office, and
good men are excluded.
Now, sir, how do the facts stand to-day in
our custom-houses and governmental Depart-
ments? When I was at New York lately,
taking some testimony in respect to a subject
which had been referred to the Committee on
Ketrenchraent by a resolution of the Senate,
some statements were made by parties under
oath bearing upon this subject, which seemed
to me to be of a good deal of importance.
Among the number who appeared before the
committee was William E. Dodge, a gentle-
man well known to members of the Senate,
and well known to the country, a man of high
character and whose opinions are worthy of
great respect. His son, William E. Dodge, jr.,
also came before the committee and expressed
in substance the same views which his father
had expressed. I asked that gentleman if he
would not put upon paper the views which he
had expressed to the committee. He did so ;
and I send to the Chair a letter which he handed
me, to be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
There arothreeclasses of clerks in the New York
custom-house on whom devolve its working—
'*First. The fewest possible number of older clerks,
kepi as experts, fioru the sheer necessity of having
some experienced bands to attempt the guidance of
official routine. These poor fellows are kept in a
constant state of terror; never abic to nuke any
plans for the future of themselves or their families ;
never knowing when their instant dismissal may
come. They are obliged to eonaorf and drink with
the political hacks placed in their bureau ; contrib-
ute from their small incomes to election funds;
with no hope of advancement; no stimulus to more
faithful work; no provision m case of illness or old
age., They fear to communieatc their knowledge of
details, knowing the moment it is learned by others
they will lose their own place. They are obliged to
invent more and more intricate means of conducting
in 0r46r to throw a mystery about their
work and preserve their own importance.^ They are
a sad. unhappy set, with no pride or ambition.
"Secondly. A small class, composed of incanables
and shiftless persons, who have never succeeded in
anything, and never will; who have some family or
personal hold on people of larger political influence.
These are pushed into the customs as into a hospital
or safe harbor. They do very little work, and are
not expected to do anything but to draw their pay
with exact and beautiful regularity; to actas figure-
heads at ward primary meetings and, in a feeble and
helpless way, tocheeron the fortunes of the particu-
lar Senator to whose skirts their friends happen to
hang.
"Thirdly. The large class, forming the great bulk
of the clerks, filling to repletion all the old depart-
ments, and for whom new departments are made;
the class in order to give positions to which polit-
ical jugglers rack their ingenuity to make places,
inventing all sorts of intricacies to turn simple busi-
ness forms into problems which ordinary minds can-
not understand, so that some who have done the
party service can have a desk at which entries can
be rechecked and examined again and again in
hopeless confusion. These are the men who have
been the sly workers in local caucuses, the noisy
men in local elections; who have worked and drank
for years; who have a 'hold' upon some higher
office-holder or Congressman or Senator, andinust
bo provided for. For this reward of their faithful
services they have'looked forward for a long, weary
time; and they must make the most of it. They can-
not expect to stay long in their offices, and their
duty to themselves and their families, as they see
duty, compels them to make the most they can.
" The slightest fitness for the post or adaptedness
to the work is not thought of for a moment. They do
as little work and get the most they can. And yet
they are not happy. Each clerk represents a dozen
equally deserving but disappointed political work-
ers who had tried for the same place, and are con-
stantly plotting to undermine him. In old times
a man had a lair chance to hold through the Admin-
istration, but now his tenure is only good until the
'friends' of the 'other Senator'get the upper-
hand. The chaos and confusion growing out of such
working materials can easily be undeistood ; espe-
cially when you add the tact that the collectoris ex-
pected to use mostof his time in political maneuver-
ing; and the tariff under which they act isnow, with
the various rulings under it, the most complicated
over known, and the system of drawbacks intricate
beyond description.
"Can you wonderthatthe votersof the Republican
party, who are for the most part among the thought-
ful and intelligent people, lose their confidence in an
Administration which, in a time ot debt and depres-
sion, allows the most vital point of its financial ma-
chinery to be used for the gain and the squabbles of
low politicians, who in any other sphere would not
be trusted a moment."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
who writes that?
Mr. PATTERSON. William E. Dodge, jr.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A late letter?
Mr. PATTERSON. Written within a week
or ten days, representing his judgment as to
the present condition of the custom-house in
New York ; and it speaks the voice of such
men as A. T. Stewart, Mr. Chittenden, Mr.
Ilutton, and other leading importers of New
York who came before the committee.
Mr. President, the question was asked, when
this bill* was up for discussion the other day,
if the passage read by the Senator from Illi
nois represented the present or the past condi-
tion of the custom-house in the city of New
York. I think this letter answers that ques-
ion, in the judgment of Mr. Dodge.
But, sir, that is not all. We took the testi-
mony of some of the subordinates in the cus-
tom-house, and among others of inspectors
whose duty it is to discharge the steamers
which arrive from day to day at the port of
New York, and we found it a practice of long
standing with these examiners to take from
twelve to fifty dollars of bribe money on the
discharge of every steamer that comes to the
wharf, and then to take an oath at the time
they draw their monthly pay that they have
not received a dollar improperly.
Mr. KENTON. Allow me to ask my friend
from New Hampshire if he does not refer to
inspectors of the custom-house, instead of
examiners ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Inspectors. Did I say
u examiners ?,J I did not mean examiners 5
I meant inspectors.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend just there whether this could be known
to the superior officer, the collector?
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not suppose it
was known until I reported it to the superior
officers; and I wish to say here that I do not
think this reflects any more upon the present
collector and the present heads of the custom-
house at New York than it does upon those
who have held those offices previously, because
this is an evil of long standing. When I re-
ported this circumstance to Mr. Terwilliger
he said, "How can you uproot this evil? You
turn out one set of inspectors and put in a new
set, and they will do the same thing the very
next day after they are appointed." The two
inspectors who were brought before us and
who testified in this way said it was the uni-
versal practice with all the inspectors to do
this thing, and had been time out of mind;
and more than that, it was stated to me by the
agent of one of the principal foreign steam-
ship lines that he had paid $300 of bribe
money only the week before to the inspectors
in order to get his vessel discharged, and that
during the last year he had paid over ten thou-
sand dollars in this way.
Now, sir, it seems to me that it is high time
that this evil was remedied j that we should
attempt, at least, to find some way in which this
dishonesty and corruption can be cut up by
the roots. It does not date from the incoming
of this Administration. This Administration
has done much to relieve the country of such
evils, and I only hope that it will go on unto
perfection and place its reforms upon a sound
and solid basis, so that Administrations which
come after it will not be able to abuse the ap-
pointing power to the dishonor of the country.
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask him a question at this point?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask if this Administration
did much to reform the great iniquity which he
has disclosed to the Senate by forcing the late
Secretary of the Interior from office because
he wanted to interpose some remedy?
Mr. PATTERSON. Well, Mr. President, I
think it remains to be seen that that was the
reason why the Secretary of the Interior left.
I think the Senator assumes what it is neces-
sary to prove.
Mr. DAVIS. I supposed that no well-in-
formed gentleman doubted the truth of this
position: that the late Secretary of the Inte-
rior wanted to control the matter of subordin-
ate appointments in his Department; that he
was pressed upon by members of Congress to
submit himself to their dictation ; that he sub-
mitted the question to the President, and that
the President adhered to and supported the
members of Congress, and would not support
this Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. PATTERSON. If we take the public
prints for evidence of the cause of the removal
of Mr. Cox, we shall be at liberty to assume a
cause which has been given by the Senator
from Kentucky or quite another one. 1, for
my own part, do not know what the facts were ;
but 1 know this: that all this abuse and outrage
has sprung from the policy inaugurated by a
Democratic Administration. General Jack-
son's theory that "to the victors belong the
spoils" is the source of tkese vicious appoint-
ments, and out of these vicious appointments
springs this corruption. What I wantfor myself
is that this Republican Administration should
cut up these Democratic roots, which are pro-
ducing poisoned fruit.
But, Mr. President, this is not all in respect
to the New York custom-house. On the 3d
of Juno, 1809. J. L. Benedict, deputy surveyor
of customs, was under examination. He was
asked by me what he had to say as to the maa-
ner in which appointments were made in the
custom house. He answered :
"A few examples will show you the vice of the
whole system of appointments in the custom-house,
n lthm the last few weeks fifteen out ot nineteen
weighers havo been displaced, and new men put in
their places, who knew nothing about the business.
During the administration of Mr. Smythe, who was
a very clever man, there were tour hundred remov-
