1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
be acted upon together or without being voted
upon separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa has a right to call for a separate
vote.
Mr. HARLAN. I have requested a sepa-
rate vote on each of the amendments for the
reason that no member cf the Indian Com-
mittee was present when' they were adopted in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment on page 1, line
eight, which was passed over in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CORBETT. After this is adopted, do
I understand that it is susceptible of another
amendment, striking out and inserting?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not after it
is adopted.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have reported an amendment to insert
"thirteen" instead of "eleven."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ It will be
in order afterward to move to strike out the
whole clause of which this amendment is a part.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs to that proposition. I supposed it was
necessary to move our amendment now to make
the number thirteen instead of eleven.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ascertain the
preference of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations. It would suit my con-
venience better to take up the amendments we
propose, in connection with the amendments
of the Committee on Appropriations, seriatim
as we proceed, page by page; but it has been
the usage of the Senate first to act on the
amendments agreed on as in Committee of
the Whole. I wish to know whether the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations will
insist on that mode of procedure, or whether
he will permit us to offer our amendments as
we proceed with the bill.
Mr. COLE. I wish to get along with the
matter in such a way as will consume the least
possible time and lead to the least possible
confusion in the construction of the bill. The
amendments that were adopted, as the Sen-
ator says, in the absence of his committee
are not very numerous, and I suppose it will
take but a short time to go through with them.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood that all these
amendments were reserved, and that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs would have the oppor-
tunity of amending those amendments, or
reconsidering any that might be adopted by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
whenever the bill came into the Senate. We
are now in the Senate, and I suppose that
those amendments which were adopted we
must pel feet as we proceed, in order to get
our amendments in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments that were agreed to in Committee of the
Whole are subject to amendment, each one as
it comes up. It is unnecessary to reconsider
them, because they have not yet been adopted.
The question is on the amendment in line eight.
Mr. CORBETT. I move, then, to amend
the amendment by inserting "thirteen."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves to amend the amendment
by substituting " thirteen" for " eight."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, striking out "eleven"
and inserting "eight."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment agreed t.o in Com-
mittee of the Whole was on page t, to strike
out in the clause providing for interpreters,
commencing in line sixty-five, the words
"seventeen extra for the tribes elsewhere at
$400 each; three for the Indiau service in
Utah at $500 each.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to ask the Senate not
to agree to that amendment, and to increase
the number to thirty-seven by striking out
"thirty-six" in line sixty-four, and inserting
"thirty-seven," and to resist striking out on
page 4.
I do not know what information the Com-
mittee on Appropriations may have had. We
invited the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and members of the board of commissioners
to meet with us in considering this bill and
in going over it. It was the united judgment
of these gentlemen that they cannot dispense
with these interpreters. It will be impossible
to get along with a less number. In fact they
want to increase them, by adding one to the
number proposed by the House of Represent-
atives. This is the judgment of the head of the
bureau, and of the gentlemen who are now
acting as a board of Indian commissioners
under a special law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from California to
assent to the arrangement that the amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs
shall go on pari passu with the others?
Mr. COLB. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will be therefore, on the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa, to strike out " thirty-
six " and insert " thirty-seven " on line sixty-
four.
Mr. HARLAN. It is to increase the inter-
preters by one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Are these reserved amend-
ments?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All of the
amendments are reserved.
Mr. THURMAN. I was going to suggest
that if no one wants a separate vote on any
of them the vote be taken in gross.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa has called for a separate vote
on each amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. There is an amendment
that the Committee on Indian Affairs directed
me to propose on the first page, to strike out
the clause beginning on the eighth line and
ending with the thirteenth, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
For pay of superintendent of Indian affairs for
California, and for pay of seven superintendents of
Indian affairs at the rate of $2,500 each per annum,
namely, one for Oregon, one for Washington Terri-
tory, one for the Territory of New Mexico, one for
the Territory of Arizona, one for Montana Territory,
one for the central superintendeney, and one for the
northern superintendeney, $21,100.
Mr. COLE. I have not much to say on that
subject. I hope the amendment will not be
agreed to, for the reason that, as Senators
know generally, these superintendents are
authorized by several separate and distinct
laws, and the salaries fixed at different rates
to meet the contingencies of more or less ser-
vice. 1 hope that the amendment will not be
agreed to, and that the bill will be allowed to
remain as it is in this respect. Another objec-
tion is that it raises the amount by two or three
thousand dollars. That is all I have to say
on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I have one or two in-
quiries to make for information of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and if this
is the proper time I wish to make them now.
They are not germane to any ameudment
offered to the bill, but they are matters that
need some explanation, at least so far as I am
concerned. I find on the sixth page of this
bill an appropriation of $40,000 for the Arick-
arees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans; and on
the next page an appropriation of $30,000 for
the Assiniboines, and $50,000 for the Black-
feet, Bloods, and Piegans; and I believe
there are a number of other appropriations of
the same character. I will read one of them,
for I think they are nearly all in exactly the
same language :
Arickarees, G-ros Ventres, and Mandans:
For this amount, to be. expended m such goods,
provisions, and other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereof, in instructing in agri-
cultural and mechanical pursuits, in providing em-
ployes, educating children, procuring medicine and
medical attendance, care for and support of the
aged, sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort, and improvement, $10,000.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that we have not reached that page yet
or that part of the bill, and we are going over
it now from the commencement; and if he will
reserve his amendment a little while we shall
soon reach that point.
Mr. THURMAN. I only want to ask one
question. I do not rise to make a speech, and
perhaps time will be saved by allowing it to
be answered by the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs now. What I wish to know
is whether these appropriations are made in
pursuance of any treaty, and the similar appro-
priations elsewhere in the bill; I believe there
are a number of them.
Mr. HARLAN. Some of the appropria-
tions contained in this bill are made in pursu-
ance of treaty stipulations, and many of them
are not. Some of them are in accord with the
phraseology of treaties negotiated that we
never ratified ; but Congress has been making
appropriations in pursuance of them from year
to year, because the Indians believed that they
had made the treaties. They were carrying
out the contracts in good faith on their part,
and Congress has been making appropriations
of money to meet them. I do not remember
how it is with these Arickarees and Mandans.
I think there is a treaty with them. But there
are a number of bands of Indians on the upper
Missouri, and in Oregon, Washington, Idaho,
and Montana for whose benefit we appropriate
money with whom we have no treaties what-
ever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, to strike out on
page 4 the words commencing on line sixty-
five 
Mr. HARLAN. Before we reach that I
offer an amendment which is a little different
in phraseology from our printed amendment..
I move to strike out, commencing on page 1,
line fourteen, down to and including line tifty-
six, on page 3, and in lieu of the words to be
striken out to insert:
For pay of sixty-one agents for the following
service, namely:
Nebraska;
G-reatNemaha, Omaha, Winnebago,Pawnee, Otto,
and Santee;
Kansas:
Pottawatomie, Shawnee, Kansas or Ivaw, and
Kickapoo;
Indian territory:
Sac and Fox, Quapaw, Neosho, Upper Arkansas,
Cherokee, Creek, Choctaw, Seminole, Wichita, and
Kiowa;
New Mexico:
Albiquin, Navajo, Cimmaron, Mescatero, South-
ern Apache, and Pueblo;
California:
Hoopa Valley, Round Valley, and Tule River;
Washington Territory:
Neah Bay, Yakama, and Shokomish;
Oregon:
Warm Springs, Grande Rondo, Siletz, and Uma-
tilla;
Montana Territory:
Flat Head, Biackleet, and Crow;
Utah Territory:
Uintah Valley;
Nevada:
Walker River;
Idaho:
Nez Perc6, Fort Ilall;
Colorada:
White River, Los Pinos ;
Dakota Territory:
Sisseton, Devil's Lake, Whetstone, Fort Burthold,
Upper Missouri, Ponca, Yankton, Grand River,
Cheyenne River, and Red Cloud;
Minnesota:
Chippewa;
Michigan:
Michigan;
