1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. HARLAN, I had a conviction that a
belief existed in certain quarters that a good
man ought to donate a part of his services if
he worked for the Government, that a bad
man must be paid all his work is worth; bat
if you hire a preacher or a missionary, then
you must make him work at under-prices. I
do not think that is right. Besides, when you
come to analyze the subject, you will find that
good men are, in this respect, very much like
those who may be not quite so good. Their
talent will command service at various rates.
Good missionaries and' good preachers of a
high order of talent will command high pay
in civilized society, and you will not very
readily induce many of that class to go to the
frontier and live among savages for extremely
low pay. That there are some men who will
make the sacrifice and go I have no doubt,
because they are going; but when you reduce
them to the necessity of living on less than
their services are worth, then you must take
an inferior kind of talent, or you must appeal
to the benevolence of the communities whence
they go to make up the deficiency.
Now, in attempting to correct this Indian ser-
vice it seems to me the Congress of the United
States ought not to proceed 011 this theory.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says that
these agents, among other perquisites of a
house and a garden, have the service of vari-
ous Indians. Why, sir, if an Indian agent
employs an Indian, he is compelled to pay him
in dollars and cents for every hour's work he
performs. The Indian does not work for noth-
ing, more than a white man, except under
compulsion; and I suppose it is not the inten-
tion of Congress to reduce the Indians to
slavery in any form, to compel them to work
for the agents for nothing; and if.an Indian
agent hires an Indian and pays him it does
not add anything to the aggregate of his re-
ceipts. But in view of the objection made by
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions and the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, I move to amend the amendment by
striking out "two thousand" and inserting
"eighteen hundred."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is in the Senator's control, not having
been acted on. It will be modified by striking
out $2,000 and inserting $1,800.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that these agents
had the service of the Indians, and I have no
doubt they have, practically. It is true they
cannot compel the Indian to work, but they
can practically fix the wages of the Indian.
Among these Indian tribes there are but few
occupations. The Indian agent has substan-
tially the control of them. He may employ
them, and I have no doubt does, at a trifle;
ten, fifteen, twenty, or thirty cents a day will
buy such labor as he can get out of an Indian,
so that practically these Indian agents are a
kind of head chief or missionary among the
Indian tribes, controlling their labor, govern-
ing them, managing them; and they practi-
cally have command of all the labor within
the Indian tribe.
Some of the older Indiati tribes who have been
well established on reservations have fallen
into civilized habits and govern themselves,
and there the Indian agent has very little to do,
except under the new dispensation of preach-
ing the gcfSpel, and that is the best possible
employment he could have. I think that in a
civilized Christian Indian tribe, on a reserva-
tion, the chief employment of the Indian agent
isfirst to see that the Indian tribe gets the money
appropriated by law and next to administer his
office as a preacher among them ; and he ha,s
but very little to do. In the old days the Indian
agents generally absented themselves from the
reservations, were away a good deal, and only
attended at the annual distribution of goods
or money. Many of them were absent most
of the time. Under the present system the
agents become missionaries, establish schools,
and introduce some system of education. I do
not think there is any general demand among
them for an increase of pay. So far as I know,
the applications for appointments are now as
numerous as they were under the old system,
but they come from a different class of men.
Mr. STEWART. I inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations how much
this amendment increases the appropriation.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it must be increased
about twenty thousand dollars at least. If
applied to all of the agencies it would raise it
about twenty-five thousand dollars; but it does
not apply to all, I believe.
Mr. STEWART. I think the Indian agents
are the best paid officers of the Government.
In my experience I never saw one that did not
get rich, unless he was drunk or something of
that kind. They all live in fine houses, they
are all rich. I have lived for over twenty years
in a country where there have been a good
many Indian agents, and, in my observation,
they get rich. I think they can get along with
their present salaries. Besides, although I
have no influence to have an agent appointed,
and have had none appointed on my recom-
mendation, because I am unfriendly to the
Indian system, and, therefore, have great
delicacy in recommending anybody, I receive
numerous letters from people in that country,
and all of them are accompanied by suggest-
ions that if they could only get the place of
Indian agent they could make a very fine
thing out of it, and they think that very im-
portant. The place is very much sought;
and under your system, no matter how you
fix it up, they are going to get along very well.
That is my observation. I think if you took
the salary away altogether you could get plenty
of men just as honest.
Mr. CORBETI. There are sixty-one of
these agents ; if according to the proposition
of the Senator from Iowa you add $300 apiece
to their salaries it will raise the total amount
by $18,300. That is the increase of pay of
these sixty-one agents. We have heard it
stated here upon the floor of the Senate, I
believe time and time again, that no agent
could live upon $1,500, and that therefore he
must be a dishonest man and that he must
steal. Consequently the effort has been to
throw discredit on the whole Indian system.
Now, sir, these salaries were fixed a great
many years ago, when we were upon a coin
basis, when all kinds of supplies were about
half what they are now. We now propose to
raise these salaries $300 apiece, that we may
obtain the very best men. I know, heretofore
that we have had very good agents and they
have done a very good work, and I presume
that there have been many of those agents'
who have acted from very humane and good
motives ; but unhappily it is not the case in
every instance.
If these agents, these missionaries, go into
this distant portion of the country and take
their families and their children, they cannot
afford to live there, support their families, and
lay up anything certainly, unless they receive
at least $1,800 a year. If we expect them to
perform this work and spend every cent they
get and lay up nothing for a rainy day or for
their children, it seems to me we cannot induce
the best men to go into the service.
This proposition has been recommended by
the commission that have been out and visited
the various agencies. They recommend that
the salaries be raised to $2,000. They think
that no Indian agent should receive a less sum
than that in order to employ the best men and
induce them to enter the service. The small
increase of $300 on each amounts to $18,300,
and we soon waste that much. We had better
strike out some other appropriation here and
save that amount and give these men a suffi-
cient salary to induce them to go there, take
their families, and raise their children and
send them to school.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask hid a question ?
Mr. CORBETT. I will.
Mr. NYE. Why not take a resident Chris-
tian living in the vicinity where these Indians
are? This proposition seems to proceed on the
hypothesis that there are no Christians outside
of the bounds of the knowledge bf these com-
missioners. Now, they s-end a^Christian from
Kansas to Nevada as a little local reserva-
tion agent. I asked the man at the head of
this commission the other day,"in the Interior
Department, why he did not appoint a Nevada
Christian. He can find any kind of a Chris-
tian there as good as they have in Kansas,
who lives there, and who will be glad to take
$1,500; but it seems that nothing but imported
Christians will do for these offices. Now, sir,
there are as many varieties of Christians in
Oregon as there are anywhere, and as good
ones; if the honorable Senator from-Oregon
will not say it, I will. There is no use in
importing a Christian from Kansas to Oregon
or Nevada to act as Indian agent.
Why, sir, in Nevada we have Quakers, we
have Episcopalians, we have Unitarians, we
have Presbyterians, we have Baptists—the
wash-feet and the natural Baptists, [laugh-
ter,] and all kinds of Baptists ; and there is
110 occasion for going to the State of Kansas
to bring a Christian into Nevada as Indian
agent because somebody on this commission
knows of a dilapidated preacher who cannot
get his living at home and therefore seeks to
pension him on the Indian department. Take
a Nevada Christian, put him in charge of the
Indians in Nevada, and I will guaranty that he
is as good a Christian as you can getin Kansas.
That is not the remedy for this thing. There
is no use in transporting Christians in this way.
Now, when you come to consider what is a
Christian, how do you get at it? A Hicksite
Quaker says that Jesus Christ is the natural
son of Joseph and Mary. Now, tell me what
right he has to be called a Christian according
to my belief? And yet we are bound hand and
foot, and if they can find a Hicksite Quaker
in Philadelphia or New York, away he goes to
Nevada, or to Oregon, or to Washington Ter-
ritory, and is put in charge of Indians because
he is a Christian of that kindl Let the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon look around in
his own State and he will see Christian men,
and as good Christians as there are anywhere,
who will be glad to take these places for $1,500
a year. There is no use in this system of
transporting Christians to the West, and I
protest against it.
Mr. COKBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I would like to interrupt
the Senator from Oregon for a moment.
Mr. CORBETT. I prefer to go on. I have
only a few remarks to make. I agree to some
extent with what the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] has just said. If the Secretary of
the Interior will call upon the local Christian
organizations in the section of country where
the Indians are situated for men for whom the;/
will be responsible, I think it would be better
than to appoint men from a distant State, and
send among our people persons whom they do
not know, and whom the local Christian organ-
izations will not be responsible for. . I believe
that it is necessary to have local organizations
to oversee the work in the distant portions of
the country; and with men whom they know
and for whom they will be responsible the sys-
tem may be carried out effectually and may
become a success. I have no doubt that good
Christians can be found in Nevada, although
I have not met many of that kind in my travels.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator has not
associated with our best people. [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. Judging from my acquaint-
ance with the gentlemen who represent Nevada
here, 1 have 110 doubt that such Christians can
be found there.
Mr. NYE. Thank you.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 hope, Mr. President,
this amendment will be adopted. It is a very
