1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
Email increase ofthe appropriation, and I think
it will secure better and more efficient men for
the service.
Mr. STEWART. There is one argument
suggested by the Senator from Oregon which
I think is conclusive against this amendment.
He said he wanted to send a better clas3 of
men to the Indians. Now, I am opposed to
sending a better class of men, because I do not
want to ruin tUem in any such business. Those
who come out at present are generally ruined
already, and I do not want any better class
sent. If we are going to destroy a. portion of
the whites and all the Indians by this system
of feeding Indians, I certainly do not want to
offer any inducement to any better men. It is
bad enough to destroy and ruin the mean men.
Let them go.
Now, as to the Nevada Christians, the Sen-
ator says that he has not. met any that are up
to his standard of Christianity. I do not
know what that standard may be, and I sug-
gest to him that there may be a question about
his capacity of judging of good Christians.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggested that I had
not met many, because I had never met many
Nevadians. That was the point.
Mr. STEWART. I want to know if the
Senator from Oregon has full confidence in
his own capacity of judging what a good
Christian is?
Mr. CORBETT. Not at all.
Mr. THURMAN. If Indian agents cannot
live on $1,500 a year, that is a good reason for
raising their salary. If you cannot get good
men for §1,500 a year, that is a good reason
for paying a higher salary. But I cannot
agree that the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, that it is
necessary to raise these salaries in order to
prevent the agents from stealing, is any good
reason for raising them, as he proposes. He
tells us that there is a universal sentiment in
the country which attributes larceny to this
class of public employes; that they are said
to steal; and that one reason why they steal
is that the Government does not give them
enough to support them, and they take the
office with a tacit understanding that they may
eke out a subsistence by " ways that are dark"
and "tricks that are" not "vain."
Mr. President, I think that is a very humil-
iating thing to be stated here. If it is true,
certainly it is very humiliating. _ We have
claimed some credit before the civilized world
for humanity in our treatment of the Indians;
we have repelled charges of inhumanity
that have been made against us, from time
to time, with something of indignation, and
pointed out the large amounts of money that
we annually expend and the efforts that we
annually make for the civilization^ of the
Indians and for bettering their condition; arid
are we to tell the civilized world now that the
men we send upon these humane and chari-
table and Christian objects are a set of thieves?
Are the sixty-one agents who are now in office
a set of rogues ? If they are, who is respons-
ible for it? Cannot sixty-one honest men be
found in the United States who would accept
these offices? If they are a set of plunderers,
who, I repeat, is responsible but the man or
the men by whom they were appointed! Why
is it that they are allowed to hold their places
if they are men of this characterI know
nothing about it.
Mr. STEWART. I will answer the Sena-
tor if he will allow me?
Mr. THCJRMAN. In a moment; or, if the
Senator prefers, he can do so now.
Mr. STEWART. I will.state the reason.
It is because in the business itself, in the way
it is carried on, there are no checks and bal-
ances, there is no way of detecting, there is
no way of determining what really occurs
between the agents and the Indians; and the
result lias been to demoralize nineteen out of
twenty who have had anything^ to do with the
business, from the very beginning.
Mr. THURMAN. The theory of the Sen-
ator from Nevada is that every man is a ras-
cal if he can be a rascal without being caught;
that the crime consists in detection, not in its
perpetration. I do not believe any such thing.
1 have a better opinion of human nature. I
believe that sixty-one honest men can be found,
even for $1,500 a year, who will discharge
this service. But if it were not so, what would
$300 be? Would that stop their larceny ? Do
they steal only to the amount of $300 apiece?
Have you ascertained precisely the amount of
their stealing, and find that it averages §300
apiece, so that you will agree to pity them that
much more if they will quit stealing? Why,
Mr. President, if they are men of that char-
acter, if they are rogues now, they will be none
the less rogues when you have raised their sal-
aries to $1,800 a year. Why, sir, it is a dis-
grace to this country if these men are of the
character that is supposed. Here we appro-
priate immense sums of money every year. I
do not know what is the aggregate of the
appropriations in this bill; it is perhaps two
or three millions, is it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Five millions.
Mr. THURMAN. Five millions! How
much of that goes through the hands of these
agents? Are we putting $5,000,000, or the
half of it, into the hands of sixty-one rogues?
If so, we are responsible; and if there are not
laws which guard that money and which pro-
tect both the Government and the Indians from
this plunder Congress is responsible, because
it does not pass such laws.
Why, sir, I asked the chairman awhile ago
to explain an appropriation, and inquired of
him whether there was any provision in any
treaty for it. He said he did not know. I have
examined since, and find thjfe is none ; and
that appropriations of that character alone for
which there is no provision by any treaty in
this bill—those that I have been able on a
hasty looking over the bill to detect—amount to
$315,000; nearly a third of a million dollars.
Is that money to go through the hands of sixty-
one rogues? It our system is so radically
defective as that we had better not have any
Indian agencies at all, or else we ouglit to go
about at once at a reformation of the system
which shall give us some cheeks and some
safeguards; but it will never do in the world
to suppose that you can make these men hon-
est, if they are not honest, by giving them $300
a year more. That will not make them honest.
Men through whose hands millions of dol-
lars are pas3ingare not going to be made clean-
handed men by giving them the paltry addi-
tional sum of $300 a year. That is too poor
an insurance on honesty, too poor a premium
to pay for it. They will still resort to their
devious ways, if they are men of the character
that has been attributed to them. No, sir, I
do not know whether they are bad men or not
bad men. I know that to be an Indian agent
is to be suspected. I know not one of them ;
but this I do know, that good, honest men can
be obtained, and as such men can be obtained,
if they are not in office it is the fault of the
appointing power.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I did not
intend to say, and do not believe I did say,
that those who have been employed as Indian
agents heretofore and those who are now in
the employ of the Government were and are
thieves, I had no intention to say any such
thing. I spoke of a conviction that seemed
to prevail in the public mind that Congress
authorized the payment of compensation to
these persons at so low a rate that it was by
no means certain you coald command the talent
needed. , ,,
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator thought
that that conviction in the public mind was
entitled to no consideration why did he urge
that as a reason for raisiBg the salaries?
Mr. HARLAN. I am too good a democrat
to believe that a public opinion prevailing uni-
versally over a nation composed of forty mil
lion people may not have some foundation.
I believe in public opinion, au intelligent pub-
lic opinion. It is an intelligent public opinion
that rules this country, and I, for one, am not,
disposed to defy it in this Chamber. When I
find a conviction of that kind prevailing all
over this nation, that you cannot command
the talent needed in a particular branch ofthe
service for the amount paid, it is a reason to
my mind why the pay should be increased.
To illustrate what I mean on this subject I
will refer to the compensation heretofore paid
to a very high officer of this Government. 1
have before me a schedule giving the pay of
some of the officers of the Government, com-
mencing at the beginning, and the various in-
creases from time to time. I will take that of
Attorney General to illustrate. I find that in
1789, when the Constitution was adopted, Con-
gress provided a salary of $1,500 for the Attor-
ney General of the United States. Ten yeais
afterward they increased the pay to $3,000; in
1819 the pay was increased to $3,000; in 1850
to $6,000; and iu 1853 to $8,000. I have no
doubt but that you can find an honest man
willing to serve as Attorney General for the
first salary, $1,500 a year, or for no salary at
all, because I find that a great nation and a
wise people are able to secure inhabitants of
their country who are willing to serve in the
highest positions for no pay. I refer to our
immediate ancestors. I have been informed
that the highest officers of the British Govern-
ment receive no salary whatever; they serve
without pay; but this is in the interest of
aristocracy. A man of wealth may serve his
Government without pay; and if we desire
that wealth should control this nation, and not
brains, then we ought to put salaries down
or require our officials to serve for nothing.
But it you wish that brains shall rule, as they
ought to in a lepublie at least, then you must
pay men whom you desire to employ what then-
services are worth. I suppose it was for this
reason that the pay of the Attorney General
was raised from §1,500 to $8,000 a year, not
because no man in the Republic could be found
competent to discharge the duties of that office
for $1,500 who would accept it. A man might
accept it for the honor; he might discharge
the "duties of that ofSce gratuitously lor the
honor, for the notoriety, for the fame it would
give him ; and possibly some would accept it.
fiom patriotic impulses alone. So it is in alt
these other positions. Men prate about the
extravagance ot raising salaries. It is m the
interest of freedom; it is in thejnterest of
democracy. Those who are not willing to pay
for services what they are worth are at heart,
as I believe, in favor of an aristocracy—an
aristocracy that will lead to a monarchy. If
you fix salaries so that poor men cannot hold
the offices, you make it necessary to appoint
men of wealth.
There may be some men who will serve a*s
Indian asetus for $1,500 a year, the salary
fixed many long years ago when money was
relatively more than double what it is now.
There arc men that will serve on that salary.
There may be good, honest men who will do
so; but there are very few people in this Re-
public who believe that a man who is qualified,
who is a good man for such a place, ought not
to have pay a little above this.
Personally, I do not care what the Senate
does with this amendment. As the organ of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, after having
offered it and asked fortheyeas and nays upon
i its adoption or rejection, I shall have discharged
! u\v duty, and whatever the decision of the Sen-
^ ale may be t-u it I shall be content,
i Mr. THURMAN. Now we have a new
argument in favor of this increase of salaries,
and that is, that it is necessary to raise the
salaries to keep these Indian agencies from
being monopolized by the aristocrats 1 Well,
