1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
Then, sir, we have been meeting all this
week, and shall continue to do so, one hour
earlier than before, meeting at eleven o'clock.
What time does that leave us, after deducting
committee business, to transact any other busi-
ness for our constituents, to attend to anything
in the world? It may be very well for gentle-
men who have clerks of committees at their
command, but for Senators here who are not
in that fortunate situation, and especially for
members of a minority as few in numbers as
that to which I belong, it is really a great op-
pression to insist on night meetings, especially
when in every case they have proved so fruit-
less. I hope members of the majority will
consider somewhat the last argument.
Mr. HILL. I think it ought to be remem-
bered that a good many of the members of this
body, joining in the festivities of the past two
days, were up to a late hour last night; and it
is hardly to be believed that it would advance
the appropriation bill for us to sit here to-night
and legislate. It seems to me there will be no
real economy in compelling us to come back
here at half past seven. I hope the motion
will not be adopted. I have every disposition
to facilitate the passage of the appropriation
bills, but I do not believe this course is advis-
able. I hope the motion will not prevail. I
would rather the Senator from California
would withdraw it.
Mr. COLE. I would prefer to take the sense
of the Senate on it. Of course, the matter
is subject to the decision of the Senate. I will
state that my colleague is a little at fault in
his recollection. We made very great progress
one night I remember, and the other night, in
the midst of the carnival arrangements of this
city, of course there was some difficulty in
having a quorum. The carnival is now over,
and I think it is quite time the Senate went to
work. There are only eight or nine more days
of this session, and unless we are pretty dili-
gent the business of the session will fail to be
transacted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California,
that at half past four o'clock to-day the Sen-
ate takfc a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 17.
Mr. CASSEttLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. Before the yeas and nays
are taken on this motion I have a word to say.
Last week we had night sessions, and many
gentlemen who were in favor of them did not
come. I should like to see how many of those
who vote for this night session are going to
attend it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conklmg, Corbett, Cragm,
.Edmunds, i' la.natran, Gilbert, Hamilton of lexas,
Hamlin,llarlan, Howard, McDonald, Morrill ofVer-
mont, Is ye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer. Sher-
man, Sprague, Stearns, Stewart, Thayer, Warner,
and Williams—30.
NAYS—Mes=is. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Davis, Fowler, 11 ami!ton of Maryland, Hill,
Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, Robertson, Ross, and
Yickers—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell. Fentoii, Ferry, Harris, Howe, Howell, Kel-
logg, Morrill at' Maine, Morton. Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Revels, Rico, S.iulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Spen-
cer, Stockton, Sumner, Ttiurinan,Tipton, Irumbull,
V/illcy, Wilson, and Yates—29.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the next amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment made
as in pommitteeof the Whole, on page 4, lines
sixty-five, sixty-six and sixty-seven, in the
clause making appropriation for the pay of in-
terpreters, to strike out the words "seventeen
extra for the tribes elsewhere at $400 each ;
three for the Indian service in Utah at §500
each."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in this amendment. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs recommend non-con-
currence.
Mr. COLE. This is a provision for inter-
preters. I only wish to call the attention of
Senators to the fact that four lines preceding
this amendment there is provision " for pay of
ninety interpreters." We propose to amend
tEat clause by striking out the provision'for
" seventeen for tribes elsewhere and three for
Utah, at $500 each." It seemed to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that there were
enough of these interpreters already provided
for to meet all emergencies. I do not see what
use so large a number of interpreters can be.
I do not suppose they are very often employed
any way. There are always some persons
among the Indians who can talk English, or
some of the agents, perhaps, who can talk the
dialect of the tribe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that if this clause be stricken
out the number "ninety" on the preceding
page should be reduced, as ninety embraces
all that are proposed to be stricken out; as he
will see by adding them up.*
Mr. HARLAN. This is another illustra-
tion of the action of the honorable Committee
on Appropriations in the absence of inform-
ation. They do not know why this clause
should be in, and therefore they move to strike
it out. It comes in the bill from the House
of Representatives. It is asked for by the
Department. The Department say that all
these interpreters are needed. Now, if we are
to take the judgment of the House and the
judgment of the Department in preference to
the want of information of the Committee on
Appropriations, it seems to me we shall not
concur in this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out these interpreters from the bill.
The amendment was concurred in ; there
being on a division—ayes 22, noes 17.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 4, lines seventy-one,
seventy-two, and seventy-three, to strike out
the words "nine for the Indian service in
the Territories of Arizona, Colorado, Idaho,
Wyoming, and the State of Nevada, at $500
each ' '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Appropriations recommended the striking
out of this clause, and it was stricken out in
Committee of the Whole, and the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs recommend that it shall
remain in the bill. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment made in Committee
of the Whole, striking out the clause.
Mr. NYE. I do not see what one of these
imported agents can do out there without ati
interpreter. I think they ought not to be
stricken out. These agents will not be able
to hold any communication with the Indians
unless they have interpreters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you have thirty-six
already provided for.
Mr. NYE. There are none there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They can put them there.
I will state to my friend from Nevada that the
bill provides for thirty-six interpreters "for
the tribes elsewhere that is, out of Oregon,
Washington. Utah, and New Mexico.
Mr. NYE. But my friend will remember
that if we are to take an Indian from New
Mexico to Nevada he would not understand
the Pi-Ute any more than he would Greek or
Hebrew. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly true.
My friend did not understand the point. We
provide for thirty-six interpreters for tribes
other than those in Oregon and the Territo-
ries of Washington, Utah, and New Mexico.
Out of those thirty-six Nevada can be sup-
plied.
Mr. NYE. But I understand this amend-
ment strikes out Nevada by name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It strikes out Nevada by
name, as being entitled to nine, or any part of
nine, but still leaves her to be provided for out
of the general stock of thirty-six for all the
other service.
Mr. NYE. Then we shall not get any.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to my colleague
that I think we can avoid the whole difficulty
by striking out the $15,000 that is appropriated
for the service in Nevada. We can do that at
the proper time, and not bother about this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out these nine interpreters from
the bill for the Territories and the State of
Nevada.
Mr. COLE. I have but one remark to make
on this amendment. These interpreters were
not appropriated for in prior years. They are
submitted to the Senate and to Congress to
act upon thern. I do not think they are really
called for.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to be useless to
ask for the appropriations necessary for this
service. The head of the Indian department,
himself an Indian, supposed to be familiar
with this service, says he must have that num-
ber of interpreters to enable him to hold inter-
course with the Indian tribes, to enable the
agents to perform their duties. That is the
judgment of the department, the judgment of
those who are connected with this service, and
we have no information here to the contrary,
not one iota. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on striking out this clause from the bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from California now move to amend the
bill, on page 3, line sixty-one, by striking out
"ninety" and inserting "sixty-one" ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I move to reduce
the number by twenty-nine, so that it will
read, " for pay of sixty-one interpreters."
The VICE. PRESIDENT. If there be
no objection,"the number of interpreters will
be reduced to sixty-one, to correspond to the
amendments that have already been made.
The next amendment, on page 4, line sev-
enty-four, reduces the appropriation so as to
correspond with what the Senate have now
agreed to by their votes. The Chair presumes
that the Senator from Iowa does not propose
to press the amendment of his committee to
that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was in lines seventy-seven and
seventy-e:ght, to strike out " $2,500" and in-
sert "$5,000," and after the word "Indians"
insert "including deficiency for current fiscal
year; so as to make the clause read, "tor
vaccine matter and vaccination of Indians,
including deficiency for current fiscal year,
$5,000."
Mr. COLE. We have no reason given for
that increase, and I hope it will not be agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish simply to state
that this is an appropriation to prevent the
spread of disease among the Indians. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs was before
our committee, and stated that the fund was
entirely exhausted, and it would be necessary
to make a larger appropriation this year for
that purpose. That is the information pre-
sented to us, and 1 hope the amendment will
be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
six, noes not counted.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 5, line one hundred
and seven, to strike out "seven" and insert
"live," so as to make the appropriation for
the transportation of goods to the Apaches,
Kiowas, and Comanches §5,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The Department say that
they cannot ship these goods lor $5,000, that
they will need the whole amount proposed by
