,1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Income Tax—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
steadying governor of our finances, and ulti-
mately for the payment of such of our notes
as may be presented for redemption. The re-
sumption of specie payments should be the
result of the gradual appreciation of the public
credit without a forced contraction of the cur
rency, and, above all, should not be hastened
by a forced and unforeseen sale of the>gold in
the Treasury.
The immediate effect of the sale of gold on
business is to decrease the price of the gold.
As a matter of course, the more of this com-
modity you throw upon the market the lower
the price will be. The effect of that at once
is to disturb values, as between the creditor
and debtor. If an ofBeer of the Government,
without reflecting upon the consequences, were
to throw upon the market a large amount of
gold, he would bear the market down, and
perhaps bring ruin and devastation upon the
debtors of the country by changing the value
of the standard in which their debt was con-
tracted ; and if this amount of gold is dimin-
ished to too great a degree the other effect is
produced. Undoubtedly the Secretary of the
Treasury might force down gold nearly to par
in paper, and might in thirty days compel the
resumption of specie payments by the exhaus
ti'on of all the gold on hand; but what would
be the effect? The honorable Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] can inform
us. If the resumption of specie payments is
forced by the depletion of the Treasury, by
the sale of all the gold in the Treasury, how
can specie payments be maintained? The
whole weight and burden of specie payments
■will fall upon the Government whenever the
Government resumes. Why? Because the
greenbacks themselves aie the basis of our
bank circulation, and if this gold is forced
into sale the effect of that forced sale may
bring the price of gold to the paper standard;
but the inevitable result would be that we
could not for a moment maintain the resump-
tion of specie payments, because we would
have no specie on hand to redeem the notes'
that would be presented.
Now, Mr. President, there is a very exag-
gerated idea of the amountof gold in the Treas-
ury. I have here an official statement made
within a day or two, which shows the precise
nature and character of this " enormous mass
of gold." If Senators will look at the last
statement of the public debt, they will find
that on the 1st of Jauuary, 1871, the coin in
the Treasury amounted to $107,802,280 95,
and there were outstanding coin certificates to
the amount of $26,149,000; showing a re-
mainder, the actual property of the Govern-
ment, of $81,653,280 95. The gold certifi-
cates are merely deposits of private individ-
uals, and by the very terms of the certificates
the gold must be kept on hand. There was a
coin liability at that date, (January 1, 1871,)
for interest previously due and unpaid, of
$6,327,196 16; and the interest becoming due
on that day amounted to $28,479,635. There
remained unpaid and due on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1871, on the principal of the loan of
1860, $4,119,000, and interest on the same,
amounting to $107,775; showing a net balance
in the Treasury of $42,619,674 79. That is
the precise amount. This does not include
either accruing interest or notes and bonds
accruing from some time in September and
November up; nor ought they properly to be
included, because, as a matter of course, that
amount will always remain.
It is complained that while this $42,000,000
of gold is lying idle in the Treasury we lose the
interest on it. So we do ; but why is it main-
tamed there? If it was not there we would
soon find out the reason. That gold is the only
steadying balance-wheel of our whole finan-
cial system. It is remarkable that our paper
money now varies scarcely the shadow of a
shade. The gradual appreciation in the value
of our paper money has been almost imper-
ceptible, but as sure as the falling of the snow
upon the earth. Suppose that $40,000,000 of
surplus gold had not been on hand; the bulls
and bears of New York could at any moment
toss the value of all commodities upon the
waves of speculation. There is no power in
the Government to prevent at any moment a
combination, either for the Hoarding of green-
backs or for forced sales of gold, except that
fulcrum resting in the vaults of the Treas-
ury, by which any attempt to interfere with the
natural order of things and the business of
this country may at once be put a check to.
Why, sir, Mr. Boutwell saved more to this
country in September, 1869, by the mere
threat to sell $3,000,000 of gold, than all the
gold in the Treasury. The business men of
this country and the business interests of this
country would have been sacrificed by that
speculation to a greater extent by far than all
the gold in the Treasury. It is only that great
balance-wheel that enables him to keep those
speculators in check.
If that gold was sold now upon the market
it might bring us very near to specie payments,
but the very moment we had reached them we
would have 110 power to maintain them ; and
if it was sold gradually in the market, so as
not to effect a change in our currency, it would
enable speculators for their own ends at any
time to make a corner in the market, and thus
toss into uncertainty all the busiuess transac-
tions of life.
But it is said we lose the interest on this
gold. So we do. Does not a bank lose inter-
est on its reserves? It is illogical for us to
complain of the loss of interest on this gold
when we are by means of that gold maintaining
at a reasonable price over three hundred ana
ninety million dollars of forced paper money.
The only reserve now on hand to maintain
the credit of that $390,000,000 is the gold in
the Treasury, after paying the balances that
are chargeable against it. We require of
every bank in the United States to maintain
a reserve of from fifteen to twenty-five per
cent., not.only on its circulation but on its
deposits. Why do we do that?
Why do we compel them to hoard idle in
their vaults one fourth of their entire capital,
deposits, and circulation? Merely in order
that they may be able to redeem, if they
are called upon for redemption. There is no
right to maintain paper money in circulation,
either by banks or individuals, unless there is
an absolute, demonstrable ability at any time
to redeem that circulation. The only reserve
that has been retained by the Government to
steady the market price of this paper money,
to appreciate its value, and ultimately to reach
specie payments, is that $42,000,000 of gold
lying idle in the Treasury; and that gold does
not bear as large a proportion to our circula-
tion as the feeblest and most insignificant bank
in the most remote western State is compelled
to maintain day by day, to guard against the
uncertainty of the redemption of its notes,
although they may be secured by United States
bonds. Therefore, I say it is illogical to com-
plain about the hoarding of this gold merely
because we lose interest on it, when we gain
interest on $390,000,000 of paper money. We
gain $32,000,000 and we lose $2,500,000.
The true policy of specie payments, in my
judgment, is, to offer in exchange for our notes
such a bond as can probably be maintained
at par with gold, and with such an ample re-
serve of gold that dissenlients can be paid in
coin, if demanded. In this way the United
States can cease to make money, except the
standard coin at the mints, and the business
of banking, like any other business, will bereft
to private individuals under general law. Ihe
United States can protect the noteholder with
the most absolute security, and the amount of
paper money will be left to the same laws
which limit the amount of other productions,
and each producer and consumer will, in an
imperceptible way, affect its quantity just as
he does the quantity of wheat, corn, or cottoa
produced and consumed. The vast benefit con-
ferred upon the United States by the national
banking system will then be fully realized. It
combines private capita! and enterprise with
Government security and uniform value, and
will never be jeopardized by State banks or
the impracticable idea of an exclusive metallic
currency.
Mr. President, the financial success of this
Administration has been wonderful indeed,
and we who are agents to some extent of this
Administration can with pride congratulate
ourselves upon the beneficial effects of the
Administration upon the finances of our coun-
try. Let us look at it for a moment. When
General Grant came into power a paper dol-
lar was worth only seventy-one cents in gold;
to-day it is worth ninety-one cents in gold, or
an advance of nearly twenty-seven per cent.,
without any distress and without any contrac-
tion. The same greenbacks are now afloat,
the same in amount, undiminished by a single
dollar, and yet the steady, advancing credit
of our country has appreciated the value of
every one of those greenbacks twenty-seven
per cent. Our five-twenty bonds, when Gen-
eral Grant came into power, were worth eighty-
three cents in gold; now they are worth ninety-
seven in gold, and, in my judgment, within a
very short time will be worth par, and will be
paid off. Here is an advance, without any con-
siderable diminution of the amount of these
bonds, by the simple appreciation of our public
credit from eighty-three to ninety-seven cents.'
The banks have not been disturbed in their
loans to the people, but have increased them.
Everybody believed that when we approached
specie payments the banks would be compelled"
to contract; and yet, during all this time,
while we are approaching specie payments
so rapidly, the banks have enlarged their
loans. On the 1st of March, 1869, they were
$658,000,000, and now they are $712,000,000.
Not only that, the debt has been reduced,
not by an increase of taxes, but by a saving
in expenditures nearly two hundred million
dollars. No additional tax has been levied,
but, by the saving of expenditures as compared %
with previous Administrations, they have been
reduced some $200,000,000. I admit that
much of the expenditure incurred during Mr.
Johnson's administration was for debts float-
ing and unsettled and unliquidated of the late
war. I am not now making any political allu-
sion at all, nor seeking to arraign that Admin-
istration. I only speak of it as a fact that
with diminished taxes, increased value of our
paper money and increased value of our bonds,
we have paid off nearly two hundred million
dollars of our indebtedness, and are now within
a few cents of specie payments.
While this process has been going on we
were able at the last session to reduce our
taxes over eighty-two million dollars a year,
by a carefully adjusted system, in which nearly
all the obnoxious taxes were swept away, ana
two thirds of the income tax, about which we
are now talking, were swept away. We confi-
dently expect at the next session not only
again largely to reduce taxes but to so adjust
them that those that remain will fall more
lightly on our people. These things may P'&y
but a small part in the political debates of the
day, but they are the strength of this Admin-
istration. .
Under these circumstances, my own judg-
ment is that it would be an act of folly to
repeal the income tax or any other tax now-
levied ; that the income tax ought not to be
singled out from among the mass of taxes
