1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
in the western part of the Indian country, not
far from Fort Cobb.
Mr. COLE. Then, if that be the case, rail-
roads extend in that direction, and are extend-
ing from year to year farther toward that
country.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no railroad extend-
ing toward them. There is a railroad built in
another direction a little nearer to them than
it was some years ago; and on this account
the Commissioner thought he could get along
with less than the estimate ; he thought he
could get along with $7,500; bnt he did not
think he could getalong with $5,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amountfixed
by the House of Representatives is §10,000.
The Committee of the Whole reduced it to
$5,000. The Committee on Indian Affairs
move to amend the amendment by inserting
$7,500 instead of $5,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 11, line two hundred
and fifty-two, to strike out "five" and insert
'•three ; " so that the clause will read :
For insurance, transportation, and necessary cost
of delivery of annuity and provisions for Chippewas
of Lake Superior, $3,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Indian Affairs propose that this appropria-
tion shall remain at $5,000, as it came from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. I have the same explana-
tion to make in relation to this amendment.
The Department think they cannot ship the
goods for the amount of money named in the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The amendment was.concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 11, after line two
hundred and fifty-two, in the appropriations
for the Chippewas of Lake Superior, to insert
'• for the salary of physician, $1,200; and for
medicines, $300."
Mr. COLE. I should like to know some
reason for that. I do not know why these
additional appropriations should be made. I
have not any explanation before me.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no physician pro-
vided for by treaty. The Indians of course are
subject to the small-pox, which is now prevail-
ing among them all over the country, and must
have the attention of a physician. Indeed, the
Committee on Indian Affairs were informed
that there was no resident physician within
seventy-five miles of the agency to attend to
white men or to Indians, and they thought it
was better to give these Indians an opportunity
to escape these maladies.
Mr. NYE. Let me suggest to the Senator
that this matter of vaccination is a very simple
thing. Any agent can do it as well as a phy-
sician.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be. I have no
experience in the profession. If that would
be a sufficient reason in this case, it would be
sufficient in every case why a physician should
not be given to the Indians. This appropri-
ation is recommended by the Department.
Mr. NYE. The small-pox is about the only
disease an Indian has any fear of. While I
had the superintendeney of the Indians of
Nevada, my agent and myself vaccinated more
than six thousand of them. It can be done
just as well by an agent as by a physician. It
is a thing that one Indian can do to another
just as. well as the best physician iu the world.
I'ake an Indian and teach him how to vacci-
nate and gave him vaccine matter, and the
vaccination of his tribe will be complete.
Mr. COLE. These Indians, the Chippewas
of Lake Superior, are provided for by treaty,
and we give them in pursuance' of that treaty
large sums of money which appear on this and
the preceding page of the bill. We give them
for one-item $5,000; for another, $8,000 ; for
another, $3,000; for another, $5,040, and so
on down. I do not know what better use they
could have for some of this money than to pay
their doctors' bills if they should happen to
have the small-pox. Inasmuch as we are not
bound to do so, and we are paying them large
sums of money for other purposes, I think we
ought not to pay them for their physicians.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert after line two hun-
dred and fifty-two, page 11, the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be used at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, to carry on the work of instructing and aiding
the Chippewas of Lake Superior, including the Boise
Fort band, in the arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, $15,000.
Mr. COLE. The remark I last made applies
as well to this proposed appropriation. It is
not in the estimates and not in pursuance of
any treaty, and we have already provided for
these Indians large sums of money, which
ought to be sufficient for them.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt that the
honorable Senator acts in good faith in resist-
ing all these amendments. Perhaps it is the
duty of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to resist everything; but it
seems very strange to me if after a committee
have examined a subject carefully, and have
made up a judgment in relation to it, and on
which they are capable probably of investi-
gating and understanding, their judgment is to
go for nothing. The Committee on Indian
Affairs spent a great many days and nights over
this bill, with a view of fixing it up so that this
service could be made effective and result in
some good to these poor people. In the opin-
ion of the committee, in the light of all the
information they could get, they do not think
it is possible to take care of these Indians and
put them on the road to civilization without
increasing this appropriation. If it is the
opinion of the Senate that they ought not to
be improved, that they ought not to be aided
in this way, 1 should like to know it.
It will relieve me of a great many days of
hard work and anxious labor which I would
very gladly be released from. The Committee
on Appropriations, I apprehend, have never
examined the subject at all. It was not in
controversy. They had no evidence before
them on the subject. The House had, but this
committee had not, on this point, I apprehend.
The Indian Committee attempted to inform
themselves, and they believe that this amount
of money, in addition to the small appropri-
ations for these Indians, ought to be given.
But if this amendment is to be voted down
I am willing to make this one a test case, and
I shall not attempt to sustain a single other
amendment that we have proposed; I will let
them all go by the board.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, there are no
Indians on this continent who are as worthy
of this kind of beneficence on the part of the
Government as the Chippewas of the northern
lakes. They are the most improvable of all
the Indians. Any money spent upon them in
this way is not cast away. Then they have
always been on friendly terms with the whites,
at least with the people of this country. A
portion of these Indians, the Boise Port band,
are away off from any white settlers. Prob-
ably that is to their advantage; but they are
a very intelligent tribe, living in the remote
north country, near the Rainy lakes. They
have had no such advantages as have been
given to other tribes. They have never had a
teacher or educator among them at all. They
have treaty relations with us, but they are so
far off, two or three hundred miles from any
of our towns, that it is almost impossible to
get to them ; so that, if by means of this small
appropriation any one could be sent among
them to instruct them in farming, or what not,
it would be of great advantage to them, arid
would be well received by them.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not suppose
there is any tribe of Indians in just that posi-
tion which needs a little aid now more than
the Chippewas of Lake Superior. If 1 under-
stand the situation, they are in just that posi-
tion that a little aid granted them now will do
more good to improve them in agriculture
and advance them in education and in civil-
ization than ten times the amount at some
other time. If we are to make appropriations
to aid any tribe because there is a crisis in
their affairs, this is the tribe which we ought
to aid.
Mr. COLE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs chooses to make this
a test question, it will relieve us, I think, from
a good deal of trouble hereafter, because the
facts in regard to this tribe certainly are such
that he cannot maintain the amendment. This
is but the remnant of a tribe of Indians. They
constitute in all about ten hundred and sixty.
Mr. HARLAN. Forty-seven hundred.
Mr. COLE. Then they are estimated for
in some other place that I have not seen ; but
call them forty-seven hundred if you please.
We appropriate to these Indians, under treaty,
S33.220, and you will observe by looking at
the bill that we are now appropriating the
seventeenth of twenty installments. We have
been appropriating in this manner this $33,220
for seventeen successive years, and it is time
that these ludians began to manifest some little
evidence of civilization. By looking at the
objects for which these appropriations are
made you will find items like this:
For seventeenth of twenty installments for agricul-
tural implements and cattle, carpenter's, and other
tools, and buildin? materials, por fourth article
treaty 30th September, 1854, S3,003.
We have been appropriating——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California must suspend his remarks unless
the afternoon session is extended. Before de-
claring the recess the Chair desires to state
that, being unable to be present this evening,
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
has consented to preside at the evening ses-
sion. The hour of half past four o'clock
having arrived, the Senate takes a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to appeal to the
honorable Senator from California to allow
me to call up the post route bill. It can be
disposed of in ten or fifteen minutes. The
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
is not yet here, and it would be improper to
proceed with the appropriation bill until he is
here. I will say in addition that the enroll-
ment of the post route bill will employ a num-
ber of clerks, and it ought to be got out of the
way of the appropriation bilis.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is it anything
but routes ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Nothing but the usual post
routes. There is no other legislation in the
world in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) Is there objection 1
Mr. COLE. If there was a quorum pres-
ent I would object. It may be proceeded with
informally; but as soon as the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs comes in I
shall deem it my duty to call up the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
not deem it his duty to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
