612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
I see a man about to be put into a place who I
know has been and is a convicted felon, and
I advise the President in relation to that fact, I
become almost a felon myself, guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and have done an unlawful deed.
That is this bill! Away with such legislation
as that! Away with such sacredness that sur-
rounds a Senator on this floor!
My honorable friend from Massachusetts has
illustrated this. He says if he recommends a
man, of course he cannot be impartial when he
comes to act upon his confirmation. Let me
give the honorable Senator, if he will take it,
a word of advice: never recommend a man
whom you would not appoint if you were in
the place of the appointing power; and then
you can confirm him everywhere. Be a little
more careful in your recommendations, and
then your conscience will not be troubled when
you come to act upon the nominations. Sir,
the needed reform is not in legislation, but it
is in ourselves, which no legislation can reform;
that is, to adopt the rule of recommending no
man whom you do not always conscientiously
believe will honestly discharge the duties of
the trust. There is the true reform, which
this bill does not reach at all.
But, sir, I said I was opposed to the char-
acter of this legislation. I have observed since
I have been here, now more than six years, a
tendency of things that has occasioned me
painful reflection. We are assailed at one
time from one Department, saying that we must
not frank letters, because the members of Con-
gress are dishonest; and a hue and cry is got
up from ocean to ocean to abolish the frank-
ing privilege; and a bill for that purpose runs,
like fire through the prairies, through the
House. It is brought here, where men some-
times reflect before they vote, and it is brought
to a little stand. What was the object of it?
To establish the fact to the world that Con-
gressmen were dishonest. Why, sir, I cannot
get a sheet of paper in my committee-room
unless I send a written order with a seal on it
as big as that of a surrogate. I cannot get a
box of matches to light my cigar, if I have
one, unless I send a written order for it. And
I am to account to a Committee on Contingent
Expenses—I believe that is what they call it.
I cannot get a knife to make a pen without a
written order. We are going to keep Con-
gressmen honest! [Laughter.] That is the
argument. We must have this committee of
vigilance over us; this Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses! Great God! When did ever
a Congressman steal a sheet of paper, or a
knife, or a pen, or a box of matches? [Laugh-
ter.] I can buy them for twenty cents a gross.
All this character of legislation, this esti-
mate that is put upon the honorable Senators
on this floor, has tended to degrade them in
the eyes of an intelligent people. I repudiate
the necessity of such legislation for my breth-
ren, and I hope some one will rise and say he
will do it for me, that I did not come here to
establish a penknife store, nor a match store,
nor a stationery store. I came here, in my
humble way, to represent the best interests of
the State that honored me with its commis-
sion. The people of that State did not believe
that I would steal paper at home. If they had
they would not have sent me here. [Laugh-
ter.]
Sir, this is a part of the same species of
legislation. You are not to be trusted because
you are clothed with the senatorial mantle.
Mr. President, from my earliest boyhood I
looked up with reverence to a United States
Senator, and I should have felt insulted in
own own person if any one dared to assail the
integrity and the fidelity of a Senator to his
tiiisl. If we do not feel so now, we ought to
do so. If we indorse this mean, dirty sus-
picion that pervades the public mind we de-
serve all the opprobrium that we get. Away,
then, with this character of legislation!
We must not frank ; we must not have the
chance to use all the paper we want without
accounting for it; and now my friend from
Illinois, in stepping to the music of the time,
is going to put us in the penitentiary for advis-
ing or not advising the nomination of a man
to office ! Well, sir, I think we had better go
home. The Senate had better adjourn. It
had better be reorganized. Sir, I have never
felt any danger. I have recommended men
from my State whom I believed faithful, and I
think I can say that not one of them has proved
faithless. If anybody else could have advised
better I should have been glad of it; but I
was one of the nearest and handiest advisers
there was to the President's hand. He used
me ; and for that, in the spirit of this bill, I
committed an offense; because if it is wrong
now it was wrong when I gave the advice. I
do not know—I am so constituted, I will tell
you the honest truth, that I am afraid I shall
get into the penitentiary if this bill should
become a law, and I have not time to go,
[laughter;] because if I should see the Presi-
dent or any of these Departments putting in one
whom I knew to be a bad man I should commit
this offense to a dead moral certainty. [Laugh-
ter.] I could not help it. My friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] with his honest
impulses, would he there, too. Such a com-
pany would hardly ever be seen in the peni-
tentiary. " What is your offense, gentlemen?
You have advised the President not to appoint
a bad man, or yon have advised him to appoint
a good man without any request of his! "
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will ask him if he is not able to see the
difference between recommending a man for
a particular office and rejecting an improper
man named for an office ?
Mr. NYE. That is a subject we partially
discussed the other day, and I thought I had
convinced the Senator from Illinois that there
was not any difference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Many men apply who
do not get into office.
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say that if it is
a penal offense to advise an appointment, it
follows, by reason, that it is a penal offense to
advise not to appoint. If it is-not at present,
the bill will be so amended before it is through
as to make it so.
Now, sir, whenever it becomes an offense in
the eyes of the law of this country for a Rep-
resentative to honestly advise the President or
the head of a Department in regard to the
appointment of an honest man to office I want
to -leave this country, because the character
of a Represent ative is belittled and lost. Gen-
tlemen may argue and reason on this subject
as they please; this bill is a reflection and an
acknowledgment that they are afraid to trust
their own integrity in regard to this subject of
appointments.
Senators say that it will be a relief to them
to get rid of these applications for office.
Why, sir, it would be a relief to me not to
attend my committee meetings early in the
morning and late at night; but the Constitu-
tion imposes that labor upon us, and I have
no right to be relieved from it. I stand, as
every Senator stands, as a sentinel upon these
walls, not only to advise proper and just action,
but to admonish against evil action; and I am
going to do it, law or no law. I cannot help
it. I do not mean to speak defiantly; but
whenever such a measure becomes a law the
people of my State can put a better man in my
place here.
Sir, I really supposed when this bill was
introduced that, it was introduced more as a
sort of outside advertisement; that the Senator
from Illinois did not propose to be troubled
with these things hereafter ; but it is forced
with great tenacity, and day after day is set.
for its consideration. Senators will consider,
I hope, before they vote to pas3 this bill
whether it is becoming and proper in the eyes
of the world to acknowledge that we are not
fit to be trusted.
I was somewhat at a loss to understand
what the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] really meant in regard to
his position upon this bill. He started out
with the declaration that there were great
abuses in this matter. Where are they? The
heads of these Departments tell you that there
are 110 considerable abuses. They are indorsed
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
in speaking of their rapid and most wonderful
improvement. Then what do you want to
reform them any more for? Why do you want
to make it a penal offense for members of
Congress to aid them in that reformation? It
seems to me to be nonsensical.
I never go to these Departments unless I am
obliged to do so, and I make just as short work"
when I get there as I can. I never look into
the doors to see whether the clerks are at work.
I do not know but that they may have been sent
out by their superiors to do service in another
portion of the building. I never take note when
a clerk goes out or when he comes back. But
in going through these Departments you will
see notices forbidding the clerks and other
employes from leaving the Department during
office hours. That is about as stringent a rule
as we have here, and a great deal more so, and
as stringent as they can stand. To go there
and stay six hours in their several Depart-
ments is about as much as human nature will
stand, taking it the year round. Their dis-
cipline is quite as strict, I take it, as the sen-
atorial discipline here. If we were told when
we came in here of a morning that we could
n<jt go out for six hours, you would see the
worst watching of that clock that you ever saw
in the world. [Laughter.] I am not like my
honorable friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Robertson.] I should not know whether a
fifth of the clerks wore at work or not, because
I do not know their peculiar vocations, and
they may be employed in other parts of the
building, or may be, waiting for something to
do from some other Department. I have never
kept much clerical force in the business I have
pursued; but I venture to say, from a casual
observation, that there is no class of people in
this town who pay stricter attention to their
business than the clerks in these Departments.
Their faces show it; their frames show it.
They look like people of toil and labor.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to ask my
friend whether their dressing shows it?
Mr. NYE. That is a thing I have never
examined, [laughter,] and I do not want them
to examine mine particularly. I yield the palm
in that respectlikewiseto my friend from South
Carolin a.
But if anybody wants the clerks to stay here
longer than they do, I want to see the law
to make them. I know one man in one of the
Departments whom I have seen there for the
last thirty years, and he stands in the same
steps to-day, except that his hair has grown
gray. That is that old man, De Forrest, who
settles the Indian part of the accounts. He has
been there ever since I can remember. One
died since I have been in the Senate who had
been there more years than I am old.
But my friend from Massachusetts says that
he wants a civil-service bill. I do not; and
we may as well meet this question at once.
There is nothing on this earth so unendura-
ble to a sensitive man as "the insolence of
office;" there is nothing that becomes so
odious in every Government as "the inso-
lence of office," where the officers have life
tenures. Sir, a thousand-fold would I rather
take the chances of changing these clerks as
often as the political control of the Govern-
ment changes in this country than to have
them there by law whether they do their duty
or not, and becoming insolent with age and
defying all power to eject them. I say that
under a republican form of government such
a system of office holding as that is repugnant
to the genius of our institutions. Let mon-
archies and empires do that; but in repub-
lican America let it never be done.
