1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
or die for Tract of food, the better. I do not
belong to that class. I believe it to be in
accordance with the humanity of this nation
to enable them to go to work when they are
willing to do so.
But, Mr. President, aside from this ques-
tion, there are enough of these Indians yet
living to make it cost the Government forty
times more than the $15,000 that we propose
to appropriate. One raid on the white settle-
ments by the braves among these forty-seven
hundred Indiansduringone summerwillcreate
an Indian war, and sustaining one regiment of
armed men in their vicinity to pntdown that raid
and to preserve the peace will cost the Gov-
ernment $1,500,000. Would it be wise for
the Congress of the United States to refuse
this small pittance and run that hazard, when
we are told by those who know, those on whom
we can rely, that starvation or depredation is
inevitable? They ask for a little money to
help them to go to work to make a living by
honest toil. Shall we refuse it, and impress
upon them the necessity of making a living in
a less commendable mode?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the explana-
tion given by the Senator from Iowa upon
the points to which I called his attention in-
duces me to contribute two or three remarks
to this debate. I will notxliscuss the question
whether the death of an Indian or the life of
an Indian be the greater calamity to him or to
this country or to civilization. We will drop
that out of this night's discussion.
I take issue with the Senator from Iowa
upon one of his statements, that, to wit, in
which he holds up the past policy of this coun-
try as being one of robbery of the Indian race.
First, let -me say, if it were a policy of rob-
bery, it has been very equally distributed
among the whole; it has not been confined to
theChippewasofLake Superior; other Indian
tribes have been robbed to as great an extent,
and have the sameclaim, so far as it rests upon
robbery or springs from robbery, to extra ap-
propriations at this time. But, sir, it has not
been a policy of robbery. I stand here to say,
against what is avery commonstyleofremark,
that instead of having robbed the Indian race
in this country we have dealt beneficently and
munificently with them.
Mr. President, what have we taken from the
Indian race? That which was worthless to
them ; land which they did not know how to
cultivate, and would not learn how to culti-
vate. That is what we have taken from them.
It was worth nothing to them. What have we
given them? We are paying them from four
to seven million dollars annually. We have
made money out of it, to be sure. Why ?
Because the land was worth something to us.
We took what was worth nothing to them, and
we have given them what is worth more to
them than all the lands in the United States
were worth. We have not robbed the Indian
race. .
Now, sir, the Senator from Iowa says it is
not proposed to charge upon the national
Treasury the cost of educating or of civilizing
the Indian race; but he says the case of the
Chippewas of Lake Superior is peculiar.
Wherein is it peculiar ? He says they have
been driven from their hunting-grounds, lhey
have the hunting-grounds for which they stip-
ulated. But, says the Senator, the
population have crowded upon them, and the
g&mo and the fisli have been exhausted. I
think the Senator is mistaken as to the geog-
raphy of the country where these Chippewa
bands are to be found. The white population
does not press upon these lands. They have
the same means of support this year, so far
as I know, and I think such is the fact, that
they had last year, or that they have had at
any time since their last treaties of cession
were made, nearly twenty years ago. I do
not, then, see any cause for making any excep-
tion in favor of these bands. And now, Mr.
President, I should like to have the pending
amendment reported once more to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment.
The Chief Clep.k. The amendment is to
insert after line two hundred and fifty-two the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to bo used at the discretion of the Presi-
dent. to carry on the work of instructing and aiding
the Chippewasof Lake Superior, including the Bois6
Fort band, in the arts ofeivilization, with a view to
their self-support, $15,000.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, the very
words of that amendment, I think, are a suffi-
cient reply to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Iowa, that this appropriation is
called for to save the Chippewa Indians from
starvation. In the first place, $15,000 is not
going to save them from starvation. Three or
four dollars per head per annum is not going
to save that tribe from starvation.
Mr. HARLAN. It will procure seeds to
raise a crop for them.
Mr. HOWE. Do the Committee on Indian
Affairs really mean to tell us that with this
$15,000 they are going to stock all these reser-
vations with seeds, and make all these Indians
farmers, and produce great crops in a single
season on these reservations? Certainly not.
Mr. HARLAN. I will answer the honor-
able Senator. I think the sum is entirely too
small. I think it ought to have been two or
three times as large; but they thought they
could get along with this small amount.
Mr. HOWE. If it was three times as large,
it would not quite achieve what the Senator
now suggests as the purpose of the amend-
ment. But the amendment proposes that the
money shall be expended, not in buying seeds
or opening farms or raising crops, but, in the
discretion of the President, to aid in the civil-
ization of these tribes. I really supposed the
intentwas to start schools and to start churches,
and to have the money employed in that way,
and in that way I supposed it could do some
good, perhaps a good deal of good; perhaps it
would be well spent if we can afford to spend
it. But if we can afford to spend fifteen thou-
sand dollars on these Indians in that way, we
can afford to spend fifteen, and fifty, and five
hundred thousand, and five millions, because
it is all wanted, and all wanted this year, for the
same uses, to be expended on other tribes.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa if these Indians hold
their lands in severalty; or are they under the
supervision of some big chief who gets all
the money, as is usually the case? Are they
in a tribal condition or are they individuals?
Do we want to aid them individually? It
they have land in severalty, are they to be
aided individually? If there is anything prac-
tical in this, I want to vote for it; but you
might appropriate all the money of the United
States to them while they are under these little
petty despots called chiefs, who take it and
make slaves of the rest of the tribe, and while
they are in that condition there is no step
toward civilization taken. No man will work
unless he is compelled to do it either by ne-
cessity or by some stimulants to his ambition,
or because he desires to acquire something.
The Indian will not work from necessity while
he is fed. He will not work from ambition
while he is a slave to a petty chief and has
nothing of his own. It does not appeal to one
element of human nature that induces a man
to struggle for wealth or for the benefit of his
family or himself. ....
This mode of feeding Indians in tribes is
a mode to keep them in barbarism, a mode i
to rob the Treasury, and it cannot be justified, i
If you mean in earnest to make farmers of i
Indians, you must give them each a little piece :
of land and let them have it separately. Iry :
that experiment. None of us would work if '
we had a big chief over us and we did not own
the land and he owned us. None of us would
work voluntarily unless the fruits of our labor
were our own. In this reservation system you
do not introduce the first element to induce a
man to work. Keeping the Indians in tribes
only fosters and cultivates their dependence.
Besides, there is the extravagance of the sys-
tem and the liability to abuse in appropriating
large sums of money and sending men out to
deal with Indians. Who can tell whether the
Indians get the money or not, and who can
say, if they do get it, that it does not do them
more harm than good ?
Now, if these particular Indians own land
in severalty, and there is anybody to see to the
application of this money, to buy seeds with
it, or to enable them to do anything prepara-
tory to farming, if there is any good faith in
it, I will not certainly vote against it, for I
want to see the experiment tried of their hav-
ing land in severalty and being instructed to
cultivate it. I do not want them to move for-
ward. I want them to stay where they are.
I do not believe in moving them forward as
population advances, because that would pre-
vent them from being civilized. In any in-
stance, where a fair case can be presented, in
good faith, of civilized Indians having a little
patch of land apiece by themselves, if there
is any trustworthy person to see that they are
instructed in agriculture, I would like to vote
for appropriations to assist them; but these
general appropriations to tribes, under the
name of aiding them in farming, amount to
nothing. I have seen these preambles to ap-
propriation bills ever since I have been here,
and these pretenses of aiding Indians in agri-
culture. They do not indulge in agriculture.
You cannot aid them in agriculture.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, one of the first
desires with me is to keep the Indian tribes from
being mixed up with our frontier settlers, and
it seems to me that that is one of the most
important and practical objects that can be
secured by our policy toward them.
The honorable chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs has spoken truly in relation
to the great difference it makes to our people
and to our Government whether the Indians
on the frontiers are at war or at peace with
our country. The policy that is now in exist-
ence, and that has been in existence and in the
course of operation for some years, is most
harshly condemned by many Senators. It
seems to me that these Senators before they
condemned the present plan should have
studied out a better one, and should be able to
recommend it distinctly and in tangible form
to the acceptance of the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Nevada lias
spoken of the results of his experience and
observation; and they are unquestionably very
considerable in relation to this subject, and he
has spoken much truth, I have no doubt, in
the course of the afternoon and the evening.
Why does he not come forward with his dis-
tinct, well-organized, systematic mode, for the
government of the Indians and controlling and
regulating our intercourse with them ? if the
present plan is defective, let him or his able
colleague devise a wiser, a juster, and a moie
humane system. I am wedded to no system ;
I want something like an observance of justic«
and humanity and philanthropy toward the
Indians upon the part of our Government.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me a word? My colleague has presented a
bill which I think contains more wisdom thasr
1 have seen here embodied in any other scheme
relative to the management of Indians.
Mr. DAVIS. Let him present it, and let it
be laid distinctly before the Senate, and let
the Senate discuss it and understand it and
act upon it according to its merits.
But, Mr. President, I am amazed at one
feature that is invariably exhibited by many
of the Senators whenever the subject of onr
Indian relatious or the fortunes and the des-
tiny of the Indian tribes is before the Senate
