1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong....3d Sess.
St. Croix and Bayfield 11 ail road—Mr. Knott.
Ho. of IiCl's.
famishing armies withering away in the field,
a helpless prey to the insatiate demon of' hun-
ge: : our Navy rotting in the docks for want
of provisions for our gallant seamen, and we
without any railroad communication what-
ever with the prolific pine thickets of the St.
Cioix. [Great laughter.]
Ah, sir, I could veiy well understand why
my amiable friends from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Myers, Mi. Keli.ey, and Mr. O'Nlill] should
be so earnest in their support of this bill the
other day, and if their honorable colleague, my
friend, MY. Randall, will pardon the remark,
I will say I considered his criticism of their
action on that occasion as not only unjust but
ungenei ous. I knew they were looking for-
watd with the far reaching ken of enlightened
statesmanship to the pitiable condition in which
Philadelphia will be left unless speedily sup-
plied with railroad connection in some way or
other with this garden spot of the universe.
[Laughter.] And besides, sir, tins discussion
has lelieved my mind of a mystery that has
weighed upon it like an incubus for years. I
could never understand before why there was
so much excitement during the last Congress
over the acquisition of Alta Vela. I could
never understand why it was that some of our
ahiest statesmen and most disinterested patri-
ots should entertain such dark forebodings of
the untold calamities that were to beftll our
beloved country unless we should take imme-
diate possession of that desirable island. But I
see now that they were laboring under the mis-
taken impression that the Government would
need the guano to manure the public lands oil
the St. Cioix. [Great laughter.]
Now, sir, I repeat I have been satisfied for
yeais that if there was any portion of the in-
habited globe absolutely in a suffering condi-
tion for want of a railroad it was these teeming
pine barrens of the St. Croix. [Laughter.]
At what particular point on that noble stream
such a road should be commenced I knew was
immaterial, and so it seems to have been con-
sidered by the draughtsman ofthis bill. It might
be up at the spring or down at the foot log, or
the water-gate, or the fish-dam, or anywhere
along the bank, no matter where. [Laughter.]
.But in what direction should it run, or where
it should terminate, were always to my mind
questions of the most painful perplexity. I
could conceive of no place on "God's green
earth" in such straitened circumstances for
railroad facilities as to be likely to desire or
willing to accept such a connection. [Laugh-
ter.] I knew that neither Bayfield nor Supe-
rior City would have it, for they both indig-
nantly spurned the munificence of the Govern-
ment when coupled with such ignominious
conditions, and let this very same land grant
die on their hands years and years ago rather
than submitto the degradation of a direct com-
munication by railroad with the piny woods
ol the St. Croix; and I knew that what the
enterprising inhabitants of those giant young
< iiies would refuse to take would have few
charms lor others, whatever their necessities
or cupidity might be. [Laughter.]
Hence, as I have said, sir, 1 was utterly at
a toss to determine where the terminus of this
great and indispensable road should be, until
i accidentally overheard some gentleman the
other day mention the name of "Duluth."
[Great laughter.] Duluth ! The word fell
upon my ear with peculiar and indescribable
charm, like the gentle murmur of a low fount-
ain stealing forth in the midst of roses, or the
soft, sweet accents of an angel's whisper in the
joyous dream of sleeping innocence.
Duluth! 'Twas the name for which my soul
had"panted for years, as the hart panteth for
the water-brooks. [Renewed laughter.] But
where was Duluth? Never, in all my limited
reading, had my vision been gladdened by see-
ing the celestial word in print. [Laughter.]
And I feltaprofounder humiliation m my ignor-
ance that us dulcet syllables had never before
ravished my delighted ear. [Hoars of laugh-
ter.] 1 was certain the draughtsman ofthis
bill had never heard of it, or it would have been
designated as one of the termini of this road.
I asked my friends about it, but they knew
nothing of it. I rushed to the Library and ex-
amined all the maps I could find. [Laughter.]
I discovered in one of them a delicate, hair-
like line, diverging trom the Mississippi near a
place marked Prescott, which I supposed was
intended to represent the river St. Croix, but
I could nowhere find Duluth.
Nevertheless, 1 was confident it existed some-
where, and that its discovery would constitute
the crowning glory of the present century, if
not of all modern times. [Laughter.] I knew
it was bound to exist in the very nature of
things; that the symmetry and perfection of
our planetary system would be incomplete with-
out it, [renewed laughter;] that the elements
of material nature would long since have re-
solved themselves back into original chaos if
there had been such a hiatus in creation as
would have resulted from, leaving out Duluth.
[Roars of laughter.] In fact, sir, I was over-
whelmed with the conviction that Duluth not
only existed somewhere, but that wherever it
was it was a great and glorious place. I was
convinced that the greatest calamity that ever
befell the benighted nations of the ancieti t world
was in their having passed away without a
knowledge of the actual existence of Duluth;
that their fabled Atlantis, never seen save by
the hallowed vision of inspired poesy, was, in
fact, but another name for Duluth ; that the
golden orchard of the Hesperides was but a
poetical synonym for the beer-gardens in the
vicinity of Duluth. [Great laughter.] I was
certain that Herodotus had died a miserable
death because in all his travels and with all
his geographical research he had never heard
of Duluth. [Laughter.] I knew that if the
immortal spirit of Homer could look down
from another heaven than that created by his
own celestial genius upon the long lines of
pilgrims from every nation of the earth to
the gushing fountain of poesy opened by the
touch of his magic wand, if he could be per-
mitted to behold the vast assemblage of
grand and glorious productions of the lyric
art called into being by his own inspired
strains, he would weep tears of bitter anguish
that instead of lavishing all the stores of his
mighty genius upon the fall of llion it had
not been his more blessed lot to crystallize iw
deathless song the rising glories of Duluth.
[Great and continued laughter.] Yet, sir,
had it not been for this map, kindly furnished
me by the Legislature of Minnesota, I might
have gone down to my obscure and humble
grave in an agony of despair, because I could
nowhere find Duluth. [Renewed laughter.]
Had such been my melancholy fate, I have no
doubt that with the last feeble pulsation of my
breaking heart, with the last faint exhalation
of my fleeting breath, I should have whispered,
"Where is Duluth?" [Roars ®f laughter.]
But, thanks to the beneficence of that band
of ministering angels who have their bright
abodes in the far-off capital of Minnesota,
just as the agony of my anxiety was about to
culminate in the frenzy of despair, this blessed
map was placed in my hands; and as 1 un-
folded it a resplendent scene of ineffable glory
opened before me, such as I imagine burst
upon the enraptured vision of the wandering
peri through the opening gates of paradise.
[Renewed laughter.] There, there for the
first time, my enchanted eye rested upon the
ravishing word u Duluth."
This map, sir, is intended, as it appears
from its title, to illustrate the position of Du-
luth in the United States; but if genih-mon
will examine it, I think they will concur with
me in the opinion that it is far too modest
in its pretensions. It not only illustrates \ he
position of Duluth in the United Slate.-,, but
exhibits its iclatious with all created things.
It even goes further than this. It lifts the
shadowy veil of futurity and affords us a view
of the golden prospects of Duluth far along
the dim vista of ages }et to come.
If gentlemen will examine it they will find
Duldih not only in the center of the map, but
represented in the center of a seiiesof con-
centric ciicles one hundred miles apart, and
some of them as much as four thousand miles
in diameter, embracing alike in their tremen-
dous sweep the fragrant savannas of the sun-
lit South and the eternal solitudes of snow
that mantle the ice-bound North. [Laughter.]
How these circles were produced is perhaps
one of those primordial mysteries that the most
skillful paleologist will never be able to explain.
[Renewed laughter.] But the fact is, sir, Du-
luth is preeminently a central place, for I am
told by gentlemen who have been so reckless
of their own personal safety as to venture away
into those awful regions where Duluth is sup-
posed to be that it is so exactly in the center
of the visible universe that the hky comes down
at precisely the same distance all around it.
[Roars of laughter.]
I find by reference to this map that Duluth
is situated somewhere near the western end
of Lake Snpeiior, hut as there is no dot. or
other mark indicating its exact location 1 am
unable to say whether it is actually confined
to any particular spot, or whether uit is just
lying around there loose." [Renewed laugh
ter.] I really cannot tell whether it is one of
those ethereal creations of intellectual frost-
work, more intangible than the rose-tinted
clouds of a summer sunset; one of those airy
exhalations of the speculator's brain, which 1
am told are ever flitting in the form of towns
and cities along those lines of railroad, built
with Government subsidies, luring the unwary
settleras the mirage of the desertlures the fam-
ishing traveler on, and ever on, until it fades
away in the darkening horizon, or whether it
is a real, bona fide, substantial city, all ''staked
off," with the lots marked with their owner?/
names, like that proud commercial metropolis
. recen tly discovered on the desirable shores df
San Domingo. [Laughter.] But, however that
may be, I am satisfied Duluth is .there, or there
about, for I see it stated here on this map that
it is exactly thirty-nine hundred and ninety
miles from Liverpool, [laughter;] though I
have no doubt, for the sake of convenience, it
will be moved back ten miles, so as to make
the distance an even four thousand. [Renewed
laughter.]
Then, sir, there is the climate of Duluth, nn
questionably the most salubrious and delight ful
to be found anywhere on the Lord's earth.
No a, 1 have always been under ihe impression,
as 1 presumeother gentlemen have, that in the
region around Lake Superior it was cold enough
for at least nine months in the year to freeze the
smoke-stack off a locomotive. [Great laugh-
ter. ] But I see it represented on this map that
Duiiiih is situated exactly half way between
the latitudes of Paris and Venice, so that gen-
tlemen who have inhaled the exhilarating airs
of the one or basked in the golden sunlight of
the other may see at a glance that Duluth must
be a place of untold delights, [laughter,] a ter-
restrial paradise, fanned by the balmy zephyrs
of an eternal spring, clothed in the gorgeous
sheen of ever-blooming flowers, and vocal with
the silvery melody of nature's choicest song-
sters. [Laughter.] In fact, sir, since I have
seen this map [ have no doubt that Byron v,as
vainly endeavoring to convey some faint con-
ception of the delicious charms of Duluth when
