1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
soil for us, but we sold them by thousands to
the Indians, and let them enslave them, and
when this war broke out there were some ten
or fifteen thousand negroes that we had sold
to the Indians, whom the Indians were treating
as slaves, it is said, in the most inhuman man-
ner. When the war closed we made a treaty
with those Indians and gave them back every-
thing. We did not do so with the whites of
the South. We gave the rebel Indians uni-
versal amnesty in the beginning. The Indians
that had been living on our bounty and who
went into the rebellion, we made a treaty with
in 1866, and gave them everything back, gave
them back their annuities, and made no pro-
vision for the negroes among them; and those
negroes have been maltreated ever since. We
gave back all to the Indians and made no pro-
vision for the negroes.
It has been a romantic fancy to tax the peo-
ple of the United States for the benefit of a
supposed Indian that never existed. We have
written novels about him, and he has been
pictured in fancy to be something that he never
was and something that he is not. They have
been pictured as being brave, and possessing
all the virtues and none of the vices of human'
nature. The fact is that they are skulking
and cowardly; they always fight from behind
a tree; they never "fight fair."
Talk about their bravery! Their barbarity
is common to all savages. Their disposition
to avoid danger and responsibility is alike
common to all savages. They are brave
where there is no danger, but in danger they
shoot from behind a tree, and have invariably
from the beginning.
We picture them, I say, with a character they
have not. We say that this conntry belonged to
them, and therefore it is perfectly right to divide
with them each year when an appropriation
bill comes up, without investigating how the
money shall be used, who will expend it, and
whether it will accomplish any good purpose.
I believe in treating them humanely, in en-
abling them to become civilized, enabling
them to have property of their own. I believe
in an honest effort in that direction, and any-
thing that will do the Indians good I will go
as far as the Senator from Kentucky will to
support. But I am tired of hearing of their
owning this country and of being called on
each year to divide with them because they
were the original proprietors and we are
tenants of the country, and have got to pay
them, as our landlords, a large sum without
regard to any other consideration except that
of being generous to the Indians who once
owned all this continent 1
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I was very
much interested with the rose-colored account
which my honorable friend from Wisconsin
gave of some tribe of Indians in his State ; but
we had a description of Indian morals and of
the condition of the Indians from the honor-
able Senator from Nevada previous to that
given by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin which I imagine is much more in accord-
ance with the truth. The Senate will recollect
the mournful and deplorable account which
that Senator gave of the present condition of
the Indians, and it is the true account, wherever
an Indian is in contact with civilized men.
Now, the Senator from Wisconsin asks me
if I am willing to lure back the savage and to
banish from this smiling, cultivated, and civ-
ilized land all the fruits of the white man's
civilization. No, sir; no. The ways of Prov-
idence are inscrutable. The Israelites were
called from Egypt to take possession of Pales-
tine, and they were enjoined to extirpate the
inhabitants who then held possession of what
was afterward the Holy Land. And some
such inscrutable and irreversible decree of
Providence seems to have been pronounced
against the Indian race, and their destiny
seisms fixed and irreversible. But here'is
what I would tell my honorable friend from
Wisconsin that I would have the white man
and the Government of the United States, and
my countrymen especially, to observe toward
the Indians—good faith.
Sir, have we ever made a treaty with the
Indians in which the exclusive possession of
their country and reservations was not guaran-
tied to them by the plighted faith of our Gov-
ernment in its solemn treaty stipulations, and
has that faith ever been observed and kept by
our Government? I have now at my desk a
special bill to pay to the Cherokee Indians
the sum of $1,832,460 and a fraction ; and
how have that nation of Indians such a large
obligation upon our country? They once had
their homes east of the Mississippi river. It
entered into the policy of our Government and
the cupidity of our countrymen to force them
to cede their eastern homes at a nominal price
upon a pledge that they should be carried west
of the Mississippi river and should have an
ample patrimony and home secured to them
forever. There was a treaty stipulation that
a portion of their country east of the Missis-
sippi was to be sold by the United States, and
after paying the costs of the sale the residue
was to be held in trust for them by this paternal
Government that assumes to be the guardian
of the Indian ; and now for twenty or thirty
years it has been withheld from them.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin, my
respected friend, speaks of the magnitude of
the mistreatment and the inhumanity of the
white man to the negro in going to his home
and wresting him from that home that he had
inhabited for centuries and centuries, and
bringing him into a state of slavery. Sir, what
was the condition of the negro who was thus
brought to this country in a state of slavery ?
He was an ignorant savage, often a cannibal,
with no civilization, and no capacity for civil-
ization or self-government. He had been for
centuries, for three thousand years, in that
home, and he had remained as fixed and im-
mutable as an Egyptian mummy in his habits
of life and in his civilization. Those negroes
were taken captive in war, and the chiefs who
had captured them were ready to put them to
death unless they could sell them into slavery,
and they were purchased in slavery by the
eastern people of the then Colonies in order
to save them from death.
Sir, who brought those African slaves here?
Not the southern planters, not the men who
owned them when this war came on, and from
whom they were forcibly wrested by- an arbi-
trary and dominating majority in the possession
of the Government of the United States. It
enters into the statistics of the slave trade that
there were about three hundred and thirty
thousand negroes brought from Africa, and fully
three hundred thousand of them were brought
by eastern ships and eastern slave-dealers.
The eastern shippers, who went into the slave
trade, took rum and trinkets, and carried them
to the slave coast and exchanged their rum and
their trinkets for negro captives, who other-
wise would have been put to death. They
brought them across the sea by the middle pas-
sage, in crowded slave ships, and sold them to
the southern planters for money, and they were
the last men who yielded up this traffic when
the present Constitution was adopted.
Propositions were made from Virginia and
Delaware and Pennsylvania and other States
to abolish the slave trade, but the northern
delegates in the convention voted against it.
The subject was compromised on a proposition
that the slave trade should exist for twenty
years. The vote of the delegates from Vir-
ginia and the other States that I have enumer-
ated was for an immediate and instantaneous
abolition of the slave trade, but the northern
men voted to continue it, and did continue it
for twenty years longer, until 1808; and after
it had been made piracy by congressional legis-
lation northern shippers still entered into the
slave trade. When the limitation on the con-
tinuance of the slave trade went into operation
there were thirty-nine slave ships from the
single State of Rhode Island engaged in that
infamous traffic, and many other ships from
Massachusetts and Connecticut.
These slave-dealers, these men who took
rum and trinkets and went to Africa and pur-
chased from a barbarous king and conqueror
his captives to save them from death, brought
them to the colonies and sold them to planters
in the southern colonies, where tobacco and
cotton were cultivated. They continued the
traffic even after it had been declared piracy
by the laws of Congress. They continued it
until the war between Great Britain and the
United States drove it literally from the face
of the seas. Then, and then only, did the
northern people quit the infamous traffic.
When they found that they could no longer
make any money out of the slave trade they
turned around and wanted to emancipate and
set free the very slaves they had sold to the
southern planters !
Sir, that is the truth of history; and yet my
honorable friend gets up here and vaunts the
humanity of Congress, and of the party to
which he belongs, to the slave. If it is due to
them to make that boast, the injustice of de-
priving the southern people of property which
they had sold to them comes up as a counter
reproach. \
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to make
these remarks. I am sorry that the course of
the debate has led me into them. This is what
I contend for in relation to the Indians : you
should not force them to sell their land against
their will, and when you have made a treaty
with them by which you have purchased that
land, you ought to keep and observe that treaty
in the most religious good faith. I say that
the Indian was a noble savage when the white
man came to his country. He had the nature,
the habits, and the characteristics of the sav-
age, I admit; we all know that; but he had
some great natural properties. All of his deg-
radation, all of his disease, all of his loath-
someness, all that is mean and despicable in
his character he has imbibed from that por-
tion of the white race with which he has been
brought into -contact. I say he is a just and
legitimate subject for the loftiest, humanity,
for the broadest benevolence and philanthropy.
If it be in the providence of nature that he
must yield his country and his savagism to us
and to our civilization, everything that justice
and humanity and philanthropy can suggest
to be done for him by our Government ought
to be done; and that is all I contend for.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President-
Mr. COLE. I hope the Seaator will allow
me to make a motion.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. COLE. I have been seeking to get the
floor for the purpose of submitting a motion
which I think will be acceptable to the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. Remarks have already
been made on this subject by several Senators,
and I desire to say a few words upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon declines to yield.
Mr. CORBEIT. Mr. President, every one
or two years we are taken with a very econom-
ical streak, and we cut down the Indian appro-
priations and the salaries of all the officers
connected with the Indian depaitment, uutil
we finally bring an Indian war upon the coun-
try. We then send into the field five or six or
eight or ten regiments, and chase the Indians
for about two years, and spend about twenty
million dollars per annum trying to kill the
Indians off. Then we get tired of Indian war,
and we send out a commission of generals and
Senators to make treaties with the Indians and
stop the war. We did so a few years ago. We
were then spending at the rate of twenty or
thirty millions per annum in wars with the
Sioux nation of Indians. We made treaties
with them. We are now expending about a
million dollars a year, or a little more, which
is a very large amount of money, to keep those
Indians peaceable. The consequence is that
