1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
677
of an act to incorporate tiie joint stock com-
pany of the Yonng Men's Christian Associa-
tion of Washington to the Masonic Hall Asso-
ciation of Washington; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
mail contracts.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution, for consider-
ation at the present time :
_ Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby, requested to report to this House all the
proposals for carrying the United States mails on the
several mail routes designated and referred to in his
•advertisement of September 30,1869, and the names
of the parties to whom the contracts on said routes
wcro awarded, and the amounts contracted to be
i aid for each.
Mr. POUTER. I object.
Mr. CONNER. I move a suspension of the
rules, that the resolution may be considered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner]
for that purpose, as the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Stevess] already hasthefloor
to move a suspension of the rules.
BAYOU TEOIIiS.
Mr. SYPHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, requested to furnish to this House informa-
tion as to the disposition of the appropriation of
*17,500 appropriated for the improvement of Bayou
Tec he, in the State of Louisiana, by act of Congress,
appioved April 11,1870.
guano discoveries.
Mr. IIQLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (U. R. Np. 2844) to amend an
act entitled "An act to authorize protection
to be given to citizens of the United States
who may discover deposits of guano;" ap-
proved August 18, 185G; which was read a
tirst and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
amendment of tiie kui.es.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee ontheHulesbe, and
tiieyare hereby, instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of so amending the rules of this House as
lo prevent the introduction and consideration of
hills andjointresolutions under the call of States for
House resolutions: Provided, That such bills and
joint resolutions may be introduced and considered
aiter the cull of Statesior House resolutions has been
exhausted 'oeiore the expiration of the morninsr hour,
and that they make report of their proceedings to
this House.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
pl'dlic lands.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered. and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be, and they are hereby, requested to inquire into
and report to this House upon the expediency of
passing a law granting to each State in which public
lands are situated so much of the public lands still
remaining unsold in such States as shall have been
subject to sale and entry for more than twenty years,
.iceoidins? to any law or laws of the United States
providing for the disposition of such public lands.
.50111SDICT (ON OF TUB COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BARRY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for the purpose of consideration at
the present time, a joint resolution to extend
to the citizens of Mississippi the privileges
conferred by the "act to limit the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims," passed July 4,1864.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
that the provisions of the act of Congress of
July 4, 1864, entitled "An act to limit the
iurisdictioa of the Court of Claims," shall be
'■blended to the citizens of Mississippi as well
as to the citizens of Tennessee, with all the
restrictions imposed in the said act.
Mr. KELSEY. That had better go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to its present consideration?
Mr. KELSEY. I do.
Mr. BARRY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that objection.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 will withdraw it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to have the
resolution amended so that the privilege shall
be extended to the citizens of Mississippi in
the same manner that it has heretofore been
extended to the citizens of Tennessee.
Mr. BARRY. That is already in the reso-
lution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not so understand it.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. MAYNARD. An amendment is neces-
sary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is it proposed to
do with that resolution : to put it upon its pas-
sage?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri asks that it may be considered now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
its reference.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to its con-
sideration if it will give rise to debate or delay.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the resolution at this time?
Mr. KERR. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is not
before the House.
public lands.
Mr. MANNING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2846) donating
public lands to the State of North Carolina
for the benefit of common schools in the said
State ; which was read afirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
fees of attorneys, etc.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 2847) to regulate the fees of
attorneys, solicitors, and proctors in the circuit
and district courts of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted
to the committee, and ordered to be printed.
removal 01? political disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. Ii. No. 2848) for the removal
of legal and political disabilities from Redding
Denmark and Robert C. Gurrency, of Georgia ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. YOUNG also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 2819) to remove
the legal and political disabilities from War-
ren Aken, Louis Tutnlin, and Lawson Field,
of Georgia ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
congressional globs and appendix.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 407) in relation to the purchase of sets of
the Congressional Globe and Appendix; which
was read, a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
session on friday evening.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
that an order be now made for a session of
this House on Friday evening next, for debate
only as in Committee of the Whole, the ses-
sion to commence at half past seven o'clock.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the order
just made; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public buildings at raleigh.
Mr. MANNING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 2850) to provide
for a building for the use of the post office,
pension office, United States court, and inter-
nal revenue office at liaieigh, North Carolina;
which was freed a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
JANB ASAPil.
Mr: REEVES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 28-51) granting a pen-
sion to Jane Asaph; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
CROWDING OF STREET CARS IN 'WASHINGTON.
Mr. GILFILLA.N. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for
consideration at tbis time:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire what legislation
is necessary to prevent the overcrowding of the ears
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, and that they be authorized to report at any
time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
that portion of the resolution which proposes
to authorize the committee to report at any-
time. I do not object to the rest of the reso-
lution.
Mr. GILFILLA.N. I will modify the reso-
lution by omitting the words 14 at any time"
after the word u report."
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
william leahy.
Mr. BOOKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, and referred to the Com-
mittee oh Military Affairs:
Whereas Major General E. S. Canby did. on the
22d day of September, 1869, while commanding the
department of Virginia, known as district 27o. 1,
issue the following order:
[Special Orders No. 204— Extract.]
Headquarters First Military District,
State op Virginia, September 22,1869.
at* +•
Paragraph YI.—The county court of Pittsylvania
county, Virginia, when assembled at its adjourned
extrasession, and at any further adjournment there-
of, and composed of not more than five justices, will
proceed to act upon the bond of William Leahy, as
sheriff of that county. The bond to be required of
said Leahy shall not excecd in amount the sum re-
quired in the former bond, of this officer, and the
security offered personally, or by the power of
attorney, shall be considered with a view to assur-
ance of faithful performances of official duty only,
not regarding technicality orbypercriticism in judg-
ing thereof: and the securities shall be received for
the full value of the estate shown by the affidavit of
the surety or sureties to be owned by him or them.
If a classification of the judges ha* not bf-en made,
as directed by law, the presiding justice shall desig-
nate the justices who, with himself, shall constitute
the court, which will then proceed as directed in
paragraph 2, Special Orders No, 173, of August 16,
from these headquarters.
By command of Brevet Major General Ganbv :
LOUIS V. CAZIABC,
Aid-de-camp and A. A. A, G.
And whereas it is alleged and charged that the said
William Leahy, as sheriff of the said county of Pitt-
sylvania, in the State of Virginia, is in default in
the sum of 89,443 29 of the county levies of said
county, and in the sum of $5,370 19 of the revenue
tax due the Commonwealth of Virginia^ and that
the sureties on the said official bond of th? said
Leahy, at the time they signed and acknowledged
the same, were not in the possession of or owners of
anv amount of property which was unincumbered,
and that they are now totally insolvent: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military AfFaits
be, and tiieyare hereby, directed to inquire whether
the said order issued by Major General Canby was
not in violation of law: and whether the snid order,
so far as it commanded the county couit of Pittsyl-
vania county to rcoeive the statements of the s,ud
sureties " for the fall value of the estate shown by
the affidavit of the surety or sureties to be owned by
him or them," and in not allowing the said court to
hear rebutting testimony as to the value of the estate
owned by said sureties, was not in violation of the
act of Congress passed on the 2d day of March. 1897,
entitled "An acttoprovidofor the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States;" and that the paid
committee have power to send for persons and.
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise.
message from tub president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, liis Private Secretary,
informed the House that, the President had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. It. No, 2252) for the relief of
Meiinda Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmon,
of Greene county, Tennessee ; and
An act (II. R. No. 2414) ceding certain
jurisdiction to the State of Ohio.
