mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
necessary that, so to say, we should transport
ourselves out of ourselves, so as to obtain a
perfectly independent, impartial, and objec-
ive view of things.
Let me suppose that you, Mr. President,
although being born in this country, had left it
■when still young. You had studied the theory
of our Government; you had become itabued
with its principles, your mind had become sat-
urated with the teachings of the fathers of this
Republic, but you had not become fatqiliar
with the workings of our political machinery
in detail. Then you had gone to study the
theories and Observed the practice of other
Governments in different parts of the world.
Imagine then you had come back to this coun-
try about the 4th of March of the year after
a presidential eleptiort which had resulted in a
change of party control. You would at once
hasten to the capital of yotir country. You
would bribg with you ah exalted idea of the
greatness of this Republic, of its tremendous
extent, of its gigantic resources, of the mul-
tifarious interests which are involved in its
political life, of the great history and noble
qualities of its people, of its gteat mission in
the history of the world. You come here to
Washington to witness the spectacle of the
inauguration. You see the President stand-
ing in front of the Capitol, and before liim an
immense multitude, aud you behold that grand
and simple scene in which the President lays
before the people of the United States those
principles and views of policy which are toguide
him in the administration of public affairs—a
scene grand, simple, and in imposing harmony
with the nature of our institutions.
So far your mind receives impressions cor-
responding with the convictions you had pre-
viously formed. But you spend some time at
Washington, aftet- having viewed this interest-
ing and grand spectacle. Presently it strikes
yon that upon the avefiuCs, and in the hotels,
and at all public placed you theet a motley
throng with anxious eyes, netvous movements,
a curious expression of countenance. Grad-
ually you learn to understand what it means.
After a few days you desire to pay ydur re-
spects to the President. With something akin
to awe you enter the White House to visit the
Chief Magistrate of this grand Republic. Of
course you expect to find him surrounded by
his council of State, and, being new to the
duties of his great office, diligently and earn-
estly studying those great problems which it will
be his mission to solve. But ho# do you find
him? In the midst of tjie s'atae anxious faces,
' the same eager eyes, the sanle nervous coun-
tenances Which have already attracted your
attention before, arid man after man pressing
upon him, pouring hurried tales into hid ear,
or pressing papers upon hiftl tvith the vehe-
mence of extreme urgency. What do they ask
for? They all want office, and want it quickly.
You see the President bewildered, confused ;
and after a little while you come to the Unwel-
come conclusion that the great chief of the
American Republic, in his present situation
at least, is an object of pity. From him yon
go to visit the ministers of State, the heads of
the Departments, and what do you find there?
You expect, of course, to see them at least, if
the President is otherwise occupied, engaged
m an arduous study of their great duties, tor
to them also thesfe duties are new. But you
find the same spectacle there ; a pressing mul-
titude asking for office. You visit Senators
and Represetitatives, atid how do you find
them? Engaged in the Consideration of the
great political questions whose solution the
situation of things deniands 8f them? No;
you find them surrounded by the same crowd,
dogged from place to place, marching along
the avenue at a hurried step, followed by a
long train of anxious pursuers, rnrtning to
the'President, running to the Departments—
nay, you may follow them even to another place
in some of these splendid public buildings
of ours—a side-office, where they pay their re-
spects to a young gentlemail v>hd at first must
appear to you (me of the high dignitaries; and
you are SomeWhat astonished when you hear
that he is the appointment Clerk, who very
graciously i-ebeives the Representatives of the
people, with their hats in their hands, and
condescendingly dispetiseS his favors upon
them, or with polite regret assures them that
he cannot accommodate them all. Sir, it is
by no means with a feeling of pride that I make
the confession, but I must say that, carried
away by the system which prevails, I have
been there myself and I have witnessed the
scene.
And now, sir, what are all these men en-
gaged in? What does this spectacle of frantic
hurry and pressure meaii ? It means nothing
more nor less than that the President, the
members of the Cabinet, Senators, and Rep-
resentatives, and the whole multitude which
fills the capital, are busy in taking to pieces
the whole machinery of the Government im-
mediately after the accession to power of the
new Administration, then to recompose it
again out of new materials. From the col-
lector of customs in New York down to the
meanest postmaster in the country, from the
minister plenipotentiary down to the tide-
waiter, all must be removed to make room
for new men. Nobody is to be spared but
some old experts here and there in Govern-
ment offices, without whose experienced aid
the machinery would come to an absolute
stand-still. Such, you are told, has become
the established custom in this great Republic
of ours; and the same spectacle repeats itself
every four years.
You ask yburself, is this necessary, is it de-
sirable? And if it were necessary or desirable
would this be an opportune moment for doing
it? Why, sir, the President and heads of the
Departments, just having beeii put in their
places, are new to the duties they have to
perforin, new to the requirements of the service
which they have to carry 011, unacquainted with
the personnel they have to deal with. It would
seem exttetnely difficult for them even to form
an intelligent judgment at first of the propriety
of any change to be made; however limited.
Nothing, therefore, would be more urgently
required than eteim reflection, a quiet survey
of the whole field, so as to ascertain what there
is calling for transformation, and what the
means are, and where and how proper material
can be found, to execute it; And yet, jiist at
that moment, When, to use a popular phrase,
hardly anybody is kfiowing what he is about—
just at that vef-y momrtiit the tremendous oper-
ation is to be performed of faking to pieces
the whole machinery of the Government and
recomposing it again out of n^w material. _
Now, sir, what is to guide the appointing
power in this fearful and perplekiug task ? Is
it personal knowledge? Impossible. They do
not know the men who are applying for office;
in nine hundred and ninety-nine of a tliousahd
cases they never saw them, never heard of them.
What is it, then? They are required to act
on recommendations, and those recommend-
ations are put on paper. You are curious to
see such a paper, and one of the aspirants,
perhaps considering you an important man,
will he very glad to hand it to you, may be to
obtain your signature, too, in his favor. And
what do you read ? The applicant for office
is represented to be the model man ot the
age in point of character, of intelligence, ot
capacity, and of political merit; he is just t-ne
man for such a place, and it would inflict
serious damage on the country not to appoint
liini. You ask his neighbor, who, perhaps, is
bis competitor, and he will inform you that
the same man who in that paper is described
as the model man of the Republic is a very
shabby character,_ and that no more improper
person could be selected; but that he himself
(the competitor) is just the rtiah whose services
the Republic needs.
Now, sir, how are these recommendations
made and how are they obtained ? Look at the
Congressman who is to distribute the offlees
in his district. Laboring Under the pMssltre
coming from those who exercise political influ-
ence among his constituents, he is not permitted
to follow his own judgment. He is bbiind to a
great many of his Apolitical friends" by What
he considers honorable political obligations,
and he is forced to take their judgment in a
great tliany cases for his own. Sometimes,
indeed, he has a personal knowledge of the in-
dividuals he is to recommend ; but in a great
many cases not. So you see that by no means
in all cases the reconimendatioils of the Con-
gressman for office in his district are his own,
but forced upon him by other people, to be
taken upon trust. *
But as to offices not local, you witness the
interesting spectacle of Senates and Repre-
sentatives cooperating. It ig theprgani2htion
of a mutuai insurance society; "You signthis
recommendation of my friend, I sign that rec-
ommendation of yours." It is a matter of
mutual accommodation. And here the ele-
ment of personal knowledge enters butrorely.
What must the consequences be? Consider
our senatorial duty to net in a judicial capacity
on the confirmation or rejection of nomina-
tions which we ourselves, without, personal
knowledge of the individual, have aided in pro-
curing, and then look at a case which happened
to myself. At the solicitation of a frietid on
this floor 1 put my name to a recommenda-
tion, in good faith ; and 011 the strength of that
paper, bearing many signatures, tine President
nominated the applicant; aud when his name
caiiie before the Senate, and we had to pass
sentence upon him, 1 learned thlbgs which,
had I known then, would never have permit-
ted ilib to join ill the recommendation. But
there he was; and possibly.my own sigiiauH'e,
together with those of other Senators, bad
induced the President to ildinin&te ltlm. What
should *e do when called upoh to eohfitm or
reject the nomination ?■ Reject a nomination
we ourselves had induced the President to
mafic? Or confirm it against the dictates of
our own consciences? Do you perceive the
conflict between dtity and fairness which the
present, way of doing things is so apt t'o bring
upon us? And 1 venture to say that.no ses-
sion passes by without the occurrence of many
similar cases.
There, then, are recommendations with and
without personal knowledge, e&torted and
freely given, honest and dishonest; sifid, these
are the things which are to guide the appoint-
ing power in that most important apd difficult
operation, the sudden and hurried disorganiza-
tion and reorganieation of the whole adminis-
trative machinery.
And, sir, this is not the worst feature of the
business. I have known instances tfbef-e a
regular office-brokerage was established, and
where a member of this Senate, not now here,
a gentleman of the most honorable character,
was induced by a so-called friend to sign a
recommendation for a third individual, by
which that third individual was to obtain an
appointment in one ot the Departments, the
"friend" having exacted and obtained a fee
of $100 to procure the signature of the Senator.
The Senator would have kicked that friend out
of his presetibe had he bad arty suspicion of the
dishonorable traffic. But I ask you, can you
tell, or can 1 tell, if we are facile enough to
sif'ti papers at the request of outside friends,
that, We have not fallen into the. same "snare,
and thflt your and my signature have not been
sold by an office-broker for money?
