'67.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
MESSAGE FROM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of Hs clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
and joint resolution of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1549) to enable Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improvement in
bedstead fastenings; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 434) extend-
ing the use of the Library of Congress to the
commissioners appointed to revise and consol-
idate the laws of the United States.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of its own of the fol-
lowing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 1156) increasing the pensions
of disabled soldiers and sailors, and of the
widows and children of deceased soldiers and
sailors; and
A bill (S. No. 1190) to create an additional
land district in the State of California.
RECONSIDERATION OF RKPEltBNCKS.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes by which, since the expiration
of the morning hour, bills, &c., have been
referred or recommitted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CiiEDHNTIALS OF A MIC JIBE It FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. YOUNG. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 present the credentials of my col-
league, Mr. W. W. Paine, a Representative-
elect to the Forty-First Congress from the first
congressional district of the State of Georgia,
and ask that he now be sworn in.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why should not these
credentials be sent to the Committee of Elec-
tions, as was done in the case of the other
members from Georgia.
Mr.^ BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no objection to these credentials.
Mr, PAINE, of Wisconsin. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr, Young]
if there is any contest in this case?
Mr. YOUNG. There is no contest in this
case.
Mr. PATNT13, of Wisconsin. I have been in-
formed by the Clerk of this House, with whom
I have been in communication upon the sub-
ject^ that no papers of contest have been filed
in this case, and the gentleman whose creden-
tials are now presented states that there is no
contest in his case. I believe from all 1 can
hear that there is no contest in this case, and,
having been informed that the credentials are
in the same form as those of the other gentle-
men from Georgia who have been admitted, J
can see no objection to the.gentleman being
now sworn in.
No objection being made, Mr. W. \V. Paixe
came forward and took the oath of office pre-
scribed by the act of July 11, 1868.
lUNIi IN THE NAVY.
1 he question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Stevens, that the rules be suspended for
the purpose of: allowing the Committee on
Naval Affairs to report for action at this time
House bill No. 1832, to regulate rank in the
Navy of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, with sundry amendments thereto.
^Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman, from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] allow other
amendments in addition to those of the com-
mittee?
'J he SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised
on that, point.
Mr. STEVENS. Acting under the instruc-
tion of the committee, I do not feel, at this
time, authorized to consent to the offering of
amendments other than those of the commit-
tee. If the bill he taken up I will consider j
that question. j
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to know
whether this bill is the unanimous report of
the committee, or simply the report of the
majority?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the matter is not
open at this time for general debate. I will
say, however, that if the bill be taken up I shall
not object to proper debate.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to ; there being—ayes 127, noes 13.
So the House proceeded to the consideration
of the bill; which was read, as follows:
Be it enacted bv the Senate and' 1louse of Representa-
tive* of the United, States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the officers of the medical corps on the
active list of the Navy shall be as follows:
Fifteen medical directors, who shall have the rank
of captain;
Fifteen medical inspectors, who shall have the rank
of commander; and
Fifty surgeons, who shall have the rank of lieuten-
ant commander; and each and all of the above-named
officers of the medical corps shall have the pay and
emoluments of surgeons in the Navy as now provided;
One hundredassistantsurgeons, whoshall have the
rank of master, with the present pay and emoluments
of assistant surgeon in the Navy: Provided, That
assistant surgeons of three years' service, who have
been found qualified for promotion by a medical
board of examiners, shall have the rank of lieuten-
ant, with the pay and emoluments of passed assist-
ant surgeons, as now provided.
Sec. 2. And be it .further enacted, That no person
under twenty-one or over twenty-six years of age
shall hereafter be appointed as assistant surgeon in
the Navy.
pay corps.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the officers
of tho pay corps on the active list of the Navy shall
be as follows •
Thirteen pay directors, who shall have the rank
of captain;
Thirteen pay inspectors, who shall have the rank
of commander; and
Fifty paymasters, whoshall have the rank of lieu-
tenant commander; and each and all of the above-
named officers of the pay corns shall have the pay
and emoluments of paymasters in the Navy as now
provided ;
Forty passed assistant paymasters, who shall have
the rank of lieutenant, with the pay and emoluments
of passed assistant paymasters in the Navy as now
provided;
Twenty assistant pas'masters, who shall have the
rank of master, with the pay and emoluments of
assistant paymasters as now provided: Provided,
however. That all laws and regulations relating to
the bonds of paymasters shall continue in full force
and application, and the issuing of anew appoint-
ment and commission to any officer of the pay corps
under tho provisions of this act shall not affect or
annul any existing bond: but the same shall remain
in foree. and apply to such new appointment and
commission.
KNrGIXEF.R CORPS.
Sue. 4 And be it further enacted. That the officers
of the engineer corps on the active list of the Navy
shall bo as follows:
Ten chief engineers, who shall have the rank of
eantain;
Fifteen chief engineers, who shall have the rank
of commander; and
Twenty-five chief engineers, who shall have the
rank of lieutenant commander; and each and all of
the above-named officers of the engineer corps shall
have the pay and emoluments of chief engineers of
the Navy, as now provided;
One hundred first assistant engineers, who shall
have the rank of lieutenant: and
One hundred second assistant engineers, who shall
have the rank of master; and the said assistant engi-
neers shall have the pay and emoluments of first and
second abbistanfc engineers of the Navy, respectively,
as now provided.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there shall
bo two naval constructors, who shall have the rank
of captain, three the rank of commander, three the
rank of lieutenant commander, and fourthe rank of
lieutenant; four chaplains, who shall havethe rank
of captain, seven the rank of commander, and not
more than seven the rank of lieutenant commander;
three professors of mathematics, who shall have the
rank of captain, fourthe rank of commander, and
four the rank of lieutenant; two civil engineers,
who shall have the rank of captain, two the rank of
commander, and fourthe rank of lieutenant com-
mander. The secretary to the Admiral shall have
the rank of captain: the secretary to the Vice
Admiral shall have the. rank of commander; and
secretaries to rear admirals, and to commodores
commanding squadrons shall have the rank of lieu-
tenant commanders: Provided, hotoevtr. That the
rank hereby given to said secretaries shall continue
and be held by them only during the term of such
service as secretary: and the provisions of this act
shall not be so construed as to authorize the ap-
pointment or employment of any secretary not now
authorized and provided for by existing laws, nor to
increase the present pay of any officer named iu this
scetion.
Skc.6. And be it further enacted, That the foregoing
grades hereby established for the i-taff corps of the
Navy, with the exception of said secretaries, shall be
filled, according to seniority, by appointment and ad-
vancement on the active lists of theseveral staffcorps
of the Navy, as now borne upon the register; the high-
est grades being filled from the head of the list in
each corps, and Jthc succeeding grades in like man-
ner from the names remainingthereon ; and no offi-
cer shall be reduced in rank, or subjected to loss of
seniority by any change which may be required
under the provisions of this bill: Provided, That no
existing commission shall.be vacated in said several
staffcorps except by the issue of new commissions
required by the provisions of this act, iu which new
commissions the titles and grades herein established
shall be inserted or substituted, and said new com-
missions shall restore to such of said staff officers as
ranked with captains or commanders under article
second of the "Navy Regulations." dated April 18.
1865, the. rank and seniority given by those regula-
tions^!* intended to beest:iblis>hed thereby; and the
provisions of this hill shall restore in tho lemaining
grades of said staffcorps, to the ofliecrs therein, the
rank so given or intended to be given by said regu-
lations: Provi<led further, That chiefs of Ihucmus
may be appointed fiom captains in the start' corp-?
of the Navy.
Sec, 7. And be it further enacted, That officers
of the medical, pay, and engineer corps, and also
constructors, chaplains, and professors of mathe-
matics, who shall have served faithfully for forty-
five years, shall when letired have the rank of com-
modore; and officersof theseseveralcorps, whohave
been, or shall be retired at the age of sixty-two years,
before having served for forty-five years, but who
shall have served faithfully until retired, on thecom-
pletionof forty yea.rsfrom their entry into the sei vice,
shall, also, from that time have the rank of commo-
dore; and officers of the medical, pay, and engineer
corps, and also constructors, chaplains, and profess-
ors of mathematics, who have been, or shall be, re-
tired for causes incident to the service before arriving
at sixty-two years of age, shall have the same rank
on the retired list as pertained to their position on
the active list: Provided, however, Thatnothingcon-
tainedin this section shall be construed to increase
the pay now provided for said several staff officers.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the chiefs of
the Bureaus of Medicine and Surgery, Provisions
and Clothing:, Steam Engineering,Construction and
Repair, shall have the rank of commodore while
holding said position ; or, if retired therefrom by rea-
son of age orlengUi of service, with pay as now pro-
vided for said Chiefs; and shall have, respectively,
the title of Surgeon General, Paymaster General,
and Engineer in Chief: Provided, That chaplains,
professors of mathematics, and naval constructors,
now on the retired list, shall have the rank thereon
to which they would have been entitled had thev
remained on the active list, unless they shall be
entitled to higher rank.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That command-
ing officers shall take precedence of all staff officer?
under their command, and no staff officer shall, in
virtue of Wis rank, exercise command or authority
in the line of the Navy, or in any staff corps or
department thereof, except the corps or department
to which he belongs; and shall have no additional
right to quarters on account of his rank; and in
processions on shore, on courts-martial, summary
courts, courts of inquiry, boards of survey, and all
other boards, line and staff officers shall take prece-
dence according to rank.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the num-
ber of masters and ensigns authorized by law is
herebj* fixed and established at one hundred in each
grade; and ensigns in the Navy shall hereafter be
steerage officers, unless assigned to dutv as watch
and division officers. Nothing contained in this act
shall bo construed as vacating the commission of
anv master or ensign now in the service.
Sec.11. Andbe it further enacted, Thatthestudents
in the Naval Academy shall hereafter be styled cadet-
midshipmen ; and so much of the act to amend cer-
tain acts in relation to the Navy, approved March 2,
1867, as authorizes the President to appoint midship-
men from among the boys enlisted in the Navy is
hereby repealed. When cadet-midshipmen shall
have passed successfully the graduating examin-
ation at said Academy they shall receive warrants
as midshipmen, ranking according to merit.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That any officer
of the Navy below the grade of commander, who,
upon examination for promotion, shall not be found
profession ally qualified, shall be suspended from pro-
motion for one year, when he shall be reexamined,
and in ease of his failure upon such reexamination
shall be dropped from the service.
Sec. 13, And be it further enacted. That the office
of Solicitor and Navol Judge Advocate Gene nl bp,
and the same is hereby, continued and established.
Sec. 14. Andbe it further enacted, That no promo-
tion to the grade of lieutenant commander on the
active list shall be made until the number in said
grade shall be reduced below eighty, which shall
thereafter be the number allowed by law; and when
the number of lieutenant commanders shall have
been so reduced, section five of the act to define
the number and regulate the appointment of offi-
cers m the Navy, and for other purposes, approved
July 25, 1S66, phall stand repealed. And as the
number of 1 ieutenanfe commanders is reduced the
number of lieutenants shall be increased, until tho
number in said grade of lieutenants on the active
list shall bo two hundred, which shall thereafter be
the number of lieutenants allowed by law.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer, under instructions
of the committee, the amendments which I send
to the desk.
