1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
that amount of money has to be added to the
appropriation bill. There is no other way
of getting around this question. We must
either have Indian wars, or we must make
sufficient appropriations to keep the Indians
upon reservations and keep them from roam-
ing over the country and committing depre-
dations upon the white people. Congress can
take its choice. If it is the desire to precip-
itate us again into Indian wars, I think we
bad better stop making appropriations for the
Indian service and commence making appro-
priations for our Army and for increasing the
Army, and then we shall have to expend
about twenty million dollars more per annum
than we do now. We have just reduced the
Army and the expenses of the Army, believ-
ing that it was cheaper to support the Indians,
to appropriate one, two, or three million dol-
lars a year, if necessary, in carrying out this
humane policy, and thus prevent the expend-
iture of $20,000,000 per annum for the &rmy.
The Committee on Indian Affairs have
reported amendments to this bill amounting
to two or three hundred thousand dollars for
surveys, in order to give various Indians their
lands in severalty, so that they can be located
upon pieces of land, as suggested by the Sena-
tor from Nevada, and commence the pursuit of
agriculture ; but I venture to say that when
those amendments are reached some Senator
will get up and make an attack upon them,
because they are appropriations for the Indians,
for the purpose of giving them their lands in
severalty to enable them to pursue farming and
agriculture. There is always some one here to
object to every proposition that is made for the
benefit of the Indians, either in one point or
another. One party will get up and object to
any more Indian treaties, and then another
party will get up after we stop making Indian
treaties and oppose any appropriation for
Indians with whom we have no treaties. There
are Indians in the country with whom we have
no treaties, and because we have no treaties
with them, there are Senators here who will
oppose any appropriation for these Indians,
and then others will oppose any further Indian
treaties.
What are we to do in this case? We neither
pursue one course or the other. Let us adopt
one course and pursue it steadily for some
length of time, so that we can see the result
of it. We have appointed by act of Congress
an Indian commission, to serve without pay,
to visit the Indian reservations and report to
us the results of their observation and their
experience. They have reported to us that
they believe it is necessary for these Indians to
make an additional appropriation of $15,000;
that it will increase the efficiency of the ser-
vice, and place them in a better condition to
support themselves hereafter. Now, because
that appropriation is not provided for by treaty,
Senators oppose it. Of what use are these
commissioners, what is the use of appointing
a humane commission to visit the reservations
if when their recommendations are presented
and examined by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and adopted by that committee and
f resented to the Senate, the Senate vote down
every appropriation proposed in accordance
with those recommendations? We have no
use for this commission if that is to be the
result. If we are to vote down every recom-
mendation of this commission for improving
the condition of the Indians, we might as well
abolish the commission at once and leave
the Indians to take care of themselves as they
have done heretofore.
Mr. President, we have had some very
lengthy speeches on this question, and they
have taken a very wide range. I hope that we
may now have a vote on this amendment. The
•Committee on Indian Affairs desire a vote.
If it is the determination of the Senate to vote
no appropriations except such as are called
for by treaties, if they will not give this com-
mission any money except what is specified in
the treaties, let us know it; let it be decided;
but do not talk this bill to death and continue
the subject over to another session after the
4th of March. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. COLB. I concur in the last sentiment
of the Senator from Oregon, and in order to
test the question, I move—I think there will
Be no objection to that on the part of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs—to lay this amend-
ment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to lay the pending amendment on the
table.
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and the ayes were ten.
Mr. COLE. I think probably we had better
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOWLER, and Mr. HAMILTON of
Maryland. Yes, let us have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a suggestion to
make to the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia. The Senate is very thin to-night, and I
would rather have the vote taken on this ques-
tion in a fuller Senate. If the honorable chair-
man will permit this amendment to be passed
over informally, perhaps we cau work effect-
ively on another part of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same question is
involved in other amendments.
Mr. HARLAN. We can pass those over
also.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember any other
amendments of this exact character. I shall
consent, for one, that this amendment shall be
passed over for the present.
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to pass over
all amendments just like this, and take a test
vote on this amendment in a full Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ifthere.be
no objection the pending amendment will be
passed over.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICFjR. The pending
motion is the motion to lay the amendment .on
the table, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr." SPENCER and Mr. WILSON. We do
not want the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has
been a division, and after that the yeas and
nays wer6 ordered by the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Cole, Hamilton
of Maryland, Howe, Nyo, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague,
and Stewart—10.
NAYS — Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Casserly,
Conkling, Corbefct, Cragin, Davis. Fowler. Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Hill, Howard, Kellojg,
Lewis, McDonald, i'omcroy, Ramsey, Ross, Spen-
cer, Stearns, Stockton, Vickers, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Buckingham, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler.
Edmunds, Fentou, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Texas. Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn. Pat-
terson, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Scott, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and Yates—36.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall now come to
a vote without further debate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 14, line three hun-
dred and twenty-seven, to strike out " one" and
insert " three so that the clause will read:
For insurance, transportation, and necessary cost
of delivery of annuities and provisions for Chippe-
was of Mississippi, in accordance with sixth article
of the treaty of March 19,1867, $3,500.
Mr. COLE. I hope that amendment will not
be agreed to. The last year's appropriation
was the same as is now in the bill, and the
appropriation for this purpose stands in the
bill just as it was sent to ns from the House.
The amount in the bill of last year for insur-
ance and transportation was alleged to. have
been in accordance with treaty stipulation. I
hope the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs says it is utterly impossible to
transport the goods for the amount , named in
the bill. «
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to strike out the
word "insurance." We do not want to pay
any more insurance. Let the transportation
be paid for; but it is never good policy for the
Government to insure.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the Senator from
Kansas to make that proposition apply to all
tii€SB items.
Mr. POMEROY. It ought to apply to them
all. I have tried for two or three years to get
the Government to do its own insuring. If
one of the companies that you insure these
goods in should lose they would come here
and get it out of us again. You never knew
the Government to collect any insurance in
your life; and yet we are constantly paying
money to insurance companies on these Indian
Mr. CORBETT. I will state the difficulty
there is in that. In case of the loss of some
of these goods in a distant portion of the coun-
try, where we have a treaty stipulation with
the Indians, they donotknow why they do not
receive their goods ; but if we have them in-
sured we canat once duplicate the invoice and
supply the Indians, and for that reason it is
thought best to insure. That is all I wish to
say on that subject.
Mr. NYE. Is not the Government as able
to insure itself as these companies are ?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir; but the trouble
is that it takes over a year to get another ap-
propriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to this amendment reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 15, line three hun-
dred and forty-three, to strike out the words
"and medicine for the sick, $500."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These words
were stricken out in Committee of the Whole,
on the motion of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and the Committee on Indian Affairs
now propose to restore them.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Those words are not in
the treaty.
Mr. POMEROY. Even if they are not in
the treaty, we are not quite so God-forsaken,
1 think, as to deny medicine for the sick.
Mr. COLE. My colleague on the committee
states that this provision is not in the treaty,
and I am very sure he is correct about that.
We make many other appropriations for these
same Indians, running through several pages
of the bill, giving them money from which
they can pay for medicines, and pay their doc-
tors' bills also.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be
aware that in remote portions of this conti-
nent, where there are no drug stores and no
facilities for obtaining medicines, if medicines
are to be used at all and to be good for any-
thing there ought to be some specific appro-
priation for them, and the Government in this
case proposes to appropriate $500 for that
purpose. I do not think it unreasonable.
Mr. NYE. For what tribe?
Mr. POMEROY. The Chippewas of the
Mississippi, Pillager, and Lake Winnebago-
shish bands of Chippewa Indians.
Mr. CORBETT. You provide for a phy-
sician for these Indians, but do not give him
any medicine. That is the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, striking out
these words.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
