1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
679
The Clerk read the first amendment as fol-
lows:
In lino thirteen of section three strike out "forty"
and insert " thirty:" so that the fifth clause of the
section will read as follows:
Thirty passed assistant paymasters, who shall have
the rank of lieutenant, with the pay and emoluments
of passed assistant paymasters in the Navy as now
provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read as follows:
In line nine of section five insert after the word
"lieutenant" the word "commander:" so that the
clause will read: "and four the rank of lieutenant
commander."
• The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read as follows:
Strike out sections ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen
and fourteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read as follows:
Add at the end of the bill the following as a new
section:
And be it further enacted. That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be quite prepared
at this time to demand the previous question
but that I understand some of the opponents
of the bill desire to discuss it. I wish to be
liberal in this matter ; and although I am reluc-
tant to take up the time of the House, I propose
to yield to gentlemen who wish to oppose the
bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a bill of too much
itn portance to be rushed through without exam-
ination.
Mr. CULLOM. How long a time does the
gentleman propose to allow for debate?
Mr. STEVENS. As to that matter, I am
willing to be governed by the sense of the
House. But, from the vote already given, I
think that most members have made up their
minds as to the merits of the bill, it having
been discussed for more than two years in the
newspapers of the country, and especially here
in Congress. Still, I desire that the minority,
representing the views of the line, may be
heard on this question. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] I know desires
to discuss it. I wish he would indicate how
much time he would like to occupy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not know. Not very
much.
Mr. STEVENS addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
At the conclusion of his speech he said: I
will now yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield.] How much time
does the gentleman desire?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not wish to be
limited.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire yield absolutely to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish to yield the
floor absolutely. How much time have I left?
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman hasspoken
twenty-three minutes, and he has thirty-seven
minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman says he
does not desire to be limited; but there are
other gentlemen who wish to be heard, and
to whom I desire to yield during my hour. I
will ask, as a parliamentary question, how
much time I have altogether?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is on the
floor under the hour rule, and has consumed
twenty-three minutes of his time. When the
previous question shall be seconded and the
main question ordered, the gentleman will
not be entitled to another hour, because this
bill has been brought before the House under
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not be entitled to
an hour after the main question has been
ordered. • ■,
The SPEAKER. No debate will be in order
after the main question has been ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Cannot the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens]
yield the floor absolutely now, and then take
the rest of his time hereafter?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield
the floor now, and of course the Chair would
recognize him at any time he may indicate a
desire to take the floor for the purpose of clos-
ing debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that reasonable
time will be allowed for debate.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] indicate some
time—say three o'clock—when he will seek the
floor for the purpose of calling the previous
question?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] proposes to
yield the floor, I desire to take it, and not
have my time consumed in this discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Steven's] has thirty-five min-
utes of his hour remaining, and yields the floor.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] will proceed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I feel con-
strained to vote against this bill, but not
because I undervalue the officers whom it
attempts to grade. It undertakes to create
ranks and titles of mere honor, entirely inde-
pendent of and separate from the duties of the
officers who bear them. I cannot bring my
mind to approve the principle. It seems to
me to be repugnant not only to the spirit of
the Constitution but to the underlying theory
of republican government. I will endeavor to
explain the purpose and operation of the bill.
The duties of the Navy are separated into
various departments. The officers who per-,
form the duties of each department are called
a corps, and each corps has a name significant
of its duties. The officers who command ships
are called the line corps, the officers who
take charge of sanitary aft'airs are called the
medical corps, the officers who purchase sup-
plies and pay the men are called the pay
corps, and officers who take charge of the
steam machinery are called the engineer corps,
and so on. The duties of each department are
again subdivided and classified according to
the supposed amount of experience, skill, and
ability required to perform them.
"Each of these classifications of duties has also
an appropriate name. That name becomes
the title of the officer who performs them.
So when you hear the title of a naval officer
you know at once not only to what depart-
ment or corps he belongs, but also what class
of duties he performs in that corps. When an
officer has the title of captain you know he
belongs to the line corps and commands a
second-class ship. When of commander, you
know he belongs to the same corps, but com-
mands a third-class ship. As we have quite a
number of ships of the second and third classes,
we must have at least an equal number of cap-
tains and commanders to take charge of them.
These several captains constitute the row, line,
or rank of captains. The several commanders
constitute the row, line, or rank of command-
ers ; and so on. When an officer has the title
of chief engineer, you know in the same way
to what corps he belongs and what class of
duties he performs in the corps. And as the
service requires many chief engineers, they con-
stitute the rank for that class of duties. T-"®
same may be said of every other corps. Each
corps, therefore, has its own ranks. The title
which an officer bears indicates and defines
his duties as much as that of sheriff or pro-
thonotary in the civil service. It is given to
him for that purpose, and that alone. It was
not designed to be, and is not in any sense, a
title of honor. It may be honorable, because
the o-ood behavior of the men who have borne
it have made it so, but the law gives it no such
quality. It is a title of utility, ofnecessity, ot
definition only. . .
But, in addition to these ranks or titles,
another rank, or quasi rank, has crept into the
service. It is called relative or assimilated
rank. It does not designate duties, nor im-
pose responsibility, nor limit authority, like
the other, it deals in honor only. It under-
takes to compose the several offices or classifi-
cation of duties in the several eorps, and declare
the relative degree of importance that should
attach to each. It undertakes to say that a
chief engineer shall be esteemed in law as of
as-much consequence as a surgeon, and that
both shall stand as high in the scale of honor
as a commander in the line corps. Let me
illustrate by a comparison with the civil ser-
vice. The United States judiciary consists
of a Chief Justice, justices of the Supreme
Court, circuit judges, district judges, and com-
missioners. We will call it the line corps of
the civil service. Now, if we were to compare
the legislative branch with the judiciary, and
institute degrees of honor as we have already
done in the Navy, we would begin by enacting
that the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House should be esteemed of
as much importance as the Chief Justice, or,
in naval language, should rank with the Chief
Justice; that Senators should rank with jus-
tices of the Supreme Court, Representatives
with circuit judges, the chief clerks with dis-
trict judges, and the executive officers with
commissioners. Absurd as this would be, we
have, nevertheless, enacted just such a law
for the Navy, for just that purpose, and no
other.
I know the advocates of this law are ashamed
to defend its real and only purpose, and en-
deavor to show that it is partly based upon
convenience. It is said that it assists an offi-
cer if summoned to a court-martial or to a
funeral to find his proper place on the bench
or in the procession. But that is merely an
excuse. They can take their seats upon the
bench in the order in which they are named
in the commission, and the marshal can tell
them when to fall in at a funeral. Besides, it
is a consolation to know that if they should
happen to get a little too far forward or too
far behind it would be of no sort of conse-
quence either to the country or the corpse.
It is also said, as an excuse, that they have
this rank in foreign navies. That is true; but
the whole government, civil as well as military,
and the whole structure of society there, are
based upon ranks of honor. They may be
suitable in an aristocracy, but they are an
anomaly in a republic. And to the credit ot
the representatives of a plain, untitled people
be it said that this honorary rank never had
its origin in Congress. It crept into the ser-
vice through the Department, and its legaliza-
tion slipped through Congress almost unob-
served. But the law is there. I am not now
proposing to repeal it. It is anti-republican ;
but let it go.
But what is the matter now? Why have we
another long bill upon that subject? What
now is wanted? Two things.
First, a revision and readjustment of these
degrees of honor. The creation of these hon-
orary ranks did not give as much happiness to
the Navy as was expected. It produced only
jealousy and strife. Nobody was satisfied with
the estimate put upon him by the law except
those who stood at the top. Even they could
not look down upon their envious inferiors with
as much serenity as might have been expected.
It only made them the subjects of criticisms.
Those who were not included at all in this
honorary classification of course felt neglect-
ed and dissatisfied. It was not long before a
revision was asked for and undertaken, and
then another and another ; but each modifica-
tion only increased the dissatisfaction, i his
bill proposes another revision. Its friends
imagine they have found at last the exact
measure of honor. They attempt to give to
each officer his quantum, meruit of that ethe-
rial element, and hope thus to smooth the
wrinkled brow of naval discontent. Ihe hope,
I fear is vain. For the sake of the argument,
