1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
150 5
Mr. COLE. The vote just taken involves
the necessity, I presume, of discarding the
next amendment as to the sum in controversy.
Having made this appropriation of $500 for
medicines in line three hundred and forty-
three, the next amendment, striking out $?00
and inserting $200 in line three hundred and
forty-five, should be disagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last
vote involves the necessity of amending the
clause further, as the Senator from California
suggests, in regard to the total sum appropri-
ated. If there be no objection the clause
will be amended in that respect.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 18, after
line four hundred and twenty, the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be used at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, to carry on the work of instructing and aiding
the Chippewas of Red Lake, the Pembina tribe of
Chippewas, and other Indians of the Mississippi Chip-
pewa agency, (not including the Chippewas of Lake
Superior.) in the art3 of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, $40,000.
Mr. HARLAN. This is just like the other
amendment upon which the yea and nay vote
was taken. These Indians have a reservation,
the reservation mentioned by the honorable
Senator from California, of something like
thirty or thirty-five miles square, which has been
divided Op into forty-acrelots, and this amount
will be necessary to enable them to get up their
little homes and make little improvements, to
get a start.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
ayes appeared to have it,
Mr. COLE. I call for a division.
Mr. RAMSEY. There onghtto be no hesi-
tation about this.
Mr. NYE. Of course not; it gives to Min-
nesota. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 am sure there will be no
hesitation about it if the Senate will allow me
to explain it.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes twelve.
Mr. POMEROY. No further count is in-
sisted upon, I presume.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
it is insisted upon. I voted against coming
here to-night, and I demand a further count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those op-
posed to the amendment will rise.
Fourteen Senators rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting. _
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment. Several Senators
who are present have not voted.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. This bill appropriates for
these Indians at this place §25,666 66 "for
seventeenth of thirty installments of annuity
in money;" "for seventeenth of thirty install-
ments of annuity in goods;" "for seventeenth
of thirty installments for purposes of utility
"for seventeenth of twenty installments for
purposes of education." The entire demand
for the treaty is $25,666 66.
Mr. COLE. This amendment relates to the
next tribe of Indians mentioned, the Chippe-
was of Red Lake and the Pembina tribe of
Chippewas.
Mr. SAWYER. If it does it is just as bad.
Mr. COLE. Worse still, for the amount
for them is $38,000.
. Mr. SAWYER. The bill appropriates
$38,000; and now we propose to add, deliber-
ately, $40,000 more to what we are doing for
these Indians.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a tremendous ap-
propriation when you consider the amount of
country these Indians have given to the Uni-
ted States, as large as any one of the States in
the East; certainly as large as the State of
OEiol All the Indians, from the Mississippi
river, away west to the Red river in Dakota,
are to be located upon the White Earth reser-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 95.
vation; and with a view to induce them to
adopt the acts of civilized life and the habits
of civilized men, it is the purpose of the Gov-
ernment to survey that reservation and locate
each family on forty acres .of land. Now, how
is that thing to be done without money ? How
are you to get along with Indians so numerous
without making this kind of appropriation ?
Mr. POMEIiOY. On the last Vote we dis-
covered that there was ho quorum. I submit
that no business can be done until we ascer-
tain whether we have a quorums
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from Kansas,
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to state that this
appropriation 
Mr. POMEROY. I call the Senator to
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. CORBETT. What is the question ?
Mr. NYE, (at nine o'clock and thirty-two
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senateadjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada moves that the Senate do
now adjourn. ♦
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate is in the pro-
cess of dividing. To know whether there is
a quorum present or not, it is necessary to have
a call of the yeas and nays. I believe the
yeas and nays have been ordered on the pend-
ing amendment, and I hope we shall have a
vote on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That fact
can be ascertained on the motion to adjourn,
which the Chair rules, on advice, is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course it is always
in order to move to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, and Mr.
HARRIS called for the yeas and nays ; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 1
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that we mast
have a call of the yeas and nays on the pend-
ing motion before any debate can be had.
Mr. CORBETT. Are no remarks in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
out of order.
Mr. CORBETT. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, that the Senate do now adjourn, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Hill, Nye, Ramsey,!
Ross, Spencer, Stearns, Stockton, Vickers, ana VY i 1-
liams—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Carpenter, Chan-
dler, Cole, Oonkling, Corbett, Cra?in, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald,
Pomeroy, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer, Willey, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Cattell,
Edmunds, Fenton, Perry, Flanagan, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Osborn,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sumner, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Warner, and Yates—36.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to state that this
amendment embraces all the Indians men-
tioned in the bill from line two hundred and fifty-
three to line four hundred and twenty, includ-
ing the following tribes : " Chippewas of the
Mississippi," " Chippewas of the Mississippi,
Pillager, and Lake Winnebagoshish bands of
Chippewa Indians," "Chippewas, Pillager,
and Lake Winnebagoshish bands," " Chippe-
was of Red Lake and Pembina tribe of Chippe-
was. '' It embraces all the various tribes men-
tioned from the twelfth to the eighteenth page.
I suppose we could divide this appropriation
up so as to give a small amount to each one,
and probably that would be more satisfactory
to the Senate; but it was thought best to put
it in one bulk, so that it should be distributed
and paid to this entire number of Indians as
might be deemed best.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator
how many Indians there are included alto-
gether?
Mr. CORBETT. I cannot tell the Senator.
As they are located in Minnesota, I presume
the Senator from Minnesota can inform the
Senator on that point.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can tell the Senator.
The White Earth reservation is a reservation
upon which it is intended to collect all the
Chippewas west of the Superior Chippewas,
the " Chippewas of the Lakes," as they are
called. The Chippewas of the Mississippi,
the Winnebagoshish bands, the Pillagers, the
Red Lake, and the Pembina Indians stretch
away across into the Territory of Dakota 
Mr. NYE. I do not care how far they
stretch; I want to know their number.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will tell you that if you
will give me time. The Chippewas of the
Mississippi number abont four thousand five
hundred, the Pillagers about fifteen hundred,
the Pembina and Red Lake Indians about
three thousand. The Senator can add up
those figures, and the result will give him the
number.
Mr. NYE. About nine thousand.
Mr. RAMSEY, AH those Indians are to
be brought on the White Earth reservation.
Mr. NYE. Now, sir 
Mr. CORBETT. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. NYE. I was going to ask the honor-
able Senator if he indorses the statement of
the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to make a motion.
I move to amend the amendment by striking
out " $40,000" and inserting "$20,000." I
should like to do something for these Indians,
and it is better perhaps to give them half a
loaf than none at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment moved
by the Senator from Oregon, reducing the
appropriation to $20,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
adjourn rather than adopt this amendment
now. We have barely a quorum present. I do
not wish to detain the Senate at this period
of the session; but there is one incongruity in
regard to this appropriation bill that strikes
my mind. We have made appropriations to
carry into execution certain treaties, treating
these Indian tribes- as independent nations,
recognizing our treaty obligations with them,
proposing to execute our obligations to the
letter. We have even gone beyond the terms
of the treaties. We have appropriated for
these tribes §63,000 to carry into execution
existing treaties, all that we are bound to pay
them in that aspect of the case. Now we pro-
pose, after treating them as independent na-
tions, to turn around and treat them as pau-
pers, and give to these same Indians $40,000
in addition as paupers, having already given
them $60,000 as independent nations. _
Now, I want to treat this appropriation bill
either in one aspect or the other. If these
Indians are paupers, no longer connected with
us by treaty obligations measuring and mark-
ing the boundaries of our obligations to them,
I want to appropriate the whole sum to them
as paupers, and let them be put on the poor-
list, and be managed in the way it is proposed
to manage them on reservations.
I do not intend to engage in this debate or
to crolong it, but I think Senators ought to
begin to be staggered by the enormous amount
of these appropriations. If we had the money
to spare, if there were no other demands on
the Treasury, if we had nothing to do except
to civilize the Indians, if that was the only
