1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
they could, coming in contact with the miners
and other frontier people who first occupied
that country, and the result is that they are all
gone but the number named by the honorable
Senator who is acting chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. And this has been
the result in every part of the country where
we have not provided for them or aided them
:n providing for themselves.
Now, what Indians on this continent within
the limits of the United States have made
some strides toward civilization and self-
support? Those that stand in the lead are
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, and the Cher-
okees, and the Creeks, and the Seminoles,
and the Senecas, and the Shawnees, and other
small bands ; Indians that are now taking care
of themselves, living on farms, and owning
large herds of cattle ; Indians that were rich
when the war began; Indians with whom we
have been in treaty relations and for whom we
have appropriated vast sums of money. Bat
they were brave men. They fought for their
rights. They made themselves exceedingly
troublesome. They were able for a long time
to fight pitched battles in the open field against
the armies of the United States, and were not
always vanquished.
The United States entered into treaty rela-
tions with them, and agreed to give them large
sums of money from year to year, and finally
settled them where they are now living ; and
they have grown up into a self-sustaining peo-
ple, and are a credit to themselves and to our
civilization, and a credit to the Indian policy.
There are about sixty thousand of them in this
situation. Where they have not been treated
jr. this mode, where our intercourse with them
has been of the style recommended by the hon-
orable Senators from Nevada, they have been
fading away, they have, in fact, become pau-
pers. and when not provided for they have per-
ished. But usually in this process of perishing,
in this process of destruction, they have cost
ns far more than the Indians who have made
this rapid advance in civilization, because they
struggle for their existence. 11 is human nature
to fight for life, and these Chippewas, let me
tell you, are not a subdued race ; they are both
able and willing to contend for their rights.
That brings me to the suggestion made by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
 an\] He says we must treat these Indians
in the one mode or the other; that we have
entered into contracts with them, and we must
either fulfill these contracts, and no more, or
we must abolish these treaties and treat them
as paupers. Why, Mr. President, this is a new
principle of law, that if you have a pauper
who has a debt due him you cannot aid in
his support unless you abolish the contract
that you must in some mode abolish all his other
means of support!
I see no necessity of violating our agreements
with these men, even if it should become neces-
sary in order to enable them in the future to
maintain themselves, to give them a little more
aid. There is no necessity of trampling on
our contracts. It will cost the Government
no more to appropriate this $25,000 under the
treaty than it would to attempt to abolish the
treaty and then appropriate this amount with
the $40,000 in another mode. It all comes
back to the original proposition: are we willing
to put these Indians in a condition where they
cau earn their living by labor?
The fact that heretofore they have not been
wisely managed is not an argument that ought
to be conclusive, because for the last year we
have been attempting to change the policy.
The new policy has not yet been fully tested.
It is believed that it will succeed. The_ Gov-
ernment has invited the churches, religious
people, to take hold of this work. _ They have
agreed to do so. They have nominated their
agents, and they have been appointed and
confirmed by the Senate, and they are making
their way out to these fields of labor. Those
of them who have already reached the Chip-
pewas say that they need a little more money,
a little in addition to that to which they are
entitled under the treaties, to enable them to
settle the Indians on their farms, to put hoes
and axes and spades and plows in their hands,
to buy a few oxen or horses for them to use in
cultivating the soil.
As it seems to me, it would be wise to make
this appropriation. There is no aspect of the
subject, as it presents itself to my mind, that
would justify its refusal. If you refuse to give
them the money they cannot go on in opening
their farms and in cultivating them ; they must
eat up the products that are bought with the
ยง25,000, and attempt to secure the residue of
what is necessary for their living during the
year by hunting and fishing if they can, and
if that fails then by theft and robbery. There
is no other resource. When this information
comes to the Senate from men whose hearts are
in this work, men who are willing to sacrifice
comfort, ease, and homes to go out in a spirit
of philanthropy, and take hold of these children
of the forest, and attempt to civilize them and
make something out of them, and they ask for
so small a sum of money as $40,000, to aid
them in settling down nine thousand Indians,
can the Senate refuse to appropriate it?
To be sure, we have not agreed to do it by
any treaty; we have not heretofore contracted
to do it; but then there is some force, I think,
in the fact that when we bought their lands,
when we made the contract, we gave them a
very small sum of money, less than that which
they ought to have had, and less than that
which would have been granted to them if we
had had faith that it would be applied as we
now believe this appropriation will be applied.
In negotiating these treaties we made the
sums as meager as possible heretofore, because
we believed that a large percentage would be
absorbed by unwise management, by unskilled
men, and perhaps in some cases by dishonest
men; and on that account we made the sums
we agreed to pay as meager as possible. We
ground them down to the lowest sum they would
agree to take in order to quit fighting. If we
put these Indians in the hands of men in whom
we can confide, in whose honesty, in whose
capacity, and in whose philanthropy we have
faith, and they tell us that they must have a
little more money in order to start them off in
this new race for their own support, it seems
to me it would be exceedingly unwise, and as
it presents itself to my mind, inhuman not to
appropriate it.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me to explain?
Mr. STEWART. Not at all. I appear for
the Pi-Ute Indian, and I think that he has been
slandered. It has been intimated that he is
not as good a fighter as the Choctaw or the
Chippewa, or any other Indian. I undertake
to say that the Pi-Ute Indian of Nevada is
as brave an Indian as was ever found on this
continent. He is as brave as any of them,
and has fought as well.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought you said awhile
ago that they were all cowards.
Mr. STEWART. He is as brave as any
Indian on the continent, and the only Indian
on the continent that I know of that stands up
and fights man to man. He fought until he
got sick of fighting; he fought the settlers till
they got sick of fighting. I have seen the thing
as it is, and I know that if you had put in
money as a prize to keep up the fight, it would
have been kept up to this time ; but both the
Pi-Utes and the settlers got sick of it. Sev-
eral hundred were killed on each side, but
they fought well. Then they made peace with
the settlers and there is no object in getting up
another war, and we do not have any more
war there, because they do not have any money
to get for wars, and that is the reason, not
because they are not as brave as other Indians.
I admit that the valley Indians of California
were, when we acquired that country, a degen-
erate race of people. In the northern part of
California the Pit river Indians were as brave
as any Indians on the continent; but the val-
ley Indians of California were an inferior race
of Indians. The mountain Indians, and the
Indians on the east of the mountains partic-
ularly, were as brave a set of men as I ever
saw in the shape of Indians. I do not say they
are as brave as white men; but they stood up
and fought with equal numbers on seveiai
occasions in pitched battles with white men,
and stood in the open field, which is a very
remarkable thing for Indians. I said there
was no money given there, no bone to fight
for. If you had tried to buy them off, there
would have been fighting to this time. If you
commence feeding these Indians to-day and
let them understand that there is a bounty for
getting up war, they are brave enough to get
up one to-morrow.
Another thing I will say for these Indians.
Mexico had nothing to do with them; they
never came in contact with the whites until
the settlements of the last ten or fifteen years.
For the length of time they have had an oppor-
tunity to become civilized they have made more
progress than any other Indians, and they do
more labor in proportion to the number of
Indians there than they do anywhere else. I
saw several hundred of them at work on farms
this last fall; I saw a very large number of
them herding stock; I saw them cutting wood,
and they were getting a pretty good idea of mai n-
taining themselves. There is a stiong public
sentiment in the State, among all classes ot
people, that they shall be fairly treated. A man
who would maltreat an Indian in that State
would fall under the ban of public opinion more
than if he interfered with a white man. There
is that feeling. There has been no bountylor
scalping, there has been no bounty for getting
up Indian wars in that State; and, notwith-
standing all the theories you maj advance, I
undertake to say the policy has been a good
one. I will admit that if it could be carried
out, if I had any faith in the possibility of
carrying it out, I would give them a piece of
land each, and aid them in the proper way to
cultivate rt, without making them dependent.
If I believed there was any hope of doing
that I would be in favor of doing it, but I
know very well that it cannot be done.
I know very well the class ot men who ur^e
me to get appropriations.^ There have been
several delegations here this winter to get large
appropriations and make them Indian agents.
They are looking to money-making; they want
to inaugurate there the same system that has
been tried elsewhere, and it will only result in
destroying the Indians and making them as bad
and as worthless as they are elsewhere.
The Senator from Iowa speaks of the progress
and civilization of the Indians in the Indian
territory. I say they have not progressed at
all. There are a few chiefs who have been
educated. They are mostly white or nearly
white, and have been educated at colleges in
the East on the bounty of the Government;
they are iti partnership with speculators. Ihey
are chiefs. The mass of the Indians in the
Indian territory, from the most reliable
information I can get from Indian agents and
Army officers and men that have traveled in
that country, so far from being civilized are
blanket Indians, and.live upon the bounty ol
the Government. There are a few of them
who get the largest part of this bounty; who
are nabobs, speculators, who come to Wash-
ington and represent the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I know the Senator does
not want to misrepresent the facts
Mr. STEWART. I do not.
Mr. HARLAN. Take the Cherokee nation
of Indians; they do not receive one dollar per
capita. There is nothing distributed among
them.
Mr. STEWART. Do we not give them an
annuity every year?
Mr. HARLAN. We make some appropn-
