u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Senate.
Civil Service Reform—Mr, Sehurz.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
revenue, is not considered an entirely dishon-
orable business. Now, I ask you, sir, is it
not true that here it does not render a man
generally infamous if he robs the United States
provided he does it cleverly? Is it not true
that things are considered fair in politics which
would be looked upon as positively dishonor-
able in private life? Has not the taking dis-
honest advantage of political power and influ-
ence for the acquisition of wealth become a
thing which is judged by a great many with
~ alarming leniency? When the offices of the
Government are looked upon as spoils to be
enjoyed, instead of duties to be performed,
is it a wonder if in certain quarters the atro-
cious notion has gained currency, that he is a
fool who in a political position is not knave
enough to steal? Is it a wonder that under
the spoils system the pursuit of politics should
be looked upon as a trade of somewhat tainted
character; that in explaining the actions even
of the most honorable men the suspicion of
impure motives should, in preference of all
others, be resorted to by the multitude, not
with proper indignation indeed, but with stolid
levity and with resigned indifference, an in-
difference still more demoralizing?
Is it a wonder if professional politicians,
sensible of the tainted character of their busi-
ness, sometiraesask themselves, " Why should
we be better than the reputation of our trade?
Why should we not enjoy the benefits of dis-
honest dealings if they are imputed to us all
the same?" Is it a wonder that even well-
meaning men drift into corrupt practices with-
out knowing it, since long habit and the gen-
eral example have dulled their moral apprehen-
sion of the true character of such practices, and
since public opinion has become so indifferent
to them ?
Thus, sir, the demoralization nourished by
tho system of spoils has filtered through the
whole body-pohtic from top to bottom, even
to the lowest strata of the population ; and
you cannot fail to feel the deep significance of
the words once ultared by Mr. Lincoln, to
which the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] has already alluded. Oneday shortly
before his death, after the commencement of
his second Administration, he pointed out to
a friend the crowd of office-seekers besieging
his door, and said to him, "Now we have mas-
tered the rebellion ; but there you see some-
thing that in the course of time may become
far more dangerous to this Republic than the
rebellion itself." And indeed, sir, he had a
prophetic mind.
I have endeavored to describe the evil; what
now is the remedy? Is there any probability
that the evil will correct itself? i doubt it.
A revolution in public sentiment ever so de-
cided would hardly have lasting effect unless
clothed in the form of law. We have to deal
with a system of temptations which will work
the same results as long as it exists at all.
Let us see, then, whether legislative means are
available and bid fair to be effective.
The present practice of distributing office in
the way of patronage being the root of the evil,
the problem consists in reaching that, without
running against the spirit of the Constitution.
I desire to move the bill to reform the civil
service, which I introduced at the commence-
ment of the last session, as a substitute for the
bill introduced by the Senator from Illinois.
I have changed it in only one essential point.
1 do not indulge in the delusion by any
means that the substitute I offer has any claim
to perfection; on the contrary, I am painfully
sensible of its shortcomings ; but at any rate
it may serve well as a basis for discussion. As
I have already stated, the weak point in the
bill of the honorable Senator from Illinois is
inis: that if he renders it impossible lor the
appointing power to derive information about
the appointments to be made from members
of Congress another source of information
must be substituted, which his bill fails to do.
This source of information is supplied in my
bill by the second section, which 1 ask the Sec-
retary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a board ot nine
commissioners, to be called the civil service board,
among whose duties shall be the following: First. To
prescribe the qualifications requisite for an appoint-
ment into each branch and grade of the civil ser-
vice of the TJnited States, having regard to the fitness
of each candidate in respect to age, health, charac-
ter, knowledge, and ability for the branch of service
and tho particular office for which he presents him-
self or is presented for appointment. Second. To
provide for the examinations and investigations to
be instituted concerning the character and qualifi-
cations of all persons eligible under this act who
may present themselves or be presented for admis-
sion into the civil bei vice. Third. To establish rules
governing the applications of such persons, the tunes
and places of their examinations, the subjects upon
which such examinations shall be had, and the in-
vestigations to be made concerning the character
and qualifications of such a plican s, the mode of
conducting the same, and the manner of keeping
and preserving the records thereof, and of perpetu-
ating the evidence of such applications, qualifica-
tions, examinations, and investigations, and their
result, as they may think expedient. Such rules
shall bo so framed as to keep the branches of the
civil service and the different grades of each branch
distinct and separate. The said board shall divide
the counfiy into territorial districts lor the purpose
of holding examinations of, and conducting investi-
gations concerning, candidates resident or sojourn-
ing thereiui and shall designate one or more con-
venient and accessible places in each district where
examinations shall be held and investigations con-
ducted. Fourth. To hold and conduct such exam-
inations and investigations personally, or bypersons
by tliem specially designated for the purpose. Fifth.
To make report of all rules and regulations estab-
lished by them, and of a summary of their proceed-
ings, including an abstract of their examinations of,
and investigations concerning, candidates for posi-
tions in the civil service, annually, to Congress at the
opening of each session.
Mr. SCHURZ. Before this board all the
applications for office are to go. This board
is not to be in any sense a partisan engine.
The mode of appointment and the tenure
which it is lo have will give it a certain inde-
pendence of party government. It is to be
renewed one third by eveiy successive Admin-
istration, and will soon have a mixed political
character, as one Administration succeedsupon
another, probably under the auspices of differ-
ent parties. The members of the board shall
not be removed except for cause, according to
the provisions of the tenure of office act before
it was amended by this Congress at its first
session. But they may be removed for cause
deemed sufficient by the Senate. The salary
of the commissioners is to be ample enough to
command a respectable degree of ability and
acquirements, and the value of the salary is
enhanced by a long tenure. I will add that
the number of commissioners composing the
board, aS the bill fixes it, is not essential. It
ought*ot to be too small at first, for there
will be a great pressure of work. It might be
reduced afterward, when the machinery is in
successful operation. I ask the Secretary now
to read the fifteenth section of the substitute,
to show in which way it is designed to secure
to the board a mixed political character.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 1j. And be it_ further enacted. That the several
in embers of the civil service board first appointed in
pursuance of this act shall by lot be divided into
three classes of three persons each, the first class to
be appointed for the term of four >enrs, the second
class to be appointed ior the term of eight years, and
the third class to be appointed for the term of twelve
yeais, unless sooner removed in accordance with the
provisions of this act; and that after the expiration
or their respective terms their successors shall be
appointed lor the terra of twelve years each: Pro-
vided, however, That whenever, by reason of the
death or resignation or removal of any member,
any vacancy occurs in the civil service board before
the expiration of the term for which the member so
vacating hi-? office w&.s appointed, then the person
appointed to fili such vacancy shall be appointed
to hold such office only during the balance of the
term lor winch his predecessor was appointed.
Mr. SCHUUZ. The officers of the Govern-
ment are divided into two classes ; first, the
subordinate officers, whose appointment is now
by law vested in the beads of the different
Departments, the routine men, the clerks ; and
secondly, the executive officers, who are now
appointed by- the President of the United
States by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The subordinate officers are to
be appointed after competitive examination ;
and I desire the Secretary to read the third
section of the substitute.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all appoint-
ments of inferior officers whose appointment is or
may hereafter be vested by law in the heads of De-
partments. except postmasters, shall be made from
those who shall have passed the required examina-
tions in the following manner: the applicants who
stand highest in order of merit on tho list of those
who have passed the exam nation for any particular
branch and grade of the civil service shall have the
preference in appointment to th.tt branch and grade,
and no person now in office who shall hereafter be
appointed under the provisions of this act shall be
promoted or transferred fiorn a lower to a higher
grade unless he shall have parsed in like manner the
examination prescribed by the civil service boaid
for such higher grade. All such examinations shall
be open to all persons who shall make application
therefor.
Mr. SCHURZ. The fitness of candidates
for presidential appointments shall also he ex-
amined by the board. There are certain offices
the discharge of the duties of which requires
special knowledge, experience, and skill ; and
candidates for such offices ard fit subjects for
regular examination. There are other offices,
for instance country post offices, in connection
with which the examination of a candidate
would hardly be deemed necessary and proper.
The distinction is to be fixed by the regula-
tions of the board. Where no examination is
considered necessary the board shall institute
such inquiries as may be necessary to ascertain
the character, antecedents, standing in society,
and general fitness of candidates. The results
of such examinations shall he reported by the
board to the President and to the Senate, to
guide the Executive in making nominations
and the Senate in confirming or rejecting them.
The interference of Congressmen will then no
longer be required. Will the Secretary now
read the fourth section?
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. -4. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any vacancy occurs in any office required by law to
be filled by appointment by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, except
those specially designated as exceptions in section
twenty-one of this act, the qualifications of all can-
didates who present themselves or are presented for
appointincnttofill such vacancy shall be ascertained
either by examinations to be held or invesrig itions
to be instituted, or both combined, according to gen-
eral rules to be established by the civil service board,
and that said board shall make a lull report of such
examinations and investigations, stating what can-
didates have and what candidates have not, in the
opinion of tho board, demonstrated their fitness for
the performance of the duties of such office, and the
reasons for such ot "nion • and also, as nearly as pos-
sible, the order of merit of the different candidates;
and that the board shall forward one copy of such
report to the President, and one to the Senate.
Mr. SCHURZ. You will notice, sir, that
in the case of presidential appointments the
President is to choose freely from the whole
number found fit, and that those only are to
be excluded from his choice who are found
unfit for the office for which they present them-
selves. Thus the choice is by no means to
be made by the board, but by the President.
One of the most important features of the
substitute is the change in the tenure of offi-
cers. The section of my bill touching subor-
dinate officers, as it originally stood, provided
that those subordinate officers who are ap-
pointed by the heads of Departments, except
postmasters, should be appointed on good
behavior. The current objection to this was
that it would create a distinct and aristocratic
class among our population. I, for my part,
must confess that I never feared any such
result. In fact, the idea of a class of aristo-
