1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ations for them, but the money is devoted to
public uses.
Mr. STEWART. Have they not got a large
amoiintof funds that theydrawfrom regularly?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; but not distrib-
uted among tbem.
Mr. STEWART. Are they not rich? I
know their money is not distributed. The
?oer do not have it. There is a species of
ndian aristocracy, a thing that would be con-
demned in any other country. You havea few
aristocrats that speculate in this way among
the Indians, and the mass of them derive no
benefit. The way to treat an Indian tribe to-
day is this: put them oil one hundred and
sixty acres apiece, sell the rest of the land
that belongs to them, and let the proceeds be
used for enabling those who are willing to
cultivate the soil and to cultivate the arts of
civilization ; let it be distributed among the
whole people, and let them all have a chance
to own their lands in severalty ; let them have
homes, so that each one may be a man, and
feel the interests and the ambition of a man.
■ Then they will make some progress toward
civilization. As long as they have an aristo-
cratic government, with a king who absorbs
all their money and who speaks for all of them,
there being no inducement to labor, their civil-
ization is not an honor to this country, but a
disgrace.
But now I make this distinction, and I want
to call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs; so far as any
pecuniary obligation we are under to the
Indians by treaties or otherwise is concerned,
we are bound to carry it out; but as to
political management, as to the public policy
whether they shall hold their land in severalty
or shall hold it in community, whether it shall
be held by the people individually or whether
it shall be held by a king who makes slaves of
the people, ttese are questions that we ought
to take hold of.
So far "as voting all that we have ever agreed
to pay them under the treaties, I would carry
them out to the letter. But in regard to the
Indian Territory, I think it isashame thatthere
should be the fairest portion of this continent
surrounded by States dedicated to barbarism.
It would make homes for millions of the labor-
ing classes who want homes. It would make
homes for the Indians individually; and they
might have farms, instead of having their
vast tracts held in common and practically
absorbed by a few nabobs. It is a disgrace to
civilization to recognize and consult these
chiefs as to what is public policy. The Gov-
ernment of the United States should determ-
ine what is the best public policy for civiliza-
tion. Give them what they are entitled to in
a pecuniary way; and if our civilization is
superior to theirs, let us determine the rules
by which civilization shall be advanced and
the rights of the poor among the Indians
protected, as well as the rich.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have listened to the sug-
gestions made by the Senator from Iowa, and
I confess with a great deal of interest. He
certainly has not failed to impress me with a
sense of justice in what he has said, but we have
already adopted one or two amendments—I do
not recollect how many—which go to carry out
the policy that he has presented here to the
Senate. We have now another amendment,
which I think involves some $40,000. Am I
right?
Mr. HARLAN. This is $40,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is to strike out" forty''
and insert " twenty."
Mr. HAMLIN. The point I wish to ascer-
tain is precisely this, and I ask the Senator
from iowa if he can give me an auswer which
will approximate to the truth of the matter :
what amount, of appropriations beyond those
recommended by the Committee on Appropri-
ations does the Committee on Indian Affairs
propose? What amount beyond that required
of us under our treaty stipulations is proposed
by that committee ? We are voting here in the
dark. I do not know but that before we get
through tjiat Senator will ask me to vote mil-
lions. I wanta little lightnowtoguideme along
the path I shall pursue in the votes I am to give
on this bill, and if the Senator can tell me
pretty nearly what are the amounts the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs propose above what
the Committee on Appropriations have recom-
mended, and what is beyond that required by
our treaty stipulations, it will aid me some-
what in the.course which I shall take.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe we can
do any more to-night. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motipn was agreed to ; and the Senate
(at ten o'eloek and sixteen minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 22, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to anything but
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
calling of committees for reports.
Mr. DAWES. The rule that requires com-
mittees to be called for reports I understood
was suspended yesterday.
The SPEAKER. It was, if the gentleman
takes the floor to call up an appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is recognized.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I call up the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts calls up the bill (H. R. No. 2996)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal years ending June
30, 1870, and June 80, 1871, and for former
years, and for other purposes, reported from
the Committee on Appropriations. The pend-
ing motion is that the first reading o,f the bill
be dispensed with. Is there objection?
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER. The next motion pend-
ing is that all general debate on this bill be
limited to five minutes. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by para-
graphs for amendment, and read the following
under the head "House of Representatives
For the following sums due under the resolutions
of the House passed during the first session of tbe
Xhirty-jSTinth Congress, namely : to the late first
assistant doorkeeper, $840; to the superintendent of
the document-room, $840; and to E. Spicer, late
superintendent of the folding-room. 6720; in all,
$2,400, additional compensation for the Thirty-JNintn
Congress.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing in line nineteen, after the word "dollars,"
the following:
For compensation of the tally clerk of the House
of Representatives, from the 1st day of February,
1870. to the 1st day of July, 1871, $612; the sum mak-
ing his compensation equal to that of his predeces-
sor, R. U. Sherman, and as fixed in the legislative
appropriation bill for himself.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows, under the head
"Public buildings under the Treasury Depart-
ment: "
For continuing the work on the building for post
office nod eourt-house in New York city, to be ap-
plied only to finishing the foundations up to and
including the sill course, und receiving and feel-
ting the granite of the first story above that course,
$500,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after "dollars," in line thirty-three, the
words "and subject to no other limitation or
restriction."
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts two questions in
reference to that. First, I desire to know what
the effect of this amendment is in reference to
former legislation; and secondly, I want him
to tell us what, in his judgment, will be the
entire and final cost of that building?
Mr. DAWES. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I will say that there is
former legislation which requires that no part
of the money appropriated for this post office
shall be expended until after contracts are
made for the completion of the whole building,
the entire structure, at an expense not exceed-
ing $3,000,000. The committee have become
satisfied of this: that it will take $3,000,000
to complete the building from the sill up, it
having been found necessary to sink the whole
superstructure thirty feet below the surface.
Mr. KELSEY. Thirty-six feet.
Mr. DAWES. It may be, as my colleague
says, thirty-six feet below the surface. There
are rooms, large and ample rooms, all needed
for the bringing in of the great mails, under
ground. It has cost a great deal more to build
that part of it up to the surface than was at first
anticipated. It seemed to be absolutely neces-
sary to sink the underground portion to a firm
foundation; and they have sunk it below the
quicksands, and have made ample room, cer-
tainly thirty feet below the surface. The com-
mittee have kept their limitation upon the
ultimate cost, but have been compelled to
yield thus far, that the expenditure on that
construction under-ground shall not be part
of the $3,000,000.
Mr. RANDALL. What will the under-
ground portion cost?
Mr. DAWES. If the views of the commit-
tee prevail in the House the modification will
be to this extent, that the ultimate cost of tho
building above the surface will be $3,000,000,
and the expenditure below the surface, which
has pretty much all been made now, will be in
addition to the §3,000,000, so that the ultimate
cost will be §3,800,000, or thereabouts. The
committee have been compelled to yield their
limitation to that extent, and let the expendi
ture underground be outside of the S3,000,000;
Mr. RANDALL. I only wanted to cail th«;
attention of the gentleman who has charge of
this bill to the enormous cost of this build-
ing in New York city. I do not object to it.
I think the great metropolis of the country
should have some such structure as this, one
worthy of the entire country; but the action
of the committee in this matter is in strong
and marked contrast to the restrictive policy
which they exhibit toward Philadelphia in her
League Island project, where not one dollar
is asked.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that the commit-
tee are impressed with this, that no building
which they will erect there will be found larger
than is needed, by the time it is done. Every-
thing for capacity that can be put into that
building will be needed by the time the build-
ing is done, and that is the reason why they
telt that this thirty feet underground under
the whole building was a wise expenditure of
money.
Mr. KELSBY. It is also necessary in
order to get a good foundation.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I only want to
express the hope that the liberality of the
committee will continue until we reach the
point when one of my colleagues will make
the proposition for the building of a Govern-
ment navy-yard at League island, whieh will
not cost, the Government a dollar.
Mr. DAWES i trust the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will find the committee yielding
to every necessity of the Government, and he
will find also the committee, so far as they are
able, standing up against everything outside
