682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
amendment. In reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] I will say that
this law, which was passed some six years ago,
placed the rights of the warrant officers in the
hands of the President of the United States.
It is most fortunate that the President is a mil-
ifary'man, who understands these subjects; and
the application to liini by these gentlemen, if
they will make it, as they have not yet done,
will be received with favor, or certainly with
due consideration.
Now I desire to say that so far as the repre-
sentatives of the mechanical skill of the coun-
try are concerned, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Soofield] has done great injustice
to the provisions of the bill and to its authors.
This is the first and only bill that has been
presented here giving the mechanical interest
of the Navy a certain fixed and positive rank.
I think there is some little confusion, how-
ever, in regard to this matter. The warrant
officers of which the gentleman speaks do
not represent the mechanics of the country.
Properly speaking, they represent the sailors.
The constructors and engineers do, however,
represent, in an eminent degree, the skilled
mechanics of the country, and this bill recog-
nizes them, and gives them actual, positive
rank.
Now, sir, I do not propose to continue this
discussion at further length. I will, how-
ever, allude to what, the gentleman said upon
the question of granting honors and conferring
rank in the military organizations of this coun-
try. The gentleman says that it is unconstitu-
tional, but I think he will fail to find in the Con-
stition any clause or provision sustaining his
position. His allusion to the clause against
orders of nobility will hardly sustain it, and
the practice of the Government, from its ear-
liest foundation, is the practical answer to his
theory. I think his difficulty may be found in
his drawing no distinction between society and
civil service, where rank is properly and wisely
excluded, and privileged orders unknown, and
the military service of the country where rank
has thus far been found by all Governments
quite as necessary as power and authority, and
where martial law is substituted for civil juris-
prudence.
The gentleman says also that this bill gives
command to the engineer or to the surgeon over
the line officer. Sir, by military law, by the
regulations of the Navy, and by the provisions
of this bill, a staff officer can have no command
except over the subordinates of his own corps;
and this command, so absolutely requisite to the
efficiency and discipline of the service, is given
in all military bodies, and is by present law
and regulation an incident in our naval service.
An engineer, for instance, can have command
only over subordinate engineers and assistants
in his department. I ask the gentleman to show
a single instance where a staff officer can have
command when a line officer is present.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question right in point?
Mr. STEVENS.. Yes, sir.
Mr, HALE. Will the gentleman state what
would be the result on board of a ship if the
head of the surgeon corps and the commander
of the ship came to loggerheads about a sub-
ject-matter in that corps? And what would
be the result if added to that the head of the
pay corps in the ship came to loggerheads with
the commander of the ship about a subject-
matter in that corps? And so in relation to
the engineer department. And would not the
matter be all the more complicated if all those
officers had the same relative rank?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will re-
flect upon what constitutes military rank and
military command. I think he will admit that
no such circumstance could ever occur as a
surgeon, an engineer, and a paymaster having
control independent of the captain of a ship.
Mr. HALE. Then why the force of the
exception, if 
Mr, STEVENS. I beg pardon of the gen-
tleman ; I am answering his question. The
captain of a ship has sole and unlimited
power. And if an admiral was on board that
ship as a passenger, but under orders, he could
not take the control of the ship away from the
captain. If the gentleman will turn to the reg-
ulations existing in the Navy for many years
past he will find that your committee have
incorporated in this very section which gentle-
men are now attacking the very language of
those articles regulating command of staff offi-
cers. And yet gentlemen, in order to antago-
nize themselves to this bill, say that that law,
which has stood in the Navy in the form of
regulations for many years, regulating com-
mand, now takes command away from the cap-
tain of the ship. Somebody js mistaken ;
either the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] and the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] or the Navy Department of the
United States, which has had these regula-
tions, word for word, standing on their books
for years.
Mr. Speaker, so strongly, indeed, is this
bill fortified by those principles of necessity
and equity which lie at the foundation of all
the military organizations known to the civil-
ized world that in order to strike a blow at its
integrity the gentleman is compelled to carry
his effort to great length ; so far, indeed, as to
seek to overthrow those incidents of military
authority and dignity which have been sanc-
tioned by the experience of centuries, and
which are as widespread as civilized govern-
ments. It is a most extraordinary position,
indeed, to ignore honor and distinction, which
is the goal of human aspirations, in many
cases stronger than the love of letters, stronger
than avarice, and oftentimes than all other
sentiments and affections ; a principle so all-
pervading, so universal in its application, and
so well recognized that nothing has ever been
found equal to its eradication. Not even the
red republicanism of France, which sought to
merge all distinctions and grades in a common
citizenship, wentfurther than the principle con-
tended for.
Mr. Speaker, we must take things as they
are. We must look upon society as we find it.
In the organization necessary to the existence
and protection of the Navy we must have due
regard to those sentiments of the human char-
acter which constantly incite men to fortune
and to fame. We cannot ignore it in civil life,
and the experience of the whole world and all
ages teaches us the folly of attempting to sup-
press it in military organizations. This love
of distinction, which brings with it consider-
ation, comfort, and respect, enters largely into
the incentives and the reward of military
action. We hold out to the young man just
entering upon the active duties of his occupa-
tion or profession the advancing grades and
stages where he may rest, proud in the con-
sciousness of what he has achieved, proud in
the power of his intellect and influence, hold-
ing up before him the golden prize, which is
the reward of effort, intelligence, and duty
performed. In all military organizations rank
is the designation of that position. So in the
Army we find that through the various stages
the lieutenant passes to the rank of General,
and in the Navy the midshipman works or
fights his way up to the proud position of
Admiral.
Let me say, with all due respect, to the gen-
tleman whose philosophy has been so severely
tested to find arguments against this bill, who
has been carried back almost to a state of
nature, in which he finds less distinction and
less observance of these marks of greatness, in
order that he may find arguments against rank
and promotion, that he is battling against the
experience of centuries and tilting against the
acknowledged necessities of military organiza-
tion. Is it not, sir, a fight against the wind-
mills? Is it not an attempt to grasp the mil-
lennium while all around him is bristling with
the ardor of progress and the air is full of
strife and contention? I shall not pursue this
subject further, but leave the gentleman to find
in those communities of Fourierism and pha-
lanxes of transcendentalism which are scattered
here and there throughout our country the
fruition of those hopes which seem to animate
him in his endeavors to strike out of existence
all designations of military rank and military
orders.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] yield to me
for a few minutes?
Mr. STEVENS. I will.
Mr. ARCHER. I desire to say that the
want of harmony in the Navy requires the
passage of this bill or some similar bill. The
difficulty that exists in the Navy, from the
want of some law of this kind, is that rank is
given to the staff by an order of the Secretary
of the Navy, which order can be changed on
the incoming of every new Administration ;
and every change which has been made in the
matter of staff rank has given rise to trouble,
discussion, and dissension. To us, who are
not concerned either in the Navy or in the
Army, it would seem, from our talks with
naval officers, that the whole thing is a " tem-
pest in a teapot." But, sir, these men set
peculiar value upon rank. Why? Merely
because if they have rank they take certain
seats at a table when a board of inquiry is sit-
ting; if they have rank they ascend the ship
on a certain side; if they have rank they can
smoke their cigars in a certain part of the
ship; if they call on the President they take
a certain position in the line of procession ; if
they go to a funeral they take a certain posi-
tion there. The whole purpose of this bill is to
establish those positions and nothing else. It
gives the staff officers no right to command ;
it gives them no right to additional pay. The
only effect of this legislation will be that the
rank of these officers will be established by
law instead of being left to the discretion of
the Secretary of the Navy for the time being.
If we establish it by law there is an end of
this discussion.
Now, so far as regards the welfare of the
Navy, I do not think it makes any difference
whether we pass this bill or a bill changing the
whole thing. The only importance of this meas-
ure is to establish the matter by law. The
chairman of the Naval Committee, of which I
have the honor to be a member, says that if we
are to have rank, this bill comes as near the
thing as any measure that could well be devised.
We have rank by the order of the Secretary
of the Navy; and all that we now propose to
do is to fix that rank by law.
Thanking the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Stevens] forgiving me the oppor-
tunity to make these remarks, I surrender the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill as amended was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed; and aiso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of
Henry H. Hoyt, late of the fifth regiment Wis-
consin volunteer infantry; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 349) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Richard R. Peebles, of Austin
