1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
of the necessities of the Government at this
time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the House to this building once
more. When the first estimate was made
for this building in New York by the super-
vising architect of the Treasury he estimated
that a granite building of the character of
that being erected could be built complete
for $2,156,555 06. That was for a building
comprising some nineteen thousand square
feet, more area than this building; and, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts says, size is a
very important element in the erection of such
a building. Now we find here an appropria-
tion in the deficiency bill for the purpose of
bringing the building up to the basement and
putting the granite on the first story which, to-
gether with what has already been expended,
will amount to more than the original esti-
mate for the entire building. The estimate
for the building was, originally, a little over
two million one hundred thousand dollars;
and the appropriations already made, includ-
ing that in this bill, will amount to over two
million two hundred thousand dollars, which
will have been expended in building the base-
ment alone. I understand the gentleman from
Massachusetts to say that they talk of complet-
ing the building for $3,800,000. Why, sif,
you will put more than $3,000,000 into the
superstructure upon the basement at the rate
it is now going.
Now, sir, I wish to show the House why this
enormous expenditure is being made for that
building. It is because, notwithstanding a com-
mittee of this House at the last session reported
that in their opinion the contracts already let
were fraudulent and in violation of law, and a
fraud upon the Treasury; notwithstanding the
Committee on Appropriations were of that same
opinion, and at the last session of Congress put
a restrictive clause into their first appropriation
for the building, which required the Secretary
of the Treasury to relet those contracts to bid-
ders upon advertisements, yet afterward they
so modified that provision of the law as to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the impor-
tunities of the contractors, to get around that
and continue the fraudulent contracts both at
New York and at Boston, where contracts for
granite and cutting and working have been
made, contracts in which some gentlemen who
are members of this House are interested, and
by which the contractor receives not only all
that the granite and working costs, but fifteen
per cent, iu addition, making it for his inter-
est to prolong the job and to make it cost as
much as possible, in order that it may swell his
percentage.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman name
the members of this House who are interested
in those contracts?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman had
read the report of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads made at the last session,
together with the evidence which it reported to
the House, and which was printed, he would
have found out who was interested. The re-
port with the evidence give the names of the
contractors and all about it, and I refer the
gentleman to it. The members of this House
before aeting upon an appropriation of this
sort, such an extravagant appropriation as this,
ought to know what the facts are with regard
to it. Why, sir, the granite brought to New
York from the State of Maine for that building
costs some twenty cents a foot more, if I re-
member correctly, than was paid for the granite
for the extension of the Treasury Department,
which was brought from the same quarry to
Washington, and that, too, when a committee,
of which the gentleman from California who
has just interrupted me was, I believe, chair-
man, reported that even that contract was a
fraudulent one.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. FarxswortH] alio# me to say
that 1 have carefully read the tfejtort to which
he has referred me, and I do not find in it
the name of any member in this House inter-
ested in any of these post office contracts ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You can find it in
the testimony.
Mr. SARGENT. If it is in the testimony
it should be shown in the report. I cannot
read a thousand pages of testimony for the
purpose of finding out what should appear in
the report.
Mr. FARN SWORTH. There aire not a thou-
sand pages of the testimony; nothing of the
sort. I am now talking about the New York
post office contracts. I say that in regard to
the Boston post office contracts the testimony
taken by the committee does show the fact
that a member of this House was interested
in those contracts.
Mr. SARGENT. Will you name the mem-
ber?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is a diseussion
upon the New York post office. When we
come to the Boston post office we will discuss
that.
Mr. T WICHELL. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. TWICHELL. Will the gentleman state
to this House what member of this House is
interested in these contracts? I have been
through all the testimony, and I have been
unable to discover a single particle of evidence
to that effect.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will answer the
gentleman when we come to the appropriation
for the Boston post office. I will not be at all
backward about it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to say a word
or two upon this subject. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] knows
very well that this New York post office is
being built under a law with which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has nothing to do,
and as to which we could not, as a committee,
report any bill or provision at all. For one,
I was opposed to any large appropriation, or
to any appropriation as large as that which
the plan of the building requirpd. And the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Faritsworth]
having that subject in charge has either failed
to introduce any bill to limit the plan of the
building, or has failed to procure any legisla-
tion in regard to it. But all that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations could do was to
report an appropriation to carry out existing
law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him to correct him ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, at the last
session of Congress, recommended that the
Secretary of the Treasury should declare the
contracts that had been made fraudulent and
that those contracts should be abandoned.
Acting upon that, and upon information which
had been obtained by the Committee on Ap-
propriations, that committee did report a pro-
vision of law which required the Secretary of
the Treasury to relet those contracts to the
lowest bidder upon, advertisement; which law
was passed. Subsequently, in a committee
of conference, I think, that provision was so
modified as to allow the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, if he saw fit, to continue those contracts,
the Committee on Appropriations, or its chair-
man, assenting to the modification. That sim-
ply meant—for the Secretary of the Treasury
himself swears that he could give very little
attention to the subject—that if the supervis-
ing architect of the Treasury saw fit the con-
tract should be continued. Of course he saw
fit to do it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am not aware that
the Committee on Appropriations agreed to
any such thing. Certainly, as one member ot
the committee, I never agreed to any such
thin"'. But now all we can do is to make
appropriations to carry out existing law. That
is all that can be done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There never was a
law passed for the erection of the post office
building in New York city. The whole thing
has been done in an appropriation bill. You
cannot find an act of Congress for the erection
of a building there, except what is contained
in an appropriation bill. *
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is true that this post
office building is being built under a provision
of law in an appropriation bill; but that is a
law which governs the committee in reporting
appropriations for the present session, and
which we, as a committee, could not now
change.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then do not charge
other committees with being derelict in report-
ing laws.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] is rather too crit-
ical in reference to the site of the post office
building in New York city. I do not think he
takes quite as comprehensive a view of the
matter as he generally takes of a political
question. It will be remembered that the city
of New York gave property to the United
States worth $2,000,000 for the erection of
this post office building.
Mr. FARNSWORTHi No; the Govern-
ment paid $500,000 for it.
Mr. COX. I know the Government paid
$500,000 for it; but the property was worth
$2,500,000; so that there was practically a
gratuity from the city to the Government to
the amount of $2,000,000. Let me mention
one fact for the information of the House.
This building is not intended for a post office
alone, but for the United States courts, and
other United States officers who at present
are not properly accommodated.
Every man who visits New York knows that
the post office accommodations are so meager
as scarcely to be worth speaking of. 'Yet the
post office in New York is not simply a post
office for New York city; it is^,post office for
the whole country. All ourToreign and a
large part of our inland mails are there dis-
tributed ; hence an appropriation for a post
office in New York city is an appropriation
for the benefit of the whole country.
The gentleman from Illinois indulges in crit-
icisms about profligacy, &c., in the, expend-
iture of the money on the building. _ Why
does not the gentleman turn his attention to
Rock Island, Illinois, where there is now
going on a public work, an arsenal, &c., the
cost of which is estimated by the architects at
§11,000,000. The gentleman makes no eom-
plaint and no criticism about the expenditures
in his own city or in his own State. I only
wish to call the attention of the House to the
fact that the appropriation for the city of New
York is an appropriation for the benefit of the
whole country, and the amount of the appro-
priation for finishing the building is not ex-
orbitant or extravagant when we take into con-
sideration the interests to be subserved.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to correct
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
I am not opposing the erection ot a suitable
building in New York city. The gentleman
from New York, I presume, has not given this
subject so much investigation as I have^ A
number of distinguished citizens of New York,
whose names the gentleman will at once recog-
nize, Hon. John T. Hoffman, then mayor of
New York city; James Kelly; then postmas-
ter of New York city; S. G; Courtney, then
United States district attorney for the eastern
district of New York ; A. A. Low, president
of the Chamber of Commerce of the city ot
New York; Jackson S. Schultz, Charles 11.
Russell, Charles H. Rogers, and Moses Taylor,
were appointed a commission to obtain plans
for this building. They employed fifteen ot
the best architects of New York, who all sub-
mitted plans and estimates. 1' inally the com-
