isn.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
15
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Sehurz.
Senate.
crats, consisting of departmental clerks at
Washington and of custom house and post
office clerks at New York and other cities,
seems to me somewhat ludicrous.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, I wish to make an inquiry
respecting the substitute which lie has offered.
It has not yet been fully read ; and I wish to
ascertain from liim whether his substitute does
not require that all appointments should be
made from the lists of those who have passed
an examination in pursuance of the regulations
of the board of which he speaks?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. And that all other per-
sons are excluded from that charmed circle;
is that it ?
Mr. SOHURZ. The design is that all who
apply for office shall be sent before the board
for examination.
Mr. HOWARD. And no person shall be
appointed at all unless they belong to that class?
Mr. SCHURZ. I was just going to state that
all applicants for office shall be sent before the
board for examination, provided they be ap-
plicants for offices for which an examination
is found necessary by regulation, and that those
who are not found fit shall be excluded from
appointment.
Mr. HOWARD. That is to say, that no per-
son having failed in an examination before the
board shall he anpointed to office?
Mr. SCHURZ. Not until he proves able
to pass the examination or is found fit upon
inquiry.
Mr. HOWARD. And no person can be ap-
pointed to office unless he has been examined.
Is that it?
Mr. SCHURZ. I think if the Senator had
listened to me he would have heard me say
that in regard to some offices an examination
would be necessary, and that in regard to
others mere inquiries, to be instituted by the
board, would be sufficient, the result to belaid
before the President in the shape of reports ;
but that where examination is considered ne-
cessary no man shall be appointed who fails
to pass that examination.
Mr. HOWARD. That is to say, the Presi-
dent of the United States shall not select, in
making nominations to the Senate, any person
■who has not passed an examination, and he
shall not especially appoint to office any per-
son who has not passed a certain examination.
Is not this an infringement of the power of the
President to make nominations and appoint-
ments?
Mr. SCHURZ. That is one of those ques-
tions which I have been considering in draw-
ing that section. I do not believe that it is.
I believe that it is competent for Congress to
exclude certain classes of people, unfit for the
performance of public duties, from those public
duties. For instance, it would decidedly be
competent for Congress to exclude from nom-
ination, say for Lieutenant General, men who
had never served in the Army. I have no
doubt Congress has power to attach such con-
ditions of appointment to offices created by
law.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri a question, if ho will
yield.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. WARNER. Would not liissystem pre-
vent the President from appointing to office
any man who did not apply.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; itwould not. The
President may select a man whom he wishes
to appoint to office, and then send him before
the civil service board, to ascertain whether he
is fit. If that man does not want to go before
the civil service board, the presumption is that
he does not want to go into office.
I was just remarking that in my opinion the
tenure on good behavior of those subordinate
officers would, in my opinion, by no means be
productive of the dangers which have been
pictured in such glaring colors. I do not believe
that these dangers exist in a country which is
ruled by public opinion, and where the admin-
istration of affairs changes so frequently. And
yet it is so obvious that a proposition like this
could not carry in either House of Congress,
or perhaps even before public opinion, that it
has been abandoned. This, however, is not the
only reason why it was given up. I believe
that free competition and a rigid competitive
examination before a board composed of con-
scientious examiners, as a condition of appoint-
ment, will prevent the frequent'occurrence of
removal without sufficient cause. At any rate,
when vacancies in the Departments are to be
filled only with men having issued best from
a competitive examination, the service will
notsuffer bythe change, removals and appoint-
ments on partisan grounds will cease, and
greater stability will be secured without the
elasticity of the system being sacrificed.
As to the presidential appointments, I desire
the Secretary to read sections eight and nine,
defining the tenure of those offices.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sbc. 8. And be. it further enacted. That all officers
in the civil service of the United States at the timo
when this civil service boiu'd shall commence their
examinations, cxcept those whoso appointment and
promotion is regulated in section three of this act,
and those specially designated as exceptions in sec-
tion twenty-one of this act, shall hold their offices tor
the term of five years from the date of their commis-
sions, respectively, unless sooner romovedin accord-
ance with the provisions of this act: Provided, how-
ever, That tlio discontinuance of an office shall in
every case discharge the person holding it from the
service.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That all appoint-
ments in the civil service of the United States ma.de
after this act shall have taken effect and in parsu-
ance of its provisions, except those whose appoint-
ment and promotion is regulated ill section three of
this act, and those who are specially designated as
exceptions in section twenty-one of this act, shall
be made for the term of oisrht years unless sooner
terminated by the death, disability,or resignation of
the occupant., or by his removal as hereinafter pro-
vided; and that, when before the expiration ofsueh
term a vacancy occurs in any such office, the officer
selected in piusunnce of the provisions of this act to
fill such vacancy shall be appointed, not merely for
thebalanccof the unexpired term ot his predecessor,
but for a new term of eight years from the date of
his commission.
Mr. SCHURZ. The object of these two
sections is twofold : in the first place, to relieve
the Administration at its commencement of
the pressure which we now witness ; and sec-
ondly, to take the partisan character from the
civil service. Section eight throws the ex-
piration of the term of those now in office at
least one year beyond the commencement of
the next Administration, when the new Presi-
dent, as well as the new members of the Cabi-
net, will be well versed in the exigencies of
the service.
It is provided that the regular term of office
shall be eight years, and whenever a vacancy
occurs it shall not be filled merely for the
balance of the unexpired term, but the offi-
cer filling the vacancy shall be appointed for
another full term of eight years. The object
is this: in the first place, regular rotation with
every successive Administration shall cease.
Officers being removable only for cause, and
officers appointed by one Administration hold-
ing through the term of another, we shall
accustom ourselves to the practice of having
men in office belonging to another party than
that which controls the Administration. And
as vacancies gradually occur, by death, resig-
nation, or removal for cause, to be_ filled for
full terms of eight years, the expiration of the
terms of the different officers will no longer
occur at one time, but be scattered over the
period of eight years, thus giving the civil
service board sufficient time to conduct their
examinations and inquiries as they succes-
sively become necessary to fill vacancies, and
enabling the Executive, as well as the Senate,
to act leisurely and intelligently upon all the
cases coming before them.
That the regular term should be just eight
years I do not deem absolutely essential. It
would indeed give the public service the bene-
fit of more experienced officers. But to attain
the other objects described it would be suffi-
cient to fix a term of five, six, or seven years
as well. I admit that the practical capacity
of a candidate for office, his executive ability,
cannot be with sufficient certainty ascertained
by examination. This might lead to embarrass-
ments, as the officer is not to be removed dur-
ing -his term except for cause to be tried. It is
therefore provided that the first year of ser-
vice of an officer belonging to this class shall
be his year ol probation, during which his prac-
tical ability may be well ascertained. And dur-
ing that year of probation the Executive shall
have power to remove the officer at pleasure,
without assigning or proving a cause. It will
thus be seen that no distinct and privileged
class of Government officers, no bureaucracy
is to be created, but the elasticity of present
system is to be preserved, improved, however,
by a system of selection, which will secure a
better class of officers, and by a longer and
more secure tenure, which will remove the
partisan character and raise the moral stand-
ard of the service.
The fifth section of the bill is intended to
encourage honesty and efficiency in the service
and to give the public servant an honorable
record in the form of a testimonial. The Sec-
retary will please read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. And le it further enacted, That whenever
any officer in the civil service of the United States
shall vacate his ofliee, either at the expiration of his
term, or by resignation, or otherwise, the head of tho
Department uuder which such officer served shall
issuo to him a testimonial stating the manner in
which such officer performed the duties of his office;
and that copies of such testimonials shall be kept on
rccord in the Departments Iroin which they issued
respectively; and that whenever any such person,
after having vacated such office, shall make appli-
cation or be presented as a candidate for the same,
or any other office in the civil service, such testimo-
nial shall be produced before the civii service board
and shall form part of tho reportof said board on the
case of such person. And whenever any officer in
the civil service shall, before the expiration of his
term of office, make application for continuance in
the same office tor another term, or tor any other
office in the civil seivice, then the head of the De-
partment under which such officer serves shall like-
wise issue such testimonial, which shall then be pro-
duced before the civil service board and form part
ot the report of said board as aforesaid : Provided,
however, That whenever the President shall see fit
to reappoint an officer at the expiration of his term
to the same office tor another term, then this shall be
considered as an equivalent to a certificate of good
behavior and efficiency, and no further proceedings
by the civil service board shall be required in the
ease ofsueh officer.
Mr. SCHURZ. Finally, sir, certain officers
are excluded from the operation of this bill. I
desire the Secretary to read section twenty-one.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ing officers shall be excepted from the operation of
this act: the judges and clerks of the courts of the
United States, the members of the Cabinet, the wiu-
ifeters plenipotentiary, and tho ministers resident of
the United States, and the officers of the two Houses
of Congress.
Mr. SCHURZ. As far as the judges of the
United States are concerned, it may be pre-
sumed that no other than men universally
recognized as being eminent in the law would
be selected for such places by any Adminis-
tration ; and as to members of the Cabinet and
diplomatic officers, representing, as they do,
not only a public duty, but in a certain sense
also the political views of the Administration,
it is proper that the Administration should
have the free disposal of those places.
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask the honor-
able Senator why he excepts the judges of the
Supreme Court from the category of persons
tn be examined before their appointment? la
there not greater necessity for the examination
