16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Senate.
Civil Service Beform—Mr. Schurz.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
of applicants for judicial station than for any-
other position in the civil service?
Mr. SCHURZ. As I have already stated,
it may fairly be presumed that no Administra-
tion would select any other but men very emi-
nent in their profession to fill such positions.
Mr. HOWARD. Is not the eminence of
the station the strongest reason that can be
conceived for subjecting the applicant to an
examination as to his fitness?
Mr. SCHURZ. It might there with pro-
priety be asked, who is to examine the can-
didates for such places as judgeships on the
supreme bench?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose they would be
examined by the board of examiners, the nine,
would they not?
Mr. SCHURZ. I supposed in such a case
it would be entirely inappropriate,
Mr. HOWARD. Why not, is the question ?
Mr. SCHURZ. For the simple reason that
for the highest judicial offices of the Govern-
ment, if only obeying the voice of decency,
every Administration would select only those
standing highest in their profession. There
are examinations in the Army for a number of
grades. We might just as well ask who is to
examine a candidate for the position of Gen-
eral-in-Chief.
Mr. .COLK. Would not that reason apply
to all offices?
Mr. SCHURZ. Tt would not. In the nature
of things, it may fairly be presumed that the
applicants will exclusively belong to the small
class of those who are eminent enough to be'
mentioned in connection with such places.
Mr. CRAG1N. The Senator, I presume,
has not forgotten that these appointments are
for life, and therefore there would be- greater
necessity of having exactly the right men.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have certainly not for-
gotten that. But, on the whole, I think the
experience of the people of the. United States
has been that but very few mistakes in the
history of this country have been made in the
selection of members of the Supreme Court of
the United States. As to the diplomatic offi-
cers of the Government, there, I admit, this
'question might be asked with much greater
propriety. But as diplomatic officers of the
Government are to represent not only a public
duty, but also the the political views of the
Government, it is proper that the Administra-
tion should be left free in their choice ; and I
believe also that when no longer any danger
exists that a man will be appointed minister
resident or minister plenipotentiary because he
fails in obtaining a post office, we shall have a
better set of diplomatic officers than now.
Now, sir, I repeat, I do not pretend that
this plan is in any way perfect. On the con-
trary, I feel its shortcomings. Let us regard
it as a suggestion that may call out others. I
invite the Senate to consider the benefits aris-
ing from some such system. It would, of
course, not at once remove all the evils com-
plained of; butit would certainly secure greater
efficiency in the civil service. It Would cer-
tainly procure for it men of higher capacity,
even by deterring ignorance and men of low
reputation. It would certainly raise the re-
spectability of the service; and a certificate of
fitness issued by the civil service board would
be a mark of distinction and serve as a passport
in all the walks of private life everywhere. It
would certainly inspire a sentiment of honor-
able pride among officers. It would secure
more efficient control, by putting by the side
of an officer one belonging to another party,
instead of making the whole one great partisan
ring. It would abolish the absurd practice
by which an Administration is pressed to take
to pieces and rebuild at the start the whole
machinery of the Government. It would re-
lieve the President, Cabinet, and Congressmen
from importunity, and give them time to attend
to their legitimate duties. It would restore
the independence of the different departments
of the Government. Offices ceasing to bepkrtj'
machinery, political parties would be relieved
of responsibilities and would be encouraged in
the freedom of criticism. Then a thorough
retrenchment and reform of .abuses would
finally be attainable.
But rtiore than that, the spoils system once
destroyed a healthier moral feeling in political
life will be rendered possible ; the corrupt
temptations working in all spheres of the body-
politic will be greatly lessened; the standard
of morality in political life will be raised; polit-
ical contests will once more be contests of
principles and policies, instead of being scram-
bles for spoils ; the political proletariat, with
its demoralizing practices and influences, will
gradually be broken up, and all the best ele-
ments of the population will again be attracted
to political life. Politics will then become once
more what they always ought to have been,
a most honorable occupation engaging the
noblest aspirations.
I know some of the objections that are cur-
rently brought to a system like this. It is said
that the reform proposed would be obnoxious
to the theory of our Government. I maintain
that in its effects it would be in strict accord-
ance with the original intentions as exemplified
by the early practices of the Government. The
Senator from New Hampshire a few days ago
quoted a passage from the Federalist, in which
Alexander Hamilton states most strongly the
intention of the makers of the Constitution to
prevent the interference of members of Con-
gress in the appointment of officers and to
secure stability in the civil service.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator one question. Does it not appear from
the early history of this Government that it was
held that officers were subject to removal at the
will of the Executive?
Mr. SCHURZ. It does; but it appears also
that the power of the Executive in that direc-
tion was but very rarely exercised. It appears
from the teachings of the fathers, as well as
the early practice of the Government, that
nothing was further from the minds of the
statesmen of those times than that there should
be a general breaking up of the administrative
machinery every four years, to be accom-
panied and followed by the scandals which we
now witness. Who of them ever thought of it,
that a competent and worthy officer should be
removed as long as he was competent and
worthy? Nay, let me say to the Senator: if
the great fathers of the Republic, if Washing-
ton and Jefferson and Madison and Hamilton,
could rise up from the dead and look at the
spectacle which now so frequently presents
itself to our eyes, they would stand aghast at
the perversion which the beautiful fabric of
the Government, as they designed it, has suf-
fered at the hands of subsequent generations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Senator
if the system which he is now assailing was
not established by the fathers of this Republic,
and if all the evils of which he complains may
not be remedied by electing a man President
of the United States who will return to the
early practices of the Republic?
Mr. SCHURZ. Have we not elected more
than once meh to the Presidency of the United
States upon whose integrity and sagacity and
wisdom we built the highest hopes ? Can the
Senator recollect within the reach of his mem-
ory a single President of the United States who
ever dared to attempt the sweeping reform of
which he speaks? Does he expect, as long
as the present system prevails, if a change
of party control should occur, that then a
1 resident would have the strength to rise
up and say, " I will have no longer a partisan
organization in the public service?" Does
he think that such a President could thus
control the gr<jed Of his partisan followers?
Does ho e&pect any party that may follow
ours in the cofrttol of affairs to abstain from
grasping the spoils if there is no impediment
in the way? To produce such a result would
require a tremeildous revolution in popular
sentiment. I certaitily would hail with delight
such an event; btit have we a right to expect
a moral revolution so powerful unless we pre-
pare the way for it by removing the tempta-
tions which are now operating on the minds of
the politicians and the multitude?
We are told that there is a pophlar notion
prevailing in this country that every American
citizen is entitled to public office. Yes, so ho
is ; but would it not be well to create the addi-
tional popular notion that then every Amer-
ican citizen shall fit himself for public office
in point of intelligence, acquirements, and
character ? Thus office may even become an
educational element m society.
"Are we to do nothing for our friends who
helped sending us here?" we are sometimes
asked. " Shall we say to them when they
come to us asking for an office, 'No, you shall
not have it?' " Sir, I am willing to do much
for my friends ; they shall command my best
endeavors. But I think we can do something
vastly better for them and their children and
their children's children than giving them post
offices and places in custom-houses; and that
is, to pass laws which will secure to them good
government.
Again, the objection is made that a reform
of this kind would be incompatible with repub-
lican institutions. Sir, it seems to have become
fashionable with some, whenever a great abuse
is attacked that has worked itself into our
political habits, to say that this is one of the
evils inseparably connected with republican
government, and that we must not touch it
lest we touch republican government, itself.
I, sir, have a far higher idea of republican
government. I do not believe that true repub-
lican government is in any sense necessarily
wedded to organic disorderand demoralization.
I certainly do not indulge in the delusion that
all the frailties and weakuessesof human nature
can be abolished by an act of Congress; but I
do not think that republican government will
suffer if wc repress ignorance and mercenary
motives, and thus open a wider practical field
for the intellectual and moral elevation of man.
I am sure that republican government can
endure the examination of candidates for pub-
lic office before they are intrusted with public
responsibilities; and that it can endure also
the exclusion of those who are intellectually
and morally unfit for public station.
Republican government, it seems to me, dofes
not depend upon an official tenure of four years.
I think itwill not suffer byan extension of that
tenure to six or eight. I maintain that repub-
lican government will rather gain than lose,
and gain immensely, by a reform which takes
from the machinery of the public service its
partisan character, and which will remove from
our political life that most dangerous agency
of corruption and demoralization which con-
sists in partisan patronage; which will restore
to^ political activity again all the best elements
of our population, and to predominance the
loftiest and most patriotic feelings of the human
heart. I therefore repel that cry, as a slan-
derupon thebeneficeut institutions under which
we live and as an insult to the good sense
of the American people.
It is said also that the country cannot be
governed, that parties caahot be sustained
under any but the existing system. Why, sir,
such assertions are almost as old as history.
I here never was an absolutist, there never was
a devotee of despotism, who did not. strenuously
affirm that if you limited the power of kings
the whole world of morals and civilization
would fall into chaos. If you had asked Wal
