1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
41st Cong.... 3d Sess.
National Education—Mr. Bird.
Ho. oi? Reps.
pole he would have told you that it was impos-
sible to govern England without a corruption
fund. If yon had asked the Duke of Welling-
ton he would have insisted upon it that the
constitution of Great Britain would be ruined
beyond redemption if you abolished the rot-
ten boroughs. Why, have we become so imbe-
cile as to declare ourselves incapable to con-
ceive and act upon a new idea, which is to do
away with existing abuses? Has republican-
ism really arrived at its wit's end? Nay, sir,
we are not permitted to stand still in this mat-
ter ; we must go either forward or we shall be
driven backward. We must control these evils
or these evils will control us.
It has been said that a practice like the one
proposed might have been proper when ihe
Republic was young and small, when the inter-
ests it had to deal with were limited, and when
the number of offices was insignificant; but
that now since the Republic has grown great,
since the functions of the Government have
become complicated and the number of officers
immense, it is entirely ont of the question. Is
that so ? I affirm that just the reverse is the
case. When the machinery of government
was simple and when the eyes of the Executive
and his chief agents could be everywhere, then
rotation in office might have been endurable;
it might not have left these dangerous con-
sequences behind it. But now, since the inter
ests we have to deal with have grown so tre-
mendous, since the number of officers has
risen to the dimensions of an army, and since
the machinery of Government stretches its
arms into every relation of life, now, sir, is it
not evident that the evils springing from the
demoralizing tendency of the existing system
increase a thousand-fold as we go on, and that
a reform is imperatively commanded by this
very circumstance?
On previous occasions I have alluded to the
dangers threatening from the growing power
of great moneyed corporations; how that
power is already felt in State and national
politics, and bids fair to exercise ^ controlling
influence, dangerous even to our free institu-
tions. Can we afford to disregard that danger?
Is it not time to consider what will become of
our political life when such a power takes pos-
session of political parties, whose very disci-
pline is enforced by continual appeals to mer-
cenary motives, and by practices in their very
nature corrupting? Is it not time to consider
what, under the influence, of such a power, a
Government will become, which is surrounded
by demoralizing temptations on all sides, and
which holds in its hands means of corruption
penetrating all spheres of society? And con-
sidering this, in the face of such dangers, is it
not high time that those temptations should be
removed, that the means of corruption should
be curtailed, and that a moral spirit should
be infused into our body-politic capable of
resisting such sinister influences ?
Sir, this is no mere fancy. The demand for
civil service reform is not a mere cry of croak-
ers, who are constitutionally dissatisfied, or of
restless innovators, who want to achieve a little
cheap notoriety. IL springs from the patriotic
anxieties of serious-thinking men, who, with
profound solicitude, watch the growth of evils
threatening the future of the Republic which
they love. That demand cannot be laughed
out of the way; it will not be put, down by
jests and sneers. That demand will become
stronger every day; and I predict the time is
not far when no political party can disregard
it with impunity.
It, was to me a hopeful sign when the Presi-
dent had a favorable word for civil service re-
form in his message. Wtiy should we hesitate
to act upon that suggestion ? Do we not know
that the older the evil grows the more difficult
will be its eradication? Do we not feel that
every session, every day, lost, is an opportunity
lost? It is in this spirit that I have submitted to
the Senate the plan I have explained. I repeat
that I have no pride of opinion about it. On
the contrary, no man will be happier than I if
the wisdom of the Senate should discover and
furnish one which is hetter. But let us at last
approach this important problem with that
fearlessness of thought which will enable us to
be candid with ourselves, and with that determ -
ination of purpose which is necessary to arm
us for the struggle with inveterate habit, pre-
judice, and the corrupt influences developed
to such alarming power in our political life.
National Education.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN T. BIRD,
of new jersey,
Is the House op Representatives,
January 28, 18*71.
The Ilouse having mot as in Committer of tho
Whole for debate—
Mr. BIRD said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to consider a matter
which seems to me to be of vast importance to
the people of this country. There is found
upon our tables a bill entitled "A bill to estab-
lish a system of national education." Whether
this has grown out of the exuberance of the
beneficence of some individual or other who
desires to promote the real interests of the
masses of this country I know not. But it
strikes me that when it comes to be fully con-
sidered it will be understood to be so pon-
derous in its nature as totally to defeat the
very object its mover has in view. It ignores
the interests of States to a very great extent,
and if its purpose be fully accomplished, so
far as the establishing of the mere machinery
is concerned, it strikes me that naught but a
total overthrow of that happy system whioh
now pervades the country must follow, and
that, instead of a general diffusion of education
and a general dissemination of light and truth
and knowledge, we will have naught but ignor-
ance, desolation, and to a very great extent
political corruption, pervadingthe public mind.
Not that a system of education could not be
devised which would be correct in principle,
but because of the vast extent of territory over
which it would be expected to extend, it would
be found to be unwieldy, unmanageable, and
inefficient; to which add the subserviency of all
office-holders connected therewith, from the
Commissioner of Education and State superin-
tendents down to the teacher, for the sake of
executive recognition and patronage, and .you
have an epitome of this grand scheme.
I do not in these remarks propose to con-
demn any system of education which may
inure to the benefit of the people, but I do pro-
pose to speak against this bill, because in its
operation it will inevitably come in contact
with all those State measures which have been
established in this country, which have worked
most successfully, and which have benefited
the people to a greater extent than this plan
possibly can. This bill ignores the thought that
there are more governments than one within
the limits of the United States. It insists
upon the principle that the Government of
the United States is supreme in everything;
that whatever we propose, whatever we may
originate here, whether it be in accordance with
the Constitution or otherwise, we have a right
to enforce by law throughout the'country. I
find upon reference to the Constitution that
certain powers have been given to Congress,
namely: to lay and collect taxes; to borrow
money ; to regulate commerce ; to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization ; to coin money
and regulate the value thereof; to provide for
the punishment of counterfeiting the securities
and current coin of the United States; to
establish post offices; to promote the progress
of science and useful arts, by securing for
limited times to authors and inventors the
exclusive right to their respective writings and
discoveries.
Now, if there be any power herein granted
which warrants the passage of this bill, then I
fail to understand the language in whioh the
Constitution is written ; for the only reference
that is made to this subject in any sense is
found in the last clause, which I read:
"To proinoto tile progress of science q,nd useful
arts by securing for limited times to aufhors and
inventors tho exclusive right to their respective
writings anddiscovarios."
Thus far and no further. Not one word about
colleges, seminaries, or common schools. In
this paragraph we have the intention of the
framers of the Constitution. The subject was
before them. _ They gave it proper considera-
tion, and limited the power in the manner ex-
pressed.. The power being thus granted, with
the precise mode of its exercise, it can only
bo regarded as both weakness and folly for
gentlemen to fly to any other provision for
shelter or protection in thqir earnest desire to
avail themselves of some, such powerful polit-
ical expedient as this. But I presume, a,s has
been usual on every such occasion for the last
ten years, refuge will be sought either in para-
graph eighteen, section ^ight, article one, or
in section four of article four of the Constitu-
tion, or both. The first grants the power—
"To mako all laws which shall bo necessary and
proper for carrying into exeoution the t'urogoine
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution m the Government of the United States."
The second provides that—
"TheUnited States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a, republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion."
To these our Republican friends always ap-
peal. When every other resource fails them
they trust their tottering bark to one or the
other. I cannot but remark that if Madison
and Patterson and Randolph were here they
would certainly cajole each other with their
weakness and ignorance in spending so much
time in framing a long and carefully prepared
instrument, when, in reality, they had told the,
whole of it in two of its very shortest para-
graphs; with their blindness in not seeing
what this generation is teaching, that when
they secured to Congress, by the last, paragraph'
in section eight, the power "to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper to carry
into execution" the powers thereinbefore
granted, they had in reality made Congress
omnipotent; and expressing astonishment at
their folly in constructing so huge a scaffolding
for the erection of so small a building.
I am not to be misled, sir, by the declaration
that some of the early fathers insisted upon the
promotion of education. Sir, I insist upon the
promotion of education. I yield to none in
my desire to see every individual in this land
have within his reach the opportunity of learn-
ing to read and write, yea, of excelling in the
higher branches of education. Bat because
such may have been the desire of individuals
who lived in former times, and because such
may be the desire of my own heart, I would
not give my consent to the passage of this
law, nor is it any proof that, they would. In
prudent minds the accomplishment of a benev-
olent work always has reference to the means.
In my judgment this bill contravenes the Con-
stitution of my country; and, because of the
ponderous machinery which would be ueces
sary in order to make it effectual, and I he
immense political corruption which must in-
evitably accompany its operation, it would be
found totally inexpedient. Either of these
objections are sufficient to control my aeu n.
The establishment of such a system would be
a total perversion, if not a long stretch toward
the overthrow, of our system of Federal gov-
ernment.
