1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
order; but I take it that an appropriation to
pay for land which has been condemned under
a statute of Massachusetts is not in order. The
language of the paragraph is contradictory, but
that is the meaning of it. Now, I say there
is no law authorizing the expenditure of this
money for the purchase of additional grouncf,
or to pay the award made by any board of
commissioners or other officials of the State
of Massachusetts for the condemnation of this
land. I have no objection to purchasing this
land, but do not like the manner of doing it.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask the gentleman from
Illinois to recur to the original act. If he will
do that, I think he will be relieved from his
difficulty.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have you got it
there? s
Mr. DAWES. No.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will send
for it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to set the House right in this matter. As I
understand it, there is a law for the purchase
of a site for this post office. The owners of
one portion of the site selected refused to sell
their property except for an exorbitant sum.
Thereupon the State of Massachusetts passed
an act to allow this property to be taken, and
under a proceeding in our courts, that por-
tion of the property which the owners would
not sell without an exorbitant price was taken,
and an award made of about half of what
they asked, and it is to pay that award for a
portion of the site, the purchase of which was
authorized by a law of Congress.
• The SPEAKER. The ruling of the Chair
may not have been correctly understood by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fap.xsworthJ
who raised the point. If he understood the
Chair as admitting that it would not be compe-
tent even to purchase additional land, he was
mistaken. The rule governing the Committee
of the Whole, which the House is now acting
instead of, is as follows:
"No appropriation shall he reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless "—
And here come in the exceptions—
" in continuation of appropriations for such public
works and objects as are already in progress," &c.
That may include very naturally the paving
of additional streets, or the purchase of addi-
tional lots, or whatever in the discretion of the
Committee of the Whole, or of the House, they
may appropriate for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I take it that
the Chair understands that the words " con-
tinuation of" existing works maybe construed
to mean continuation to buy land?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will un-
derstand that if to day it should be deemed
necessary to enlarge the post office at the city
of New York, or Boston, or anywhere else, in
the judgment of the House of Representatives
they could authorize the purchase of additional
land, and it would be perfectly and entirely in
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Undoubtedly they
can, but not in an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Clearly in an appropri-
ation bill, if the work has already been started.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I bow, of course, to
the decision of the'Chair.
Mr. TWICHELL. This piece of land is a
part of the site which was originally contem-
plated.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask for the reading
of the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, jDecember Zi, 1870.
_ Sir : The sum of $500,000 was appropriated for the
site of the new post office in Boston, of which there
has been expended $461,822 47, leaving a balance of
$38,177 58 unexpended. This latter sum, however,
has been covered into the Treasury under the fifth
section of the legislative appropriation bill of July
last. It was thought to be very desirable to obtain
additional land, which the owners were unwilling
to sell. The Legislature of Massachusetts passed an
act authorizing the United States to take the neces-
sary land, paying therefor such a sum as might be
assessed by a j ury. The requisite steps have been
taken, and the jury have awarded the sum of
864,278 75 as damages.
-It is also represented that the right to a passage-
way is important to the building, and that this will
cost $10,000 in addition to the foregoing.
The expenses of the proceedings referred to, which
are properly charged to the Government, will prob-
ably not exceed $5,000, although the exact amount
is not known.
I respectfully ask that an appropriation be made
to cover the items mentioned.
Very respectfully.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Henry L. Dawes, Chairman of Committee on
Appropriations, Souse of Bepresentatives.
Mr. FARNSW(DRTH. I have here the joint
resolution passed March 12,1868, which I will
read. It is as follows:
"That the mayor and postmaster of the city of
Boston, the Assistant Treasurer of the United States
at the city of Boston, the president of the Board of
Trade of the city of Boston, Alpheus Hardy, and
Daniel Davis, of Boston, be appointed acommission
to purchase a site for a building to accommodate
the post office, sub-Treasury, and public offices of
the United States in the city of Boston, in accord-'
ance with their report submitted to the Postmaster
General and the Secretary of the Treasury, and by
them approved, namely, the estates lying on Devon-
shire street, and between Water street and Milk
street, in the city of Boston, (containing about thirty
thousand square feet,) and that they be authorized to
purchase the same for a sum not exceeding $500,000;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to pay such sum of money as may be necessary
to carry the foregoing resolutions into effect from
any money in the Treasury hereafter to be appro-
priated : Provided, That no money shall be paid out
of the Treasury in pursuance of this resolution until
the title to the aforesaid estates shall be properly
certified by the United States district attorney for
the district of Massachusetts."
Now, my understanding is that the land has
already been purchased.
Mr. SARGENT. The Chair has ruled on the
point of order, and I object to further debate.
The Clerk read as follows :
For completing the work on the building for ap-
praisers' stores in Philadelphia, $40,000: Provided,
That said building shall also be used for a bonded
warehouse.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend that
paragraph by striking out "$40,000" and in-
serting in lieu thereof " $57,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For desks, tables, chairs, cases, shelving for file-
rooms, boxes, and repairs of furniture in Treasury
Department, $10,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to insert after
that paragraph the following:
For repairs and preservation of public buildings,
$50,000; for furniture and repairs of furniture,
$25,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to know
the necessity of this appropriation in a defi-
ciency bill. A deficiency bill I supposed to
be for the purpose of appropriating money to
pay accounts already rendered for articles and
things already had. And I believe there is
an act of Congress forbidding the making of
any contracts in advance of appropriations.
Now, I want to know what this means; putting
all these sums into a deficiency bill, for public
buildings, furniture, &c. Does it mean that
any Department of the Government is going
on, of its own volition, running the Govern-
ment into debt in advance, in the construction
of public buildings, or in the matter of pro-
viding furniture for offices, &c. ? I desire this
knowledge because, from the investigation I
have given the subject of public buildings, I
believe there is no more wasteful expenditure
of Government money than in this matter of
construction of buildings. There is no branch
of Government expenditure where we appro-
priate money in unlimited amounts without
stint, and hand it over to officers to be used
as they please, except in this matter of public
buildings. And yet. every year we are asked
to pass deficiency bills, in addition to appro-
priations for the current year, to pay for debts
of this character. Now, I want to know if
there is to be any end of this matter.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The idea of a deficiency
bill is not to pay for liabilities already incurred.
No officer of the Government has the right, ex-
cept in those cases authorized by express law,
to contract liabilities on behalf of the Govern-
ment which shall bind Congress to make an
appropriation therefor. The idea of a defi-
ciency bill is to meet deficiencies in appro-
priations already made to carry on the public
service. As to this particular deficiency, I
may say that the Secretary of the Treasury jn
person, before the committee, said that it was
absolutely necessary for the public service.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury also stated that the cost of repairs and
preservation of all the public buildings was
less than one fifth of one per cent.; and if
there is any other property on earth that is
kept in repair for that rate I would like to
know what it is.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I may add that I have
always opposed this business of entering into
the construction of new public buildings, and
will the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] say that we ought not to keep in repair
and preservation the buildings we already
have ? Shall we permit them to become dilap-
idated and fall into decay ? Certainly not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not ask that'
the public buildings shall be allowed to fall
into decay; nothing of the sort. But I do ask
that officers of the Government shall not be
allowed to go on without stint making such
additions and repairs on public buildings as
they please, and, worse than all, following that
with the purchase of just as expensive furni-
ture as they please for the different offices of
the Government. We have a specimen of
that in the matter of twenty-five or thirty thou-
sand dollars expended for looking-glasses.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly. But the
gentleman knows very well that that expend-
iture came down to us from the preceding
administration of Andrew Johnson.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It came down to us
from the same officers who are continued in
office to-day in the Treasury Department.
Mr.-LAWRENCE. Does the gentleman
propose to remove those officers by a defi-
ciency bill ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose to
give them any more money and leave them to
expend it as they please. It was proved here
before Congress at the last session, as I was
about to remark awhile ago, that from twenty -
five to thirty thousand dollars was expended
for mirrors to put in the different offices in the
Treasury building. It was further proved, I
think, that those mirrors were occasionally
loaned out to garnish the houses of gentlemen
in Washington city ; that in one instance two
of them were lost and never returned, or
rather, one of them was lost and another
broken, after having been used to garnish the
house of a distinguished member of this Con-
gress on the occasion of a reception given by
him. These mirrors, which cost thousands of
dollars, have been carried about the city of
Washington to adorn and garnish the parlors
and drawing-rooms of gentlemen, in order that
they might give distinguished receptions. I
understand the object of this deficiency appro-
priation is to replace, as a part of the furniture,
these lost mirrors, purchased by order of men
who are still retained in office in the Treasury
Department.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to ask to whom he refers ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I am referring to
the architect of the Treasury and the other
officers having charge of this matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman said that
these mirrors went into the house of a dis-
tinguished member of Congress. I wish to
know whether that member was a Democrat?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. His politics are of
that uncertain kind which makes it difficult to
tell. [Laughter.] I believe he was formerly
