1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
entered into by which the Government agreed
to pay $40,000 annually for ten years. But
iu the bill making appropriations' for the
expenses of the current year this item of
$40,000 was omitted. I went myself to the
Treasury Department and I saw the contract
itself, and saw that there was no escape from
it. It runs out in a. year or two and then we
will have no more to pay.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The con-
tract lias not expired.
Mr. SARGENT. It ends in 1872,1 think.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I with-
draw my motion to strike out.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out the words "facilitating communi-
cation" and insert in lieu thereof the words
" executing contract with the Western Union
Telegraph Company to facilitate."
Mr. DAWES. The phrase in the bill is the
one that has come down to us from former
bills.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I want
to make it so that we shall not hereafter use
any such language.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend the
amendment so that the clause will read, "for
executing contract to facilitate communica-
tion," &c.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is not
right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For outfit and extraordinary clerical expenses of
the commission to revise the United States Statutes-
at-Large, $1,000.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the para-
graph just read. And in order to give a little
emphasis to my motion I will state that many
years ago I voted here for the appointment of
three commissioners, at a salary of $5,000
each, to revise our Statutesat-Large, and I
have never yet seen any result of their labors.
This is an appropriation of $1,000 for the out-
fit and extraordinary clerical expenses of that
commission. I would rather give my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] who has this bill
in charge, and who is an old law reporter, and
who could analyze and revise those statutes in
one year, a salary of $5,000, and have it stop
there, rather than have this perpetual expend-
iture go on without our seeing any result
from it. There are matters which might very
profitably be collated and published in con-
nection with our Government.
I shall offer in a few minutes an amendment
to this section to provide for the publication
of the reports of our various claims commis-
sions, foreign and mixed. We have had the
Spanish commission, the Mexican commis-
sion, the New Granada commission, the Costa
Rica commission, and various other commis-
sions of this kind. The reports of those com-
missions are now in manuscript in the State
Department, and in that form are almost use-
less for any purpose of reference or authority
in the discussions which are shortly to come
up here before the great commission between
the United States and Great Britain. "We
need the publication of these reports, and an
appropriation for 'that purpose is demanded.
But from the expenditures which we are mak-
ing for the codification of our statutes we get
no result. I would like my friend from Ohio
to explain, if it be possible, why it is that we
iu this way pour so much water into a sieve,
for thus far we have had no result from our
expenditures for the revision of our Statutes-
at-Large.
A gentleman who sits near me suggests that
one reason, perhaps, why we can get no results
is that we continue to make these appropri-
ations year after year, and the officials, desir-
ing to continue in office and draw their sala-
ries, never finish their work, but keep up some
Sort of a pretense of work, though with no
lesult that promises any conclusion of their
labors. I would like my friend from Ohio to
give us, if he can, before we vote a satisfac-
tory explanation. If he does so, I will with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I feel my-
self very much complimented by what my
friend from New York has said in reference to
me; but I beg to call his attention to some
facts in connection with this subject. Some
years ago Congress authorized a commission
to revise the laws. The time allowed for the
work, by the law creatingthe commission, ex-
pired, and a new commission was authorized.
When the members of this new commission
came into offiee they found themselves almost
without furniture, and without the proper
statutes to enable them to go on with the
work. They found it necessary to employ a
clerk, and to incur other expenses, to enable
them to prosecute their labors. The question
for the Committee on Appropriations and for
the House to consider is not whether it was
wise in the first place to authorize this com-
mission, but whether, the commission being
already created, it is better to make it avail-
able and hasten its work by giving the commis-
sioners some cleHcal assistance, together with
the necessary furniture and the statutes needed
for their use, or whether we shall withhold
these things and thus render their services
unproductive to the country.
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man where this commission sits?
Mr. LAWRENCE. In the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. COX. Does it require a clerk ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The assistance of a
clerk will very much facilitate the work and
hasten its accomplishment. I may say that
the commission, since it has been in existence,
has revised the postal laws, the laws relating
to the Navy, the laws relating to patents, and
the laws relating to the Army. Most of these
reports have been substantially reenacted by
Congress. The postal laws, as revised by this
commission, have been substantially reenacted
by Congress. So also with the patent laws.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Can the
gentleman state how far the commissioners
have progressed with their work ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. They are going on with
the work; and I believe they are doing it as
well as Government officers generally do their
work. *
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman tell us how
much has been expended for the revision of
the laws relating to the few subjects he has
named?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am not able to state
the exact amount. *
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to withdraw his amend-
ment, and I will renew it.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the amendment.
I desire that the House shall know some facts
in regard to the question. In 1866, I believe,
Congress authorized the appointment of this
commission, to consist of three members, at an
annual salary of $5,000 each, and the work
was to be performed within three years. Those
three years expired, and the salaries of the
commissioners for that time amounted to the
sum of $45,000, besides additional items of
very considerable amount for the expenses
attending their labors. The result of those
labors for that entire time was the preparation
of the reports which have been alluded to by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
At the commencement of the Forty-First Con-
gress my friend from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
who sits near me intftiduced a bill here to
revive the commission. It was opposed in the
House, and for the reason stated by the gen-
tleman from New York, that no result followed,
that nothing was done. The time of the com-
missioners was not given to the wofk. Con-
gress added a proviso to the bill whieh was then
pending, that these commissioners should give
their time to the work, and that this commis-
sion should not be continued beyond the time
of the completion of the work. They have
gone on for two years more—1 believe only for
one year, as there was an interregnum of one
year—making four years in all that this com-
mission has been in existence under pay or
salary of $60,000, and scarcely anything has
yet been brought before this House as the labor
of this commission.
I see in the annual appropriation bill of last
year, in addition to the salaries of these com-
missioners, some $15,000, an item for the
reasonable incidental expenses of the commis-
sion, for clerk hire, stationery, and miscella-
neous items, $3,000. Three thousand dollars
were appropriated for the present fiscal year.
And now here is another item of $1,000 for
the incidental expenses of the commission,
making $4,000 for that purpose for this com-
mission during the present fiscal year. It
seems to me high time, Mr. Speaker, that the
Congress of the United States should interpose
between the people and this commission; that
it is high time that we should stop the work
entirely, which is never going to be completed,
as appearances would indicate. Certainly we
should not allow these items of incidental
expenses, when we have already appropri-
ated $3,000, to run up to and perhaps bevond
$4,000.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. Was there not in the
appropriation bill passed about three weeks
since an appropriation of some $3,000 for the
incidental expenses of this commission?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was for the next
fiscal year, commencing next July, while this
is to supply a deficiency for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June next. It is an ex-
travagant amount, and the Congress of the
United States ought not to allow it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I call attention to the
following letter by the chairman of the com-
mission :
Office of Commission to
Revise rira.tcte3 Uxited Statf.s,
January 21,1871.
My Deak Judge: I beg leave to state through you
to the Committee on Appropriations the grounds of
our request for a deficiency allowanceof Sl,000. This
commission has gone through the whole body of the
statutes, beginning with volume sixteen and working
back to volume one, marking every section of the
general and permanent acts under its proper title,
making marginal references to amendments and re-
peals. and ascertaining what acts or sections were
not originally of general or permanent character,
and what have become obsolete. Of this work we
have a standard and a duplicate-standard copy.
These new materials have been cut out of other
copies, and each section, with written marginal
notes, has been pasted on a separate leaf of paper.
Wc have been obliged, while sitting ourselves as a
board, to employ an unusual clerical force, so as to
have the work ready as early us possible for the pro-
cess of revision. Of course this hascairied oil'a
large disproportion of our contingent fund. We are
in consequence left with a small balance for clerical
service from this date to 30th June. Besides this
expenditure we have had to provide additional
outfit.
We submit the matter entirely to the judgment of
the committee, having but one suggestion to make
by way of argument, namely, that the ordinal y
appropriation tor contingencies is clearly measured
by our supposed ordinary annual expenses, to whieh
the expenses referred to do not belong.
I am, very rcspecttully,
CHARLES P. JAMES,
Chairman of Commission
to Revise Statutes United States.
Commission to revise the statutes of the Uni-
ted States: for outfit and extraordinary clerical
expenses, $1,000.
Mr. DAWES. Now let us have a vote. I
move to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The pending amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to move an addi-
tional paragraph.
Mr. COX. I wish to append something to
the pending paragraph.
The SPEAKER. That takes precedence.
Mr. COX. I do not know that it is precisely
in order, but I hope that no point will be raised
on it. I move to add these words:
l?or the collation and the publieation of the reports
