APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
Ho. of Reps.
National Education—-Mr. Bird.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
I have no doubt that hundreds and thou-
sands- engaged in the book-making business in
this country have a special eye to this provis-
ion of the bili. If I were a speculator, and this
bill were likely to become the law, I would at
ones engage in the book-making business. It
seems to me of all the "grabs" which have
been mentioned, from the commencement of
this Congress to the present time; of all the
subsidies which have been praised on the one
hand and condemned on the other, nothing
will be so fruitful of speculation and profit as
this particular clause.
There are, perhaps, seven million of chil-
dren in this country (the estimate, I think, is
low) between six and eighteen years of age,
who will be embraced within the purview of
this particular bill. Now, to procure school
books for them would cost, at two dollars for
each child per year, $14,000,000. Suppos-
ing only one half of the whole number were
in attendance, the oost per year would be
$7,000,000.
But it is said that only those are to be
supplied with school-books who are unable to
purchase for themselves. Nevertheless, the
books are to be printed. What I condemn
about the provision is that it permits this
superintendent to play into the hands of spec-
ulators, this year having one set or series of
books and next year another, and to compel
the people to accept of such at such prices as
they may see fit to impose. Are we, then, to
have another bureau of printing in addition to
what we have already established in this city ?
It seems to me when we come to estimate the
expense attending this machinery it becomes
appalli ng.
But again, the eighth section provides that the
local superintendent shall select and contract-
people are not mentioned ; district trustees are
never thought of—with a teacher or teachers
for the schools within his district at a rate
and for a period of time to be approved by the
State superintendent.
Now, will that cost the people of this coun-
try anything? As I remarked awhile ago, there
will be probably one hundred and fifty thou-
sand teachers in this country. Paying them at
the low estimate that you pay your Govern-
ment clerks and employ6s, or that you paid a
•great many in the employ of the Government
when you were enforcing the reconstruction
acts, at the rate of from fourteen hundred to
two thousand dollars ayear, you would expend
every year in the payment of teachers over
one hundred and fifty million dollars. Are you
prepared, sir, to add this to the civil expendi-
tures of the Government? Are you prepared
to go before the people and say that in the
interest of education we demand the further
sacrifice of $150,000,000 for the payment of
school-teachers? I know the subject is one
which will strike the popular mind with favor
at first; but an overtaxed and overburdened
people will in the end contemplate the purpose
for which this tax is imposed, and, in myjudg-
ment, will resist it with great force and power,
as future elections will demonstrate.
Henee, you will observe that the payment
of the State superintendents, the local super-
intendents, the division inspectors, and the
school-teachers will swell up the expenditures
of this Government to the enormous sum of
$105,000,000 annually.
But is this all, Mr. Speaker ? Can we have
a bureau without clerks, without messengers?
Do not all these follow, as the bees do the roses
in spring time? How many hundreds and
thousands will bo besieging this House and
the White House at the other end of the
avenue for employment in the Bureau of Edu-
cation? Why, every local superintendent will
want his bureau, his clerk, and his messenger,
throughout the entire country. And then will
there be any question of who will be the suc-
cessor of the present incumbent of the presi-
dential chair? Will there be any doubt about
who will administer this Government in the
future? Bismarck is not more secure in the
affections of the German people to-day than
would be the incumbent of the presidential
chair in his place if this bill were to become
a law. Will not fifty thousand New England
school-teachers scattered throughout the South
be able to control the vote?
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BIRD. I cannot yield at this time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what thoughts suggested
this measure? It cannot be there is any defect
in the system of education already established
in this country in the various States. Is this
an improvement on the Massachusetts system?
Is this any better than they have in Ohio ?
Will the people of New England be any better
educated? Will their morals be improved?
Will their system of government be any more
perfect in any of its departments than it is to-
day? Will it be possible for this Government
to educate the people of Massachusetts to a
higher standard, to have a few^fc numher who
cannot read or write ? It may be that they are
somewhat in the background in Ohio; but I
do not so understand it. Were it possible for
us to do anything for that State, which has
excelled so wonderfully in all that makes a
State great and powerful, I would be happy
to do it. But. this measure, Mr. Speaker, will
not, in my judgment, accomplish that, purpose.
No, no. It is not intended for the North. It
is thus disguised in order, if the bill becomes
a law, to override and control the South.
In New Jersey we have done something
upon the subject of education—not I think
what has been done perhaps in one or two
other States ; but it strikes me we have accom-
plished a very great deal, and are doing every-
thing that it is possible for a State to do.
Our system is such as to provoke the people
to emulation, and they vie with each other, by
districts and townships and counties, in pro-
moting this great work. I desire to submit
here an extract from the message of the Gov-
ernor of New Jersey on the subject of educa-
tion. I doubt if a brighter or more instructive
picture can be presented from any quarter of
the Union or of the world:
"JSdiicationalmaitcrs,—Under our system of public
schools there have been enrolled during the year
161,083 scholars, or nearly one fifth of the entire
population of the Stato. The cost of maintaining
these institutions has been $1,664,659 03. These
moneys are principally the product of taxes, self-
imposed, under the terms of the school law. Of
1,458 school districts, 807 are absolutely free, while
in those not so the comparatively small sum of
$71,866 02 is had from tuition fees. In view of the
close approximation of our school system to a per-
fectly free one, and for other reasons fully set forth
in the interesting report of the State board of edu-
cation, it is recommended that power be given so to
advance the maximum rate of taxation permitted
by law as to render the public schools of the State
absolutely free. In this recommendation I concur.
™ af school property in the State is
§3,6<7,442. The total number of children in the State
between the ages of five and eighteen is 258,227. The
morease in their attendance at public schools is 8,888
for the year. The total number of children attending
private schools is 32,447, which, added to the nuin-
&e,r-,*&fcendlng Public school, makes an aggregate of
194,loO, or nearly four fifths of all the children of the
State between the ages of five and eighteen.
, "We may fairly claim that the education of youth
is almost universal within our borders.
" The report of the State normal school continues
to show the increasing prosperity and usefulness of
that admirably managed institution and its adjuncts.
. The Farnum school otBeverly ha? had281 pupils
m attendance during the year. The Normal school
has had 563. Ttiis institution has not only been self-
sustaining, but by its surplus earnings has enabled
the fc>tatc to become possessed of buildings and
grounds which are now valued at $125,000, and are
well located and adapted to the purposes of their
erection.
"The normal school has numbered 293 scholars
during the year. No better attestation of the bene-
fits flowing from this institution can be turnished,
perhaps, than is contained in the tact of a constant
and full demand by the school districts of the State
lor teachers from its well-educated and disciplined
graduates. A statement of special interest to our
people will be found in the detailed history of the
boarding-house system adopted by _the trustees of
the normal school. Briefly stated, within four yeais
grounds and buildings ha.ve been purchased having
a total value of over forty thousand dollars, more
than one half of which has been liquidated from the
profits of the institution, besides giving a comforta-
ble, cheap, and convenient home for the pupils. In
view of the success that has attended the manage-
ment of all the departments of the normal school, it
would be a misnomer to call it a beneficiary ot the
State. I commend the detailed report to your espe-
cial notice, as exhibiting an instance of fidelity in
the management of a public institution.
" Scientific School and Agricultural College.—Aside
from noting the continued prosperity of this insti-
tution, in which the State lias so considerable a.n
interest, there is no change of moment to remark in
its affairs, save a necessary increase in the faculty
of the college and extension of the two principal
courses of study from three to four year3.
"This extension will permit the introduction of
studies of a more general educational character, and
offers an additional inducement to our citizens to
avail themselves of an opportunity by which their
sons may be educated as liberally and economically
as at any institution in the country.
" State scholarships are filled upon the recom-
mendation of county superintendents of schools. It
should be made the duty of these officers to report
graduating scholars who are prepared foraeourseat
the scientific school.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot olose my remarks
without insisting upon the utter want of power
in Congress to enforce the provisions of this
bill. We can undertake nothing which would
prove more injudicious, because of its illegal-
ity. A settled conviction abides with the peo-
ple, especially in the South, that there are
certain boundaries to the action of the Gov-
ernment. If it be possible to draw a plain
line, in accordance with the letter of the Con-
stitution, it can certainly be done with refer-
ence to this subject. To educate the children
of the State is not only her duty, but her right;
a right that cannot be overridden or interfered
with by any other power; consequently it is a
sovereign right, a right that has never been
yielded, granted, or modified by the adoption
of the Federal Constitution ; just as perfect in
all its attributes, just as distinguishable, after
the formation of the Union as before. We
might as well question England's exclusive
right to educate her children as the right of
New Jersey or Georgia.
If this power be within our reach under the
construction of the Constitution contended for
by the majority here, who then will pretend to
set limits to congressional action or interfer-
ence? Sir, if this construction prevail, it car-
ries everything with it; and it will not hereafter,
with such a precedent, be worth while to ask
if any proposed measure be within the powers
granted. Who would think of legislating here
upon the growth of corn or wheat or cotron ;
or who would dare suggest the propriety of
establishing a national church? Noneso hardy.
Yet there is just as much ignorance among the
ignorant, black or white, as to the proper method
of growing corn, wheat, and cotton, as there is
upon the object to be attained by the use of
the ballot. There is, beyond question, as much
irreligion, infidelity, and atheism in our borders
as there is ignorance; and it is by no means
certain but that the former are far more danger-
ous to our liberties than is the latter.
Mr. Speaker, you would not think of inter
fering with the mode we have in New Jersey
of administering the criminal law, although
you might not deem it the wisest. A great
many men think that capital punishment is a
barbarous practice, and totally at variance with
the progress of this age. In New Jersey we
enforce that ancient custom, much to themor
tification of evil-doers. Doubtless, sir, it would
fill you with astonishment were one of your
New England friends to introduce a bill in" this
House proposing the adoption of a system of
national criminal jurisprudence. Every indi-
vidual with a spark of reverence for legal forms
and constitutional limitations would at once
declare thatthatisa matter for the States alone.
Bear with me; I am contending for a prhiei
