1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Washington and Neio York Railroad—Mr. Biggs.
Ho. of Reps.
pie, a principle which is the life of the Repub-
lic. If the Constitution contains no limitations
let us cease to swear by it. Of what avail is
an oath upon the conscience taken in the name
of an instrument that knows no limitation?
But you say this is absurd. I agree with you.
It is ridiculous. Let us recognize that fact. It
will be of value to us. I am right, then, in
contending that there are limitations to the
actions of Congress and that the States have
rights. These rights are of the first and highest
order. They are not borrowed, nor derived,
nor dependent. They come not to the States
from any superior. They were not conveyed
or granted. They are nowhere written on scrip
or parchment, subject to the construction of
despots, tyrants, demagogues, or viceroys.
Thanks be to God, they are cherished in the
breasts of millions of patriots who will never
more lack courage to assert and defend them.
In New Jersey we educate our children in
our own way, learning what we can from others
who have adopted different methods. We
claim that this is our right, our sovereign right.
We care not what the majority in Congress may
think of our system ; it is none of your con-
cern ; you cannot impose upon us any other
plan how muchsoever you may prefer it. We
arrest, convict, and punish those who commit
murder or arson according to the laws enacted
by our own Legislature, and, beyond the pro-
tection secured by the Federal Constitution, you
have not the shadow of authority to interpose
your arm. Whatever your notions of humanity
may be, whatever you may think essential to
work a proper reformation in the criminal, you
cannot deprive us of our way of doing these
things nor compel us to substitute any change
you may suggest. Yet I cannot hesitate to say
that this is the purport of this bill.
Mr. Speaker, I must close. I have thus feebly
expressed my views upon this subject because
of an earnest desire to see the tendency of the
times to usurpation and centralization arrested.
I am totally averse to the German system of
government. It is occasionally applauded
here as though it was the most perfect form of
government on the earth. I detest it. We can
educate our children without it. I detest the
functionary system wherever found. Away with
your Government officials. The most perfect
government is thatof the people. Let the voice
of the people prevail. Forbid that I should live
to see officers of the United States in Govern-
ment uniform in all the school-houses in any
of the States.
Mr. Speaker, let me implore this House and
the country to beware of the functionary sys-
tem.
Washington and Jiew York Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. B. T. BIGGS,
of delaware,
In the House op Representatives,
January 30, 1871,
On the bill(H. R. No. 2728) to authorize the building
of a military and postal railway from Washington,
District of Columbia, to tho city of New York.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, in the short
time allotted me for the discussion of so
important a bill as this, I shall only be able
briefly to call the attention of the House_ to
the great danger to the country in introducing
into the Congress of the United States a dan-
gerous and, in my judgment, most pernicious
system of legislation, which, if persisted in,
will not only transfer lobby members from
your State Legislatures to the Rotunda of this
Capitol, but will produce a mostunwholesome
and unhealthy precedent, which can only result
in disaster and ruin, and which is unwarranted
by the Constitution we have all sworn to sup-
P°rt" 41si Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 6.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this obnox-
ious bill, first, because it is, in my humble
opinion, clearly unconstitutional. I am utterly
at a loss to know how any gentleman can con-
scientiously support a measure of this kind,
or where he can find any authority in the Con-
stitution to justify himself in support of this
bill, which is in direct conflict with the uni-
form practice of this Government from its
beginning. It is a sound and settled principle
of American jurisprudence that the Federal
Government has 110 right to enterand make use
of the territory of a State without first obtain-
ing the consent of the State Legislatures, for
any purpose whatever, whether it be to erect
forts or construct railroads or canals.
The right of eminent domain has always
from the foundation of the Government been
conceded to the States, respectively, and 110
act of Congress could authorize the entering
upon the soil of a State to construct a rail-
road without the corporators first seeking and
obtaining the privilege from the law-making
power of that State, namely, the Legislature
of that State. Now, let us for a moment
endeavor to ascertain whether this bill is or is
not constitutional. If it is not, then our duty
is clear, and we have no right to pass it. I
have examined the best legal authorities of
the country upon this point, and am fully con-
vinced that no sane man can arrive at any
other conclusion than that the provisions con-
tained in this bill are clearly without the pale
of the Constitution. General Jackson, in 1830,
in his Maysville road veto, said, when speak-
ing upon the power of Congress to invade the
territory of a State:
"Althouzh frequently and erroneously attempted,
the power to this extent has never been exercised
by the Government in a single instance. It does
not, in my opinion, possess it, and no bill, therefore,
which admits it can receive my official sanction."
Here, then, we have the explicit declaration
of President Jackson that the Government of
the United States doe3 not possess the power,
although frequently attempted, to pass any law
which will justify any corporation to enter upon
the territory of a State. And, sir, again, Pres-
ident Polk, in his message in December, 1817,
said, alluding to the principles now sought
to be established by this bill, that "this power
to make a road or canal, or to excavate the
bottom of a river or harbor, implies the right
in the soil of the State and a jurisdiction over
it for which it would be impossible to find any
warrant." Now, what can be more clear, in
the opinion of those eminent statesmen, than
that the Federal Congress cannot pass any
law taking the soil of a State to construct
railroads, without first seeking and obtaining
State authority. But, Mr. Speaker, we are
not left alone in support of this view by high
executive authority; we have the opinion of
a profound jurist, which, to my mind, is con-
clusive upon the point I am now endeavoring
to enforce. Justice Story says:
"The purchase of lands by the United States for
public purposes, within the territorial limits ot a
State, does not of itself oust the jurisdiction or sov-
ereignty of such State over the lands so purchased.
It remains until tho State has relinquished its au-
thority over the land, either expressly or by necesmry
implication/'
Now, Mr. Speaker, can anything be plainer ?
Is not the opinion of Justice Story conclu-
sive upon this point, that the States must
expressly relinquish their authority over the
land within its dominion before the Federal
Government can enter and take possession ?
Sir, I might multiply authorities, would time
permit, demonstrating beyond the shadow of
a doubt that Congress derives no power from
the Constitution to invade a State to construct
works of internal improvement. Sir, the ad-
vocates of this bill, in endeavoring to find
shelter in that clause of the Constitution which
says Congress shall "regulate commerce, '
misconceive and misinterpret the whole scope
and meaning of those words. To regulate
commerce does not mean to carry it on. To
regulate does not mean to create. The Supreme
Court defines "regulate" "to presciibe the
rule by which commerce is to be governed."
Certainly it never meant to build bridges or
canals or railroads; but it could prescribe the
rule by which commerce would pass from one
State to another over them.
While, therefore, I am free tp admit the
power to regulate, I deny that Congress has
any other jurisdiction over the things or per-
sons to be regulated. Then, as I think I have
shown this bill can find no justification in the
Constitution, I might rest content. But, sir,
I propose to show that there is 110 necessity for
another railroad between this city and New
York. The present railroad affords all the
facilities, both for freight and travel, which are
now demanded by the public. We now have
between this city and New York three passen-
ger trains daily, with a capacity to carry twelve
hundred passengers each way. The through
passenger travel last year did not average three
hundred daily. Now, while this bill calls for
a capital of only $10,000,000, tho present rail-
road companies spent more than that sum within
the last six years in repairs. The amount of
capital invested between New York and Wash-
ington in one of the three parallel lines, amounts
to $36,000,000 in the present line of railroad.
And nowhere in America have passengers bet-
ter cars to ride in, or are carried with more
safety or with greater speed. The presidents
are men of ability and character ; the superin-
tendents and conductors efficient and polite.
Now, what more do we want?
Since the year 1835 our rail extension has
averaged annually over fourteen hundred
miles, and we now have some fifty thousand
miles of railroad in good running condition,
costing more money to build and equip them
than our national debt amounts to, which in
the aggregate swells up to the enormous sum
of $2,000,000,000. I now ask the honorable
gentleman from Illinois, who seem3 to be the
father of this bill, sir, is it fair, is it just, is it
honorable, is it morally justifiable, when State
after State has induced capitalists to enter into
the braiding of railroads as an investment, to
run the hazard of loss when railroads were an
experiment, to now reverse the uniform practice
and policy of the Government by calling upon
Congress to charter parallel and rival roads,
and thereby not only violate the plighted faith
of the States to existing chartered companies,
but interfere to a great extent with our pres-
ent system of steam railways for thousands of
miles now in opeiation, the stockholders of
which do not receive oneper cent, in dividends,
and many of them even staggering under the
interest upon their mortgage bonds ?
Sir, the franchises proposed to be granted
by this bill are unlimited. There is to be no
regard for cemeteries, no regard for the safety
of human life through city, town, or village;
bu t an " air-line:' is proposed to be constructed
by this bill, even if it displaces or disturbs the
hones of the dead, or endangers the living in
passing with lightning speed through a State
whose citizens have no redress. Mr. Speaker,
there is no system of enterprise which has added
so much to our national wealth as the construc-
tion of railroads under our present system.
They have added to the wealth of the nation
countless millions. They have been skillfully
and successfully managed, and will so continue
to be, far better than the Federal Government
could ever expect to do. Butif we commenced
by chartering one single road by Congress,
when will you stop? There will be no end to
applications. Pass thisbill and it will be enter-
ing upon a policy by which Congress will be
harassed constantly to extend its mcor£or-
at Nonation upon earth has been hitherto so
