1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred t,o the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities,
REPORTS OP COMMITTEB3.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee oil Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1189) to authorize the Secretary of War
to negotiate for the construction of a telegraph
line to the military posts on the Missouri river,
reported it. with amendments.
ilr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Kelations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. 11. No. 2591) relating to telegraphic
communication between the United States
and foreign countries, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. PENTOXf. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 508) to refund to the States the
interest and discount of the money borrowed
to equip, pay, supply, and transport troops
for the service of the United States in the
recent war, to report adversely thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that when
that bill is called up again I will, on the part
of the minority of the Committee on Finance,
offer a substitute for the bill, which I now pre-
sent and ask to have printed; and I present
at the same time an official communication,
which 1 wish to have printed for use in the
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee, and the papers presented by
the Senator from Ohio will be printed.
Mr. MORTON. I give notice that as soon
as the pending orders are disposed of I shall
ask the Senate to take up this bill and put it
on its passage.
Mr. COLE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back the
bill (EC. R. No. 2529) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
SO, 1872, with an amendment; and I give notice
now that at an early day I shall ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to this bill.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Sarah Evans, praying for a pension, have
instructed me to report a bill granting her a
pension; and as it has to go to the House
of Representatives to be acted on there, I
ask for its consideration now.
The bill (S. No. 1253) granting a pension to
Sarah Evans was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must object to the
passage of bills this morning. The ordinary
morning business I do not object to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill cannot
now be considered, objection being made.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 move that the report
which I have submitted to accompany the bill
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Louise Clark, daughter of Abraham Lawrence,
a soldier in the revolutionary war, praying to
be allowed a pension, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print extra copies of the annual report of the
Librarian of Congress, reported the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of
the report of the Librarian of Congress be printed
with covers for the use of the Library of Congress.
STATUE OF LINCOLN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds of
the two Houses, to whom was referred a com-
munication of the architect for the extension
of the Capitol relative to the course to be pur-
sued with regard to the statue of Abraham
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 44.
Lincoln, have directed me to make a report;
which I ask to have read.
The report was read, as follows:
The order of arrangements made by the Committee on
Public Iiu.ildi.nos and Grounds of the Senate and
Ilov.ee of Representatives for unvailing the statue
of the late Prtsiderlt. Lincoln, made by Miss Vinnie
Ream, to take place in the Rotunda of the Capitol,
on Wednesday evening, January 25, at half past seven
o'clock, precisely, will be as follows, namely :
Musie by the Marine band.
Unvailing of the statue bv Judge Davi3 of the
Supreme Court.
Remarks by-
Senator Trumhult,, Senator Patterson,
Senator Carpenter, Hon. Mr. Brooks,
General Basks, Hon. Mr. Cullom.
Music by the Marine band.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, the committee of arrange-
ments, the speakers, the artist, the President of the
United States, Vice President. Senators, justices of
the Supreme Court of the United States, members
of the Cabinet, representatives of foreign Govern-
ments resident at Washington, General ot the Army,
Admiral of the Navy, and mayor of the city of Wash-
ington, are invited to be present in the Senate Cham-
ber at seven o'clock and fifteen minutes, ready to
proceed to the Rotunda at the time appointed.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, Speaker and members of
the House of Representatives are invited to assem-
ble in the Hall of the House of Representatives at
seven o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.. ready to
proceed to the Rotunda at the appointed time.
Seats in the Rotunda for Senators and members
of the House of Representatives, and other invited
guests will not be reserved after half-past seven
o'clock.
Senators and invited guests will be admitted at
the eastern door of the Senate Chamber with ladies
belonging to their families, who will assemble in the
reception-room of the Senate.
The Speaker and Members of the House of Repre-
sentatives will be admitted at the eastern door of the
House, with ladies belonging to their families, who
will assemble in the ruom of the Speaker.
The public will be admitted at the east and west
central doors of the Capitol immediately after the
processions trom the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives shall have reached the Rotunda.
Seats will be provided for representatives of the
press.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be laid on the table.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WILLEY. By the expiration of the
term of the late Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Wixdom] a vacancy has occurred in the Com-
mittee on Patents, and another member of that
committee being absent, I move that the Chair
be authorized to fill existing vacancies in the
standing committees of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia moves that the Chair be author-
ized to fill vacancies upon the standing com-
mittees. Is there objection to that course ?
The Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and byunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1252) to establish a board of health in the
city of Washington, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The State of Georgia
having no Senator on this floor, I have been
requested to present a bill, which I now ask
leave to introduce without previous notice.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1254) granting land
in aid of the construction of the Atlantic and
Great Western canal; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON DISORDERS IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 293) appropriating money to
defray the expenses of the select committee
appointed to investigate alleged outrages in
the southern States; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask for the present-consid-
eration of the joint resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as m
Committee of t.he Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which appropriates the
sum of $10,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to defray the expenses of the select
committee of the Senate Appointed to investi-
gate alleged outrages in the southern States,
to be expended by order of the committee upon
vouchers of its chairman.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered tobe engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested"the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1832) to regulate rank ia
the Navy of the United States; and
A joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 468) for the
protection and preservation of the food fishes
on the coast of the United States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of the
Stockbridge and MunseS tribe of Indians in
the State of Wisconsin; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 270) for the
benefit of the Industrial Home for Destitute
Children in the District of Columbia.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 23d
instant approved and signed the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 226) for the relief of Richard
P. Hammond.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, in answer to a resolution of the
21st of December, 1870, requesting him to fur-
nish the Senate with the amount of money
expended by the United States for freights and
tonnage to the Pacific coast by way of the
Isthmus and Cape Horn during the twelve
months now last past; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1832) to regulate rank
in the Navy of the United States was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 468) for the
protection and preservation of the food fishes
on the coast of the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
COMMITTEE ON DISORDERS IN THE SOOTH.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
Senate resolutions, the morning business is
completed, and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Patterson'] is entitled to the floor
upon the unfinished business of yesterday,
pending which the Chair desires to state to
the Senate that the senior Senator from Mill-
nesota [Mr. Ramsey] has announced to the
Chair that at half past three o'clock this after-
noon he proposes to announce to the Senate
the death of his late colleague, Mr. Norton.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I offered a resolution yes-
terday morning to supply an omission in the
original resolution in reference to the special
committee to investigate alleged outrages in
the South. In deference to the views expressed
by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard. ]
I am willing to have the resolution recon-
sidered and laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be reconsidered and laid on
the table. It is so ordered.
