82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Accounts of George Chorpenning.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
successful as ours in constructing cheap and
safe railroads. Then why change? The four-
teen thousand miles of railway in England
cost on an average per mile $235,000, while
our fifty thousand miles only averaged about
fifty-two thousand dollars. Yet, in the face
of our unparalleled advancement in the rail-
road system, it is now sought to be changed by
this hill, which is clearly unconstitutional and
not called for by the public.
Mr. Speaker, since I have^ been a member
of this body I have been pained at the hasty
and reckless manner in which we legislated for
the country. Witness the proceedings in this
House to day. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations called upon us to rescind
a resolution which was passed on the last day
of the last session in about nine hours through
both Houses. The debate we have just list-
ened to shows that the resolution of July 15,
1870, was passed without deliberation, and the
Government came very near being defrauded
out of half a million dollars.
If we would pass fewer laws, and better
mature those we do pass, it would be far bet'
ter for the American people. Sir, this total
disregard for vested rights, this wild, reckless
legislation under the whip and spur of your
previous question, this usurpation of power
by Congress, if persisted in will certainly end
in the overthrow not only of our great net-
work of railroads, but will eventually result in
injury to private as well as public rights, and
change this Government, with all its checks
and balances, into a consolidated imperialism.
George Cliorpemiing.
REPOUX OF TIIE
FOB T M A 8 T JTC11 G 30 N E 11 A L
ON Til E
CLAIMS OF GEORGE CIIORPENNING.
(January 30, 1871.)
Mr. Dawks, from the Committee on Appropria-
tions, reported a joint resolution repealing thejoint
resolution approved July 15, 1870, authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of^George
Chorpenning, and submitted the report of the Post-
master General in the case and asked that it bo
printed in the Globe. The report is as follows:
By a joint resolution of Congress approved
July 15, 1870, it was resolved—
"That the Postmaster General is hereby author-
ized and directed to investigate and adjust the claims
of Gb;orgo Chorpenning, under the first section of an
act lbr his iclief, approved March 3, 1857, on tho
basis of compen-ation allowed by said act for tho
regular service, and tho chum growing out of the
curtailment and annulment of his contract on route
No. 12801, on the ba«ia of his agreement with the
PosfuuMer General for tho service, to be settled as
provided for the services named in Said act of
March 3, 1857; and the right of appeal from tho
findings of the Postmaster General to the Court of
Claims is reserved and allowed to said claimant.'*
The claims of George Chorpenning, which
the above-cited joint resolution requires the
Postmaster General to investigate and adjust,
are twofold; that is to say :
1. The claims under the first section of an
act for his relief, approved March 3, 1857.
31. The claim growing out of the curtail-
ment and annulment of his contract on route
No. 12801.
As these claims are altogetherdistinct, both
in fact and law, they will be considered sepa-
rately.
I. The act approved March 3, 1857, is enti-
tled "An act for the relief of George Chor-
penning, jr.,M and the first section thereof is
in the words following, to wit:
'* Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative* of the United State# of Avwiea in Congress
assembled. That the Postmaster General be, and he
hereby is, required to adjust and settle the claim of
paid Chorpenning, as sutvivmg partner of Wood-
ward & Chorpenning. and in his own right, for carry-
ing the mails by San Pedro, and for supplying the
post office in Carson's Valley, and also for^carrymg
part of the Independence mail by California, allow-
ing a pro rata increase of compensation tor the dis-
tance by San Pedro, for the service to Carson s Val-
ley, and for such part of the eastern mail as was
carried by California, during all the time when said
services were performed, as shown by the affidavits
and proofs on file in the House of Representatives."
The claims of said Chorpenning, under the
act approved March 3, 1857, were presented
to Postmaster General Aaron V. Brown, who,
in his annual report for the year 1857, gives
at length the proceedings by him taken thereon
as follows:
" By an act of Congress of March 3,1857, the Post-
master General was required to adjust and settle the
claim ot George Chorpenning, jr.. as surviving part-
ner of Woodward & Chorpenning, and in his own
right, for carrying the mails by San Pedro, and for
supplying the post office in Carton's Valley, and also
tor carrying part of the Independence mail by Cali-
fornia; allowing a pro ruta increase of compensation
for the distance by San Pedro, for the service to
Carson's Vallev, and for such part of the eastern
mail as was carried by California during all the time
when said services were performed, and to adjust
and settle the claim of said Chorpenning for dam-
ages on account of tho annulment or suspension of
Woodward k Chorpenning's contract for carrying
tho United States mail from Sacramento, in Califor-
nia, to Salt Lake City, in Utah Territory, as shown
in the affidavits and proofs on file in the House of
Representatives: also to allow and pay to said Chor-
penning his full contract pay during the suspension
of their contract, from 15th March to 1st July, 1853,
and thereaitcr to pay him at the rate of $30,000 per
annum, which sum was to be in lieu of the contract
pay under both the contract with Woodward &
Chorpenning, which expired June o0,1854. and under
his (Chorpenning's) present contract, which runs
lour years from July 1,1854.
"The contract pay uuder the first was $14,000,^for
monthly service between Sacramento City and Salt
Lake, by Carson's Valley, and, under the present,
$12,500 ayear lor the same number ot trips fiom San
Diego or San Pedro to Salt Lake by Sail Bernardino.
In obedience to this law and on the proofs and affi-
davits on file in the IIouso of Representatives, to
winch I was, by tho terms of the law, restricted, I
have allowed:
1. For damages on account of the annulment or sus-
pension of the old contract $30,000 00
2. For five months' service to Carson's
Valley  1,153 33
3. For increased distance fi om Sacramento
in carrying the regular Cilifornia
and Salt Lak^ mail by San Pedro ten
months  $>6,410 00
Independence mails eight of
same months  15,384 62
  21,794 02
4. For carrying Independence mails eight
months between San Pedro and Salt
Lake, (all the above being under old
contract)  28,000 00
5. For carrying Independence mails under
present contract,from July 1,1854, to
October 1, I860  28,125 00
$109,072 95
"In making the pro rata allowances, the act of
Congress not being specific on this point, I have
taken as the basis of the calculations the original
pay under each contract instead of the higher sum
of $30,000 to which, as above observed, the compens-
ation has been raised. But even upon this lower
basis the sum allowed, it will be perceived, is very
considerable independently of the further increased
compensation of $16,000 under the old and $17,500
per annum under the new contract.
"The settlement, of this claim has not been made
without considerable embarrassment. The act of
Congress was peremptory to adjust and settle, not
according to the proofs that might be taken befoie
final action, but "asshown by the proofs and affidavits
on file in theHousc of Representatives/ These were
to be the solo guides in the settlement, and neither
the records of the Departments nor any contradictory
or explanatory testimony could be taken by the Gov-
ernment to assist in attaining what might be consid-
ered exact justice in the case. The actdirected that
the claimant should be paid pro rata for carrying his
own mail, under his contract, from Sacramento
around by San Francisco and the coast to San Pedro,
instead of east by Carson's Valley to Salt Lake, and
that he should be paid also for carrying the Inde-
pendence mail that way, when the records and cor-
respondence of the Departmentshow that the change
in the route was permitted at the claimant's own in-
stance or request, and not forced upon him by an
order, or wish even, of the Department.
'The pro rata allowance for this change alone, it
will be observed, is $21,794 62. The act further
airected that he should be paid pro rata for carry-
ing the eastern mail for Salt Lake,sent rouud by the
Isthmus to California; whereasby thecontracfc itself
and the usage of the Department in all such cases
he was bound as a contractor to carry the mails of
the United States from whatever quarter they might
be sent to his line. The principal difficulty in the
case, however, was in deciding on tho true intent
and meaning of the act in requiring him to pay pro
rata. Pro rata, or in proportion to what?
" The first contract was to carry the mail at $14,009,
and the second at $12,500 per annum.
"Congress, however, in the very act which granted
him this pro rata relief, raised these prices up to
$30,000 per annum. Now, in making the estimate
required by Congress, should the basis of calculation
be a pm rata on the $L4,000 and $12,50O contracts, or
on the 080 000?
"The Department could find nothing in the act
throwing light on this subject, and therefore made
the calculation on the contract or lowest basis in-
stead of the $30,000 basis. In doing so the Depart-
ment has gone on the principle that m every case of
doubt in a. matter ot this kind tho Government was
entitled to the benefit ->f that doubt until Congress,
by some new enactment, should remove it."
in the allowances of $109,072 95, made by
Postmaster General Brown, it is to be observed
that the first item of $00,000 was "for dam-
ages on accountof the annulment or suspension
of the old contract" under the second section
of the act. This amount of damages being
deducted, there remains the sum of $79,072 95
as the aggregate of his allowances for extra
services under the first section. No exception
was taken to the ruling and award of Post-
master General Brown under the second and
third sections of the act of 1857 j but it appears
that Chorpenning immediately entered a pro-
test against the allowances for extra services
under the first section on the ground, among
others, that such allowances should have been
made pro rata on the basis of an annual com-
pensation of $30,000 for the regular service as
fixed by the third section of the act of 1857,
and nor, on the basis of the contract prices for
regular service, which were $14,000 per annum
in rirst contraband $12,500 in second contract.
Postmaster General Brown, however, on recon-
sideration, reaffirmed his decision.
The records of the Department show that
Chorpenning made application, successively,
to Postmasters General Holt, Blair, and Ran-
dall for a rehearing, and for a greater allow-
ance, but all of them refused to reopen the
case, alleging that the decision of Postmaster
General Brown precluded such action.
On 22d September, 18G9, the claimant ap-
peared before me arsd renewed his suit. After
hearing counsel m support ot his petition, and
taking time for consideration, I filed in the
case the following decision :
"Post Office Department,
"Washington, D. C., October 12,1369.
"On the 22d September last William J.Jones,
attorney for George Chorpenning. claimant, filed a
printed argument in support of his petition, praying
for arehearmg and an additional allowance under
the# act of Congress approved 3d of March, 1857,
entitled 'An act for the relief of George Chor-
penning, jr.'
"This case was taken up by Postmaster General
Brown, and a fter a most laborious consideration he
awarded to Ctiorpenriing, and Chorpenning actually
received, an extra allowance of $195,072 95
"in determining the pro rata im-rea^e of compen-
sation for the distance by San Pedro, for the service
to Carson's Valley, and for f-uch part of the eastern
mail as was carried by California, he construed the
act of Congress to require him to take for his basis
of calculation the contract prices, rather than the
incteased rate of compensation established by the
third bection. This position was assailed as an error
in law and as incompatible with the intention of
Congress. But. on reconsideration, PostmasterGen-
eral Brown reaffirmed his interpretation of the law,
and afterward reported to Congress the grounds and
principles of his decision, at the same time calling
on the legislative branch of the Government to cor-
rect his decision if erroneous. To this day Congress
has taken no action in the matter. True, tho com-
mittees of the two Houses have adopted a report so
interpreting the act of March 3,1857, a3 to allow
Chorpenning a pro rata increase of pay, to be calcu-
lated upon the basis of the pay allowed him by the
same act tor services under the contract, but neither
House adopted the report.
" It thus appears that the case has been carefully
considered and squarely decided by Postmaster Gen-
eral Brown; that his decision hinged upon the con-
struction which he gave the law, and that Congress
has allowed his decision to remain unreversed to this
day. Applications have been made to several of the
successors in office ot Postmaster General Brown for
a reopening of the case, and for another and larger
award, to be based upon a different construction of
the law. But Messrs. Holt, Blair, and Randall have
all decided against the petitioner upon the ground
that the case was re* adjudicate.
