1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
83
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Accounts of George Chorpenning.
Ho. of Heps.
" I concur in their omnion, and hence refuse the
prayer of the petition of 2-'d September, 1869. I base
this action upon the uniform practice ot the Depart-
ment and lhe decision of the Supreme Court in 15
Peters, 403. United States vv. Bank of Metropolis.
" Persisting in his demand for redress, Chorpenning
presented his petition to Congress, claiming that the
actof 18,"'7had been improperly construed, and pray-
ing for the passage of such a joint resolution or act
as would require the Postmaster General, or other
accounting officer, to adjust and setfle his claim
under the act of Congress passed for his relief, and
upon the basis and lerms allowed therein, and also
to adjust and settle his claims growing out ot non-
compliance with and final annulment of his last
contract upon such terms as may be deemed honor-
able, just, and equitable."
Thereupon Congress passed the joint reso-
lution ot' July 1-5, 1870, hereinbefore recited.
Proceeding to execute the legislative will to
the best of my ability, I find that I am directed
by law—
1. To allow a pro rata increase of compen-
sation for the distance by San Pedro, for the
service to Carson's Valley, and for sach part
of the eastern mail as was carried by Califor-
nia during all the time when said services were
performed ;
2. To confine myself in making such allow-
ances to the affidavits and proofs on file in the
House of Representatives ; and
3. To investigate and adjust the claims of
Chorpenning, under the first section of the act
of 1857, on the basis of the annual compensa-
tion of $30,000 for the regular service.
To each of these provisions of law I shall
•endeavor to conform.
The first contract of Woodward and Chor-
penning, bearing date on 11th of April 1851,
was for carrying mails on route No. 50GG, from
Sacramenio to Salt Lake and back once a
month, at $1-1,000 per year, during the term
commencing lOih May, 1851, and ending 30th
June, 1854. During the term of this contract,
ltappears from the testimony that certain extra
services were performed, and should be allowed
for. as follows:
First item. Pro rata increase of compensa-
tion for the additional distance traveled in car-
rying regular mails from Sacramento to Salt
Lake, via San Pedro.
The report of the congressional committee,
and the testimony of Frank Chorpenning, who
had charge ofclaunant's business in California,
establish the fact that lhe mails between Sac-
ramenio and Salt Lake were carried by way
of San Diego for the mouths of March, 185:2.
January, Febiuary, March, November, and
December, 1853; Januaiy, February, March,
and Apiil, 1854, and that the distance was
thereby increased from nine hundred and ten
to fourteeu hundred and ten miles in each
direction.
The distance between Salt Lake and Sacra
memo is shown to be nine hundred and ten
miles by the affidavits of Prank Chorpenning
and Irwin Pile. (See evidence for claimant
in United States Court of Claims, being a
primed copy ot the affidavits and proofs on file
in the House of Representatives at, the time of
the passage of the act of March 3, 1857, pages
38, 48, and 60.)
The regular monthly pay being fixed by law
at $2.500 lor a service of nine hundred and
ten miles, I he pro rata increase for a service of
fourteen bundled and ten would be $51,373 Gli
per month, thus making the increase for ten
months $13.735 20.
Second item. Special supply of o'ffice of
Carbon's Valley.
While the regular mails between Sacramento
and Salt Lake were carried via San Pedro, the
Carson's Valley office was supplied for several
mcnihs by special service from Sacramento.
The postmaster at Sacramento (page 71) cer-
tifies that George Chorpenning received and
delivered the mails from Sacramento to Car-
sou's Valley from December 1, 1853, to 31st
March, 1854; also received a tnail at Sacra
meuto from Carson's Valley on the 21st of
August, 1854. The postmaster at Carson's
Valley (page 72) certifies that the mail from
Sacramento was delivered at Carson's Valley
on the 17th of December, 1853, and was taken
away from Carson's Valley for Sacramento on
23d December, 1853 ; that it was delivered on
28th January, 1854, and taken away on the
1st February, 1854; that it was delivered on
the 17th February, 1854, and taken away on*
the 24th E'ebruary, 1854 ; that it was delivered
on 26th March," 1854, and taken away on the
1st April, 1854; and that he received the tnail
from Sacramento on 26th August, 1854, thus
proving a service for four and a half months.
The distance from Sacramento to Carson's
Valley is shown to be one hundred and eighty
miles by the testimony of Prank Chorpenning
and Irwin Pile, (page 84 ) The annual pay
from Salt Lake to Sacramento being $30,000,
the monthly pay would be $2,500, and the pro
rata pay from Sacramento to Carson's Valley
would be $494 50 per month. At this rate the
compensation fur four and a half months would
be $2,225 25.
Third item,. Transportation of the eastern
maitover the direct route from Salt Lake to
California.
The testimony of Prank Chorpenning (page
37,) shows that the eastern mail for the month
of December, 1852, was carried over the direct
route from Salt Lake to Sacramento; "that
the increased weight of those extra or Inde-
pendence mails was usually from live to ten
hundred pounds, sometimes requiring a wagon
for their transportation ; that he recollects on
one occasion it required six additional mules
to carry the eastern or Independence tnail,
and that the tnail property belonging to route
No. 50G6 was generally carris#i on pack-mules,
and never exceeded one hundred and littv
pounds in weight." it is conceded on the
above testimony that the average weight of
the eastern mail was seven hundred and fifty
pounds. But an attempt is made by the coun-
sel for the claimant to prove the average weight
of the regular mail to be only one hundred
and twelve and a half pounds, atid the testimony
of James B. Leach (page 21) is relied upon
foi that purpose. Upon referring to Leach's
affidavit, it is manifest that his testimony does
not relate to the service in 1853, but to the
years 1854 and 1855, and hence should be
treated as not applicable to this item. ^ That
the fair average of the regular service in De-
cember, 1852, was one hundred and twenty-
five pounds is sufficiently established, in my
opinion, by the facts that no exception was
taken to the action of Postmaster General
Brown, who fixed the average at one hundred
and twenty five pounds, and that the claimant
himself, in his statement afterward filed in the
Department, based his calculations upon that
weight.
Taking one hundred and twenty five pounds
as the proper average for the regular mail, and
$1,250 as the compensation for a halt trip,
it follows that the amount to be awarded for
carrying seven hundred and fifty pounds of
extra matter one half trip over the regular
rouie of nine hundred and ten miles is $7,500.
Fourth item. Transportation of eastern mail
from Salt Lake via San 1'edro.
On the testimony before cited, the jpro rata
increase of pay for carrying seven hundred
and fifty pounds of eastern mails from Salt
Lake to Sau Pedio and San Diego in January.
February, March, and December,^ 18o3, and
January, February, and March, 1854, making
seven half tnpSi equivalent to three and a
half months, at $30,000 per annum, or $2,500
per month for currying one hundred and twen-
ly-five pounds of regular matter, would be
$52,500.
One of the counsel for Chorpenning also
claims under this item lhe sum of $32,051 28
for the transportation of the eastern mail over
five hundred miles increased distance, from
San Pedro to Sacramento, and ho attempts to
support his claim by the testimony of Frank
Chorpenning. In my judgment, there is noth-
ing in his affidavit to sustain this demand. He
does not say that these extra mails were "car-
ried by him to Sacramento via San Pedro."
He says they were carried to California, and
this language is ratified by leaving the eastern
mails at San Pedro or San Diego, for the
steamer to carry them eastward by way of the
Isthmus. If tliey had been taken to Sacra-
mento it would have been necessary to bring
them back to San Francisco for shipment.
Steamers in the employ oT the Government
were obliged to stop at San Diego, and I have
no doubt that the eastern mails were landed
and received at that point. I therefore reject
theclaim for transportation of the eastern mails
between San Pedro and Sacramento.
The second contract was executed by George
Choi-penning, on the 23d April, 1854, and pro-
vided for transporting the mails on route No.
12J01, from Salt Laketo San Diego and back,
once a month, at $12,500 per year, during the
term commencing 1st July, 1854, and ending
30th June, 1858.
The extra services during this term were as
follows:
Fifth Hem. Transportation of the eastern
mail between San Diego and Salt Lake, frotn
July 1, 1854, t.0 June 30, 1855.
Under this item an allowance is claimed of
$30,000. and the letter of Smith, postmaster
at Salt Lake, (page 17,) is relied upon to sub-
stantiate it. After reading Smith's statement
there can be no doubt of lhe correctness of
this claim. I therefore allow $30,000.
Sixth item. Transportation of the eastern
mail between San Diego and Salt Lake, be-
tween July 1, 1855, and January 1, 1857.
In adjusting this item, I have been some-
what perplexed by the uncertain and appar-
ently contradictory nature of the "affidavits
and proof's." The principal questions of fact
to be settled are, first, was the eastern mail
carried both ways, that is, frotn Salt Lake to
San lJiego as well as from San Diego to Salt
Lake? And, secondly, what are the proper
averages of the weight of the regular and extra
mails respectively?
As to the first of these questions, I am of
opinion that the testimony is clear.
Frank Chorpenning states (page 37, cited
ante) that mails from Salt Lake to Independ-
ence, Missouri, and not belonging to the Salt
Lake and California route, were, owing to the
depth of snow and impassable condition of
ihe Independence road during the months of
December, 1852; January, February, March,
and December, 1853 ; January, February, and
March, 185-1, thrown upon the contractor ou
route No. 5066 to be carried by him to Cal-
ifornia, thereby subjecting him to heavy addi-
tional expense.
He makes no mention of any eastern mails
passing from California to SaltLake, but says
explicitly that they were ''to be carried to
California." On this showing, an allowance
has been made for transportation of the eastern
mail one way only during the months uatned
in 1852, 1853, and 1854.
John M. Ilockaday says in his affidavit,
dated 14-th June, 1856, (page 16,) that lie has
resided in Salt Lake in business during the
past four years ; that during the winter months
when the roads from there to the eastern or
Atlantic States are blocked up with snow, and
impassable, the mails ft)i* said states have gen-
erally been sent via San Francisco, California,
over Mr. Chorpenning's route; that in Jan-
uary, 1855, he passed over said route to Cal-
ifornia in company with the mail train, and
that they carried at that time some eastern
mail; that during the past winter almost the
entire ea.ster nor in dependence mail was carried
