1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1517
country, this did not mean so much as appeared
on paper. He carried a message from Pres-
ident Grant to New England that there should
be no ascending scale in the appropriations for
expenditures of the Government hereafter. In
order to sustain our chairman, as every mem-
ber on the committee desired to do in good
faith, we had to cut down these estimates
somewhere, and for want of accurate inform-
ation on some matters we did it at random
and cut too low. The result of all this was,
as I predicted would be the case, that we had
to bring in a large deficiency bill in order to
make up what we failed to appropriate last
year.
But, sir, the effect of cutting down in this
■way at random was to carry elections in some
of the States, and therefore I suppose that my
friend from Tennessee would say that it served,
in that regard, a good purpose. They carried
those elections, however, hoodwinking the peo-
ple by makiDg them believe that the Repub-
lican party was economical in its administra-
tion of the Government. We are now paying
the penalty for what he did to produce this
effect. As I predicted, we have before us a
large deficiency bill. We did not appropri-
ate as much as the Departments thought they
ought to have, but only as much as we thought
they could do with, without manifesting too
plainly that we cut down the appropriations
lower than was demanded by the wants of the
public service.
Mr. Speaker, there is but one way in which
we can retrench the public expenditures so as
to bring them below what they were last year,
or even to bring them down to anything like
what we appropriated last year; and that is
by abolishing a great many of the offices which
now are provided for by law and cutting off
by law many of those expenditures which are
authorized and which the Departments must
estimate for and ask us to appropriate for as
long as the laws are permitted to remain as they
now are. The Committee on Appropriations
have but little discretion in many respects.
They have to carry out existing laws. If they
do not carry out those laws by the regular
appropriation bills they must do it by deficiency
bills, as we are doing to-day. Therefore the
gentleman from Tennessee [Sir. Maynard] will
see how it was that we cut down the appropri-
ations in the random way we did last Congress.
There was then a political emergency and the
party in power had to resort to that sort of
thing. They did it, and they did it very suc-
cessfully. 1 hope the gentleman from Tennes-
see will not find fault with it, because I have
no doubt it resulted to his benefit in his own
district, as it resulted to the benefit of many
other gentlemen in other districts.
Mr. DAWES. I move to close debate on the
pending paragraph and amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being taken on Mr. Sargext's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-lights
on the Atlantic, TJalf, Lake, and Pacific coasts with
oil, wicks, glass chimneys, and cleaning materials,
and repairing and keeping in repair the illuminat-
ing apparatus and lamps, aud ail other necessary
expenses connected with the same, $20,000.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 move to amend by strik-
ing out "$20,000" and inserting " $50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing* removing, and supplying losses of buoys,
spindles, and day-beacons, and for chains, sinkers,
and other like necessaries, $25,000.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by striking
out "$25,000" and inserting " $100,000," to
correspond with the recommendations of the
Department. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio why the committee recommend
$25,000. On what authority or information
is anything recommended here?
Mr. LAWRENCE. On very much better in-
formation than the gentleman has who moves to
Strike out "$25,000" and insert "$100,000."
For that the gentleman from Maine has noth-
ing but the mere estimate of this Light-House
Board.
Mr. LYNCH, I would like to know on what
the committee bases the recommendation of
this appropriation of $25,000, unless it be
because it is recommended by this Light-
House Board?
Mr. LAWRENCE. We all know very well
that estimates are sent in here with the expect-
ation that they will be cut down. And gen-
tlemen know that as regards each item the
Committee on Appropriations make all the
investigation they can. The appropriation pro-
posed in this paragraph is what the committee
after such investigation deems to be necessary-
Mr. LYNCH. I should like to know what
information the gentleman from Ohio has to
justify him in saying that $25,000 will be suf-
ficient.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Whenever an officer
fails to furnish the committee with information
in support of an estimate which is necessary
to satisfy the committee that what is estimated
is required it is fair to infer that the estimate
should be cut down.
Mr. LYNCH. The economy of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] in regard to
appropriations where human life as well as
property is involved reminds me of that of
the gentleman who when ill called on the
druggist for the cheapest pills he had for sale.
When the Committee on Appropriations pre-
sent bills to this House, based upon estimates
and recommendations of the Departments
under which the appropriations are to be ex-
pended, in which the estimates of the Depart-
ments are reduced from one half to three
fourths by the committee, they should be able
to give us some reasons for the reduction. And
when the Treasury Department ask $100,000
as the smallest amount necessary for maintain-
ing the lights on our coasts, and the commit-
tee reduce the amount to S25,000 without any
information other than the estimates of the
Department that anything is required, and
when neither the gentleman in charge of the
bill nor any other member of the committee
can give a reason for such reduction, I think
it safer to stand by the estimates of the Depart-
ment, which knows, than of the committee, who
of themselves know nothing of the matter.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The people in the dis-
trict of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lyxch]
who are in favor of cheap pills will be after him
at the next election if he goes for increasing
our expenditures in this way.
Mr. DICKEY. As regards this particular
item, the Secretary of the Treasury says that
$25,000 is inadequate. He said so to the
committee. If sufficient money is not voted he
i3 placed in the position of doing one of two
things: either of drawing money improperly
from the Treasury, an offense to be punished
by going to the penitentiary, or of allowing
our ships to run the risk of being wrecked for
the lack of light-house facilities. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has stated to the com-
mittee that $25,000 is not adequate for this
expenditure in keeping the light-houses in
order during the current year ; and when he
says so I am disposed to give him the means.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was on the amendment ; and
it was disagreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I now move to strike out
"25," and to insert "50," so as to make it
"$50,000."
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 49, noes 34; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawbexce
and Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-nine, noes not eounted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GAliFfELDE, of Washington. I offer
the following amendment, to come in at this
point in the bill:
For amount to pay expenses of Legislative Assem-
bly of Washington Territory per diem and mileage
to members, pay of officers, and printing for the
session commencing October, 1869, 59,129 91.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is not germane
at this part of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. There
is nothing about the Territories in this bill,
and as this is under the heading of "Treasury
Department," and this is a Treasury appro-
priation, I suppose it comes in properly here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the gentleman had better postpone it to a
subsequent part of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I am
willing to postpone it if I can be sure of getting
it in at the right place.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the right place would be at the end of the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I thought
that was the right place, .and I will withdraw
it and offer it then.
The Clerk read as follows:
Public printing:
For the public printing, $125,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
call the attention of the House to that para-
graph. I move to amend it by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That no printing shall be hereafter exe-
cuted but by written order from heads of Depart-
ments.
The expense of the public printing is now
very great, and a part of it arises from the
practice prevailing in the various Departments
of subordinate officers ordering printing to be
done. It is necessary that we should regulate
the matter, and make them responsible at least
to the heads of their Departments.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman should add
11 or by order of Congress."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I accept
that.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is right enough.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to insert the
following:
For contingent fund of the office of Congressional
Printer, §1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For payment of claim of Frank Kenyon for print-
ing the laws and journals of the Territory of Idaho,
and for incidental printing and paper, St,801 33.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order
on that amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is not authorized by
any law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a claim.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
rules that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Department of Justice:
To pay the chief clerk of the Departmenfcof Justice
while acting as disbursing clerk, tor the year ending
June 30,1871, $200.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make the point of
order that there is no law for that.
Mr. DAWES. All I have to say is that all
of the chief clerks in all the Departments and
bureaus, while they act as disbursing clerks,
have allowed them $200. This clerk has acted
last year in that capacity, and it is represented
to me that he ought to have $200, like the rest.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
The chief clerks never do receive the addi-
tional $200 for acting as disbursing clerk.
There is no instance where a chief clerk has
ever received such additional compensation.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the Chair decide
the point of order?
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
To refund to the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany moneys erroneously collected Iroiii them by
the American consul at Yokohama and Kanasawa.
$2,005 09.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
