1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1521
properly, the advertisements should be pub-
lished in more thai^ one paper, or allow them
to be published in papers in Maryland and Vir-
ginia, without putting them in a paper in this
city at all. I thought the gentlemen on this
side of the House- expected that a Democratic
Administration would come into power in
1872.
Mr. N1BLACK. It is expected. j
Mr. McKENZIE. It may be expected, but !
persons are sometimes mistaken in their ex- I
pectatiuns. These gentlemen were mistaken i
ill 1808, and they may be mistaken again. I
The question was taken on Mr. McKexzif/s j
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes |
twenty four, noes not counted. !
The Clerk read as follows: i
For temporary clerks, to be employed as occasion
may require. 610,000: and this and the three pre-
ceding items arc appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out the words, "and this
auu the three preceding items are appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not j
otherwise appropriated.'' j
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is no objection j
to that; those words ought to be stricken out. i
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
And so much of thefirstscct'.onoftheaet approved
July 12.1S70, as states the total sum ot thcappropri-
otions for compensation of the Postmaster General.
Assistants, superintendents, chicle of division, chief
clerk,clerks, me^sengeis, assistants, folders, firemen,
watchmen, and laborers, is hereby corrected, and. in
lieu of the sum there stated, declared to be $354,800,
which is Ine true total sum of the specific appropri-
ations tor the above-recited purposes, more fully set
forth in said act, and shall be so construed,
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just read "For prepa-
ration of the Post Office Directory for 1870,
$1,20(1" I believe there will be no objection
lo that amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have consented to allow that
amendment, to be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To supply deficieccies in the revenue of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending June
80,1871, payable out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated. Si,685,032, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a pretty large
item, and I would like to have the gentleman
in charge of this bill [Mr. Lawrexce] state
why it is that so large a deficiency is called for.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I can explain it. In
the appropriation bill of last year, making
appropriations for the current year, appropri-
ations were made for the Post Office Depart-
ment out of the revenues of that Department,
in anticipation of the repeal of the franking
privilege, and upon the theory announced in
the report of the Postmaster General that the
repeal of the franking privilege would enable
him to carry on the Department without any
appropriation from the Treasury, and merely
from the revenues of the Department. It turns
out that we did not abolish the franking priv-
ilege, inasmuch as my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] and others were opposed to
it. And now it becomes necessary to make
up out of the Treasury the deficiency neces-
sary to carry on that Department. 1 may say,
however, that we have annually, for a num-
ber of years, since the war and also before
the war, always made appropriations out of
the Treasury to supply deficiencies in this
Department. The revenues of the Department
were not sufficient to carry on the Department,
except., I believe, during the years of the war
when the postal service in the southern States
was cut off, which was not a seif-sustaining
service; while the postal service of the north-
ern States did pay the expenses of carrying on
that Department. That is the reason why this
deficiency is now so gieat.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 understand the gen-
tleman lo cay that in the regular Post Office
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 9G.
appropriation bill for the current year there
was no appropriation made for this purpose
whatever.
Mr. LAWRENCE. None out of the Treas-
ury ; only out of therevenues of the Post Office
Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. And this sum is all that
is asked to carry on the Post Office Depart-
ment for the present year over and above the
revenues of the Department?
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is right.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department:
For the purchase of horses for the cavalry and
artillery, and Indian scouts, $200,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
ask the gentleman in charge of this bill [Mr.
Lawrence] if he is aware how much money
there is in this bill for deficiencies in the War
Department?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I can state to my friend
from New York [Mr. Biiooes] that by the
appropriation bill of July 12,1S70, all balances
on hand for this service were covered into the
Treasury. There was, therefore, no appro-
priation for that purpoge. And now we pro-
pose to make this appropriation to supply the
deficiency estimate sent in by the Secretary
of he Treasury, which will be found in House
Executive Document No. 17, of this ses-
sion. The estimate of the War Department
was "for horses for cavalry and artillery,
$500,000." We have cut it down to §200,000.
And I will say that that amount is not larger
than the average amount for a number of years
back ; that it is a little less.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have as yet
proposed no amendment. I ^propose now to
move to strike out this clause, for the purpose
of saying that the deficiencies in this bill for
the Army amount to nearly four million dol-
lars : as I compute them, to $3,700,000 and
something over. The amount appropriated for
the Army last year was nearly thirty million
dollars : with these deficiencies making about
thirty-lour million dollars as the expense of
the Army for the present fiscal year. In my
judgment, these extraordinary expenditures
have arisen in a great degree from the mis-
appropriation of the Army $ from its misdirec-
tion to purposes civil rather than to purposes
military ; by ordering the troops into various
States, not. to fight Indians, not to contend
with a foreign enemy, but for local and, as I
said the other day, for electioneering purposes.
I call the attention of the House and of the
country to what once would have alarmed
both the House and the country, but which
seems no longer to alarm anybody, that
there is an enormous deficiency, approaching
$4,000,000, expended without any authority
of law, iu contravention of law, for purposes
not recognized by law, and in opposition to
the whole spirit and intent of the Constitution
of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.] «
Mr. DICKEY. The statement of a very few
facts will destroy all that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] has imagined, not
what lie knows, in reference to this deficiency.
Last year, for the first time in the history of
this Government, the Congress of the United
States, under the lead of the Committee on
Appropriations, determined that the appro-
priations for each year should be kept distinct,
separate, and apart from the appropriations
of every other year.
The estimates of last year for the support of
the Army were based upon the thenexisting
balances to the credit of the several items of
appropriation. On the loth of July last we
ordered all these balances to be covered into
the Treasury; and, of course, the appropria-
tion based upon estimates of existing balances
was deficient. The money that was relied
upon, the existing balances to the credit of
appropriations for horses for cavalry and artil-
lery, clothing and equipage, Army contingen-
cies, &c., were all covered into the Treasury,
and thus a deficiency was created. This
answers all the gentleman has said as to the
matter of fact.
Again, the Congress of the United States
chose to reduce the Army of the United States,
the rank and file of it, some ten thousand men,
and the officers in proportion. And they chose,
very properly and very honestly, and very
righteously and honorably to themselves and
honorably to the country, to pay the officers
who were retired or who voluntarily resigned
one year's pay from the 1st of Jauuary. That,
of course, makes six months' pay for each
officer retired or resigned, in addition to the
amount estimated for. So these deficiencies
have been created, not by any increase, but by
way of bounty or reward to those officers, six
months' pay to each one of them to come out
of the appropriation for the current fiscal year.
None of this money, I apprehend, has been
improperly used ; this is the first time I have
heard any suspicion of such a thing intimated.
No election has been interfered with by the
Army, that I have ever heard. No man in
this country who had a right to vote has been
deprived of that right. Only those who vote
early and often and vote unrighteously in the
city of New York, as has been the case there
time out of mind, have been interfered with
and prevented from voting; and there is where
the shoe pinches.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. DAWES. I move that all debate on
the pending paragraph be now closed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my motion to strike out the paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the purchase and manufacture of clotking
for the Army, and for camp and garrison equipage,
$200,000.
Mr. BROOKS; of New York. I move to
strike out this paragraph, for the purpose of
saying one word in reply to the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dioxey.]
Let me tell that gentleman that the very first
lesson the city of New York ever learned of
corruption in politics and at the ballot-box
was learned from his own city, Philadelphia, by
the importation or rather the exportation of
voters senj from Philadelphia to New York.
Mr. RANDALL. And I desire to say, with
the leave of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] that £ am a living witness to the
lact that United States marines were brought
to the polls in my district, without any author-
ity of law, and without any request of the
Governor of the State, as provided by the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. DICKEY. After I have done with the
gentleman from New York I will talk with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
they who attempt to educate us, or educate
my city, in reference to what they deem polit-
J ical sins, should save their reproaches for them-
selves. The great State of Pennsylvania has
been capable of more iniquity in elections than
any other State in the whole country. There-
fore, let me tell the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] to save the re-
proaches he intended for New York for his
own State and for his own party, which has
corruptly used the Army for the purpose of
carrying the elections in their favor. Let him
save them for the State of Arkansas, where the
Federal Government is now using the military.
Let him save them for their system of recon-
struction and for the reconstructed States,
where, as we all know, it is almost next to
impssible to have a fair election because ot
this interference on the part of the Executive
by means of the Army of the United btates.
thus vindicating and justifying the action of
the Democratic party in its votes. The con-
sequence is that it is almost impossible to
have an election in the Republican party which
is satisfactory to any considerable portion of
its constituents. [Laughter.] Tbev have used
the Army in one form and another in certain
