APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
Senate.
Senators from Georgia—Mr. Saulsbury.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
your sainted, martyred President, that you could
reconstruct a State ; that you had anything to
say or do about the readmission of a State into
the Union or the reconstruction of a State?
I call upon the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts to answer me. Was it or was
it not the doctrine of Abraham Lincoln's
administration that all the southern people
had to do was to lay down their arms and
their representatives could resume their seats
in these Halls? Do I state falsely, or do I
state truly? I challenge you, one and all, to
answer me. Was not that the doctrine of
your Administration and of your God-given
chief, as you esteemed him?
Mr. President, hearing no response, I as-
sume that that was the doctrine before you re-
ceived these new lights. After announcing such
a principle as that as a cardinal principle of
your political faith, 1 challenge you, when and
ivhere did you get these new lights, and where
did they come from? Our Republican friends
found themselves suddenly, by what I always
considered a very perfidious act to the repre-
sentatives of the border States, by the seces-
sion of a certain number of States from Con-
gress, in the possession of political power.
They did not know how to wield it. Set a
beggar astride a horse and he will ride to the
devil, [laughter;] and they were just in that
predicament.
They wanted more light. They had the
strong minded women and the weak-minded
men to look to. But that was not sufficient,
and they looked to Africa. They §aw an ele-
ment in this country which they called "our
American citizens of African descent." They
wanted to manage the elections and retain
their power. They wanted a larger supply of
brains than they had in the management of
governmental affairs; and that is where they
got their light from.
I certainly do not mean any disrespect to
any gentleman personally. I am treating of
things as historic facts; and you know, sir,
that you came into the Vice Presidency on that
hobby-horse. [Laughter.] There is no jier-
Bonal allusion iu that; I am speaking of some-
body outside of this Chamber, not the present
occupant of the Chair, when I say '"you."
You wanted brains. You had not them in your
Own body of white men; but you found an
element that had them.
Sir, I do not mean to say, although you are
the all-godly and all-morality party in this
country, that, alter the pattern of the disciple,
you went out into the by-ways and hedges to
hunt up the subjects of salvation. You were
not looking for salvation at all; you were
looking for brains, [laughter,] and you found
them ; and where did you find them? You
summoned all your chiefs together and con-
sulted with them, "What shall we do in this
hour of our catastrophe? These despised
Democrats have got more brains than we have,
and who has got the brains to supply our lack
of brains?" Some kind friend suggested,
" There are a'great many negroes in this coun-
try ; consult the negroes, and they will supply
the brains." You summoned the negroes and
you swore them into your lodges, and they
give you whatever brains you have got.
Sir, all this will not last longer than 1872,
when this country will raise aloft the banner
of that gallant and noble soldier who upon
many a field has shown his devotion to his
country, at the same time claiming that the
military power should always be subject to the
civil authority, that gallant, glorious name,
Winfield Scott Hancock, the standard-bearer
of thf Democratic party in 1872. On many
a field he has shown his devotion to duty as a
soldier. In the administration of his office
he has shown himself to be faithful and true
to the civil authority. No writ was ever served
upon him that he did not return an answer to
and ask the court out of which that writ issued
what he should do. He has obeyed every
mandate of the courts; and the'American
people, instead of having a military chieftain
who can squat down and starve out and have
killed more men than his enemies had before
him, occupy the presidential chair, will put in
that place a man who, though he be a warrior,
is yet a civilian ; who knows no law except
the law of his country; who knows no duty
except his duty as a military officer, and holds
that subordinate to that great, grand judicial
writ which issues from the temple of justice
for the relief of the humblest citizen in the
land ; a man who receives 110 presents ; a
man who never enriched himself because he
had been a military officer ; a man who, when
elected in 1872 to that high place by the
voice of his countrymen, will never have even
received a pup upon whose hinder parts is
inscribed,This pup taken in exchange for an
office given by the Executive."
Mr. President, I am requested not to con-
sume time. I have been for two days anxious
to get a vote. I have not opened my mouth
except for the purpose of asking a question ;
but let the vote come to-night or"to-morrow,
this week or the next, matters not to me. There
never was a more important question presented
to the American fieople than the question which
is presented to-day, because the great underly-
ingprincipleis this: shall the peopleof aState,
through their chosen representatives, select a
man to represent them in this body, or wiltyou
undertake to say that they shall not for the
simple reason that they have not conformed
to your unconstitutional reconstruction acts?
What is reconstruction? I have discussed
that question too often in this body to weary
the patience of the Senate again upon it; but
when presented to the mind of a lawyer or of
a historian what does it mean? In these days
when statesmen are made in newspapers and
magazines, it is very easy to answer. It was
my misfortune to have been born before this
doctrine was inaugurated; it was my misfor-
tune to have read somewhat of the writings
of the master minds of my country before such
a thing was uttered by any respectable man.
It is hard for us to forget what we have
learned in our youth. The question that I pro-
pounded to my -honorable friend from West
Virginia [Mr. Boreman] indicated that I was
born, perhaps, before he ever thought about
what law was. I propounded to him a ques-
tion as to the powers of a do facto govern-
ment, and what rights it could and could not
exercise. But, sir, I am getting a little old
now, and the lessons of youth are hard to
eradicate, and 1 learned my lessons in the law
from such men as Kent and Story and the
host of great lights who have illuminated the
legal world. I have no doubt they are with
me now. There is a gentleman in this Cham-
ber, upon whom my eyo rests at this moment,
who I know can understand legal principles
and a legal argument; and I have no doubt
that every gentleman in this Chamber under-
stands and appreciates a legal argument; but
I am sorry to say that many of you do not act
as if you did. [Laughter.]
What is reconstruction? Where did you get
the power; who gave you the authority to re-
construct a State ? We were sent here by the
power of the States. Why? Because ourStates
confederated. They drew a bond called the
Constitution of the United States—I guess it
is unparliamentary to mention that, and there-
fore 1 call it a bond—by which the States
agreed to live in peace and harmony with
each other upon certain conditions.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 wish to inquire "whether
the honorable Senator will give way for a
motion to go into executive session,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I -will yield to take a
vote. Will my friend agree to take a vote?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly. I think we are
all ready to take a vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If that is generally
understood, I will yield, because I do not wish
to entertain the Senate; but if this discussion
is to go on, I shall finish my remarks, because
I have as yet only given you the introduction
to the primer, the a b c's. [Laughter.] I
shall give you the a b ab's, and then we shall
get to one syllable, then to two syllables, then
to three syllables, and perhaps we shall get to
four syllables before we have doue. [Laugh-
ter.] I will yield if it be the general under-
standing that we are to take a vote; if not, I
will go on. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator yields
for a vote, I ask that the resolution be reported
to the Senate with the amendment, and in the
mean time the pages can call in the absent
Senators.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will not yield unless
there is a distinct understanding of the Senate,
which must not be violated, that a vote shall
be taken, and nothing said by anybody; other-
wise, I shall claim the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to make an ex-
planation 
Mr. SAULSBURY. If my friend is going
to take time I must continue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware continues in the occupation of
the floor, as he yields only on condition that a
vote be taken, and not otherwise.
Mr. STEWART. I will not consent to any
such understanding. I want to give a little
explanation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will yield upon that
condition; but if it is violated, I claim the
right that you, sir, as Presiding Officer, shall
grant me the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not give the floor to the Senator front Dela-
ware if he resumes his seat and any other Sen-
ator claims it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I will stand on
my feet, if that is necessary. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to occupy
any time, but 1 desire to call attention to a
misapprehension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada objects, and the Senator from
Delaware will therefore proceed with his re-
marks to their conclusion.
Mr. SAULSBURY, (to Mr. Stewart.) Will
you agree, sir, to take a vote without any
explanation?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not I who object,
it is the Senator from Nevada. Sir, I am not
going to follow his argument. He has spoken
a great deal on this subject. He has reminded
me of a great many anecdotes that I might
tell if they comported with the dignity of the
body and the propriety of the occasion. I
suppose he thinks that in much talking there
is great wisdom. [Laughter.]
I was inquiring, sir, when I was interrupted,
and when I would gladly have yielded the
floor for a vote, who gave you the power to
reconstruct a State? Where did you get that
authority? Areyougods? Are you supreme?
Did you make God's universe? Did you set
in motion the laws which whirl in its orbit
every planet that shines so beautifully by night?
I believe in your great illumination you think
you could draw the parallax of the sun. I
have no doubt you think you could draw the
parallax of the most distant orb which by the
minutest magnifying power can be descried.
You are but mortals. You live to-day and
you pass away; but while you do live there
are vast, momentous questions that devolve
upon you, and you are bound to be faithful
to the great trusts which the people repose
in your hands, looking to the interests not
merely of the present but of the unborn mil-
