1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
sections of the country, so that they have
almost destroyed the right of the suffrage.
They have almost produced revolution and
civil war among their own people, as in Ark-
ansas. But enough of that.
Mr. Speaker, we appropriated $30,000,000
last year for the Army of the U nited States. The
records of the Congressional Globe show over
and'over again what the heads of that party
say in reference to the reduction of the Army.
We are told this year, by way of boast, that
we have reduced the expenses of the Army in
the last appropriation bill $2,000,000; but,
sir, the Value of that reduction is to be seen
in the deficiency of $4,000,000 in the bill now
before the House. What I wish to call the
attention of the House and the country to is
the fact that an appropriation bill no longer
shows what are the real expenditures for the
Army of the United States. Year after year
we have these deficiency bills. These increased
expenditures over the appropriations made in
the Army appropriation bill, these deficiencies
of $4,000,000, are rendered necessary because
of the unauthorized employment by the Presi-
dent of the United States of that Army for
irregular electioneering purposes. Before this
existing Administration itwas not found neces-
sary to employ the United States Army in the
collection of taxes. Not only in the recon-
structed States, but in the city of New York
and in the neighboring city of Brooklyn, as
well as in Pennsylvania, where a posse comi-
tatus would answer all the purposes of the
revenue officers, they have called out the ma-
rines at the navy-yard and the Army of the
United States at a great expense to the Gov-
ernment. All that was necessary, in order
to execute the laws of the United States, was
for the United States marshal to show himself
with a posse of nine or ten men. That course
would have had more influence in executing
the laws of the United States in the city of
Brooklyn than ridiculously calling out a regi-
ment of the United States Army to be laughed
at by the mob, to be hooted at, creating any
, other than a feeling of sympathy for the Gov-
ernment of the United States which would
resort to the use of the Army for such pur-
poses. The marshal of the United States with
his posse comitatus would have received the
greatest rebpect; if need be, he could have
had twenty thousand men to be added to his
posse comitatus for the purpose of carrying
out the laws without calling upon the Army
of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to close debate.
The motion was disagreed to. *
Mr. SARGENT. I have no desire to pro-
long this debate, and would not, were it not
for the fact that the other day, when I made
some remarks with reference to the employ-
ment of military force by Andrew Johnson at
the request of the Democratic Governor of my
own State, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] took direct issue with me on certain
propositions in relation to his own city, wherein
1 charged repeaterism and fraud on his party.
I hold in my hand a piece of evidence of the
most excellent character, proving all that I
then said, and showing that in the elections in
the city of New York there is a necessity for
some restraining force to protect the polls. I
have here a copy of the New York Evening
Free Press, which flies at its head as its
candidate for the next Presidency, Senator
Thurman, of Ohio, and as its candidate for the
Vice Presidency, Mr. Adams, the recently
defeated Democratic candidate for Governor
of Massachusetts. It is a Democratic paper
of large circulation, and I hope influence.
This Democratic paper, as will be seen when
the extract I have marked is read, rebukes in
the very strongest terms the infamous ring
which controlled the elections in that city,
until the power of the United States was inter-
posed, and shows that Democratic frauds there
Lave been gigantic and overwhelming, and it
welcopies the intervention of the Government
as the only means to put' down corruption
and secure for the people an honest choice of
their Representatives.
The Clerk read as follows:
"0/ all evils choose the least.—It may be, as some
over-zealous sticklers for theoretical freedom say,
anti-democratic to advocate the armed supervision
of elections in this city, but we doubt it. We can-
not conceive of anything in practice more anti-
democratic than the corruption of the ballot-box.
If the parity of ejections cannot be preserved by
easy methods, let it be maintained and secured by
the most stringent measures. If bayonets will not
suffice to prevent the will of the people from being
defeated by thieves, ruffians, perjurers, and place-
seekers, we say plant batteries at the polls and use
them. Ho honest citizen cares arush about meeting
soldiers at his voting place if they are discovered
t9 be necessary to this prevention of his vote being
either thrown aside or fraudulently counted in favor
of the candidates against whom he easts it. Every
good citizen, whatever may be his party, will rejoice
at the adoption of any method by which the frauds
which have become a system in our elections here
can be stopped. •
' " For several years these frauds have become so
gigantic, so overpowering, and so thoroughly well
understood and comprehended, that decent men
have refrained from voting, knowing thatthey would
expend the time and trouble needful in so doing for
nothing, and to no purpose. What bribery, repeat-
ing, ruffianly violence, irnlse registry, and whisky
were unable to wholly accomplish, wholesale swin-
dling in canvassing has completed, and thus both the
city and the State have been given over into the
possession of the four unprincipled rascals who are
now known the world over as the New York 'ring.'
These men have organized their corrupting machin-
ery so skillfully that nothing short of Federal inter-
ference with it, and that by force of arms, can defeat
its infamous purposes. Were an honest vote cast
here, honestly canvassed, thesemenwouldnot retain
their usurped powers twenty-fbur hours, and we
slmuld be saved not only from the deep disgrace of
being ruled by them,butfrom beingannually robbed
of millions of dollars. Will any respectable citizen
disinterestedly say that it is contrary to the spirit,
intent, and province of a republican Government to
adopt the only means left forgetting a fair acknowl-
edgment of the will of the voters of this eity? We
have no hope in the State authorities for protection.
They are the instrumentsof the'ring/andowe their
places and power to the very frauds they should be
the first to deprecate and overthrow. The police are
a large felloe in the * ring's' great balance-wheel, and
we can look to them for anything but aid in this
extremity.
" If a band of cut-throats and burglars were to
come into this city, and it were found that the local
authorities could not, or would not, save the com-
munity at large from thcirunlawful violence and ap-
propriations, would any one of any political party
object to calling on United States troops to suppress
them, and base that objection upon such grounds as
sustain the objections to Federal interterence with
elections in the city of New York ? We think not.
And yet how much the more valuable to a good citi-
zen is his right to vote as he pleases, and his interest
to have that vote properly accounted for, than a few
of his goods or a temporary peril to his person.
"We must have either a Federal election law, or
before a great while we shall bc compclled to right
our wrongs, or at least put an end to them by recourse
to a law which would be still more 'oppressive,'
'infamous,'and ' unconstitutional,'namely, the law
administered by Judge Lynch. The question em-
braced in the Federal election law which disturbs
the ring was debated when the adoption of the Con-
stitution was under consideration. In No. 59 of the
Federalist, Alexander Hamilton advanced argu-
ments in favor of such a law as follows."
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the balance
of the article which quotes from Alexander
Hamil(fin I will publish with my remarks, be-
cause it would absorb all my time to read it.
Mr. COX. I object to the publication of
any such trash as that. They are no authority
at all.
Mr. SARGENT. The article is from a Dem-
ocratic paper published in the city of New
York, and bearing the names of two of your
most noted standard-bearers. I do not wonder
at the flutter that its ringing protests against
frauds raises on my left. If the gentleman
objects to Hamilton I will leave the extract
out, as I have no time to have it read.
Mr. COX. The gentleman had better take
care of his own city of San Francisco.
Mr. MORGAN. You cannot convert the
Free Press into a shield behind which to screen
President Grant from the indignation of free-
men. The Press being wrong does not make
Grant right. The people of America will not
allow a tyrant to strike down their liberties by
brute power.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope these interrup-
tions are not deducted from my time. The
gentleman can speak after I get through. It
will take you more time ^o explain all this
away than I can spare you. I have only a
moment more ; and will say that I am quite
willing to take care of San Francisco, and am
willing to have the same rule applied to San
Francisco as to New York whenever there is
the same necessity for it. The law is equal in
its operation.
Mr. MORGAN. The rule which the gen-
tleman would apply being military despotism
for both.
Mr. COX. Why doesthegentleman take such
an interest in New York ? Let him attend to
securing a fair ballot in his own city.
Mr. SARGENT. The same rule should
apply everywhere. I would protect the ballot
by every means necessary for that purpose;
and the people will sustain the President in cor-
recting frauds so gross that even the Demo-
cratic press not utterly corrupt denounce them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. My time has been occu-
pied by noisy interruptions, and I ask to be
permitted to sayjust another word. I am asked
why I take an interest in the elections in New
York city. I answer, because our Presidents
are chosen by an Electoral College, of which
New York elects a part; and if there are such
gigantic frauds as this paper exposes in the
selection of electors they vitiate the whole elec-
tion, and may impose upon the people a Pres-
ident against their will as bad as the influence
electing him. New York also sends here men
upon the floor of Congress to vote down the
men who are elected honestly by the country.
They send men elected by the infamous means
which have been resorted to at these elections
to defeat the will of the nation, and perhaps
throttle it in its hour of extremity.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. COX rose.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to close debate
on the pending paragraph.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 wish to say a few words
before that is done.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I withdraw the motion
to close debate, that my colleague on the com-
mittee may be heard.
Mr. DICKEY. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of saying a word- or two in refer-
ence to the charge brought by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] with regard to
the employment of the Army. I do not pro-
pose to go into the political discussion. But
the gentleman has complained of the use of
the Army to enforce the revenue laws of the
country. He stated, forgetful of the history
of this country, that it was a proceeding un-
known and unprecedented. I will say to the
gentleman that we have had two instances
of the Army being employed to enforce the
tax upon whisky. One was in Pennsylvania,
Washington being required to send an army
through the Alleghany mountains to suppress
what is known as the "whisljy insurrection" of
Pennsylvania. And the other case is in the
whisky-drinking neighborhood of New York,
where the President has been occasionally
compelled to send a small army to enforce the
revenue laws.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. And these revenue
laws will always be resisted as long as they
remain what they are.
Mr. DICKEY. I have no doubt of that.
It will always create a riot in New York to
stop the supplies and compel the people to
pay a tax on their whisky. Still, as the tax on
whisky is the law of the land, it will be
necessary to collect it as in other parts of the
country. The President of the United States
has enforced that law there, as it was clearly
his duty to. He did as Washington did. He
called on the Army of the United States to
assist the revenue officers of the Government
to collect the tax. And nowhere else in this
broad land has the love of whisky in this nine-
teenth century so developed itself as to lead
to rebellion against the law as in the city of
New York.
