1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. COX. I do not like to state a point
against the Speaker, when he has ail the power.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is always glad
to hear suggestions.
Mr. COX. My colleague [Mr. Wood] ad-
dressed the Chair on his amendment and then
wiihdrew it. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McNeely] renewed the amendment and
spoke upon it. The gentleman on the. other
side spoke against it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McNeely] was, in the first place,
never entitled to the floor, except by assign-
ment from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.] who would not have obtained the
floor at the time if the Chair had known that
he desired it for the purpose of assigning it to
another member.
Mr. COX. Then the Chair rules me out on
account of my politeness.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's polite-
ness was not exercised toward the Chair.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I knew that
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I was a little
surprised when I heard the proposition to
strike out this appropriation of $5,000. If I
had heard a proposition to raise it to $100,000
I should have felt that it only implied in this
House a proper recognition of the importance
of the object in question. The gentleman from
New York tells us that this bureau has cost
us $20,000,000. Sir, for what was this bureau
established? It was to take care of five mil-
lion people who had been robbed from their
cradles to the hour when the American people
set them free. Those five million people were
turned out into the world homeless, with noth-
ing to live upon but that which they could
gather from charity or what they could earn
by such labor as. they could perform with their
hands tied by the ignorance that had been im-
posed upon them and their ancestors for more
than two centuries and a half.
But, sir, taking the statement of the gentle-
man" from New York as true, though I believe
the amount to be too large, what does it show ?
That these people have been taken from sla-
very into freedom, have been put upon their
feet, and are to-day living, acting citizens of
the Republic; and this has been accomplished
at a cost of four dollars for each individual.
According to the gentleman's own showing it
has cost but four dollars each to protect these
people from the time they were freed to this
hour; and now, after these people have been
robbed all their lives, objection is made here
to paying the paltry pittance of $5,000 to take
care of their deaf and dumb and blind in this
District. This is a specimen of the patriotism
which we find exhibited in an American Con-
gress in a time like this. I have no disposition
to reflect upon the integrity or the patriotism
of members; but I call the attention of the
country to the fact that but $5,000 is asked to
take care of the remnants of five million slaves
whom the gentlemen on the other side sought
to keep in slavery, and who were only rescued
by the strong arm of the people.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I renew the amend-
ment of the gentlemen from Illinois. I pre-
sume that there are some things which a gen-
tleman on this side of the House, exercis-
ing his prerogative as one of a constitutional
Opposition, can say without reproach from the
other side. Gentlemen on the other side do
not seem to understand that at this time there
are two parties in this country. They will find
it out on the 4th of March next, when we shall
be rtenforced by some sixty, eighty, or a hun-
dred additional members. I wish to say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
who has charged upon the Democratic side of
the House a malignant hatred to the negro,
that there is no such idea connected with our
opposition to the eleemosynary system pursued
by the Federal Government with reference to
the blacks of the South. I was the first mem-
ber of this House to oppose the bill for the estab-
lishment of the Freedmen's Bureau. When
that bill was presented by a member from New
Bedford, Massachusetts, (Mr. Eliot,) now, I
believe, deceased, we on this side of the House
opposed it conscientiously and fairly, because
it was ah infraction of our ideas of Federal
polity. We did not believe in converting the
Federal Government into a charitable institu-
tion for the benefit of either the blacks or the
whites.
We believe in keeping within the line of the
Constitution, within its well- defined and granted
powers. We never believed that the Federal
Government was instituted for the purpose
of charity,' and from the revelations which
have been made to the House by my honor-
able colleague [Mr. Wood] and by the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mc-
Neely] it is conclusive that the history of
the Freedmen's Bureau is rotten from top
to toe. I believe that any man, whether law-
yer or not, who examines the testimony will
find out that bureau has been used, in connec-
tion with the Army, for the prostitution of the
ballot-box, and to the injury and not for the
benefit of the negro race.
Now, sir, we have a tirade here against the
Democratic party by thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] Why do you not take
care of your own poor in Massachusetts? A
member on the other side of the House once
said that there were more people starving to
death in the poor-houses of your States than
were killed in the Crimean war. [Laughter.]
Why do you not take eaie of your own insane ?
Why do you not mind your own business?
[Great laughter.] Why do you not keep your
noses out of other people's business? [Laugh-
ter.] Why do you not look to it that the Fed-
eral Government hasonly thoserightsand pow-
ers which have been granted to it under the
Constitution and which are respected by the
States, while to the States are especially com-
mitted the care of the indigent? Gentlemen
have strange ideas in relation to the dividing
line between the States and the Federal Gov-
ernment.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that the Insane Asy-
lum of Massachusetts is a disgrace to human-
ity. It cries aloud to God. Heaven is sick
and earth is weary of the way in which these
Pharisees of Massachusetts are taking c£te of
their own insane and their own poor.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. The inmates of their
penitentiaries commit suicide in order to es-
cape starvation.
Mr. COX. You in Massachusetts sell your
own paupers. You starveyour criminals. You
are the worst governed State in this country.
[Great laughter.] Yet you read lectures to
other people, putting on the garments of
hypocrisy and commeuding your phylacteries
to the nation.
I want to oppose this bill without being in-
vidious. [Laughter.] Thegentleman on the
other side [Mr. Hoar] called attention to
the fact that the Democratic party was making
this opposition-. I wish to call attention, as
one of the Opposition here, to this deficiency
bill. Why these deficiencies? Why are not
the expenditures confined within the appro-
priations ?
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. COX. My friend knows that I have
only five minutes, and the Speaker is not so
kind to me to-day.
Mr. DAWES. You have been talking over
ten minutes now.
Mr. COX. If Massachusetts is to be de-
fended by anybody he ought to be that man;
but Troy was defended by her hero, and yet
Troy fell. Massachusetts is oozing out in many
ways, and the gentleman seems to know it.
[Laughter.] But I cannot speak of that here.
But I wish to go back to the gentleman who
has just risen, and ask him why it is that we
have $10,000,000 or more of these deficiencies?
Mr. DAWES. That is what I would tell
you in a minute if you would allow me.
Mr. COX. I do not believe the gentleman
could tell in a minute. I would not trust my
honorable friend to tell it in a minute. I
remember when he and I came to Congress,
in 1856, 1857, and 1858, that a "deficiency bill
never came in but to provide for an unforeseen
contingency. Now you allow your Executive
to run riot, to use the Army, and to spend
money just as he pleases.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That was
before you broke up the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. COX. I am responsible for dividing the
Committee of Ways and Means into three parts,
and I do not know but I ought to be reproached
for it. I beg pardon for having put the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts at the head of one
of the committees and his colleague at the
head of the other. We have all been tangled
since that lime. [Laughter.] I had hoped
that things would have grown better instead
of worse.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I have frequently noticed that
when a man has done or is about to do some-
thing sneaky he accompanies it with cursing
Massachusetts. The Democratic party, when
they were whipping women and selling little
children, the fruit of their own loins, into
slavery in the southern States, always under-
took to cover themselves from public attention
by cursing Massachusetts.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to a point of
order. I make the point of order that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is not discussing
the clause now before the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
insist on his point of order?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman has, perhaps,
reference to the fact that when the point of
order was raised against himself the Chair
ruled that, on the paragraph relating to the
Signal corps of the Army, the gentleman was
not in order in discussing the use of the Ai my
at elections. The Chair requests the gentle-
man not to renew the point, which the Chair
has a second time overruled.
Mr. EOAR. When the Democratic friends
of the gentleman from New York rose against
this Government and undertook to establish
one of their own on the corner-stone of sla-
very, all their papers and all their leaders
cursed Massachusetts. When they were resist-
ing the enfranchisement, against which, so far
as I know, every Democrat in this country
voted, of these four million slaves, they con-
tinued in one chorus to curse Massachusetts.
And now, as they ride masked and disguised
by night through the South to the hut of the
poor negro and take him from his bed to be
whipped and murdered because he is loyal,
and because he is black, their friends on this
floor seek to cover up and to divert attention
from those outrages by cursing Massachusetts.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
has said that, like Troy, of old. Massachusetts is
not defended on this floor to-day by her ablest
Representative. Let me say to that gentleman
that Troy did not need to put forward Hector
to defend her against an attack which was led
by Thersites. Mr. Speaker, the Republican
party in this country have undertaken a task
new to the statesmanship of the world, the
task of setting free and putting on their feet
four millions and a half of slaves, the task of
converting four millions and a half of chattels
into men, into Christians, into citizens, into
sovereigns; and they are not to be met by this
narrow, pettifogging, country attorney style
of carping at the legality of their acts.
The Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau was instructed by Congress to provide for
those men what would enable them as speed-
ily as practicable to become self-supporting
citizens of the United States, and by repeated
acts Congress instructed him to use all instru-
mentalities needful for that end; and espe-
