1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
with special reference to that portion of terri-
tory claimed by them under the treaty of 1835,
which the Indians set up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Shanks] on the Indian Committee
desires to submit an amendment to go with the
bill-
Mr. VAN HORN-. I agree to that.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] will be
considered as offered, and will be committed
with the bill, and printed.
Mr. JON liS, of Kentucky. I desireto know
if this legislation is approved by the Indians.
If 1 am not mistaken, I have seen it stated in
the newspapers, within the last few days, that
the Indians had held some convention of their
own. and had protested against this legislation
and were opposed to it, having framed a con-
stitution of their own. I wish to know if these
are the facts.
Mr. VAN HORN. I will answer the gen-
tleman, The Indians, at their recent conven-
tion, consented to the organization of thel'er-
ritory in accordance with the treaty of 1866.
They framed a constitution embodying the
form of government which they preferred, and
which differs from what is provided by this
bill simply in the organization of the execu-
tive and judicial departments. In all other
respects their constitution is in accord with
this bill.
The motion of my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Armstbong] is to recommit the
bill for the purpose of harmonizing its pro-
visions as far as possible, and, in the opinion
of the committee, is proper.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I merely wished
to know if the Indians had protested against
the proposed legislation.
Mr. BOYD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] whether his amend-
ment proposes to provide for a vote of ratifi-
cation by the Indians?
Mr. SHANKS. I will answer the gentle-
man by saving that I have submitted the con-
stitution adopted by those tribes in accord-
ance with the treaty of 1866, and the act of
July. 1870, authorizinga meeting of the Indian
council for that purpose. My amendment will
give effect to the constitution thus adopted by
the Indians themselves.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Akmstron'g] proposes to recom-
mit the bill, to be considered by the Commit-
tees on the Territories and on Indian Affairs
jointly, with leave to report back at any time
after February 2.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe such amotion
requires unanimous consent.
The S P E A K E R. It does.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the present state of
the business of the session I canuot consent
that these committees shall be permitted to
report this bill at any time.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would suggest that they
have leave t."o report in the morning hour.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I accept that sugges-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I would feel bound to object
to giving the committees leave to report after
the morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM. In my judgment, when the
two committees have considered this bill
jointly, after the discussion which the House
has already given it, the House, when the bill
is reported back, will require very little time
to dispose of it. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bexjam t] will not interpose
fin objection, but will refrain from using too
rigldiy the privilege by which one individual
ran prevent this arrangement. It will cer-
tainly facilitate business to give the bill to
these two committees, so that there may be
no contrariety in the House when it comes
back again.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
the two committees considering the bill and
perfecting it, but I do not know that this is of
such importance that it must overshadow all
the other important bills on which legislation
is required.
Mr. SHANKS. I would suggest that under
this arrangement there will not be more time
required for the consideration of this bill than
would be required if the discussion were con-
tinued now.
Mr. CULLOM. I quite agree with the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.] The
House is not ready to dispose of the bill now,
because it is not in possession of the necessary
information.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this bill will
take no more time by and by hi the morning
hour than it will now; it wiil not any more
interfere with the business of the morning hour
at a later day in the session than it will to-day.
But if it be taken out of the morning hour it
will interfere with the other regular business
of the House. When I object to its being
taken out of the morning hour I do not crowd
any other business of the morning hour. This
bill now has a place there which can only be
taken away by a majority of the House, as it
can also at a future day. I hope, therefore,
there will be no objection to my suggestion,
that the bill when reported may be reported
in the morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not object.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. We do not object to
that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Armstrong] proposes that this
bill be recommitted, to be considered jointly
by the Indian Committee and the Territorial
Committee, with leave that itbereported back
at any time in the morning hour. Is there
objection?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I object.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. The bill is in the
morning hour now, and it will not take any
more time if the proposition be agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. We are willing to agree
that the report shall not be made before the
2d of February. I think with that understand-
ing the objection will be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The proposition now is
that the bill be recommitted, to be considered
by the two committees in conjunction, with the
understanding that it may be reported back at
any time in the morning hour after the 2d of
February.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object to the last part of
the proposition—the authority to report at any
time.
Mr. CULLOM. Allow me to state the posi-
tion of this bill. It is now in the morning hour.
It is known to the House that we have not
before us information which we ought to have
in order to determine properly upon the merits
ot' the bill. The proposition now is to take it
out of the morning hour this morning and put
it in the morning hour a week or two hence.
It seems to me there ought to be no objection
to this proposition when the reason of it is
that we cannot now consider the bill intel-
ligently because we have not the necessary
information before us.
Mr. DAWES. Another way to state the
matter is this: the Indian Committee will step
out of the way of these committees for a time,
and then come in at a future day.
Mr. CULLOM. That is all. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw the objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If there be no further
objection the arrangement will be considered
as made.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
OiiBER- OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour still
continues. Reports from committees are still
in order. The next committee is the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
DISTURBANCES AT WEST POINT.
Mr. LOGAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to ask the House to
make an amendment in the resolution adopted
the other day instructing the committee to
investigate some matters at West Point. I ask
the Clerk to read the amendment proposed by
the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the resolution byinserting after the words
persons and papers" the words " or to send a sub-
committee to West Point, the expenses to be paid
out of the contingent fundso that the resolution
will read as follows'.
Kesolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
gate said matter ot the expulsion and subsequent
enforced resignation of Cadets Baird, Fleckinger,
and Barnes, and to report the facts to the House;
with such recommendations, by bill or otherwise,as
the facts, in their opinion, may warrant. And the
committee shall have leave to report at any time.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state that in a pre-
vious investigation, when we sent for witnesses
to WestPoint, the difficulty was such that in the
opinion of the committee it would be cheaper
and in all respects better in this case to send
a sub-committee to make an examination at
the Academy, where the witnesses are. For
this reason the amendment of t-he resolution
is proposed, and I hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Johnson-] who offered the resolution
is now out of the House, and I suggest whether
itis notdue to him that this matter should not
be acted on until he is present.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not suppose he could
have any objection if he were present. A sub-
committee has been appointed, and the only
question is whether the examination could not
be conducted much more expeditiously by
sending the sub committee to West Point.
Mr. WOOD. I merely make the sugges-
tion. I shall not interpose any objection.
The SPEAKER. The question is on amend-
ing the resolution in the manner proposed by
the committee. If there be no objection the
amendment will be agreed to.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Having just come to my
seat, I understand some action has been taken
with reference to the resolution adopted the
other day on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The action just taken by
the House authorizes a sub committee of the
Committee on Military Affairs to proceed to
WestPoint to take testimony, instead of bring-
ing witnesses here.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that.
DETAIL OF MILITARY OFFICERS.
Mr. ASPER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2S68)
to repeal the twenty-sixth section of the act
entitled "An act to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States," approved July 28, 1866.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
twenty-sixth section of the act entitled "An
act to increase and fix the military peace estab-
lishment of the United States," approved July
28, 1866, -be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. ASPER. Mr. Speaker, the tweuty-sixih
section, which is proposed to be repealed,
requires the Secretary of War to detail certain
military officers on the active list to bo pro-
fessors in agricultural colleges. A number ot
officers have been so detailed, and the Sec-
retary of War has sent us a letter requesting
that the section be repealed.
