702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
. Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to ask the gentleman who has charge
of the bill why it is proposed to repeal that
section of the law? The colleges which are
now enjoying the benefit of that section, so far
as I know, all protest against its repeal. I
received a letter from President White, of the
Cornell University, New York, shortly before
he sailed as one of the commissioners to Domin-
ica, in which he said that it would be a great
detrifnent to his institution, and so far as he
knew to all other institutions, to deprive them
of the advantages this section heretofore has
afforded, and still affords, to agricultural col-
leges established by the donation of land by
Congress, and thus in part supported by the
United States. Wherever they have military
instruction in those institutions that section
of the law provides that it shall be lawful for
the Secretary of War to detail, whenever in
his judgment the service will not be injured
thereby, some competent officer of the Army
to act as military instructor in those institu-
tions.
Several of these institutions have had officers
detailed to them as military instructors. The
one in Wisconsin I know has, because I have
been acquainted with the man who is president
of it for several years. The Cornell U Diversity
of New York, and an institution in the south-
western part of Ohio, have also availed them-
selves of the benefit of this section. All of
them, so far as I have learned, are greatly
pleased with the result. They are thus able
to give a large measure of military instruction
to young men at these colleges. It serves also
as a kind of gymnastic department. If for no
other purpose, these officers give services val-
uable in the line of health. In all the institu-
tions where officers have been detailed they
desire to have this law perpetuated. I under-
stand this bill cuts it off, and cuts it off entirely
without resource. No reasons have been
given for the proposed repeal of the law. 1
certainly hope this House will not repeal it.
Mr. ASPER. At the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, who
was not present when this report was ordered,
I ask that the bill be recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS WAIt CLAIMS.
Mr. ASPER, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 874, to reimbnrse
the State of Kansas for moneys expended for
the United Sates in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid iti suppress-
ing: the rebellion, with a substitute.
The substitute was read as follows :
Strike out all after tho enacting clause, and in lieu
thereof insert as follows:
That immediately upon the passnge of this act the
Secretary of War shall detail three officers of the
Arinv, whose duty it shall be to examine and audit
the accounts of tho State of Kansas for moneys ex-
pended in payment of tho expenses of the militia
called into service by order of the Governor, upon
the requisition of Major General Curtis, in 18(54, to
repel the invasion of General Price.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted. That the ofiicers
so detailed shall proceed, subject to regulations to
be prescribed by the Secretary of War. at once to
oxaiuinoall the items of expenditure made by said
State for the purposes herein named, allowing only
for disliursei&ents made and amounts assumed by
the State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting, trans-
porting, and paying such troops as were called into
seryice by tho Governor at the request of the United
States depart men t commander commanding the dis-
trict in which Kansas may at the time have been
included, or by tho express order, consent, or con-
currence of such commander, or which may have
been, employed or used in suppressing rebellion
in said State. And no allowance shall be made
for any troops which did not perform actual military
service in full concert and cooperation with the
authorities of the United States, and subject to their
orders.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thnt in making
up said account tho commissioners shall state sepa-
rately the amounts expended, respectively, for en-
rolling. equipping, arming, subsisting,transporting,
and paying said troops; and theyshiili not allow for
any expenditure or compensation for service at a
rate greater than was at the time authorized by the
laws of the United States and the regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War in similar cases; nor
shall such compensation embrace a longer period
than thirty days' service in any ease.
SeC. 4. And be it further enacted. That as soon as
said commissioners shall have made, up said account
and ascertained the balance, as herein directed, they
shall make written report thereof, showing the dif-
ferent items of expenditure, as hereinbefore stated,
to the Secretary of War, to be by him referred to
Congress for final action.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the com-
missioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall, before
proceeding to the discharge of their duties, be sworn
that they will carefully examine the accounts exist-
ing between the UnitedStat.es and the State of Kan-
sas, and that they will, to tho best of their ability,
make aj^ist, true, and impartial statement thereof,
as required by this act. They shall receive such com-
pensation for their services as may be determined by
the Secretary of the Treasury, not exceeding ten dol-
lars per day for each commissioner.
The substitute was agreed to.
Tho bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KANSAS AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. ASPER also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pasa, with an amendment, the joint
resolution (H. II. No. 170) authorizing the
sale of a portion of the Fort Leavenworth mil-
itary reservation to the Kansas Agricultural
and Mechanical Association of Leavenworth
county, in the State of Kansas, for fair grounds.
It provides, in its first section, that the
Kansas Agricultural and Mechanical Associa-
tion, a corporate body organized under and
by virtue of the laws of the State of Kansas,
is hereby authorized to purchase from the
United States, for the sole purpose and use
of such association as a fair ground, and for
experimental agriculture and horticulture, that
portion of the Fort Leavenworth military res-
ervation bounded and described as follows,
namely : commencing at the southeast corner
of the premises herein described, ata pointone
hundred feet north and in continuation of the
west line of Sixteenth street, as laid down and
recorded in the map of the city of Leaven-
worth, and one hundred feet north of the
south line of said reservation ; thence running
westerly and parallel to said south boundary
twenty-five hundred and eighty feet to the
east line of Nineteenth street; thence north-
erly and in continuation of the east side of
said Nineteenth street twenty-one hundred
and seventy-five feet; thence easterly and
parallel to the south line of said reservation
twenty-five hundred and eighty feet; thence
southerly and parallel to the west line of the
premises herein described twenty one hun-
dred and seventy-five feet, to the place of
beginning, containing one hundred and twenty-
eight and eighty-two hundredths acres of land,
more or less. The second section provides
that the Secretary of War is thereby directed
to appoint a commission of competent Army
officers, of such number as he may deem best,
which said commission shall, without unneces-
sary delay, examine and report the true value
of the land hereinbefore described to the Sec-
retary of War. On receipt of this report the
Secretary of War will forward certified copies
of the same to the Secretary of the Interior
and to the Kansas Agricultural Association.
The third section provides that whenever the
association thus notified shall place to the
credit of the United States with the Treasurer
of tho United States, in lawful money, the
amount of said appraisal, and notify the Sec-
retary of the Interior of such deposit, it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to he issued to the said Kansas Agricul-
tural and Mechanical Association a patent for
the said land above described ; provided that
the association shall make the said deposit
within one year from the date of the notice
of appraisal from the Secretary of War.
The amendment reported by the committee
was as follows:
Amend by inserting after the word "less," sec-
tion one, line twenty-five, the following:
Reserving to the Government or assigns the right
to tho coal orroyalty for coal underlying thesame.
The amendment was agreed to.
The jointresolution, asamended, wasordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS FOB SOLDIERS, SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
2797) to enable honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors, their widows and orphan children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States.
The bill was read. It provides in its first
section that every private soldier and officer
who has served in the Army of the United
States during the recent rebellion for ninety
days, and remained loyal to the Government,
and every seaman, marine, and officer, or other
person, who has served in the Navy of the
United Slates, or in the Marine corps, during
the rebellion for ninety days, and remained
loyal to the Government, shall, on compliance
with the provisions of an act entitled '' An act
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," and the acts amendatory
thereof, as hereinafter modified, be entitled to
enter upon and receive patents for a quantity
of public lands (not mineral) not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres, or one quarter-
section, to be taken in compact form, accord-
ing to legal subdivisions, including the alter-
nate reserved sections of public lands along
the line of any railroad or public work, or
other lands subject to entry under the home-
stead laws in the United States, whenever
public lands have been or m'ay be granted by
acts of Congress, provided that said homestead
settler shall be allowed twelve months after
locating his homestead within which to com-
mence his settlement and improvement; and
provided also, that the time which the home-
stead settler shall have served in the Army,
Navy, or Marine corps, as aforesaid, or if dis-
charged on account of wounds received, or
disability incurred in the line of duty, then the
term of enlistment shall be deducted from the
time heretofore required to perfect title ; and
provided further, that any homestead settler,
as aforesaid, may assign his homestead cer-
tificate within twelve mouths from the date
thereof to any citizen of the United States
over twenty-one years of age, or person who
has declared his intention to become such,
who has not previously availed bimsftlf of the
benefits of tho homestead or preemption laws,
and said assignee shall succeed to all the rights
of the said homestead settler; but no such
assignor of a homestead certificate shall there-
after have the right to avail himself of the ben-
efit of this act or the acts heretofore passed
granting homesteads to actual settlers; pro-
vided, however, that no patent shall issue to
a homestead settler or his assignee who has
not resided upon, improved, and cultivated
his said homestead for a period of at least two
years, except as provided in section four of
this act. The second section provides that any
person entitled under the provisions of thy
foregoing section to enter a homestead who
may have heretofore entered under the home-
stead laws a quantity of land less than one
hundred and sixty acres shall be permitted to
enter under the provisions of this act so much
land as, when added to the quantity previously
entered, shall not exceed one hundred and
sixty acres. The third section provides that,
