1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
rate of $3,000 a year. # I do not recolleet what is paid
for the hospital; I think it is $5,030 a year for the
hospital; I do notremember."
He also testifies that this rent was paid by
drafts on the United States Treasury.
I do not propose to say that these aged,
infirm, sick, and insane colored people should
be thrown out upon the world without some
one to take care of them. But I do say that
when the war closed we had a number of t.hese
treed men's hospitals on band which, with the
exception of this one, haye all ,bee,n closed.
This is the only one now iri charge of the
Government. The law of March 2, 1867, is
as follows:
An act relating to freedmen's hospitals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of liepresenta-
fives of the United States ofAmei ica in Congress asaem-
lled, That the Commissioner of the Bureau of Ref-
ugees and Freedmen is authorized and directed to
continue the frccdmen's hospitals at Richmond,
Virginia; Vicksburgf, Mississippi; and in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, including the asylum for aged and
infirm freeduien and for orphanchildren : Provided,
Til at the expense thereof shall be paid by the Com-
missioner out of moneys heretofore apprppriated for
the u~e of tbe bureau: And provided further^ That
said hospitals shall be discontinued as soon as may
ho practicable, in the discretion of the President of
the United States.
Approved, April 7,1869.
Now, this hospital, instead of being discon-
tinued, has more patients in it now than it had
then. Built upon land purchased by the Gov-
ernment, the building paid for by the Govern-
ment, we are now paying for it $5,000 a year
rent to Howard University besides paying all
the expenses of carrying on the establishment.
The law of the 2d March, 1867, contemplated
a discontinuance of this hospital.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by striking
out the last word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will he com-
pelled to recognize another gentleman, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
has spoken twice on this subject.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to occupy only one
minute, not live minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can pro-
ceed if there is no objection.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
Mr. ROGERS. I wish to know, Mr. Speaker,
whether, when a gentleman rises in his place
on this floor, it is not, under the rules, incum-
bent on the Chair to recognize him.
The SPEAKER. Not if debate is exhausted
on the pending amendment. It is the duty of
the Chair then not to recognize him.
Mr. JROGERS. Upon one other point I
want to know what is the rule. Are gentle-
men allowed to go and make arrangements
with the Speaker with reference to obtaining
the floor?
The SPEAKER. They are not.
Mr. ROGERS. I thought not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not made
any such arrangement for the assignment of
the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. Then I want to ask whether
the gentleman rising first is not, under the
rules, to ne recognized by the Chair?
The SPEAKER. But if two gentlemen rise
at once the rules declare that the Chair shall
indicate which shall speak.
Mr. ROGERS. So I suppose. I have been
attempting for some time to get the floor, and
once or twice I thought 1 had caught the
Speaker's eye ; but 
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely,] who
was more directly connected with the debate,
and, under the rules and usages of the House,
better entitled to the floor.
Mr. ItOGERS. I do not know by what rule.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Lawrence, it was agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Rogers] is recognized.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, what is the
proposition?
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair
desires to hear. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. If there is anything before
the House which I can discuss I desire to say
a few words.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot furnish
subjects for the gentleman to discuss. It is for
him to put questions.
Mr. ROGERS. I move, then, to strike out
the last word of the paragraph. Mr. Speaker,
I had not intended to occupy the time of this
House with any remarks upon this subject,
and I would not do so but for the speech of
my distinguished friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar.] He has taken occasion to wan-
der away from the subject before the House
to assail the section of country in which it
was my fortune, or misfortune, to be born and
raised. I feel it due, therefore, that as a Rep-
resentative on this floor I should say some-
thing in reply to the remark's of that gentle-
man. He has been pleased to bring in here the
old fight of slavery and anti-slavery, which I
supposed, and which the country would natu-
rally suppose, had been settled by the war.
He has been pleased to lug in here a matter
which is calculated to excite and irritate the
country, greatly to the prejudice, as I think,
of our institutions and the perpetuity of the
Government itself.
Now, sir, why are these things done? I re-
member that when many years ago gentlemen
from the South attempted to use the lash in
the Congress of the United States as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts now does, they
were condemned; yet now, when the distin-
guished gentlemen from Massachusetts are the
masters of the situation, they come here with
the whip and attempt to apply it to our baeks,
to make us their mere lickspittles, their men-
ials and serfs. I have thought, sir, that this
was a common country, in which we all had a
common interest, and that I, although coming
from the South, was, while occupying a seat
upon this floor, the peer of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, notwithstanding his technical
knowledge and his ability to drive a sharp
bargain, and my obtuseness on that subject.
Sir, I ask the gentleman, when he talks about
the prejudices of the people of the South, to
take the beam out of his own eye before he
comes poking himself in my face to take the
mote out of my eye. [Laughter.] I ask him
to go and read the Bible, which he talks so
much about, and thare learn the lesson of
charity, "which suffereth all things, beareth
all things, and hopeth all things." [A Mem-
ber here asked a question which was inaudible
to the reporter.] No, sir; he comes here with
his fire-brands to disturb the country which we
are trying by our counsels to save. He tries
to prevent the feeling of common brotherhood
and the repose which we are trying to produce
among our people of all classes. I ask gentle-
men why we should give him any support in
creating these dissensions?
The gentleman says that I, connected with
the Democratic party, signed this minority re-
port on the subject of the Freedrnen's Bureau.
I did, sir ; and I challenge the gentleman and
I challenge those associated with him to meet
us on this floor in defense of the majority report
as against the minority report. We are ready
for the conflict here, and I am ready to go before
the country with the facts which we state in
that minority r'eport. The allegation of facts
in the majority report is not true. Those facts
are all untrue, and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts ought to have known it, especially
as he boasts so muc.li of superior light and
knowledge over the people down where I live.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, a word more and I have
done. I will remark here that I was never a
Democrat, in the gentleman's acceptation of
the word, in all my life. Before the war I was
an Old Line Whig. I am proud of having been
an Old Line Whig. I fought under that flag
sa long as that party existed, and I never went
with any other party until I heard speeches
mads by the gentleman from Massachusetts
and others in denunciation of the people of
my section, who are infinitely better than the
gentleman from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
I ask you whether I can be expected to go
with the party of such men, who denounce me
and my people as a set of barbarians, as a set
of ruffians and cut-throats, and only fit for the
penitentiaries? I would be mean indeed now
if I could debase myself before such men
as this gentleman from Massachusetts, who
undertakes to read lectures about it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to answer
some statements of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. McNebly.] General Howard estab-
lished the Howard University with a portion of
the funds derived from the sale of abandoned
lands and appropriations by the Government.
Of the legality of that act I have not the
slightest doubt. It was confirmed on consult-
ation by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, and it was confirmed over and over again
by subsequent appropriations of Congress lec-
ognizing it. That university being so estab-
lished, owns its property like any oilier insti-
tution, and it cannot be diverted. When he
had occasion to hire room for this asylum
and for headquarters for the bureau he hired
it of that university and paid rent for it, and
by so doing he got quarters some four thou-
sand dollars cheaper than he could anywhere
else. lie saved that amount for the Govern-
ment. That is the whole story.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a question. Are
we not paying $5,000 a year rent for that hos-
pital to tbe Howard University, which %vas built
with our own money?
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman's question is
a mere quibble, and is fully answered by.the
statement I have made.
Mr. McNEELY. Is it not true, whether it
be a quibble or not? The gentleman declines
to answer the question.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to remind the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] that for
the first time since he and I have bean in the
House has the aggregate of expenditures come
within the aggregate of the appropriations.
The reason there is a deficiency is because
in the appropriation of nearly three hundred
million dollars there are some appropriations
which exceed the necessities of the Govern-
ment, while there are some which fall short,
and those which exceed are covered into the
Treasury, while those which fall short have to
be made up by appropriations to supply the
deficiency. Butthe aggregate of expenditures
has fallen short of the aggregate of the appro-
priations for the first time since the gentleman
and myself have been in this House.
Mr. COX. What is the excess of the appro-
priations over the expenditures?
Mr. DAWES. I now move to close debate.
Mr. McNEELY. I want to offer some
amendments.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to the
gentleman offering his amendments.
Mr. McNEELY. But I wish to discuss some
of the amendments which I propose to offer.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the geiTtle-
man from Massachusetts will- require a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. COX. I do not believe the House under-
stands this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again
state the question. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves thatall debate
on the remaining portion of the bill be closed.
The bill will be read by paragraphs for amend-
ment, but all debate will be closed if two thirds
of the House shall say so.
Mr. COX. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I shonld like, if it can be
arranged, to come to an understanding with
