1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
in case of the death of any person who would
be entitled to a homestead under the provis-
ions of the first section of this act, his widow,
if unmarried, or, in case of her death or mar-
riage, then his minor orphan children shall be
entitled to all the benefits enumerated in this
.act; provided that if such person died during
his term of enlistment the whole term of his
enlistment shall be deducted from the time
heretofore required to perfect the title. The
fourth section provides that every private sol-
dier, and every seaman, marine, and officer
who served in the Army or Navy for the said
period of ninety days, and is now inscribed
011 the pension-rolls of the United States, or
is entitled to be so inscribed on account of
wounds received or disabilities incurred in the
line of duty, may,_ in lieu of the rights, priv-
ileges, and benefits hereinbefore conferred,
enter upon, by an agent or attorney, and re-
ceive a patent for one quarter section of land,
as provided in section one of this act, and
shall be entitled to all the benefits of said first
section and liable to all the provisions thereof
except as to the actual residence, and that all
acts and things required to be done by said
homestead settler by said first section may
be done by said agent or attorney ; provided
that no such agent or attorney shall act as such
fur more than one person at the same time.
The fifth section provides that all declara-
tions and proofs required under this act and
the Conner acts granting homesteads to actual
settlers may be taken before the judge or clerk
of any court of record in the United Stales,
or of any State or Territory, and, when duly
authenticated under the official seal of such
court, shall be of the same force and effect as
if taken before the register or receiver of the
proper land office. The sixth section provides
that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office shall have authority to make all needful
rules and regulations to carry into effect the
provisions of this act.
MEMBER FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, has not the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. YOUNG. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I present the credentials of Stephen A.
Corker, a member-elect to the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Forty-First Congress, from
the fifth congressional district of the State of
Georgia.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
swearing in this gentleman?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object;
and I desire to present the memorial of Thomas
P. Beard, claiming his seat as a member from
the fifth congressional district of Georgia, and
move that the credentials and this memorial
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. YOUNG. I desire to know if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
wishes to discuss this question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
moved that the papers on both sides be referred
to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the cre-
dentials be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
STATE OF GEORGIA.
B'J Rufas B. Bulloch, Governor of said Slate, to Hon.
Stephen A, Corker, greeting:
"Whereas by the second section of the first article of
the Constitution of the United States of America it
is oulained and established that the House of Rep-
resentatives shall be composed of members chosen
evervsecond year by the people of these\ oral v.tatcs,
and whereas by the returns, ma.de agreeably to law,
of the election held on the 20th. 21st, and 22d das j
of December last for seven members to repiesent
the people in the House of E.opreseptatwos .of the
Congress of the United States foi the 1 °j£y-Firf£
Congress, you, the said Stephen A. Corker, weie duly
elected one of the said Representatives in ana by
the fifth congressional district of the said btate..
These are therefore to, commission said
Stephen A. Corker, to take sessionm the-House ot
Representatives of the United States
First Congress, as aforesaid, and, to use an'exer<oise
all and evary the privileges and powers which 01
right you may or can do in and by virtue of said
Constitution in behalf of this State.
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
State, atthecapitol in Atlanta, this 11thday
rT o ] of January, in the year of our Lord 1871, and
lb. s.j 0f tke iDdependence of the United States the
ninety-fifth.
By the Governor;
DAVID G. COTTING,
Secretary of State.
ttUFUS B. BULLOCK,
Governor.
Mr. BUTLER, of -Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to know if it will be con-
venient to the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Young] to yield to me now to state my objec-
tions ?
Mr. YOUNG. Yes, sir. I have agreed to
yield to the gentleman thirty minutes to state
his objections to the House. I have presented
these credentials in due form; they are per-
fectly correct; the same credentials as those
upon which every member of the Georgia del-
egation has been sworn in. This gentleman
lias been notified of a contest, and we propose
to swear him in without any prejudice to the
right of the contestant; and upon that question
we are willing to have debate.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me ask
if these are the very same credentials upon
which all the other Georgia members have
been admitted?
Mr. YOUNG. Precisely. I now yield thirty
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Now, I rise
to a question of privilege ; and it is that when
a member presents himself here with creden-
tials from the Governor of the State, cre-
dentials exactly like those which have been
accepted by the House, it is nota question for
discussion, but that the member has a right to
be sworn in independent of all discussion.
The SPEAKER. That right, of course, is
subordinate to the right of the majority of the
House to say "ay" or "no."
Mr. YOUNG. We do not fear the result
of debate; and I desire particularly that the
gentleman upon the other side shall have an
opportunity to debate this question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that when this question is
stated 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to_ a
question of order; not because I wish to in-
terfere with this discussion, but because an
important principle is involved. I submit,
that whenever a Representative presents his
credentials here in due form that it is not a
subject for discussion.
The SPEAKER. In the organization of
the House members who have credentials from
the Governors of their respective States are
entered upon tho Clerk's list, and no man is
prejudiced, of course. The House is organ-
ized upon the list so made up. But gentlemen
coming subsequently are sworn in by the Chair,
if there is no objection. The Chair adminis-
ters the oath in cases where there is no objec-
tion ; but if there be objection, of course it is
a matter which must be determined by the
majority of the House. The Chair possesses
no arbitrary power in the matter whatever. It
is a matter which must be determined by a
majority of the House. If it were previous to
the organization of the House, of course the
gentleman's credentials would be entered on
the Clerk's list, and he would be sworn in with
the other members.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then cre-
dentials are of very little value.
Mr. RANDALL. It depends a great deal
upon who holds them and what his politics
are. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
in the first place, to thank the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Young] for the courtesy he shows
in yielding to me to state the objections in this
case. They come from the contestant, who
claims to hold the seat in this House by a
majority of the legal votes cast at that election.
I desire, first of all, that the Clerk shall read
the notice of contest.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., January 17,18(1.
Sib: You are hereby notified that it is my inten-
tion to edntest your right to a seat as a member of
the House of Representatives of the Forty-First
Congress from the fifth congressional district of the
State of Georgia, upon the following grounds, par-
ticularly specified, to wit:
1. That at the general election held in tha coun-
ties of Washington, Jefferson, Burke, Columbia,
W arren. Glasscock, Hancock, Taliaferro, Oglethorpe.
Elbert, Lincoln, Wilkes, and McDuffy, on the 20th,
21st, and 22d days of December, 1S70, intimidation,
violence, and a reign of terror existed to such an
extent that Republican voters, in such numbers as
to determine the result of the election, were com-
pelled to vote against their will for you and Dudley
M.Dubose. esq., Democratic candidate for the Forty-
Second Congress, or were prevented from voting for
any one, when it was their desire and intention to
vote for me for the Forty-First Congress, and for
Isham S. Fannin, esq., for the Forty-Second Con-
gress.
2. That previous to the election in several of the
counties aforesaid, Republican voters who intend-
ed to vote for me were shot, beat, or otherwise mal-
treated. with a view of intimidating them so that
they would not vote for me at the election afore-
said, and they were thus prevented from voting for
me as they intended to do; that organized bands of
desperadoes were known to exist in several of said
counties, acting in the interest of the Democratic
party and against the Republican party; that colored
men and Union men, on account of the threats and
acts of violence of these desperate men, were atraid
to vote for me. and did not voteat theelection afore-
said as they desired and intended to do; and that
111 each and all of the counties aforesaid fraud was
practiced and intimidation used by Democrats
toward Republicans so as to destroy the freedom of
the ballot-box, and to prevent many thousands ot
Republicans who desired and intended to rote for
me from doing so; and that the number of voters so
prevented from voting were enough to determine
the result of the election.
3. That Republican voters who desired and in-
tended to vote for me for the Forty-First Congress
and for Isham S. Fannin for the Forty-Second Con-
gress, were, contrary to law, prevented from doing
so, because they had not paid the poll-tax assessed
against them; which tax had been remitted by the
Legislature of the State.
4. That in the county of Hancock aforesaid the
managers of election were wrongfully and illegally
arrested and confined in jail, with the view of pre-
venting Republican voters who desired and intended
to vote for me from doing so; and that tho election
in said county was held by persons who had no legal
right to act as managers of election.
5. That a few days prior to the election aforesaid,
when the ears arrived at Washington, Wilkes county,
upon which Republican speakers were expected to
arrive, who were to address aRepublican meeting m
my interest and in the interest of the Republican
party, a band of armed men entered the cars with
the avowed purpose of murdering said speakers;
and that, not finding them, this band did shoot at
three leading Republicans of the county, friends ot
mine, killing one, mortally wounding another, and
seriously wounding a third; that on account of this
shooting, which occurred but a few days prior to the
election, many voters were intimidated, and thus
prevented from voting for me, as they intended to do.
6. That in Burke, another of said counties, the
ballot-boxes were opened and votes ea«t for me
abstracted, and ballots with your name upon them
put in place of them. .
7. That the illegality of your election is further
shown by the fact that at the election held in the
spring of 1868 for Governor and other State officers,
and members of Congress, the llepublicancandidates
received 17,447 votes, while the Democratic candi-
dates received but 9,600 votes, although at the late
election above mentioned you and other Democratic
candidates received 15,759 votes, while I and other
Republican candidatesreceived 9,482votes; and that
this change was effected by the illegal and revolu-
tionary means above mentioned.
8. That the election in said counties was null and
void, and the votes cast should be thrown out; that
in a fair election I should have had a'large majority
of the votes cast in said counties; and therefore you
are not by law or right entitled to a seat in the J?orty-
First Congress; that in fact I did receive a majority
of the legal votes freely cast in said district in coun-
ties where the election was not controlled by unlaw-
ful influences. TH0MAS P. BBARD.
Stephen A. Corkbk.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.^ The
grounds of this contest and of ray motion are
well set forth ill the notice of contest which
has been duly served. They may be grouped
together thus: first, that large numbers of
men were prevented from voting upon the
pretext that they had not paid their poll tax,
when the .Legislature of the State had iemit-
ted the tax for the very purpose of enabling
them to vote j second, that in one county the
