1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
How much time does be desire?
Mr. COX. I want to debate this bill item
by item. The gentleman has been calling for
light, and we on this side have light to give
bim.
Mr. DAWES. Then I must adhere to my
motion.
The question was on Mr. Stiles's motion to
adjourn.
Mr. STILES. On that motUn I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. •
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 124, not voting
63: as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs. Bird. James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Corker,
Cox. Crebs. Dickinson. Dox. Bake. Gerz. «riswold,
Ilaight, IIiiMemnn, liambleton, Hamill, Ilay. Hol-
roan, Johnson, Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Marshall,
Mayham. M<>Coru)iek, McNeely, Morgan. Mungen.
Niblack. William W. Paine. Phelps, Price,Randall,
lteeves, Eiee. Sherrod. Shober, Siocum, Stiles, Stra-
der.Svrann, Trimble, Van Trutnp.Voorhees, Eugene
M.Wilson. Winchester, Wood, and Young—53.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison. AmbU'r, Ames, Asper,
Banks, Barrv, Be:im:in, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Bethune, Boles, George M. Brooks. Back, Buffin-
ton, Buiehnrd, Burdett. Benjamin F. Bntler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T.
Clark. Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cowles, Cullom. Darrall, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Joseph D.xon, Dockery, Donley, Ela, Farnsworth,
Ferriso, Ferry, Finkelaburg, Fisher, Garfield, Har-
ris, ilawlev, lleflin, Hill. Hoar. Iloge, Hooper,
Ilotchkiss, Jenckes. Judd. Julian. Kelley, Keilogg,
Kelsey, Ketchain, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan,
Long, Loui?hridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, McOrew, MeKee,McKenzie,iIercur. Jesse
II.Moore. VViliiain Moore, Morey, Morphia. Daniel
J. Morrell, Myers. Xegley, O'Neill. Orth, Packard,
Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer. Peck. Perce,
Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser,
Sanlord, Sargent. Sawyer. Scofield, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Sfevens. Stoughton, Strickland.
Strong, Sypher, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend
Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn, Wallace, CadwaladerC.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wolker, Wheeler,
Whitmore. Willard. Williams, John T. Wilson,
Wifcher, and Wolf—124.
NOT VOTING—Mes-rs. Armstrong:, Arnell, At-
wood, AxteiU Ayer, Bailey. Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Booker, Bowcn. Boyd, Buckley. Cake. Cleve-
land. Clinton L. Cobb, Councr. Cook, Nathan F.
Dix<>n  Duval, Dyer, Bldridffe, Fitch, Fox, Gibson,
Giliillan. Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hays, Holmes,
Ingeraoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Knott,Lush, Mtlnos, Ehnkim II, Moore, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham,Piatt, Rainey, Rogers,
Boots, Sehumaker, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith,
Wortliington U. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone,
Sweeney, Taylor. Upson, V;in Auken, \ an Wyck,
Ward. Wells. Wlutelcy, Wilkinson, Wmans, and
WooUward—^3.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to announce that
my colleague, Air. Woodward, is absent on
account of death in his family.
Mr. BIRD. My colleague, Mr. Cleveland,
is absent on account of sickness.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
enuolled bills signed.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1227) to authorize the
Union Pacilic Railroad Company to issue its
bonds to construct a bridge across the Missouri
river at Omaha, Nebraska, and Council Bluffs,
Iowa; and
An act (EI. R. No. 2305) supplementary to
an act to establish the Department of Justice.
deficiency appropriation bill.
' The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes] to suspend the rules, so that
■ all debate on the remainder of this bill shall
cease : and on that motion the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] lias demanded the yeas
and navs.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw the demand if
the gentleman will allow the debate to go on
during the rest of this afternoon.
Mr. DAWES. I would like gentlemen on
the other side of the House to say how much
time they wish.
Mr. COX. I would not like to fix a limit.
Just let the debate go on.
Mr. BEAMAN. Let us vote.
Mr. DAWES. I do not hear from the other
side of the House any suggestion of a limita-
tion of the debate, and I must therefore move
to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. McNEELY. I want to offer an amend-
ment to strike out each one of the paragraphs
under this head, and I-want to say something
as to each. I wish to ask the gentleman some
questions in regard to them. I hope, there-
lore, the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will not be agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest,
as a matter of good faith, that the gentleman
from Washington £Mr. Garfielde] moved an
amendment to a certain paragraph of the bill,
and at the suggestion of the Chair he waived
moving his amendment at that point. The
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
might include that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I move.to suspend the rules
and pass the bill, with the following amend-
ment:
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, for
amount to T>ay expenses of the Legislative Assem-
bly of Washington Territory, per diem and mileage
of members, pay of officers, and printing, lor the
session commencing October, 1869, $9,129 91, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope that amendment
will not bs insisted upon; it is not right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York -will state his point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call the
attention of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to the point of order, and it is that under
his resolution the House agreed to take this
bill out of Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union and consider it in the
House, with an understanding, implied if not
expressed, that amendments should be acted
on in the House as in Committee of the Whole.
Was not that the understanding?
Mr. DAWES. That is so; and I will not
resort to thi3 motion now if I can have the
least indication from the other side of the
House of a limitation of the debate.
Mr. COX. The gentleman ought to know
that we cannot limit the five-minute debate.
Mr. DAWES. The bill was brought into
the House for that very purpose.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. How can this side of
the House know what time we wish for debate
without a caucus?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire if
the House is not now acting under a suspen-
sion of the rules? _ _ _
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to insist on
this motion. My colleague on the committee
[Mr. Lawrence] who has charge of this bill
says that the amendment is not proper to be
adopted. I want to get some indication from
the "other side of the House as to when the
debate shall close without resorting to this
motion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let mo say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts and to
the Chair that if in good faith a strict adher-
ence to the rules is enforced on every amend-
ment the debate must end in a very short time.
Mr. DAWES. I will try the experiment
for fifteen or twenty minutes. I withdraw my
motion, and I hope the Chair will enforce the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
For medicine, medical supplies, and rations,
§2,500.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man who has charge of this bill what is meant
by this appropriation of $2,500 for clothing,
I ask the question because the students of
Howard University have been clothed at the
public expense. We have been paying for
their clothing, their uniforms, for some time.
I would ask the gentleman if this appropria-
tion is for that purpose, or if it is limited to
clothing for use in the hospital. If it is to be
confined to the use of the hospital I will make
no objection.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This is for the use of
the hospital.
Mr. McNEELY. Then I will not make any
objection to it.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For rent of building, (outside of the District of
Columbia,) $4,500.
Mr. McNEELY. I move to strike out that
clause, and I will state the reason why I make
that motion. I do not know of any building
under the charge of the Freedmen's Bureau
outside of the District of Columbia that ought
to be rented at this time. We investigated the
affairs under the charge of the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau during some sixty
days, and I do not think that the committee
discovered at any time that any such building
as this was in existence. I would like ihe
gentleman to tell the House what building
this is.
.Mr. LAWRENCE. The Freedmen's JBureau
have rented some buildings in various parts
of the country to carry on their operations,
and nearly all of this appropriation is to cover
liabilities already incurred. The bureau is
now to be closed up. There will be nothing
of it after this year unless this hospital is to
be charged upon the Government, and these
are matters that ought to be provided for.
Mr. McNEELY. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the fact that the Freedmen's
Bureau has been paying a portion of the rent
ofthesefreedmen'ssavings banksinthe South,
and if this provision should be adopted as it
stands in the bill this money will certainly be
used for that purpose. It was proved before
the committee that at the time the committee
was sitting tbe Freedmen's Bureau was paying
a portion of tbe rent of the freedmen's savings-
banks at Vicksbu'g and other places. The
Freedmen's Bureau purchased some of the fur-
niture used by the Freedmen's Savings-Bank
in this city. I think the appropriation ought
to be guarded a little. It certainly ought not
to be disbursed in that way.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For stationery and printing, $8,000.
Mr. McNEELY. I move tostrike that out.
By the act of June 19, 1805, there was appro-
priated for stationery and printing §63,000.
By the act of June 2, 1867, $63,000 more was
appropriated for stationery and printing. Now
we have a deficiency of $8,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I can explain that.
The Freedmen's Bureau is charged with the
collection of bounties and pensions for colored
soldiers in the southern States. The War
Department made a change in their forms,
which rendered it necessary for the Freed-
men's Bureau to buy new books and to pro-
cure the printing of new blanks and forms.
That is what makes this appropriation neces-
sary.
Mr. McNEELY. It was proven before the
Committee on Education and Labor that the
Freedmen's Bureau subscribed for a news-
paper published here in this city; that it ex-
pended §120 for certain issues of a paper
called the New Era, for distribution among
the teachers employed by the American Mis-
sionary Association in the southern States.
I suppose this $3,000 will cover such expendi-
tures as that. . .
Mr. LAWRENCE. No; only for pnntiug
of the character I have described.
Mr. McNEELY. Here is the proof before
the committee.
The SPEAKER. Debate on thrs paragraph
has been exhausted.
The motion to strike out the paragraph was
not agreed to.
