3871.]
APPENDIX TO THE ^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
41st Cong....3d Sess.
National Education—3fr. McNeely.
Ho. op Reps.
This new department will exceed both the
War and Navy Departments in the range and
extent of the business it will transact, in the
number of officers and agents it will require,
and in the sums of money it. will expend. But
aside from ihe vast expenditure of money this
bill will occasion, consider the patronage it
will add to that already within the control of
the President. The public mind has become
convinced that the patronage which the Presi-
dent now commands is too great, and the
problem for us to solve is not how to increase
but. how to decrease it. This Commissioner
of Education, these thousands of superintend-
ents, and this quarter of a million of teachers
will owe their appointments directly or indi-
rectly to the President, will live in the hollow
of his hand, must obey his will, and execute his
purpose or be discharged from office and em-
ployment. Thus dependent upon the will of
the President and seeking favor by serving him,
these countless agents of his, stationed at the
very firesides of the people whose children
they are to control would become his partisan
henchmen and the local intriguers and caucus
managers of his party. They who should he
teachers of morality and virtue would become
the cheap and pliant, instruments of corrup-
tion and be the examples set before the youth
of the country for them to study and imitate.
A more dangerous extension of Federal patron-
age could not have been devised. I trust it is
not a part of that civil service reform which
certain leaders in the .Republican party have
promised us.
Not only will this new and extensive depart-
ment of education be necessary, but, to carry
out the financial part of this measure, the
Treasury Department will have to be extended
and fresh brigades added to its present army
of clerks. By the fourteenth section of the
bill the Secretary of the Treasury is required
to 'prescribe rules and make arrangements lor
the payment of teachers, for the purchase of
lands and school houses, and other objects
therein provided for. The accounts concern-
ing the purchase of land, fuel, and books, for
the erection of school houses, and the pay-rolls
of the superintendents, inspectors, and teach-
ers, must be kept, in the Treasury Department.
Books containing a correct history of the col-
lection and expenditure of this $20 000,000
provided for in the bill, and a still greater sum
to be annually collected, must be kept, in that
Department. In addition to these considera-
tions, the State superintendents and division
inspectors will require for each of them offices,
cleiks, and agents for the discharge of duties
which are now performed without pay by
school officers elected for that purpose by the
people.
But, Mr. Speaker, in addition to these objec-
tions, this proposed national system will be
less productive of relorm and improvement
than the present State system, if reforms
are desired in the present school systems of
the States, they will be more speedily accom-
plished by the people affected in their State
capacity than by a Congress which has up to
this time failed to furnish a good school sys-
tem for this city in which it assembles, and
which is wholly dependent upon Congress for
its laws. I have more faith in the wisdom of
the Legislature of my State in the manage- '
ment of t,he educational affairs of the two j
million five hundred thousand people whom j
they represent, elected from their number, sit- j
ting in council in their midst,, and directly in- !
terested in the work, than I have in the judg-
ment of this House. And yet this bill, if it
becomes a law, will send .Federal agents into
that State to take charge of its entire school
system, (ill it with Federal school teachers and
t^x-gatherers. Sir, that people did not send
their members of Congress here to assist iu
perpetrating such au outrage upon them or the
people of any other State, nor will they sub-
mit to the dictation of other States in matters
pertaining to the regulation of their -educa-
tional affairs.
The legitimate subjects of national legisla-
tion are sufficiently numerous and important
to engage onr constant attention without bunt-
ing up others not in the line of our duties.
Your Speaker's table is now loaded down with
bills that this Congress will not be able to
reach. Your committees are gorged with
public business awaiting your consideration.
The appeals for reforms in the financial affairs
of the people and the Government that come
up from all parts of the country have up to
this hour been denied a hearing iu this House.
This measure is as unnecessary as it is im-
politic and vicious. No State Legislature asks
for it; no Governor suggests its adoption ; but
each and all express entire confidence in the
final and complete success of the present sys-
tem. The various States either have made or
are making, as rapidly as possible, all neces-
sary and proper provision for the education of
the youth within their respective limits. Jt
may be that the State of Massachusetts and
other New England States, especially Con-
necticut, have made more progress in this
regard and have a less per cent, of illiterate
people than the western States, but that state
of affairs does not arise from any greater zeal
in the cause of education or from any greater
expenditure of money or labor for such pur-
poses. The density ot'the population of Mas-
sachusetts and the consequent increased facil-
ity of pupils to reach the school-room without
loss of time from the hours usually devoted to
labor, and the greater wealth of her people per
capita, enabling them to provide school houses
and teachers at a less rate of taxation, will in
a great measure account for their superior
school advantages, while her compulsory sys
tem and her special police, called " truant
officers," employed to drive pupils into the
school room, account for the school attend
auee of so large a per cent, of her children.
To this must be added the advantage of a
novel invention in the shape of what they call
the ''halfday" system, by which the hours
spent in the school room become to the school
children resting spells from their labor. For
example: I find in the official report of the
Commissioner of Education before me, that
this system lias been introduced among the
operatives at Springfield, Massachusetts. In
the language of the report of that school, "the
scholars leave work at twelve o'clock; school
commences at one o'clock a::d closes at four."
The school hours of those pupils are fifteen
per week, and hours of work forty-eight and
a half; two and a half hours per day for the
school room, and eight hours per day for labor.
The report also states "that those children
are now woiking full time during the hours
assigned to labor, and the school hours being
a real rest to them." It is not so strange,
therefore, that children should be so punctual
in attendance at the school room, when the
two and a half hours they spend there is a
real rest from eight hours of labor; nor is it
surprising that the school reports of thatSiate
show so large a per cent, of the entire school
children enrolled in her schools.
But it is contended that the southern States
are not making sufficient progress in their edu-
cational affairs. It may be that they are not
progressing in that particular as fast as are the
northern States, but they are coming forward
as rapidly as could be reasonably expected of
them in view of all the circumstances. It must
be remembered that from the yearlSBl until
1865 the people of those States were engaged
in a desperate and desolating war; that during
that time they formed one vast military camp,
with the entire male population old enough to
bear arms in the field, and those too young
or too old for military service busy providing
bread for those who were absent fighting their
battles. During that time their colleges and
school-houses were deserted and closed, their
teachers and professors in the argpy, and the
art of war made their only study. Everything
was staked upon the issue of the'eontest. All
the earnings of their toil during that period
shared the fate of the cause they fought for,
and with it was lost.. Among the calamities of
that war, especially in that part of the coun-
try which was traversed by both armies, their
homes were destroyed, their plantations laid
waste, their personal property either spent in
the struggle or taken by military force on the
one side or the other, their school-houses and
colleges burned, and their school fund used
for war purposes.
The end of the war found them stripped of
their former wealth, rich in nothing but mis-
fortunes, and the number of those who would
strike and persecute them when they were dis-
armed and defenseless. Their soldiers went
from their disbanded armies to impoverished
homes to begin life anew. Their wounded and
disabled soldiers and the widows and children
of those who had fallen had no bouniies or pen-
sions to aid them in their support and assist
the cause of education. They had little money
for the tax gatherer, and in the struggle for
subsistence their children had still less time to
spend in the school-room. After the war
ceased, instead of that just and honorable
peace which had been promised thein, they
were subjected to a cruel military despotism,
under which neither life nor property was
secure. Their entire political and labor sys-
tems had been revolutionized and overturned
as a result of the war, audit became necessary
to rebuild them upon new I'oundaiions. Yet
they who should have done that work and
could have done it best were denied all voice
in those things that most concerned them, were
disfranchised, and forced by Federal bayonets
to stand back and submit to the rule of their
late slaves, or in many instances to strangers
who came among them as political adven-
tu rers.
Under all these circumstances and in view of
the misfortunes and incalculable losses which
those people have sustained during the past
ten years, it is not strange if they laii to fur-
nish for their children such school facilities as
are enjoyed by those of Massachusetts, a State
which began her school system two hundred
years ago. But if you will look into the con-
stitutions and laws made by those people since
the war, will duly appreciate their pecuniary
condition, and will observe I he energy they
display in their struggle to rebuild their fallen
fortunes, you must be satisfied iliac they are
doing all that ought to be asked or expected
of them to place their educational and other
domestic affairs upon a proper and satisfactory
ba«is.
Bur, Sir. Speaker, the moat alarming feature
of this scheme is the proposition to force upon
the people teachers and school-books without
the consent of the parents of the children to
be taught. The teacher during the discharge
of his duties stands in the shoes of the parent,
is his agent, and that parent temporarily part-
ing with the custody of his child should be
consulted rather than some wandering school
superintendent from some other State in the
pay of the Government. The teacher who per-
forms the duty of educating and training the
mind of a child is clothed with a delicate trust,
and the parent who confides his child to his
care should have a voice in his selection as well
as in the selection of the books to be used ; for
the impressions received by the youths from
their teachers and the first books that they
read last them through life. To take from
the parent that care and custody of his child's
earliest impressions and education would be an
