96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. of Beps.
National Education—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
outrage which the people of this country will
not consent to.
Bat we are cited to the school systems ot
foreign countries for our models. I repeat,
what I said, in this House on a former occa-
sion, that— .
"The management of educational affairs by Euro-
pean Governments furnishes no example for us to
follow as a nation. With them all political, power 18
centralized in the general Government. .They exer-
cistf the power which we have wisely divided between
the Federal and Stato governments. They do not
have States within the general Government erected
for the very purpose of regulating purely domestic
affairs like that of education, and hence they exer-
cise all powers of legislation, both general and local.
I do not wonder, therefore, that those kingdoms and
monarchies should be cited and relied upon as fit
examples for us to follow by those in this House
■who no longer believe a State has any rights,and
who are straggling to creato here 111 washington an
overshadowing centralized power.
"Besides this, sir, those empires and kingdoms oi
Europe profess to act upon and educate their sub-
jects* but here the Government is or ought to be
acted upon and influenced by the people. J.here
the people depend upon tho Government: here the
Government depends upon the people. There the
people are subjects; hero they arc or ought to be
masters. Such is tho difference between tho theories
of monarchical and republican forms of govern-
ment."
If the General Government deems it neces-
sary to assist the people of a State in their edu-
cational affairs, that assistance should not be
in the shape of Federal school-teachers and
tax-gatherers. It should give a portion of the
public domain, as it has heretofore done, in-
stead of squandering it upon railroad corpor-
ations, and the State shouldsend your bounty,
equally distributed, to the local school districts,
there to be used by the patrons of the schools
for the purposes intended.
But it is claimed that a State can escape the
operations of this proposed law if it will sat-
isfy the President, that it has "provided for
all the children within its borders between the
ages of six and eighteen years suitable in-
struction in reading, writing, orthography,
arithmetic, geography, and the history of the
United States," or shall, before the 1st day
of July next, "engage to make such provis-
ion." The bill further provides that—
"If at the expiration of said twelve months itshall
bo proved to the satisfaction of the President of tho
United States that there is established in said State
ft system of common schools which provides reason-
ably for all tho children therein who dwell where
the population is sufficiently dense to enable schools
to be maintained, suitable instruction in the afore-
said branches, no farther steps shall be taken far the
appointment of officers or the assessment of the tax
therein."
Otherwise the proposed law shall be en-
forced.
The bill fails to fix the standard by which a
State shall be tried. The constitution and laws
of a State may make proper provision for edu-
cational purposes, but the condition of the
schools organized thereunder may be such as
deprives the children in the State, or a portion
ofthem, of suitable school facilities. Such, for
example, seems to be the case in the State of
Florida. The Governor of that State says in
his late'message that—
" With a constitution and laws and ample facili-
ties for the immediate inauguration of a system of
public schools which would have reached overy por-
tion of the Stato. aftor two and a half years of effort
we are compelled to admit that there is yet no com-
plete organized working system,"
If Florida is to be tried by her constitution
and laws, which her Governor says make ample
provision for a suitable school system, she
would be declared not guilty by the President;
but if he should not be satisfied with that test,
and should insist on making an examination
into the actual condition of her schools, he
might find, as a matter of fact, that she does
not furnish suitable provision for the educa-
tion of her people, as the bill provides.^ But
that examination would require a hearing or
reading of evidence, and such an investigation
as he has neither time nor capacity for.
As I have already said, Illinois would be
subjected- to the provisions of this bill, because
she has not made as ample a provision for
the education of the negro children within her
borders as she has for white children. To do
that will require the admission of negroes to
the white schools, which up to this time that
State, thougli controlled by Republicans, has
refused to do. The extent and character of
the provision that shall be made for the edu-
cation of negro children in that State will be
the business of her Legislature, and not of this
Congress.
But, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
is mistaken when he supposes that his State
will escape the execution of this bill within
her limits. That State, as I understand, makes
provision for the education of only those be-
tween the ages of five and fifteen, while this
bill will require that such provision shall be
made for those between the ages of six and
eighteen.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a remark?
Mr. McNBELY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HOAR. The State of Massachusetts
makes it the duty of the parent to have his
children between the ages of five and fifteen
go to school at least six months in the year;
but the public schools are open to them after
the age of fifteen. This suggestion answers
what the gentleman said a moment ago in
regard to the half-time system. That only
applies to the children during the period they
are permitted to work, and not during the six
months of their attendance at school the full
time.
Mr. McNBELY. If that be so, I have to
tell the gentleman that the official documents
show that only 28,135 persons in the State of
Massachusetts over the age of fifteen attended
her public schools during the year last re-
ported ; that although admitted to the schools,
those above fifteen years are not numbered
as part of the "school population" of that
State in the official reports, are not taken into
account in the calculation of the per cent,
of school attendance, and are not practically
included in the school system of that State. As
to tho "half'-daysystem," the reports show that
that is an invention of parents and employers
by which to evade the six months' compulsory
law at the expense of the children.
But, Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding the laws
of that State, her people would not be adjudged
as having made "suitable provision tor the
education of all their children between the
ages of six and eighteen" if the President
should examine into the practical workings of
their schools.
In the year 1865 a commission was appointed
by the Legislature of Massachusetts on the
"hours of labor," and in the year 18G9 the
same Legislature established a "bureau of
statistics of labor." That commission, and
afterward the commissioner of that bureau,
examined into tho "moral, social, educational,
and sanitary condition " of the working people
of that State, and made elaborate reports to
the Legislature. Those reports present a pain-
ful picture of the condition of that people. In
the language of one of them, "the evidence
produced almost challenged belief." The com-
missioners appointed in 1865 use this language:
"From an agricultural and rural population in
1820 wo have become a great manufacturing: com-
munity, with numerous large towns and cities. As
a people we have not awakened to the exigencies of
our new condition, and our means of social and
intellectual improvement and culture are in no ade-
quate proportion to the density and urban character
of our population.
Much of the work done in the manufactur-
ing establishments of that State is of such a
character that children can perform it as well
as adults. Their labor being on that account
in great demand, they are, as is shown by the
. testimony taken by the bureau of statistics,
"so overworked that because of physical ex-
haustion they are unfitted and unable to give
time or attention to the attainment of an edu-
cation." "At this moment," says the report
of that bureau, "spite of all law, children
under fifteen years of age and some under ten
are employed in factories all over the Slate
eleven hours a day." A superintendent of a
cotton-mill testifies that he has several hun-
dred children in his employ; '"that there is
not more than one half of them that can write
their names at all, and many of those who
can do it but imperfectly; there is no system
of schooling and but a small portion have at-
tended school atall." In thirteen manufactur-
ing towns of that State, having 28,880 school
children, there is an average school attendance
of only 16,166. In twenty-four farming towns
6,709 children show an attendance of only
4,438.. In the year 1869 only 23,135 persons
over fifteen years of age in the whole State
attended public schools.
The commissioner of the bureau of statistics
of that State says that—
"The State and th e Republic are in danger of being
controlled by corporations; that in Massachusetts
itself, spite of her laws, children under as well as
over ten years are employed over ten hours a day,
and thattoo, in many cases, without the legal school-
ing; and yet the strong manner in which the fact
has been represented to the Legislature has failed to
secure an effective law preventive of the acknowl-
edged evil."
It may be that one of the objects of this bill
is to force the State Legislature of Massachu-
setts to pass such laws as will rescue these
overworked children from a fate thus imposed
by parents covetous of their earnings and em-
ployers greedy of the -wealth they produce. But
However much I sympathize with the laboring
people of that State, I cannot agree that Con-
gress can give them the relief intended by this
bill.
To give the House a still better idea of the
educational provision made by that State for
her factory children I send to the Clerk and
ask him to read the testimony of one witness,
as a sample of that of others, reported by the
bureau of statistics of that State last March.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Testimony of an overlooker of seventeen years'
experience, five in this country and twelve in Eng-
land, in a cotton-mill: worked in Englandunderthe
ten-hour law; is familiar with the system of inspec-
tion in England; has seen an inspector enter dis-
guised as a laborer; he forbade any one leaving the
room until after the inspection; found thirty or
more children working contrary to law, for which
the owner was fined. Now works eleven hours per
day, except Saturday; thinks there are many.chil-
dren under fifteen years ol age; according to the
best of my knowledge, I believe there are one hun-
dred and fifty under that age in the room in which
I am employed; one, a girl, measuring four feet fire
inches high, weighing sixty-two pounds; another,
about the same height, weighing sixty-four and a
half pounds; think they are about eleven years of
age. These children are poor, emaciated, and sickly;
none of thern have attended school during tho past
year. Six years ago Iran night-work from six forty-
live p. m. to six a. m., with forty-five minutes tor
meals, eating in the room. The children were drowsy
and sleepy ; have known them to fall asleep stand-
ing up at their work. Some of these children are
now working in tho mill, and appear to be under
fifteen years of age. I have had to sprinkle water
in their laces to arouse them, after having spoken
to them till hoarse; this was done gently, without
any intention of hurting them."
Mr. McNEELY. No wonder that the re-
port on the condition of the factory children
of Springfield, Massachusetts, should state that
the two and a half hours which they are
allowed from hours of labor to spend in the
school-room is t4real rest" to them. No won-
der that the commissioner who reported upon
the condition of the factory children of that
State exclaims : " God help them if man's law
cannot!" No wonder that this commissioner,
beholding the horrible future to which the
laboring people of that State are drifting un-
less relief speedily comes, should say:
" Rather than that such measure! ess misery should
como, and if there be no hope from those that now
control, and deaf ears be turned to supplicating cryt
