1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7m
and referred to it as a reason why we should
declare war against Spain and take Cuba. I
want to hear the gentleman saying with equally
persuasive tongue that in a part of the country
where nine American citizens are taken and
one shot, and the eara cut from the rest of
them, it is necessary to declare war against
that district so far as representation is con-
cerned. There were nine American citizens
taken out. one killed and eight let loose after
the most degrading and revolting punishment.
And that is not denied. It is simply said that
it is not countenanced. Let me say to this
House that if we countenance it we make our-
selves responsible for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, Ido not desire
to occupy the time of the House bat for a few
moments. This case, to my mind, is so clear
that I do not deem it necessary. The right of
my colleague, Mr. Corker, to a seat in this
House hardly admits of argument. The cre-
dentials that I have submitted show a prima
facie right; and I cannot believe that this
House, in view of its past action in contested-
election cases, will refuse to give him the seat
to which ho has been elevated by the voters of
his district. The arguments that have been
advanced do not meet the point. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] talks
of intimidation and outrages that have been
committed in Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the
last few years this House and the other end
of the Capitol—nay, sir, the city of Washing-
ton and the whole North—have been surfeited
with the eloquent recitals of the wrongs and
outrages committed by the good people of
Georgia.
Sir, in reply to all these charges, so wan-
tonly made, I desire simply to state that the
pictures that have been drawn in the heat of
debate upon this floor are creations of the
imagination, and do not exist in point of fact.
That there have been irregularities, that there
have been indiscretions on the part of some
of its people, I do not pretend to deny; but
when we remember the condition in which
the State has been placed, when we recall
the legislation of Congress with regard to the
State of Georgia, and the unconstitutional acts
of its State Legislature, are you, Mr. Speaker,
or the members of this House, surprised to
learn or hear of occasional irregularities or
indiscretions? But, sir, are we to base our
action upon the case now before the House
upon such flimsy pretenses? Are we not sit-
ting here as judges, sitting here with judicial
powers? Are we to condemn without trial?
Are we to disregard the broad seal of the
State? Would it not be wiser, better, and in
accordance with established precedent to admit
Mr. Corker to his seat and let all these ques-
tions be settled by contest? I trust and I
believe such will be the action of the majority
of this House.
Now, it is foreign to my purpose to discuss
at this time the action of the people of Geor-
gia, except so far as the action of the people
of the fifth district may affect the right of Mr.
Corker to his seat in this body.
Mr. Speaker, 1 was reared and have spent
the most of my life in the State of Georgia,
and a portion of that time has been spent in
the fifth congressional district, and it affords
me pleasure as a Representative upon thisfloor
to bear testimony to the character, integrity,
and honesty of purpose of the people of that
district. The charges that have been made
here to-day against the people of that district
grate harshly upon my feelings, and I will
not believe in the truth of one of these charges
until convinced by evidence jifter a thorough
investigation. I believe them to be false. I
do not believe that there is a more peaceable
or law-abiding people within the bounds of the
Union than the people of the fifth congres-
sional district of Georgia. Standingin myplace
here to-day listening to the bitter charges, in
41sx Cong. 3d Sess,-—No. 45.
my opinion so unjustly made, I cannot forget
the chivalrous character of the people of this
district, and my feelings go out to them with all
the fervor of an ardent temperament. Their
kindness to me and their confidence, evidenced
in my past association and intercourse with
them, bids me say this much, and in justice
to them I might say much more.
I might send to the Clerk's desk this Police
Gazette [holding up a paper] and have it read
by the Clerk, and the blood, probably, of every
member of this House would curdle before he
would finish.
I do not deny that there have been irregu-
larities in the election in a few of the counties
in this gentleman's district; and I said when I
first brought up this matter that I moved that
he be sworn in without any desire to prejudice
any of the rights of the contestant. And to
show that the gentleman claiming the seat
desires to do everything fair, I may state that
the law allowed him thirty days in which to
answer the contestant, and he has agreed to a
resolution, which was adopted by the House
this morning, to answer the notice of contest
to-morrow, to commence taking testimony in
his district next Monday, and to close the case
earlier than he is required by law to file his
answer. He ha,s agreed to close the case on
the 18th of February, or in less than one
fourth of the time which the law allows him.
If the House shall then adjudge that Mr.
Corker is not entitled to the seat, the contest-
ant can be seated, and I hope if he is not
entitled to his seat the House will seat the
contestant. I appeal to the Republican mem-
bers of the House, who have the power to
throw out Mr. Corker, to seat him on the
prima facie evidence. His prima facie title is
in every way perfect. His credentials are pre-
cisely the same as those upon which the other
members from Georgia have been admitted to
their seats. He conies here with a majority
of 6,000 in his district. You can throw out
the county in which the managers of election
have been arrested, you may throw out the
counties in which the alleged outrages have
been committed, you may throw out half a
dozen other counties, and still the gentleman
will have a majority. I am told by Mr. Corker
that the vote of Jefferson has been thrown out.
But I want to give you a little history of this
contest. Although the thirty days had expired
since the election, we heard nothing of this
contest until we came here, and if Mr. Corker
bad been here the day we were sworn in the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.] the
chairman of the Committee of Elections,
would have moved that he be sworn in also ;
but he did not get hero until the 17th instant,
and that very morning he was served with a
noticc of coutest, dated on that morning, and
in the handwriting of an attorney, who comes
here, I suppose, to get a fee out of this case.
Mr. Bryant, the distinguished Republican who
is managing this case lor the contestant, was a
member of the last Legislature of Georgia, and
was a candidate for election in_ the county of
Richmond at the last election. Now, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] alleges
that the majority for Mr. Corker was excessive.
Mr. Bryant says in his memorial that it was
excessive. But in the county of Richmond the
Republican majority in 1868 was 1,200, and at
the recent election there was a Democratic
majority of 497, making a difference of 1,697
votes; and yet Mr. BryantandMr. Beard admit
that the election in Richmond county was fair.
Now, if the Democrats had gained in the same
proportion throughout the district, Mr. Corker
would have come here with a majoritj' not of
0,000, but of 12,000.
It is well known, Mr. Speaker, that the
Republican party in that district has been
divided, and that there were two Republican
conventions to nominate a candidate for Con-
gress in that district. The contestant was
nominated by the first convention, which was
called by the opponents of Bullock and Blod-
gett, who are at the head of the Republican
party in Georgia. A new convention was called
to nominate another Republican candidate in
opposition to Beard, but it miled of its ohject;
but nevertheless the Republican party of the
district was divided, and that was the cause of
the large Democratic majority.
In 1868, six months after the first election,
in which this district was carried by the Repub-
licans, the district then went by a large fnajor-
ity for the Democratic candidates; between
two or three thousand majority, I believe.
There are sixteen counties in this district,
and, as 1 said before, if the same proportion
of changes was to run through all the sixteen
counties which this gentleman has in Rich-
mond county, in which county, as admitted by
the contestant, the election was perfectly fair
in every respect, he would have come here with
a majority of 12,000 instead of a majority of
6,000. It is a singular fact that in nearly every
precinct and county of this district there were
United States soldiers; and it would be also
a remarkable fact if these outrages were com-
mitted under the eyes of United States troops
who were .sent there to protect legal voters.
These outliages, if committed at all, were com-
mitted before and after the election, but none
daring the election.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will thegentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. YOUNG. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in his remarks
just submitted by him, has complained that
while these outrages are condemned by the
Democratic papers of Georgia and by the
people of that State generally, the criminals
themselves are not condemned. In that way
he makes a point upon the people of Georgia.
What I wish to inquire of the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Young] is whether the whole
executive power, State and national, and most
of the judicial power o£ the State of Georgia,
is not now in the hands of members of the
Republican party ?
Mr. YOUNG. Every bit of it.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then is not the charge
that these men are not prosecuted and con-
demned one which lies at the door of Repub-
lican officials and not of Democrats?
•Mr. YOUNG. Of course it does.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a single remark right here. I would
inquire if in the case of outrage, the news-
paper account of which was read by the Clerk,
did not the Governor, the executive power of
Georgia, put these men in jail in the course
of the execution of the law, and were they not
taken out against the execution of the laws?
Mr. YOUNG. Ido not myself know that
they were taken out at all; all we have is a
mere newspaper report. I now yield to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] for a
few minutes.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
the question presented by the pending motion
is a very narrow one, and one which ought
not, under any such circumstances as now
surround us, to embarrass the' House .for a
single moment. I think the duty of the House
is very clear, notwithstanding all that has been
said by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.] All we need to do is to follow faith-
fully and consistently the established law of
the House in such cases. This conduct is
demanded by considerations of the plainest
justice. Arbitrary disregard of it^ can only
result in evil; evil precedents, injustice to con-
stituencies, the unsettling of rules of safe con-
duct, and general recklessness in the action of
legislative bodies in speh matters.
Here comes a member-elect from the State
of Georgia. He presents to this House his
credentials, admitted to be in due and regular
form; there is no question about that. These
credentials come from the Governor of that
