1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
nounce them remained safely at home, and
1 am getting tired of that sort of denunciation.
I know very well that the only success these
gentlemen can hope for is in preventing peace
and quiet in the country by keeping up this
agitation. The testimony has shown the cor-
ruption in this Freedmen's Bureau, and I hope
we will put an end to it once and forever.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as Follows :
For unfulfilled contracts for the? erection and re-
pair of school buildings and asylums, and for un-
settled miscellaneous claims due to the internal
revenue department, commissary department, and
on judgments of Court of Claims for allowances of
returned officers, $47,000.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike oat the para-
graph which has ju3t been read. It covers a
wide and general scope, and under it, I pre-
sume, the discussion of this question would
not be so confined as under the preceding para-
graphs. When I moved to strike out the first
paragraph appropriating money to the hospital
for the Freedmen's Bureau I had no expecta-
tion of attracting the attention of both sides
of the House in a debate of a very wide, gen-
eral, scattering, and somewhat bitter and
partisan character. I was actuated solely and
exclusively by a desire to appropriate money
properly, without any intention of aiding my
party or reflecting upon the other party. I
wished, if possible, to confine this appropri-
ation bill to the narrow limits iu which it is
properly and should be, in my judgment,
ordinarily confined. But, sir, we have had a
reference to the Democratic party by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, and finally to my-
self. Quotations have been read from the
Speaker's table of some comments or remarks
made by a member of the other House upon a
speech which it is alleged I had made. But I
call the attention of the House to the fact that
the speech I did make was not sent up to be
read. Be that as it may, whatever I said years
ago, whatever I may have done, has nothing to
do with this question.- Whatever has been the
antecedent position of the Democratic party
has nothing to do with this question. The
simple question is this, whether under an
appropriation bill, proposing to appropriate
money for deficiencies for the fiscal year, we
shall include items which have no foundation
in law. for which there is no law existing,
bat which has been spent from the public
Treasury in defiance of-express interdiction
of the law. *
Sir, reference has been made to General
Howard, it will be remembered thatnearlya
year ago I preferred charges against General
Howard. 1 did so from a conscientious sense
of public duty, from the conviction that the
administration of the Freedmen's Bureau, a
bureau of the War Department, had been cor-
rupt, had been profligate, had been used for a
partisan purpose, had been used for the pur-
pose of taking money from the public Treasury
and enriching the officers who were directlyin !
charge of the bureau. The House will remem-
ber that it referred the investigation of the sub-
ject to the Committee on Education and Labor.
And, sir, I may as well say it here, because it
is not probable that at this late hour of the ses-
sion I shall have an opportunity to discuss the
report of that committee hereafter ; I may as
well say here, and I say it free from bias,
I say it conscientiously upon my word, upon
my honor as a member of this House and as
a gentleman, that I proved .fourteen out of
fifteen allegations preferred against General
Howard, and that the proof sworn before that
committee, the evidence and testimony taken
to substantiate those charges, was not met by
General Howard. He called no witnesses to
rebut them, and although the committee took
his own testimony without swearing him, al-
though he was a witness for himself, he failed
entirely to meet the allegations which I pre-
ferred against him.
Now, I desire to send to the Clerk's desk to
be read a statement of what, in my judgment,
I have proved with reference to the adminis-
tration of this bureau.
TfaeSPEAKER. Thegentleman:stimehas
expired. To have the document read would
require an extension of the gentleman's time.
Mr. WOOD. Then I ask leave to have it
printed in the Globe.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to its being printed.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent that
the paper may be read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. KELSEY and Mr. BEAMAN objected.
Mr. WOOD. Iask unanimous consent, then,
that it may be printed in the Globe.
Mr. LOGAN. I would prefer hearing it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to leave
being given to have the paper printed in the
Globe? The Chair hears none.
The document is as follows:
First. Improperly and without authority of law
drawn from the public Treasury, under pretext of
legal expenditures, $663,255 95, by which he bought
lands, erected buildings, and furnished the same fpr
an institution established by and named after him-
self, called the Howard University; that ill-gotten
and much abused power. These statements are not
mere declamation. They are facts in evidence before
the committee. How that committee can justify this
attempt to whitewash he could not understand.
The testimony would go before the people, and
from it the committee should have known the lie
would be given to the report it now presents. But
he was not surprised at the conduct of the committee
in this respect.
From the commencement of the investigation to
the conclusion it had obstructed and prevented the
introduction of evidence to elicit the truth. It had
gone so far as to refuse to have witnesses brought to
the door of the committee-room to prove frauds upon
Howard of the most shameful character, and had
actually fixed a time, one month ago, when no more
witnesses should be subpenaed, though many were
yet to be examined in behalf of the charges. And
yet all the allegations made had been fully sustained.
He had proved every charge, and gone further and
discovered and proved others in addition.
The testimony in detail proves that General 0. 0.
Howard, Commissioner of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands, has been guilty of malfeasance
and abuse of his official duties, inasmuch as he has
used this institution as a private corporation, created
by act of Congress approved March 2, 1S67; that he
is president ot the same, and has exclusive personal
control over this property as the private property
of this corporation; that this corporation, by and
with bis consent, sold a large part of the land thus
bought by him to private parties, placing the
moneys thus derived into its private funds, and not
accounting for it to the Treasury of the United
States; that this institution has been mainly sup-
ported by him with funds drawn from the Treasury
of the United States; that he pays rent as Commis-
sioner to it for the use of rooms tor his headquarters
and for hospital purposes ; that the salaries of the
professors and the cost of uniforms and other con-
tingent expenditures are paid by his direction from
funds under his control as Commissioner of this
bureau.
Second. That in the construction of the Howard
University hehad a direct, pecuniary,personal inter-
est inasmuch as he was the principal owner of a pat-
ent right for the making of the chief material used,
was the supply of that material, for which $27,766 26
and paid by drafts upon the Treasury ot the United
State3 by his ordeY and direction; and that he de-
voted a part of the land thus bought and paid for
from the public Treasury for his own use, by getting
a deed for it from tho trustees of the university,
upon which he has erected his present private resi-
dence.
Third. That he corruptly caused, or was cognizant
of, the improper diversion of public property to the
use of the private company of which he was a member
in the erection of the Howard University buildings.
Fourth. That he persisted in the use of the material
in which he had a personal interest for the construc-
tion of these buildings after it was evident that it
was unfit and unsafe tor such a purpose.
Fifth. That he diverted $38,000 of the public money
intrusted to his custody for the education of freed-
men and refugees to aid in the erection of the first
Congregational church of Washington city, that
edifice being built almost, if not altogether, by How-
ard from the funds thus corruptly given.
Sixth. That he has received large suras for Howard
University as compensation for services rendered
in the procuring of donations, and that he caused a
salary of $5,000 a year to be voted to himself by res-
olution of the board for his services as president,
though at the same time in receipt of pay as a major
general of the United States Army, in violation of
Army regulations.
Seventh. That he illegally and corruptly diverted
public money in aid of the Young Men's Christian
Association of Washington city, taking the building
stock of that association, for which he paid tho pub-
lic funds, under the pretense of appropriating those
funds to educational purposes, as authorized by law.
Eighth. That he illegally and corruptly took
S8 4G175 from the public Treasury, under the pre-
text of devoting it to the St. Augustine Normal
School of Raleigh,North Carolina, for the education
of freedmen, whereas, he gave that school a piece ot
land, situated in Washington city, belonging to him-
self, in lieu ot money, taking the money and using it
in the construction of his private residence.
Ntnth. That he illegally andcorruptiycaused$77,000
of the refugees' and freedinen's lund to bo drawn
from the public Treasury, and placed it in the hands
of himself and two others, whom he denominated
"trustees of the Barry farm fund;" that he sub-
sequently used a part of this fund ior personal, polit-
ical. and religious objects, by which ne, his brother,
and his business and political friends derived large
pecuniary advantage.
Tenth. That he has acted corruptly in the use of
moneys intrusted to him, and, in complicity with the
Freedmen's Saving-Bank, of which he is the vice
president and chief manager, paying from £he pub-
lic moneys rent for the offices ot these banks and
branches, making them public depositaries in disre-
gard of law, and permitting officers of .the bureau to
be also officers of the banks, agencies for the pay-
ment of colored bounties, and in the management
and direction of freedmen's affairs.
Eleventh. That he has prostituted the high and re-
sponsible duties of the Commissioner of Freedmen's
Affairs to political and pecuniary purposes, using its
power over the new-made colored citizens, so as to
bring them entirely under the control and authority
of himself and those who act with him and support
him in this iniquity; that through the bureau he has
managed to obtain control of the social, religious,
and political operations of this now powerful class,
makingitsubservient to these objects. In the accom-
plishment of these purposes he has been allowed to
use, through his agents, the civil and military power
of the Government; he has spent 820.000,000 of tho
people's money, inculcated principles of religious
intolerance with the zeal of mistaken philanthropy
and the prescriptive bigotry of partisan and sec-
tional prejudice. Through and by these means he
has defrauded the Government, oppressed the col-
ored man, aided his party, and enriched himself
and others who have cooperated with him in these
designs and objects.
Mr. TOWNSEND. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood] has stated on his
honor as a member of this House that he has
proved fourteen of the fifteen charges which
he made against General Howard to be true.
That was the gentleman's statement if I un-
derstood him correctly.
Mr. WOOD. I said so.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Well, I say upon my
honor as a member of this House that eight
members of the committee to whom the invest-
igation was intrusted, seven members of that
committee besides myself—that eight out of
the ten members composing the committee,
after having investigated the charges which
the gentleman from New York chose to make
against General Howard, found that the whole
of them, from beginning to end, were without
foundation.
In regard to these charges against General
Howard I will say that I was in no way aston-
ished when, a few months ago, the gentleman
from New York stood up in his place, and,
taking an unfair advantage of the right to make
a personal explanation, introduced a bill of
indictment of fifteen counts against General
Howard. I was not surprised at it, for I
remembered well that in 1861, before the war
actually began, before a shot had been fired
in anger at that flag above your head, the gen-
tleman from New York, then mayor of that
city, gravely proposed to sever the Union by
taking that great commercial city out of it.
Mr. WOOD. It is false, and the gentleman
knows it is false.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. TOWNSEND. I will read the precise
words, if I am allowed time and opportunity.
Several Members. Go on ; read them.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I find in the first vol-
ume of McPherson's History, page 443, the
text-work on the rebellion, these words as hav-
ing been written by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] to the common council of
that city:
"It would seem that a dissolution of the Union is
inevitable." * * * * "With our ag-
grieved brethren of the slave States we have friendly
relationfandacommoasympathy." * * *
"Much, no doubt, can be said m favor of the jus-
tice and policy of a separation." * * *
" When disunion has become a fixed and certain
fact, why may not New York disrupt the bands whieh
bind her to a venal and corrupt master—to a peo-
ple and a party that have plundered her revenues,
attempted to ruin her commerce, taken away the
power of self-government, and destroyed the Cor,-
federaeyof which she was the proud empire city?
Amid the gloom whieh the present and prospective
condition of things must cast over tho country. Now
