98
AifTENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. op Reps.
National Education—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
welfare of the United States; but all duties, im-
posts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the
United States."
It is contended that this clause confers upon
Congress the power to "provide for the com-
mon d-sfense and general welfare of the Uni-
ted States." If this is its true construction,
then the enumeration of other specific powers,
which immediately follow this clause, become
■unimportant and unnecessary, and the Gen-
eral Government becomes one of general and
unlimited powers. The proper construction
is, that the words "to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises" is a specific
power conferred upon Congress, and the words
"to pay the debts and provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the United
States" is the limitation upon that power.
Mr. Justice Story says it should be construed
as if it read "the Congress shall have power
to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises, in order to pay the debts and to pro-
vide for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States;" that is, for the
purpose of paying the public debts and pro-
viding for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States. Those" are the
specific objects for which Congress may exer-
cise the power of taxation, and it cannot con-
stitutionally go beyond them.
Mr. Jefferson, in his opinion on the Bank
of the United States, discussing this clause,
says:
" To lay taxes to provide for tho genoral welfare
of tho United States is to lay taxes ior the purpose
of providing for tho genera I welfare. For the lay-
ing of taxes is tho power, and the sroncral welfare the
purpose for which the power, is to be exercised.
Congress are not to lay taxes ad libitum for any pur-
pose they please, but only to pay the debts or provide
for the general welfare of the Union. In like man-
ner they aro not to do anything they please to pro-
vide for the general welfaro, but only to lay taxes
for that purpose."
Mr. Hamilton held the same opinion in his
Treasury report on manufactures, and in his
argument on the constitutionality of a national
bank. The same opinion has been adopted by
• Congress, and by the Supreme Court of the
United States in an opinion delivered by Chief
Justice Marshall.
But it is said that Congress has from time
to time given public lands or their proceeds
to the States for the benefit of common schools
and agricultural colleges, and that therefore
the power of Congress necessary to the pas-
sage of this bill has been admitted. The power
to encourage education within the States is
very different from the power to regulate and
control it.^ Congress lias power to encour-
age education by donating to the States public
lands or their proceeds, but when the dona-
tion has been made the power of Congress
ceases and the Slates have exclusive control
over the subject. The authority from which
I have just quoted traces this power to the
second clause of the third section of the fourth
article of the Constitution, which provides—
"That Congress shall liavo power to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory or other property belonging to tho
United States."
The power to dispose of the territory of the
United States carries with it the power to de-
vote the public lands or their proceeds to any
objects which are for the common benefit of
the Union.
A few days ago, when this bill was under
discussion, I asked the gentleman who re-
ported it _[Mr. Hoar] to state the clause of
the Constitution which conferred upon us tlie
power to pass it. He answered me by reading
that clause, which is in these words:
"Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department or
oibcer thereof."
I reply to the gentleman, in the language of
a distinguished jurist of his own State, that
" the plain import of this clause is that Con-
gress shall have all the incidental and instru-
mental powers necessary and proper to carry
into execution all the express powers. It
neither enlarges any power specifically granted
nor is it a grant of any new power to Con-
gress. ''
Now, sir, if the gentleman could show me
the clause of the Constitution which grants to
Congress the " express power" of regulating
the educational affairs of a State, as this bill
proposes, then I would admit that the clause
which he quotes gives us power " to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper " to
carry that power into execution.
The gentleman from Massachusetts asks the
question if the General Government has power
to build court-houses and post offices within
the States, why does it not have power to
build school-houses and establish schools within
them? My answer is that the power to build
court-houses and jiost offices is derived from
the power to establish courts and post offices
and post roads, which is expressly granted
by the Constitution. But the gentleman is
unable to point out in the Constitution any
express grant of power to Congress over the
subject of education within the States, and
hence Congress cannot rightfully make laws
for the building of school-houses and estab-
lishment of schools within the States. He
must first find the power, then he can ask us to
carry it out by necessary and proper laws.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] claims that the fourth section of the
fourth article of the Constitution clothes Con-
gress with the necessary power to pass this
bill. That section is in these words:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government and
shall protect each of them against invasion ; and on
application of the Legislature or of the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
He, and I believe the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hoak,] contend that to have a
republican form of government a State must
make suitable provision for the education of all
its youth. Otherwise the United States must
guaranty such republican form of government
to such State by establishing Federal schools
within its borders. If this position is correct,
then not one of the States that first formed
the Union had a republican form of govern-
ment at the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion, because not one of them made sucli edu-
cational provision for its youth at that time.
It is absurd and preposterous to suppose that
the States were guilty of such self-condemna-
tion by such a declaration in the Constitution.
On the contrary, this clause was adopted by
a unanimous vote of the Convention, for the
purpose of securing to the States the repub-
lican form of government which they then had.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question?
Mr. McNEELY. I will, for a question.
_Mr. LAWRENCE. Suppose a State should
fail to make any provision for education, could
that State be said to have a republican form
of government?
Mr. McNEELY. Yes, sir. As the gentle-
man seems to persist in his opinion, I will give
him the opinion of Mr. Madison. Discussing
this section of the Constitution in the Federal-
ist, he says that "the authority" conferred by
this section upon the General Government—
"Extends no furtherthant® a guarantee of a repub-
lican form of government which supposes a preex-
isting Government of tho form which is to be guar-
antied. As long, therefore, as the existing repub-
lican forms are continued by the States, they are
guarantied by the Federal Constitution, The only
restriction impo*sed upon them is that they shall
not exchange republican for anti-republican con-
stitutions—a restriction which, it is presumed, will
hardly be considered as a grievance."
* * * m f ■< .}: a •<: * *
"In a confederacy founded on republican princi-
ples and composed of republican members, the super-
intending government ought clearly to possess au-
thority to defend the system against aristocratic
or monarchical innovations."
The construction placed upon this part of the
Constitution by the friends of this bill is a part of
that political theory of the leaders of the party
in power lately adopted by them for the pur-
pose of subduing the States and overthrowing
our form of government. To them we are
indebted for the wonderful discovery that the
Union was formed by States which did not
have then, and some of which never have had,
republican forms of government. In fact,
some of those leaders seem to think that the
duty of the General Government to guaranty
a republican form of government to the States
means that Congress shall either by fraud or
violence guaranty the control of the Repub-
lican party over the States. They go upon
the idea that the defeat of the Republican
party in a State, especially in the South, is
sufficient evidence of an overthrow of its re-
publican form of government; in short, that
the States had no republican form of govern-
ment until the Republican party came into
power. It seems, however, that the people of
many of the States are not of that opinion,
and that this theory of those leaders is grow-
ing still more unpopular.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask that my colleague
be permitted to finish his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. McNEELY. I thank my colleague and
the House for this courtesy. I was about to
observe that Mr. Justice Story, in his Com-
mentaries on the Constitution of the United
States, has given us his opinion of the power
of the General Government over the educa-
tional affairs of the States. In discussing the
question whether the power of Congress to
regulate manufactures can be derived from the
power to regulate commerce, he says :
"The point in controversy is whether Congress
has a right to regulate that which is not committed
to it under a power which is committed to it simply
because there is or may be an intimate connection
between the powers. If this were admitted the
enumeration of the powers of Congress would be
wholly unnecessary and nugatory. Agriculture, col-
onies, capital, machinery, the wages of labor, the
profits of stock, the rents of land, the punctual per-
formance of contracts, and the diffusion of knowl-
edge would all bo within the scope of the power, for
all of them bear an intimate relation to commerce.
The result would be that the powers of Congress
would embrace the widest extent of legislativef unc-
tions, to tho utter demolition of all constitutional
boundaries between the State and national Govern-
ments." * * * * "The power to regu-
late manufactures not having been confided to Con-
gress, they have no more right to act upon if. than
they have to interfere with the systems of educa-
tion, the poor laivs, or the road laws of tho States."
These are the opinions of that great law
writer and jurist who sat as a judge upon the
bench of the Supreme Court of the United
States for thirty-four yeais. He puts the power
to regulate the "diffusion of knowledge"
upon the same footing with the power to reg-
ulate the wages of labor, the profits of stock,
the rents of laftd, and the punctual perform-
ance of contracts ; and the power to interfere
with the "systems of education" upon the
same footing with the power to interfere
with the poor laws and road laws of the States.
They are each and all proper subjects for State
legislation and have no place among the pow-
ers of Congress. It was for the declared pur-
pose of removing all doubt as to the fact that
the Federal Government was restrained from
assuming and exercising powers over such sub-
jects that the States ratifying the adoption of
the Constitution insisted upon an amendment
to it, which was adopted in these words:
' J*16 powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the States are
reserved to the States respectively or to the people."
It was thought that this amendment would
quiet all apprehensions and prevent the possi-
