mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Oath of Office—Mr. Sargent.
Ho. of Heps.
bility of usurpation of power by the General
Government.
It is, perhaps, worthy of remark in this
connection that Massachusetts contributed as
much, perhaps more than any other State, to
the adoption of this amendment. In the con-
vention of that State which ratified the Consti-
tution, nearly all of the debates turned upon
the questiou of power which the Constitu-
tion, if adopted, would confer upon the Gen-
eral Government, and great opposition was
made to its adoption, because it was feared
that powers not expressly delegated would be
assumed. Amendments to the Constitution
were therefore suggested by that convention,
one of which was substantially the same as the
one fiually adopted, which I have just quoted.
On the 6th of February, 1788, Massachusetts
in convention ratified the Constitution, and
adopted a report in which it declared :
"And as it is the opinion of this convention that
certain amendments and alterations in the said Con-
stitution would remove the fears and quiet the ap-
prehensions of many of the good people of this Com-
monwealth and more effectually gua.rfl against an
undue administration of the Federal Government,
the convention do therefore recommend that the fol-
lowing alterations and provisions be introduced into
thesaid Constitution: first, that it be explicitly de-
clared that all powers not expressly delegated by the
aforesaid Constitution are reserved to the several
SUte3 to bo by them exercised."
It seems that Massachusetts, in 1871, has
justified the fears which "the good people of
that Commonwealth" entertained in 1788, for
her Representatives are here attempting to
pass this bill by which Congress will assume a
power "not expressly delegated by the Con-
stitution."
I beg of the other side of this House to
remember and redeem the pledge which the
Republican party made in 1860, and to go
back to the ground which it then claimed to
occupy. In its platform of principles upon
which it elected Mr. Lincoln in that year it
was declared—
" That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of
the States, and especially the right of each State to
order and control its own domestic institutions ae-
coiding to its own judgment exclusively, is essential
to that balance of power on which the perfection and
endurance of our political fabric depend."
It was upon that, as one of the pledges then
made to the people, that that party was in-
trusted with the reins of government. Yet
now its leaders scoff at the idea that the States
have any rights that Congress is bound to re-
spect. They regard as the only measure of
the power of Congress the physical power and
numerical strength of the party to pass a bill.
Sir, the public mind is becoming alarmed at
your continued disregard of the Constitution,
and demands an immediate return to its dele-
gated powers. You have refused to listen to
the protests of the Democratic party against
your invasion of the reserved rights of the
States and of the people, but those protests
have been taken up and repeated by the Re-
publican Governors of Illinois and Pennsyl-
vania, two of the leading Stales of the Union.
It is in the solemn form of messages to the
respective Legislatures of those States that
they utter their protests against your further
" interference with the sovereign rights of the
States." To such an extent have the leaders
of your party trampled upon the Constitution
and disregarded its restrictions, when the State
and the citizen had most need of its protect-
ing shield, that Governor Palmer, of Illinois,
said in his inaugural address that—
" One of tho most unhappy results of the great con-
test through which tfcfe nation has passed is the
confusion produced in tho public mind as to the
relative powers of the national and State govern-
ments."
In his last message to the General Assembly
of the State of Illinois, after denying " that it
is within the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to authorize the construction of railways
in the States or to create incorporations for
that purpose, or to regulate or control exist-
ing railway corporations m any way what-
ever," betakes high ground upon the doctrine
of State rights, and declares that—
" To maintain the usefulness of the State govern-
ments it must be established that their powers are
in no sense subordinate or dependent, but that
under our political system the grasp of the States
upon their own proper functions is as firm and
uncontrollable as that of tho Government of the
United States; that each are essential parts of our
admirable political system, and their orbits in that
system being defined, they are each suprome and
alike indestructible."
Sir, let me appeal to you to pause in your
conquest of the States. Refuse to enter upon
this invasion of the most sacred right of the
people. Turn your footsteps into those good
old paths trod by the founders and fathers of
the Republic, and, leaving to the States the
unrestricted regulation of their own domestic
affairs, let us turn our attention to those duties
marked out by the Constitution.
Oath of Office.
SPEECH OF HON. A. A. SAKGENT,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 1, 1871,
On the joint resolution (S. R. No. 218) prescribing
an oath of office to be taken by persons who partici-
pated in the late rebellion, but who are not dis-
qualified from holding office by the fourteenth
amendment to tho Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SARGENT. In completing the work of
reconstruction, something remains to be done
while there is insecurity at the South and
many instances of violence and persecution
against loyalists. No reasonable man can
deny that there is still political turbulence and
intolerance, that men are proscribed socially,
and even physically abused; that there are
offenses against good order, and not unfre-
quent intimidation to control elections or re-
venge political defeats. While our policy has
provided laws designed to protect the humblest.,
that policy has sometimes been defeated by
want of public opinion as good as the laws. It
is time to ascertain if there are not irritations
that we can remove, and thus correct public
opinion where it is vicious. Such examina-
tion and reflection as I have been able to give
to this matter lead me to believe that we may
take several steps in the way of conciliation
safely which heretofore we have feared to
take. I would much rather have a chance to
give a vote for a law that would sweep all dis-
abilities from the statute book than for this
partial one ; but this bill is in the right direc-
tion, and I shall vote for it as the best now
attainable.
While a Republican Administration holds
power there can be no need of the test-oath to
be taken by appointees to office. It is not to
be presumed that the Republican Presidents
will appoint any except those who sincerely
accept the situation and have returned to their
duty. Why exclude such by your test-oaths?
Under existing laws any of these men reached
by this bill can be elected and hold State
offices. What do we gain by excluding them
from postmasterships, &c., if they are such as
Grant would appoint? But the whole system
of exclusion is wrong. You do not exclude the
worst characters. You merely bar out intelli-
gence, while you leave free the willing tool or
ignorantly malicious. In every event you give
access to the ballot-boxes to all classes. There
is no prohibition of suffrage to any man or
class of men. If rebels have the power to elect
in any district why not let them exercise that
power by a fitting exponent of their views and
character, known as such by the whole coun-
try, by which their animus maybe known, and
the party which affiliates with -them in the
North exposed and disgraced, rather than com-
pel them to select one as vile or as wicked,
but who can assume a virtue for himself or
party that he does not possess? The rebel
raider in the Chicago convention did more
damage to Seymour's cause with the people
than he ever did good to his darling confed-
eracy by his achievements in the field. Let
such men come to the surface if our friends the
Democrats wish to bring them there.
But it is said that disabilities should not be
removed until outrages cease. May I not ask
if there is not an excuse ready by those who
countenance outrages, which perhaps would
cease if they discontenanced them? How can
you expect a man who is deprived of part of
the rights of citizenship to trouble himself that
good order be maintained ? It is said that
disabilities are for security and not for pun-
ishment. They in fact answer neither pur-
pose. They are not punishment, for they do
not pretend to reach the most guilty as a rule;
and they are not a security for the same rea-
son, and the additional one that they fret and
chafe many who would otherwise be quiet.
Every election puts them in mind of their
servitude. Their former slaves can not only
vote, but be voted for, and some of them now
hold seats on this floor. But they cannot be
voted for, and are thus inferior to their late
slaves. If this was merely to punish the fra-
tricidal blows struck at the nation, and impar-
tially reached all the guilty, or most of them,
it would be logical, and would be less irritat-
ing to the few. But it is not such. It is de-
signed to keep the peace! To keep the peace
by keeping up irritating distinctions! All
political power exercised through the ballot-
box you trust to these men, and you accept
their candidates when elected without ques-
tion. You thereby lose the moral force of a
conciliatory policy on such men while in no
degree curtailing their powerfor evil, of which
you invite the exercise.
Viewing this in no higher light than pol-
icy—-and the cry that disabilities shall not be
removed until outrages cease rises no higher
than that for its inspiration—it is good policy
to let the power go with the ballot that you
have already restored, and let the late rebels
understand that you are sincere in desiring
peace and to grant amnesty. The opposite
policy has lost us several States. No man can
doubt that we might have saved them all if
the local Republicans and Congress had had
the heart to tender the olive branch to those
who agitated for the removal of class dis-
tinctions. I believe that we shall lose every
southern State unless we change our policy in
this regard and remove the badges that we
have put upon some of our late foes while
treating them otherwise as citizens. Where
men have fought together in a cause, espe-
cially if unfortunate, they have naturally a
sympathy with those of their number who are
suffering" from the failure of the enterprise.
We may expect to see more and more those
men who stood with the rebels in the South,
but joined to aid the party of reconstruction
after the war, leave us if we refuse now to em-
brace their former associates in our amnesties.
These men will influence the colored vote
more or less, under pretense that they are
deprived of equality while others not less
involved in rebellion are admitted to free par-
ticipation in political rights. Thus one party
will fall to pieces in the South. Its disinte
gration has been partly accomplished in sev-
eral of these States, where, on the contrary, it
ought to be still strong and dominant. In
Louisiana we recently carried the State tri-
umphantly, and principally because our friends
there took ground for full amnesty. As a
question of policy, I say, it is foolish for _ us
to listen to prejudice or keef> up disabilities.
Bat, on principle, I believe in removing all
