708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 24,
"llesolved, That this board respectfully and ear-
nestly solicit the Presidont of the United States to
recommend to Congress such legislation as may be
deemed necessary to encourage and secure perma-
nency to the government organized by the Indians
in the Indian territory, for the benefit of themselves
and their race, and also such legislation as may be
deemed necessary for the absolute protection of the
Indian Territory, both east and west of the ninety-
sixth parallel of west longitude, from settlement by
the whites, in order that it may be preserved perma-
nently for the location of such other tribes of Indians
as may from time to time be induced to settle there-
on ; and that a copy of this resolution be forwarded
by the chairman, through tho Secretary of the Inte-
rior, to the President of tho United States."
January 16,1871.
I hereby certify that the above is atrue copy of the
resolution as copied from the minutes of the board
of Indian commissioners of this date*
VINCENT COLYER,
Secretary.
Agricultural report.
The committee to whom the duty was assigned of
reporting upon the agricultural interests and re-
sources of the Indian Territory regret to say that
they have no data upon which to estimate even
approximately the quantity of land in cultivation
within the limits of tho Territory.
The Creeks, Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws,
Scminoles, Shawnees, Senecas, Quapaws, and Otta-
was are an agricultural people and rely upon tho cul-
tivation of tho soil and the raising of stock for a
livelihood, aud tho Osages, Sacs and J^oxes, and
other tubes are making commendable piogress in
that direction. Theextentof their farms varies from
a few acres to two or three hundred, and in one
instance in the Chickasaw nation, in the fertile val-
ley of tho Washita, to more than two thousand acres.
While there arc many farms sufficiently largo, the
majority of them might be increased with great ad-
vantage. Tho interest in this respect is growing,
and since the close of the war to tho present time
there is a marked progress in the general improve-
ment of the buildings and farms among tho Indian
people.
In those respects there is wide room for advance-
ment, and this we confidently expect to witness
whenever the constant agitations in Congress and
elsewhere, which so much disturb tho secuuty of tho
people, and discourage all their efforts for improve-
ment, shall ccaso. But notwithstanding all adverso
influence*, the condition of tho people is not station-
ary, but progressive. Tho idea which obtains to a
considerable extent, in even otherwise well-inlormed
circles, remote fiom the homes of the Indians, that
they live by hunting, fishing, and trapping, is en-
tirely erroneous, so far as applied to tho nations and
tribes enumerated above. Thoy are settled and not
nomadiu in their habits, and rely upon the cultiva-
tion of thesoil for their subsistence. Theiradvance-
ment is not ail that we could desire, but is ail ear-
nest of bettei things in the futuie, and shows a sus-
ceptibility tor further improvement, and, with proper
efforts, the native ability to reach a genuine civiliza-
tion. A large area of the inhabited portion of the
Indian Territory is well adapted to the use of im-
proved agricultural implements. Their introduc-
tion as yet is limited, but perhaps equal to what
should bo expected when it is borne m mind how
much men are apt to do as their fathers did before
them, as their neighbors do around them, and as the
limited means at their disposal allow.
Reapers, mowers, and threshers, of different pat-
outs are seen m somo places, whilo improved plows
for turning prairie land and working crops are found
in large numbers. Wo would desire to impross the
people of tho Territory engaged in agricultuie with
the importance ot giving moro attention to this sub-
jocttbanjs now done. Good implements, well and
timely used, lighten tho burdens of labor, impart a
real pleasure to employment, and largely increase
results. They rolieve both man and beast and directly
increase the volue of time byincreasing its results.
The crops which can be profitably grown in the soil
andclimate of the Territory are verynearly all those
adapted to a rich soil and temperato latitude. Corn
is the staple crop, and even under our somewhat de-
fective plan of culture, yields, upon an average, from
thirty tosixty bushels per acre. In favorable seasons
it docs well in all portions of the Territory. Wheat is
not so generally grown as it should be; chiefly, we
apprehend, becauso of the scarcity of mills for the
manufacture of flour. The Cherokees, perhaps, grow
more than any nation in.the Territory. Tho average
yield is about fifteen bushels. It has been known to
Yield as high as forty-two. But few farmers there,
however, prepare tho soil and seed it down with tho
care that the crop demands.
South of the Canadian and Cnthe Arkansas and
Pved river and the upland intervening, cotton was
formerly extensively cultivated, and was the most
valuable crop of that region. We hope yet to see
it again whitening large and well-tilled fields, and
bringing in wealth and treasuie to our brothers of
the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations. The Chicka-
saw crop this year U estimated at five thousand
bales.
Of the grasses wo need soy but a word. Our
prairies furnish all that is now to be had and all that
seems to be cared for. Clover and timothy do well,
and would even now lepay their cultivation. Blue-
grass also suecceds well, and wili bo as much at home
in some portions of the Territory as in Kentucky.
Rye and oats do wellalloverthe Territory, as fur as
your committee are advised. Beans, beets, pump-
kins, upland rice, turnips, cabbage, onions, and
nearly all garden vegetables, in suitable soil and
with reasonable culture, grow to perfection.
In horticulture, withsome exceptions, we arelam-
entably behind the times. So far>as tested no finer
apples are grown in the United States than some
we have seen from orchards in the Indian Terri-
tory, north of the Canadian and Arkansas rivers.
Peaches, pears, plains, and cherries succeed, while !
the smaller fruiU, such as strawberries, raspberries,
blackberries, and grapos are to the " manner born."
Your committee would be much gratified to be
the means of awakening a general interest upon the
subject of stirring up the people more generally to
tlTfe cultivation of the more desirable kinds of fruit.
There is pleasure in the pursuit, and health and
profit in the results of horticulture.
As regards the domestic animals of the Territory,
we need scarcely remark that stock-raising must
furnish occupation for a large number of our people.
" It is adapted to their habits and to our climate, and
r will be the source of the largest profit to those who
II embark in it. Thenumber of domestic animals, and
|! the quality of their breeds, have been sadly reduced
jl and deteriorated by the war. Largeand magnificent
! herds of cattle have entirely disappeared from our
prairies, and tho accumulation of forty years van-
ished into nothingness. But the grass still grows
and the water runs, inviting and urging our people
to untiring efforts to renew their herds of cattle,
horses, and hogs, and flockg of sheep and goats.
Money, food, and raiment stimulato them to start
again in pastoral life and to get the best improved
breeds of all kihds of stock that may be within their
means.
In conclusion, your committee beg leave to say,
that as agriculture and its kindred branches, horti-
' culture, and stock-raising should and must consti-
j tvito tho chief pursuit of the great majority of our
| people, every means in our powershould be adopted
1 to foster and encourage them. Even now they have
lj every inducement to increased care and exertion in
1 those directions. Markets are now brought to our
j very doors, or soon will be, by the extension ot rail- i
] roads, the increase of travel through tho Territory,
I and tho teeming population that moves with resist- -
j loss activity around our borders. Everything that
i wo can produce beyond our own consumption is and
j will continue to be in demand. The country which
t we possess, tho homes we occupy, are our own and
| the heritage of our children by every right known
I and respected of men. Let us diligently improve
1 and use them, remembering our own responsibility
• in the premises and tho duty we owe to those who
may come alter us. Even the log cabin is more
stable than tho lodge set up of poles and covered
with straw and buffalo hides. The people who have
homes and cultivated fields and orchards arc more
secure from intrusion and aggression than those
who have no fixed residence or abiding place, Here
is our only home, and in it we must thrive and in-
crease, or dwindle and perish. Either result is i
largely within our control. As we choose to have I
it so it will be. J
Respectfully submitted. |
The Ocmulgee Council—Report of the Commixsionm—
The President's policy—-Advancement in civilization..
| Hon. FJelix K. Urunot,
I Chairman Hoard of Indian Commissioners ;
\ Your committee, consisting of Robert Campbell,
j John D. Lang, and John V. Farwell, appointed to
| attend tho grand couneil of the tribes in the Indian
i Territory, held undor provisions of acts of Congress, j.
! beg leavo to report that they met the said council at I
j Ocmulgee aftorithad been in session several days. '!
Delegates were in attendance from the following u
| nations and tribes: Cherokees. Muskakees or Creeks, !j
; Choctaws, Chickasaws, Seminoles, Ottawas, Eastern ^
i Shawnees, Quapaws, Senecas, Wyandotts, Con-
federates, Peorias, Sacs and Foxes, Great and Little
Osages, and absentee Shawnees.
We found that the committee on tho permanent
organization of the Territory into an Indian govern-
ment, subject to the several treaties of the United
States with the different tribes, had made a unani-
mous report in favor of the measure.
It was our pleasure to listen to the discussions upon
the report, which were conducted with dignity and
ability, after which the report was adopted by a vote
of 48 to 5.
Your committee were impressed with the great
importance of this council as bearing upon the exe-
cution of tho humane policy of the Administration,
uniting, as it does, the several civilized tribes to
cooperate as a unit with the Government, to effect
the permanent settlement of the wild tribes, as well
as for their own mutual advancement, and knowing
the tenacity with which the Indians hold to their
tribal relations and treaty stipulations, they were
fearful that the objects of the council might not be
attained without special effort on their part and fey
tho superintendent and other true friends of the
Indians. Your committee, therefore, cannot but
express their belief that the hand of Providence has
opened the eyes of these tribes to see this oppor-
tunity just at the time when the Government and
the public sentiment of the country are especially
enlisted in their behalf, and that the meeting of this
council is but the beginning of an epoch in the his-
tory of the red man.
After the adoption of the report alluded to, an able
ti committee of twelve was appointed to draft a con-
j, stitution toc-onform to the treaties underwhich this
' council was called, the members of which are very
w much m earnest m the matter.
In our visits to the various tribes of Indians the
present season wo are happy to say that we have
witnessed much to encourage us in the belief that
the present policy of the President and Congress in
behalf of the Indians of the United States is show-
ing evidence of success. It inspires courage and
confidence in the Indian, and we trust will give still
greater encouragement as time rolls on, by the con-
tinued fostering care of Congress and the faithful
performance of the duties devolving upon its agents.
We were gratified and deeply interested in a visit
to the Legislature of the Cherokee nation, convened
atTahlequah, consisting ofasenate andlower house,
a governor, or chief, and council. We were kindly
received in a joint session of both houses, and wit-
nessed a display of talents, ability, intelligence, and
dignity in the management of business becoming
any legislative body of white men. At Ocmulgee we
attended the sittings of the general council, and
were equally impressed with the dignity and intelli-
gence manifested by the delegates in attendance
from the various tribes. Your committee in their
visit also witnessed fresh evidences of the improving
condition and advancement toward a general civil-
ization of the Indian race under the new peace policy
of Congress.
On the various important subjects claiming the
attention of the council, grave deliberation, good
order, cordial expressions of sense and duty, with a
high tone of intelligence, prevailed.
The general interest manifested for the education
of their children is very encouraging. Although
they have numerous schools in operation, still we
learned they were desirous of increasing the num-
ber, and needed moro in order to extend to all equal
advantages in this respect.
The country of the Indians is of superior quality,
with an abundant supply of timber and excellent
land, and is capable of sustaining a large number of
tho Indians now in the United States. Compara-
tively a small portion of the lands in theTerritory are
at present improved, and there is a great deficiency
in the roads, and alack of facilities for reaching mar-
ket\and aneglcctof general internal improvements.
Your committee are particularly pleased with the
exertions made by tho civilized tribes for the pur-
pose of inducing the wild tribes of the plains to come
in and adopt the habits of those who have preceded
them in civilization. Tho project of inducing these
wild tribes to come under the care of the civilized
tribes, through the instrumentality of the latter in
connection with white people, looks already very
encouraging, and your committee cannot but hope
that special attention will be directed to this subject.
Its success will'tend greatly to solve the Indian
problem and put an end to future Indian troubles
on our extreme borders. In our intercourse with the
assemblies we endeavored to explain the earnest
wish of our Government to unite and encourage
Indians in their efforts to congregate and adopt all
the usages of civilization.
In all our meetingswe found kindly and courteous
responses to our suggestions, aud we trust that before
many years elapse there will bo a large aggregation
of the wilder tribes in the ample territory now spe-
cially occupied by Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws,
Creeks, and other Indians, who have abandoned
nomadic life and are now happy and prosperous.
In conclusion, your committee express their belief
that frequentvisits to the Indians and their councils
by persons in authority will continue to meet with
happy results, as tending to renew a general confi-
dence in-this special friendly movement of the Gov-
ernment and to secure the cooperation of the friends
of the Indians.
ROBERT CAMPBELL. Chairman.
JNO. V. FA11WELL, Chicago.
JOHN IX LANG-,. Maine.
ConDiiittee of Board to visit Ocmulgee Council.
Sr. Lovis, December 23,1870.
Declaration of ItigJits,
That tho general, great, and essential principles of
liberty and free government may be recognized and
established, we declarc—
Section' 1. That all political power is inherent in
the people, and all free governments are founded on
their authority and instituted for their benefit, and
they shall have at all times the inalienable right i o
alter, reform, or abolish theirform of governmental
may be lawfully provided for.
Sec. 2. The tree exercise of religious worship and
serving God, without distinction of color, shail for-
ever be enjoyed within the limits of this Territory:
Provided, That the liberty ot conscience shall not be
so construed #as to excuse acts ot licentiousness, or
justify practices inconsistent with tho peace, safety,
and good morals of this Territory.
Snc. 3. No religious test shall ever be required as
a qualification to any office of public trust in thi.-*
Territory.
Sec. 4. Every citizen shall bo at liberty to speak,
write, or publish his opinions on any subject, being
responsible for the abuse of this privilege; and no
law shall ever be passed curtailing the liberty of
speeen or of the press.
Sec. 5. The people shall be secured in their pej-
sons, houses, papers, and possessions from all un-
reasonable searches, seizures, and intrusions; and
no warrant to search any place or to seize any per-
son or thing shall bo issued withoutdescribing them
as near as may be. nor without good cause, sup-
ported by oath or affirmation.
Sec. G. In all cinninal prosecutions tho accused
shall have a speedy, public trial by an impartial
jury;-of demanding the nature and cause of the accu-
sation ; of having the witness to testify in his pres-
