100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. OF KEPS.
National Education—Mr. Arnell.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
disabilities. To retain any class of our citi-
zens in a dependent or inferior relation to
society is abhorrent to republican institutions.
For that reason I favored emancipation of
slaves as soon as the insane act of the rebels
gave ns under the laws of war the constitu-
tional right, while years before I believed in
restricting the area of slavery. Let us allow
all citizens equal rights before the law. There
is the path of safety as well as of right. As
a party we are pledged to do so as soon as
the public safety will permit. Public safety
not only permits but demands it, while every
principle of liberty and of republicanism
enjoins it.
National Education.
SPEECH OF HON. S. M. ARNELL,
OF TENNKSSKI5,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1326) to establish a system of national
education-
Mr. ARNELL said:
Mr. Speaker : The bill before the House, in
my opinion, is tlje most important measure
that has been introduced into this Congress.
It is an effort to bring a new element of pro-
gress into the national life, and I hail it as the
omen of a new kind of legislation to be entered
upon by Congress—legislation on ideas and
on reform. Much of our law-making is funda-
mentally wroug, wrong in idea :
" Pear, craft, and avarice
Cannot rear a State."
Yet is not this the theory upon which our
legislation mainly rests? American Radical-
ism's more destructive than loving. It should
be hallowed with ulterior and divine aims.
The bill before us proposes to establish a
national system of education. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, on yesterday, in his ex-
planation of the bill in the House, set forth
its details and purpose and the constitutional
grounds upon which it rests. To go over this
fround would be but to repeat his argument.
shall therefore confine my remarks, as far
as possible, to the higher and grander objects
of the bill, not the least of which is to declare
and enforce the principle that every child in
this nation 8hall be educated. This duty is,
first, left to the States; but if by them neglected
or refused, then it is to be enforced by the
national Government. A sublime idea, worthy
of the nation, worthy of the age, worthy to live
for and to die by 1 It is transcendently more
important than tariffs or revenue reforms. It
is the assertion of a great'spiritual truth which
lies at the bottom of all legislation. There-
fore I wish that every American legislator had
engraven upon his heart the noble declaration
of the German patriot, Dinter:
"I promised God that I would look upon every
Prussian child as a being who would complain of
me before God, if I did not provide for him the best
education, as a man and a Christian, which it was
possible for me to provide."
The victorious shouts of those Prussian peas-
ants who to-day are returning from the cap-
ture of Paris and the humiliation of France
declare how well the vow has been kept. Let
us at least see with our eyes and hear with our
ears the truth that so nearly concerns us.
MAXIMS.
In considering the subject of national edu-
cation there are some maxims, which have
passed almost iuto axioms, that the statesman
should bear continually in mind.
"Education is the best police," was Web-
ster's expression at Plymouth.
Sir Thomas More, in his "Utopia," says:,
" If you suffer your people to be ill-educated, and
their manners to be corrupted from their infancy,
and then punish them for their crimes, to which their
first education disposed them, what else is to be con-
cluded from this but that you first make thieves and
then punish them ?"
Montesquieu says:
''Education makes the man; that alone is the
parent of every virtue, it is the most sacred, the
most useful, and at the same time the most neg-
lected thing in every country."
"By learning the sons of the common peo-
ple become public ministers," is a Chinese
maxim.
Epictetus says:
"You, Athenians, will confer the greatest benefit
on your city, not by raising the roofs, but by exalt-
ing the souls of your fellow-citizens; for it is far
better that great souls should live in small habit-
ations than that abject slaves should burrow in
great houses."
We assent to these maxims handed down to
us from a far antiquity and confirmed by the
wisdom of ages; yet we forget altogether that
they are to be worked into the living forces of
the Republic in order to be effective. One of
the great ends of Government is to soften rough
manners, to beautify and exalt human nature,
for in this way is life itself made more import-
ant and desirable. In this view Lord Brough-
am would rather trust the schoolmaster than
the soldier. No influence is more potent upon
society and manners than that of the scholar.
In fact there is no more beautiful picture on
earth to contemplate than the life of the calm,
chaste, elegant scholar. He draws to himself
irresistibly whatever is of kindred character.
Envy or malice may hate, but they cannot
harm him. He is defended by q, shield more
impenetrable than brass and attended by a
legion of angels. And such is the influence of
this intellectual worker, molding the thoughts
and manners of a country, that when he passes
away from earth it is as if a portion of the
common sunshine and air were lifted forever
from the enjoyment of human existence. No
country could exist long, or is worthy to exist,
without a scholar class.
NATIONAL VANITY.
National vanity is a hinderance to our pro-
gress as a nation. It was the saying of witty
Jeremy Levis that "vanity," vanity of any
kind, "is a confounded donkey, very apt to
put his head between his legs and chuck
us over." This is specially true of national
vanity. Under some vague, confused notion
of progress, we dilate upon our wonderful
advancement as a nation, without knowing,
frequently, whether it be onward or back-
ward, upward or downward, Godward or devil-
ward. Self-satisfied Jonathan talks to himself
somewhat after this fashion : " We are a
great people. We own a continent. We pos-
sess Alaska under the pole and hope to annex
Dominica in the tropics. The Monroe doc-
trine, which simply means ' Get all that you
can of territory, and keep everybody but the
Jonathan family out of the western hemis-
phere,' is true political wisdom." Vain and
conceited, not a whit better than his Saxon
ancestors who roamed the forests of Germany
centuries ago, like him he still "makes his
mark" to his title-deeds. Jonathan, in his
self-admiration, stoutly denies this, although
more than six million people of reading age
constitute the bookless class in this country.
He avers that this ignorance arises from for-
eigners who crowd to our shores; that it is
the ignorance of somebody else and not of his
family, and points to the vast sums of money
annually paid for education throughout the
United States. But facts do not sustain him
in his plea of emigrant ignorance. The poor-
est rat of a Chinaman who comes to the unoc-
cupied forests and mines of the New World
can read and write his native language. All
the great civil offices of this country are open
to competitive examination, and literature is
considered the highest of professions. Still
our superior civilization crowds him out. His
cold, expressionless face is an annoyance. We
vote him a "heathen Chinee," and insist even
on sending missionaries to China to civilize
him.
Perhaps the voting privilege is what Jona-
than considers his most unquestionable ad-
vance. True, we have our grand male elec-
tions every four years, and make and unmake
a greater than king. Yet three millions of our
legal voters to-day cannot read the ballots in
their hands. Verily, Jerfemy Levis is right,
and his caution is well bestowed. But there is
a more serious side to this question.
OUR NATIONAL ARMY OF IGNORANCE.
I am using no hyperbole when I speak of
our national army of ignorance; for nearly
three million (2,872,111) of an adult popula-
tion were reported in 1800 as wholly unable
to read and wiite. This was ten years ago.
Our new census, on this particular point, is not
yet available. It covers, however, a decade
of war and desolation ; and the real numbers
must be largely in excess even of these terri-
ble figures. I want the House and the coun-
try to get some definite conception wrought
into their minds upon this subject. Here is an
Army of 2,872,111. In number this is far in
excess of the muster-rolls of the national Army
during the late rebellion ; for, according to
the records of the Provost Marshal General's
office, the aggregate number ot soldiers under
arms when hostilities ceased was 1,000,516.
It is to be remembered, too, that this is the
largest army ever gathered together, from the
day that Abraham rescued Lot and the battle
of the nine kings in the vale of Siddim, to the
hour when Europe trembled with the contend-
ing hosts of France and Germany. Peter the
Hermit gathered Europe and Asia into the
crusades. In the first crusade (1096-99J 600,-
000 men left Europe, although only 20,000
arrived before Jerusalem ou the 7th of June,
1099. In the second crusade (1147-49) the
strength of the army on leaving Europe was
260.000. In the third crusade (1189—92j Fred-
erick Barbarossa, emperor of Germany, entered
Asia Minor with 100,000 men. Such were the
armies of the Middle Ages. In regard to the
strength of modern armies, we have the best
authority for stating that on the 15th of Octo-
ber, 1870, there were 650,000 French troops
under arms, and the aggregate of the German
armies amounted to 949,291 men. Therefore
it is no misrepresentation to speak of our
national army of ignorance, since it represents
nearly three million adult persons. In order
to attain, if possible, a still clearer conception
of the reality of this statement, I propose to
point out where these forces are distributed:
Illiterate adults.
States. Number. Per cent 
Alabama   230.169 55
Arkansas .    73,235 40
California  20,729 8
Connecticut...    9,201 3
Delaware .  14,449 27
Florida  33,073* 53
Georgia    242,471 53
Illinois  62,470 8
Indiana  65,913 11
Iowa  20,945 7
Kansas  3,25ft 6
Kentucky 164,8o2 32
Louisiana    196,912 53
Maine  8,962 3
Maryland  76,393 23
Massachusetts  48,979 7
Michigan    19.383 5
Minnesota  5,004 6
Mississippi  220,285 61
Missouri -  108,178 20
New Hampshire  4,898 3
New Jersey  24,130 7
New York   127,311 6
North Carolina 214.008 48
Onio  67,913 6
Oregon  1,592 6
Pennsylvania  85,264 6
lihode Island  6,375 G
South Carolina 194,339 61
Tennessee  187,572 39
Texas  95,390 36
Vermont  9,256 5
Virginia    307,084 42
Wisconsin....,  17,259 5
