1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
once; of having compulsory process to procare wit-
nessed in his l'avor; of having the right to bo heard
by himself and counsel; of not being compelled to
testify against himself; nor to bo held to answer to
any criminal charge but on information or indict-
ment by :i grand jury.
fSi.c. 7. All prisoners shall be bailable before con-
viction by sufficient surety, except for a capital
offense, where the proof is evident or the presump-
tion great.
Sec. 3. KxcesMve bail shall not be required, nor
■■xccssive fines imposed, nor cruel or unusual pun-
ishments inflicted; and all courts shall be open, and
every person, lor an injury done him in his person,
reputation, or property, shall have remedy as the
lstwdirect*. ,
riec. 0. Xo person lor the same oftense shall bo
twice put in jeopardy uf life or limb, and the right
of trial by jury shall remain inviolate.
Srt:. 10. No person shall be imprisoned for debt,
rif.c. 11. The citizens shall have the right', in a
1'uaceablc manner, to assemble for their common
good, to instruct their Representatives, and to apply
to those invested with the power of government for
redress of grievances, or other purposes, by petition,
address, or remonstrance.
Sfc. 12. Tho privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall not be suspended unless the public safety should
require it.
b£C. 13. Xo conviction for any offense shall work
corruption of blood; nor shall the General Assembly
have power to pass any bill of attainder, retrospect-
ive law. or law impairing the obligation of contracts.
Sec. 14. All powers not herein expressly granted
by the nations, parties to this constitution, are re-
served by them respectively, according to the pro-
visions of their several treaties with the Lnited
States.
GOVERNMENT FOK THE DISTPvICTOF COLUMBIA.
Mr. COOK. The Senate have disagreed to
(lie amendments of the House to the bill (S.
No. 594) to provide a government for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ask for a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon. I move that the House insist on its
amendments, and agree to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
thereon.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Cook, Mr. Bixcham, and Mr.
Vookhees managers of the conference on the
part of the House.
DR.. S. MILTON* BEST.
Oil motion of Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin,
by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 667)
for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
SII11E YEl'ORT, LOU IS IA X A.
ill-. MOREY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill_ (H. R. No. 2855) to establish
Shreveport, in the State of Louisiana, as a
port of delivery; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
FLORIDA LAND DISTRICT,
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 2856) to create
an additional land district in the State of Flor-
ida; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
BRIDGE OVEIt THE WABASII lUVEIi.
Mr, NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to put upon its passage a joint resolution grant-
ing the Chicago and Illinois Railroad Com-
pany the right to build a bridge across the
Bif Wabash river, and declaring ^ the same a
post road. I ask that the resolution be read,
and then I will make a brief explanation.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. EINKELNBURGr. I think that reso-
lution ought to be referred to a committee.
Mr. OR.TH. It is not necessary.
Mr. NIBLACK. Aliow me to make a brief
statement. r , , ,
Mr. FINKELNBCJROr. We have had so
much trouble about the building of bridges
across rivers that I think all bills authorizing
the building of new bridges ought to receive
attention from some committee. _
Mr. NIBLACK. At the last session of Con-
gress wo passed a joint resolution, of which
this is a copy, except so far as relates to the
name of tho road, giving authority to the Illi-
nois and Indiana road to cross the Wabash
river below the point named in this joint reso-
lution. I have had a correspondence on this
subject with my people at home. Those of the
city of Vineennes, above the point named in
this joint resolution for the bridge ,to cross,
have agreed that there is no objection to the
joint resolution passed last summer, because
it was sufficiently guarded so as not to obstruct
navigation. I have shown this joint resolution
to my colleagues, Mr. Orth and Mr. Vooseees,
who represent districts along this river, above
where 1 live, and also to the gentleman fromllli-
nois, [Mr. Crebs,] and it meets the approval
of all the parties interested. As we have here-
tofore passed similar measures for the bridging
of the Wabash river, and as this proposes no
additional obstruction beyond what already
exists, I trust there will be no objection to its
passage, as the company are anxious to enter
upon the work immediately.
Mr. POTTER. Is the point where it is pro-
posed to erect this bridge above the point where
the bridge was authorized last summer?
Mr. NIBLACK. It is. I desire to modify
the title, and also the body of the joint resolu-
tion, by striking out the word "Big" before
the word " Wabash."
.No objection was made ; and accordingly the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting to
the Chicago and Illinois Railroad Company
the right to build a bridge across the Wabash
river, and declaring the same a post road,
was received, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and'
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARCUS IIOOK.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit for consideration at this time
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the engineer department of theUm-
ted States be requested to inquire into the neces-
sity of erecting bulk-heads or wards between the
piers in the harbor of Mareus Hook, on the river
Delaware, in the State of Pennsylvania, and to make
report to this House.
Mr. HOLM AN. I think that resolution should
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TOWNSEND. If it is referred to the
Committee on Commerce we may not hear of
it again this session. It does not involve any
expenditure of money, and I hope it may be
adopted.
No objection being made, the resolution was
adopted.
EXPENSES OF AS INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, for con-
sideration at this time, a joint resolution of the
Senate to pay the expenses of an investigating
committee of that body.
Mr. ARCHER. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Archer] ought not to object.
It is to pay the expenses of a committee raised
by the Senate. .
Mr. ARCHER. I am only sticking to the
rule which the gentleman himself said he hoped
this House would adhere to, to go on. with the
appropriation bills.
Mr. DAWES. This is to make an appro-
priation. ., ..
Mr. ARCHER. I insist upon my objection.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on my motion,
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of
considering the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2689)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes.
The pending paragraph' was the following :
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, vice
consuls, commercial agents, and thirteen consular
elerks, including loss by exchange thereon, namely,
$378,663.
The pending amendment was one moved by
Mr. Wood, to add to the paragraph the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That no money shall be paid to any
commercial agent in connection with the proposed
annexation of San Domingo.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the pending
amendment the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] is entitled to the floor for three
minutes.
Mr. WOOD. I submit that, in considera-
tion of the, interruptions, which took place
when 1 last' had the floor on this question, I
should be allowed at least five minutes, though
I shall probably occupy not more than three
minutes.
I desire to say, in addition to what I have
already said upon this amendment, that I think
it is time for Congress to pause and consider
where they are tending and what lower depths
they are likely to reach in this matter of appro-
priating money for secret-service funds. It is
not alone the diplomatic service of the coun-
try that is requiring these special secret-ser-
vice funds. We have already appropriated
§150,000 as a secret-service fund for the in-
ternal revenue department. We have appro-
priated $100,000 to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for secret purposes, without knowing any-
thing as to the manner in which he may dis;
burse that money. We have also appropriated
money to the President for a secret-service
fund. And now we have an additional call
for $100,000 to be used by the State Depart-
ment for secret-service purposes.
It was said the other day that we have always
made these appropriations. By reference to
the various appropriation bills I find that pre-
vious to 1860 not a dollar was appropriated by
Congress for any such _ purposes. The first
appropriation of this kind_ which I find was
made in 1860, an appropriation of $40,000.
In 1865 $80,000 was appropriated in this way:
in 1866, £65,000; in 1869, $50,000; and m
1870, $100,000. It is the Republican party
that has initiated this custom of taking money
out of the public Treasury to be disbursed
without responsibility or accountability for
any purpose, partisan, political, diplomatic,
or otherwise, which, iu the judgment of those
expending it, may be justifiable.
The attention of the country, I think, should
be called to this matter at this time. The
attention of the country should be called to the
fact that notwithstanding the onerous burden
of taxation, notwithstanding a depreciated cur-
rency, notwithstanding our enormous public
debt, notwithstanding the embarrassed condi-
tion of the finances of private individuals and
the derangement of monetary affairs through-
out the land, we are appropriating here neany
half a million dollars in the aggregate for the
various Executive Departments, to be dis-
bursed as the heads of those Departments may
deem proper.
Now, sir, this is all wrong. I hope the liouse
will not make this appropriation. I am in lavor
of legitimate appropriations, sofa,ras they may
be necessary to enable the President to con-
duct the diplomacy ©f the country: but J. am
not in favor of expending one dollar tor any
secret-service fund, to be used for purposes
such as we are bound to believe are contem-
plated ia the item under consideration.
