1871.3
APPENDIX TO TEE COHGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
41st Cong....3d Sess.
National Education—Mr. Arnell.
Ho. of Keps.
These are the ghastly figures of the terrible
army in our midst.
cost of ignorance.
It is impossible to give anything like a full
statement of the cost of crime in this country ;
and we believe that no one will dispute the
fact that crime arises mainly from ignorance.
There are, however, some startling facts known
to us that speak volumes. The estimated value
of prison real estate in this country amounts
to the sum of $7,404,696. Personal property
belonging to the same amounts to $952,795.
The annual cost of running these prisons
amounts to $2,813,324.
The report of the State superintendent of
public instruction for the State of Tennessee,
for 1809 says:
"Instead of this rightful outlay upon its free
schools, the State has, during these two years, paid
out on account of crime $1,067,032, which is nearly
double the sum paid out on account of the schools
in the same time. Or. in other words, crime has
made a direct draft upon the State treasury of
$533,516 a year! This for State outlay. Let us next
see how the counties and cities are bleeding at every
pore on this same crime account. Exact reports it
is not possible to get, but close approximations can
foo made. From twenty-eight counties $113,000 are
reported, not including Shelby or Davidson, or their
cities, Memphis and Nashville. This rate would
give $331,000 for eighty-two counties of the State.
"A legal gentleman after careful examination of
official records gives me for the last year's cost of
crime in Davidson county, including Nashville,
$250,000. In Shelby county^ the Memphis police
alone cost $147,702: making $500,000, undoubtedly a
low estimate of the expenseof administering justice
an that single county. From these facts we get the
aggregate for the eighty-four counties of the State,
$1,031,001). This, added to the $533,516 from the State
treasury, gives us for the cost of crime as borne by
'Tennessee, $1,614,516. If we had heretofore been
paying more tor schools we should now be paying
less for crime. The gross value of property stolen
and destroyed by criminals I do not undertake to
compute.
" The single item of bringing convicts to the pen-
itentiary at Nashville has averaged 814,268 50 a year
for the last two years. Note that the avorageyearly
cost of county supervision of schools was §19,152 50."
Ab uno disco omnes.
Fifty thousand dollars were expended by
Congress last year to pay for one year's ser-
vices of detectives for the internal revenue
department alone ; so it is apparent that a
large sum is annually paid in this country
for the suppression of crime—paid to keep
the roofs over our heads and the assassin's
knife from our bosoms. I might go more
deeply into the subject, but-1 refrain.
keckcits of ignorance.
According to the able report of Mr. Edwin
Leigh, illiteracy has grown about as fast as the
population. From 1840 to 1850 it grew faster.
The present decade, from 1800 to 1870, will
show a like result. The number of illiter-
ate white adults, during twenty-eight years
prior to 1860, had increased from 550,000 to
1,127,000—a frightful fact. From the ranks
of the young and the vigorous, from the hope
and stay of the Republic, this grand army of
ignorance is being continually recruited at
a steady and enormous rate. So we stand
to-day, with all our boasted progress.
Here, Mr. Speaker, is a growing assaulting
force in the very heart of the Republic suffi-
cient to overthrow free institutions; a force
that, unchecked, will assuredly overthrow
them. It is only a question of time ; of
some red-handed to-morrow dragging from
out the caravan of nations another corpse
to rot on the sands of time. This is not
declamation, but sober, fearful truth. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
elaborated this point.
southern needs.
Some one on the other side of the House a
few days ago alluded sneeringly to certain
reforms that have been indicated under the
name of the " new departure." The sneerwas
in very bad taste, for it displayed a want of
appreciation of the real needs of the country.
This nation must take a new departure to cor-
respond with its changed outward conditions,
otherwise you may close the only side of its'
history worth recording. We may sit here and
patch with our legislation the national vest-
ments and dream that we are advancing the
nation; that we are giving better clothes,
grander houses to its people, creating mate-
rial possessive wealth, and so performing the
whole duty of wise legislators. But we are
mistaken. New ideas, new methods, not-me-
chanics, need to be legislated into the fabric
of this Government. The nation requires
development ab intra. Outwardly we have
reconstructed the Union ; but it is no more
substantial than the paper upon which our
reconstruction laws are written. It is but
paper reconstruction unless a corresponding
interior modification and change of condition
is brought about. This bill for a natioaal
system of education is in the right direction.
It might well be entitled " A bill for the bet-
ter reconstruction of the South."
Let us face the pressing problems of the
future. Great violence exists in many portions
of the South. Some persons are disposed to
doubt the truth of southern outrages. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabnsworth]
starts up in his seat and cries, in tragic gest,
" Swear, swear!" I will not do him the in-
justice to believe that the life of a poor negro,
or a Onion man, is nothing to him; yet 1 do
tell him that his levity is offensive and unbe-
coming, and in marked and inexplicable con-
trast with his patriotic record as colonel of the
gallant eighth Illinois cavalry. Flesh and
blood tragedies are occurring at the South
which it is his duty and mine, as legislators,
to prevent and to punish. Outrages do occur
there as fiendish as those of the Spanish in-
quisition, or the hells of Millen and Anderson-
ville. What we need most imperatively at the
South is first police, to be followed up by the
education of patriotism. Letme tell Congress,
in all seriousness and earnestness, that un-
less the South is made to feel the force of the
national Government, unless its patriotic im-
pulses are developed, the logical results of
the war will not be secured. _ The slumber-
ing hostilities of war and ignorance will
override.
My time will not permit me to develop this
idea any further. But there are more effect-
ive means of reconstruction than by bayonets.
What I ask as a southern Representative is
that you plant the new forces of civilization
at the South and maintain them there by
national authority. I can see no better way
to cure our violence or dispel our ignorance.
The problem will then solve itself, and we
shall have conquered a disaffected region of
country through its nobler instincts. The
prayer of Ajax in his dread extremity was
for light.
One additional word for the necessity of
national control in this matter. The national
Government must take control. The south-
ern States are too poor and too ignorant, as I
have shown you by a foregoing table, to do
this work of themselves. My own State is a
fair example. There, two hundred thousand
school children have been swept back by a
Conservative Legislature into hopeless ignor-
ance—schooless, which for children is worse
than headless.
But to rise to a higher and broader plane.
The reverse side of this educational question
is vastly important to the whole nation from
on economic stand-point. What a nation loses
in ignorance is entirely and finally lost. Power
and active force are diminished in precise pro-
portion to failure in the development of our
resources. V\hat a nation loses in the igno-
rance of its people no one can estimate. Heart
and brain development in this case are gone
beyond recall. Who can value the loss of even
a single soul ? How much of power, of accom-
plishment, lies in an individual life no one
save God himself can properly estimate. Man,
prisoned in ignorance, undeveloped, is a mere
vegetable, dust crumbling to dust; yet, with
the fine fire of genius in his eye, integrally ,
educated, the son of God and heir of earth,
who can tell the height to which his capabili-
ties or possibilities may rise ?
The only line of measurement is what indi-
vidual man has already demonstrated his ability
to accomplish. We have had men who have
seemed stronger than the physical forces of
nature, men who conquered the world, and
wept because there were no others to eoaquer.
We have had men, sons of song, who swept
the poetic lyre till it seemed that angels, wan-
dering down the blue, had lent them skill and
sounded their song with the music of the
spheres; we have had great, large-brained and
large-hearted men, who perished for justice's
sake, while the world sobbed outright; we
have had men who reversed the order of the
ages; we have had men who builded on the
deep foundations of eternity and extended
their natural life into the immortal. Then,
what possibilities, what capabilities have per-
ished, are perishing, in all these multitudes of
ignorance, that should constitute a part of our
national wealth who but .the All-seeing can
estimate ?
a country's greatest possession.
In fact, the greatest possession of a country
is not its material wealth, its commerce, and
its balance of trade; not its thousands of miles
of railro'ads and its hundreds of thousands of
miles of inland water communication; not its
crowded and populous cities, hives of traffic
and manufacture; not its universities, its libra-
ries, its galleries of art; not its chambers
of legislation and its halls of debate. Infi-
nitely more importantthan these—thegreatest,
noblest possession of any country, the infal-
lible measure of its civilization and its power—
is the human creatures that it produces.
We are commencing a new era. Our faces
are turned to the future. Then, in the name
of the new life of the nation, in the name of
that progress which to-day is stirring the heart
and brain of a continent, in the name of thirty-
eight millions of free people, I stand here
as one of their representatives and demand
greater educational facilities. Morning after
morning I have presented at the Clerk's desk
petitions asking for the inestimable blessing
of common schools. Some of those petitions
were deeply affecting and pathetic, signed by
those who could neither read nor write. There-
fore I ask for educational facilities so organ-
ized and far-reaching that they may extend to
the remotest corners of the Republic; yea,
till the humblest slave-child working amoDg
the blossoming cotton-fields of the South, and
the poorest Indian child of Alaska, crouching
under the snows of the pole, shall feel the
influence of education and enjoy its bless-
ings.
As I close these hurried and immature
remarks, the words of the 'great Englishman,
Ruskin, rise involuntarily to my lips, and I
would apply to my beloved country the great
hope that he expresses for England:
"Nevertheless, it is open, I repeat, to serious
question, whether among national manufactories,
that of souls of a good quality may not at last turn
out a quite loadingly lucrative one. JNay._msome
far away, undreamt-of hour, I can imagine that
England may cast all thoughts of possessive wealth
back to the barbaric nations among wnom they brst
arose, and that while the sands of the Indus ana
adamant of Golconda may yet stiffen the housings
of the charger and flash from the turban of the
slave, she, as a Christian mother, may at last attain
to the virtues and treasures of a, heathen one, ana
be able to lead forth her sons, saymg: These are my
jewels!'"
