102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
Ho. op Reps.
Contested Election—Tift vs. Whiteley•—Mr. Young.
41st Cong 3d
Contested Election—Tift vs. Whiteley.
SPEECH OF HON P. M. B. YOUNG-,
OF OEOllOIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 11, 1871,
On the contested-election case of Tift v%. Whiteley,
from the second consressinal district of Georgia.
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, 1 shall have
to object, sir, to the swearing in of this gen-
tleman from Georgia; and if the gentleman
from Wisconsin will yield to me for twenty or
thirty minutes I will lay the reasons for my
objection before the House. In the first place,
sir, this case is not at all analogous to the case
the House disposed of some time ago known
as the Corker Beard case, and in which Cor-
ker was sworn in. The election for Congress
occurred on the 20th, 21st, and 22d of Decem-
ber, and up to the 5th of February no certifi-
cate bad been issued by the Governor for the
Representative of the second congressional
district. The code of Georgia (1329) says:
"Within twenty days after tho election the Gov-
ernor shall count up tho votes, and immediately
thereafter issue his proclamation declaring the per-
son bavins the highest nuinbui of votes, and other-
wise qualified, to be duly elected to represent this
State in tho House of Representatives of the United
States, and for what period."
This the Governor has willfully neglected
to do. And 1 do believe thai he intended to
issue no certificate to either of the parties
until the matter hud been brought to the notice
of the House by a resolution adopted by the
House on Thursday last, when the whole sub-
ject was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, with directions to report at its earliest
convenience. It appears that this resolution
has jerked out of the Governor a certificate,
and a certificate issued in the face of the cer-
tified returns of the secretary of State, which
conclusively show Mr. Tift to be elected by
over 500 majority. He has endeavored by
every subterfuge to evade his duty in giving the
certificate to Mr. Tift. He referred the case
for decision to the chief justice of Georgia and
two associate judges, not to determine who
was entitled to the certificate but, in his own
words:
"The objcct of this submission to you, gentle-
men, is to ascertain for the satisfaction of Mr. Tift
whether my opinion is well founded; and if not. to
learn.from your better judgment in what, particular
and tor what reasou it is erroneous."
But only to satisfy Mr. Tift; not that Mr.
Tift is to get the certificate, for they were not
called upon to go that far. They were only to
say whether the Governor's opinion was erron-
eous or not. Of course the judges declined
expressing an opinion. lie decides the case,
expresses hia opinion, and asks bis own offi-
cers to say if it was right. He then tells Mr.
Tift he will refer the whole matter to his attor-
ney general, now in Washington, and the inti-
mate friend of Mr. Whiteley, Mr. Tift's oppo-
nent, tlfesegentlemen, one the attorney general
of Georgia, the other Mr. Whiteley, the oppo-
nent of Mr. Tift, both asking for seats in the
United States Senate. During last week and
all this time Mr. Tift has been demanding his
certificate of election. The Governor delays
and puts him off from time to time, waiting
probably to see whether Mr. Whiteley could
succeed in getting his seat in the Senate.
If the Senate had seated Mr. Whiteley I
suppose Mr. Tift would have been permitted to
take his seat in the House. But alas for Tift 1
The Senate last week decided against Mr.
Farrow, the attorney general of Georgia, who
is to decide which of these gentlemen is to
nave the certificate. But Whiteley's case is
the same as Farrow's in the Senate, and his
fate is to be the same as that of the unfortu-
nate Farrow. Mr. Farrow immediately writes
Out an opinion .and telegraphs to Builoek to
send on certificate for" Whiteley; and here he
is asking to be sworn in to-day. I am aware,
sir, that my friends on this side of the House
desire to establish a precedent to the effect
that the Governor's certificate bears down all
evidence, and that any gentleman may take
his seat who may have a certificate properly
signed, although the certificate may have been
obtained by fraudulent means and issued with
fraudulent intent, and although the House may
be in possession of evidence sufficient to prove
fraud from beginning to end. The majority
of this House may determine that the gentle-
man may be sworn. I care not for that; I
care not for the precedent, I only know that
he ought riot to be sworn, and that if every
member of the House were posted upon this
subject this certificate would be sent to the
committee, with the other papers in the case,
and the committee required to investigate.
Now, sir, the committee are to meet on Friday
on this very case. Would it not be proper to
let the papers go, as the others have gone, to
the committee, who can report if they desire
on Saturday, and the report of the committee
will furnish the House with the facts which
are necessary to show that the certificate now
presented by Mr. Whiteley is a fraud upon the
House, a gross violation of the elective fran-
chise?
The precedents have established a rule for
the admission of members on the certificate
of the Governor of a State, as a prima facie
right, where there has been no sufficient evi-
dence in the possession of the House at the
time to produce a conviction that it has been
improperly used. But the precedents have
also established a rule equally certain and rea-
sonable, that a person claiming a seat on the
certificate of a Governor of a State will not
be admitted to a seat without investigation,
when sufficient evidence is in the possession
of the House at the time to show that the cer-
tificate of the Governor is erroneous. Such
cases are exceptions to the general rule, and
have been properly referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections and decided, prima facie,
upon the votes certified from the returns of
the managers.
In many cases the House has refused to seat
the members holding certificates of the Gov-
ernor, and either vacated the seats or seated
those claiming under the certified returns of
the managers of election.
In the case of Messrs. Gohlson and Clair-
borne, of Mississippi, (Twenty-Fifth Congress,
first session, volume two, Contested Elections,
page 9,) the President having called an extra
session of Congress before the regular con-
gressional election in Mississippi, the Gov-
ernor of that State issued a proclamation for
a special election of members for the called
session only. The committee and the House
held that the members elected, Messrs. Gohl-
son and Clairborne, were entitled to seats dur-
ing the entire Twenty-Fifth Congress. Vote,
(October 3, 1837,) 118 yeas to 101 nays.
At the second session two contestants ap-
peared, Messrs. Prentiss and Word, who were
elected at the regular time in November and
presented the usual credentials, the certificate
of the Governor. They were not seated; but
the whole subject was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections. The House rescinded its
resolution of October 3, declaring Messrs.
Gohlson and Clairborne entitled to seats,
passed a resolution that Messrs. Prentiss and
Word were not entitled to seats, and the Gov-
ernor of Mississippi was notified that the
seats were vacant.
_ In the celebrated New Jersey case, (first ses-
sion Twenty-Sixth Congress, Contested Elec-
tion Cases, volume two, page 19,) two delega-
tions for five congressional districts in New
Jersey presented themselves. Messrs. Stratton
and others offered the usual evidence of elec-
tion, the certificate of the Governor of New
Jersey. Messrs. Kille and others presented
the certificate of the secretary of State of
New Jersey, that they had received a majority
of the votes east in their respective districts.
Neither delegation were then admitted to seats,
but on the 13th of January, 1840, all the
papers and other testimony were referred to
the Committee of Elections with instructions
to report who should occupy the seats, and a
copy of the resolution was served on all the
parties.
On the 28th of February, the House in-
structed the committee—
"To report forthwith which five of the ten individ-
uals^ claiming seats from the State of New Jersey
received tho greatest number of lawful votes froui
the wholo State for representation in the Congress
of the United States, at the election of 1836, in said
State, with all the evidence of that fact, in their pos-
session: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall besoconstrued as to prevent or delay the action
of said committee in taking testimony and deciding;
tho said case upon the merits of tho election."
In deciding the prima facie right to seats
under this resolution the committee confined
themselves strictly to the returns -of the man-
agers of election and excluded all ex parte
oaths and testimony intended to attack the
statement as incompetent to be considered in
the case. The committee then added to the
vote which had been counted by the Governor
of New Jersey the votes received at the town-
ships of Millville and South Amboy, which
had been omitted in the certificates of the
clerk of the counties of Middlesex and Cum-
berland, thus verifying the certificate of the
secretary of State and showing that the per-
sons certified by him "received the greatest
number of lawful votes;" and on the 10th
of March, by a vote of 111 to 80, the House
declared that Messrs. Kille and others, cer-
tified by the secretary of the State, were en-
titled to seats from New Jersey as members
of the Twenty-Sixth Congress, but that this
decision shall not affect the rights of the other
claimants to continue the investigation or con-
test. Whereupon these gentlemen were seated.
In the final report of the committee, made
July 8,-18-10, referring to the above report, they
say :
"By tho adoption of that report tho House made
substantially a correction of the returns and awarded
tho scats," &c.
With a proviso that the investigation and
contest should go on on the merits of the elec-
tion.
A large mass of testimony had been received
and considered; a summing-up of the legal
votes cast gave to the sitting members a clear
majority, and a resolution was adopted by the
House declaring them entitled to occupy the
seats as members of the House.
This case and the case now under consider-
ation of the second district of Georgia are par-
allel cases, with these exceptions: "in the New
Jersey case the Governor certified truly from
(he returns before him; the suppression of
the votes of Millville and South Amboy was
the act of the clerks of Middlesex and Cum-
berland counties. In the Georgia case the
returns were truly made to the secretary of
State, according to the constitution of Georgia.
The suppression of the votes and the false
count are made by Governor Bullock, of
Georgia.
The language of the committee (on page 31)
applied to these clerks is especially applicable .
to Governor Bullock; that in suppressing the
votes he has been "guilty of a gross violation
of the election franchise, calculated virtually
to deprive the people of their dearest rights,
and to keep from this House a knowledge
of those facts by which alone it can judge of
the election of its members." And this con-
duct, "whether proceeding from ignorance
