1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Dyer, Mr. Packard, and Mr. Burr as the
managers of said conference on the part of
the House.
j, h. schnell.
On motion of Mr. SARGENT, by unani-
mous consent, the Senate amendmentto House
bill No. 2909, to enable J. H. Schnell, of Cali-
fornia, to enter and pay for a section of public
land in California, for his tea colony, was taken
from the Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
the words "in the county of El Dorado, in
the State of California;" so it will read:
That 3'. H. Schnell. of California, be authorized to
enter, at the proper United States land office, a quan-
tity of land not exceeding six hundred and forty
acres, at the minimum price, according to the lines
of his improvements, tea gardens, and other culture,
in theeounty of El Dorado, in the State of California,
and to which there may not be any adverse claim
except that of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. That simply fixes the
place.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsiderthevote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eortificaton appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
calling of committees for reports.
Mr. DAWES. I call up the fortification bill.
The House proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill (H. R.
No. 2860) making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense,
reported by Mr. Niblack from the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. MUNGEN. I obje'ct.
The bill was'read.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is an amendment
necessary to be offered.
Mr. DAWES. Then I withdraw the motion.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by
sections for amendment, and read the fol-
lowing :
For Fort Pulaski. Savannah river, $28,500.
Mr. FARNSWORTil. I move to strike out
that se"tion, for the purpose of saying a few
words and trying to get some information.with
regard to the necessity for these appropria-
tions. I know that these fortifications are
estimated for annually, sometimes perhaps in
larger amounts than we have here. It is the
custom annually to estimate for the repairs of
these fortifications; and for ordinary forts we
have estimated in ordinary years $50,000 for
repairs. There is asked every year, to repair
the fort in this place and in the other place,
$50,000. And in this way, for instance, the
present bill scatters $1,627,000, (over a mil-
lion and a half of dollars,) in the repairs of
these various forts, chiefly upon the sea-coast.
I do not suppose that the House will now
take any action to stop this expenditure of
money. But I should like to know from the
Committee on Appropriations or. what pre-
tense they make these appropriations lor the
repair of these forts. Is it to make any exten-
sion of them, to purchase new armaments, to
put up new buildings, or what is it for? Is it
merely to preseve the forts.or is it to add to
them I
I do not myself believe in making appropri-
ations for fortifications of this sort, i do not
believe that they are of any earthly use, or that
they ever will be of use in time of war; that
is to say, many of them or most of. them.
They will be rather a damage to the country
than an advantage, because they will keep men
in them who might be better used somewhere
else. The improvement in arms and in the art
of war is such that these fortifications would
almost always be of no sort of use as a coast
defense.
I had hoped that this Congress would have
put a stop to this thing, and I do hope that
sooner or later—and 1 trust very soon—we
will put a stop to this wasteful expenditure of
the money of the Government in the repair
and reconstruction of old forts, and the con-
struction of new forts like these as a coast
defense for our country.
Why, Mr. Speaker, in time of war, as I
before remarked, experience has shown that
these defenses are no defense. The improve-
ments in guns and the improvements in ships
of war are such that the best defense of opr
country is a floating defense. The best coast
and harbor defense is to be found in our ships,
which are the only kind of defense we could
rely upon if we get into a foreign war. In
time of war these forts on vfhich we are squan-
dering so much money will be abandoned.
They will be found to be a delusion and a snare
rather than a defense.
I wish the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] would enlighten the House upon
the necessity for this appropriation ; not so
much this particular item, but the appropria-
tions made by the bill generally.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] that he move that
all general debate be closed in five minutes,
so as to bring the debate within the five-min-
utes rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the construction he gives to considering appro-
priation bills in Committee of the Whole
is that when the bill is read by sections for
amendment the five-minutes rule prevails.
The Chair will consider the debate on this
bill as being under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. NIBLACK. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Parn'Sworth] I will say that
at the last session of Congress, having had the
houor of having assigned to me the eliarge of
the fortification bill of that session, I submit-
ted some remarks in explanation of what I
understood to be the policy in the War Depart-
ment, especially in the Engineer Bureau, which
has charge of this matter, in regard to the
general question of fortifications.
I have not time to go over that same ground
again, even if I felt inclined to do so, and what
I say now is simply in repetition of somethings
which I said then. As every officer of the Army
understands, and none, I take it, better than
the gentleman from Illinois, our guns in the
lest tew years have entirely outgrown our fort-
ifications. We have very few fortifications
remaining that are suited'to the ordnance, the
heavy kind of armament which can be brought
against them from ships of war, and our pres-
ent fortifications, those upon which no im-
provements have been made by the Govern-
ment for a few years past, are incapable of
mounting the heaviest guns which we already
have on hand, constructed and paid for. It
occurred to the Committee on Appropriations
that inasmuch as we were paying large sums
of money each year for the purpose of keeping
up the regular Army, and inasmuch as we
have these guns already manufactured and
upon our hands, and inasmuch as we have
expended large sums of money in times past
in the erection of fortifications at some of the
most exposed and important points on the sea-
board, it is true economy to expend a little
more money so as to adapt our present fortifi-
cations to the guns that we have now.
After a most careful examination last year
we agreed to report fifty per cent, of the amount
estimated for a few of those most important
fortifications in the estimation of the commit-
tee, and in the estimation of those who are best
informed upon the subject connected with the
War Department. The House sustained the
committee in their view upon that subject., after
something of a contest, in .which the gentleman
from Illinois participated. - la this bill the
committee adhered to the same policy adopted
at the last session of Congress. We do not
report a bill for all that lias been estimated
for, or for nearly all the works that have been
estimated for. With the assistance of an offi-
cer of the enginee.r corps we selected a few
of those which we regarded at the most im-
portant. embracing some works in the southern
States for whieh we did not make appropria-
tions last year because the engineer corps was
not prepared to furnish us with definite inform-
ation with regard to their cost, or as to the
plan likely to be adopted for the improvements.
We have again reported but fifty per cent, of
the amount estimated for these leading works,
including the one whieh the gentleman from
Illinois has moved to strike out. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations therefore ft el jus-
tified in asking the Houfe to appropiiue the
comparatively small amount of money recom-
mended by them for the purpose of enlarging
a few of our most important fortifications and
repairing others, so as to preserve the prop-
erty from decay, and to hold thein in a posi-
tion for future enlargements if we shall ever
consider it the polhcy of the Government to
make appropriations for that purpose.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not detain the House
longer. I repeat to the gentleman from Illi-
nois that we are but carrying out the policy
adopted by the House at the last session of
Congress, which was sustained by this body,
the policy of appropriating fifty per cent, for
a few of what we believe to be the most im-
portant works so as to enable us to mount our
large guns upon them which we have already
on hand. The bill does not anticipate the
expenditure of any more money for the con-
struction of large guns. But we still believe
that the propriety of things would suggest
that when we have the guns and the soldiers
to garrison these fortifications, when we have
everything except that the fortifications do
not enable us to mount those guns, it is good
policy and eminently proper for a great Gov-
ernment like this to enlarge the fortifications
so as to support the guns already manufac-
tured, or in course of manufacture under ex-
isting contracts. After the pending amend-
ment shall have been disposed of 1 have an-
other to offer to another paragraph of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 withdraw the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, $42,500.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. For the purpose of
saying a word in reply to the gentleman from
Indiana, I move to strike out that paragraph.
I understand from the gentleman from Indiana
that the Committee on Appropriations have
determined to follow out the policy of appro-
priating fifty per cent, of what is asked ior by
the engineer department.
Mr. NIBLACK. For certain leading works.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. For certain leading
works.
Mr. NIBLACK. Only a portion of those
estimated for.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. They have adopted
the policy of appropriating half of the amount
asked by the engineer department for certain
works. That policy, I understand, was adopted
last year. Well, it is a very wise policy, it
strikes me, and a very cunning one ; for all the
engineer department has to do is to know
what this policy is, and then estimate for
twice as much as tlvey want., and they get pre-
cisely the figure. Now this policy, too, is
founded upon a most excellent and wise phi-
losophy, which is that the works are not very
important, they are not very necessary, they
are not viewed with much favor by this com-
mittee, because if they were important and
viewed with favor, of course the committee
would appropriate all that the engineer de-
partment pretend is necessary. But as the
Committee on Appropriations look upon that
with disfavor, they compromise the matter by
giving them one half of .what they ask.
