-1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1537
Now, sir, there are but two sides to this
matter: either it is necessary to make this
appropriation, and to give the Government
-What is estimated for, for the purposeof making
the improvements they desire to make and
putting these fortifications in a proper con-
dition, or else we should refuse any appropri-
ation for that purpose. If they are necessary
works of defense, then takecareof them, guard
tbein, put them in proper condition without
Stint in regard to expense. But if, on the
contrary, they are not such works as ought
to receive the fostering care of the Govern
uient, this appropriation ought to be refused.
1 know that last year we had this subject
under discussion, and after debate the bill was
passed. 1 believe, however, that two years ago,
if I recollect correctly, no fortification appro-
priation bill was passed; I think it was defeated
outright by the House; and I do say, while
I do not blame the Committee on Appropri-
ations, while I do not think this is an extrava-
gent approprialion bill, if you are to appropri-
ate anything—1 do say that, in my judgment,
we ought to stop ihese appropriations entirely.
1 do not believe that these fortifications are of
any earthly use to the Government.
Now, a little further on in this bill is an
approprialion of over two hundred thousand
dollars lor new works at San Francisco, stone-
works, if 1 am correctly informed.
Mr. NIBLACK. No ; mostly on earth-work.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I find an item of
$75,000 "for fort on Alcatraz Island, in the
harbor of San Francisco, California." Now, |
if I am correctly informed, that is a stone- I
work, and will be of no earthly account.
Mr. NIBLACK. Nothing but an earth- :
work. No other is contemplated.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. It does not say so
in the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman will refer
to  he report of the board of engineers he will
ascertain that fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is what I speak
of. Nearly all of these forts, for the repair or
improvement of which large appropriations are
asked, are stone works; they are not earth-
works of any kind. Here is an appropriation
of $25,000 for Fort Sumter, Charleston har-
bo.r; that is not an earth-work.
Mr. NIBLACK. It the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will say that the intention is to change
the. nature of that fortification altogether.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it proposed to
change the character of Fort Sumter and
make an earth-work of it?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir; that isexpeeted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Change a stone-
work to an earth-work?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You certainly do
not propose to do that with only $25,000?
Mr. NIBLACK. It is nowa mound of sand
and stone; and it is proposed to make an earth-
work of it. using what is now there as a base
to baild the earth work on. That will make
it much more efficient than it ever has been.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Fort Sumter is a
pile of ruins.
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, it is proposed to
make what is there a sort of platform upon
which to build earth-works, so as to make
that fortification much more efficient than it
ever was.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not proposed
to do that with only $25,000, I take it. It is
not proposed to establish a new fort there for
$25,000; for that is what it amounts to. And
so with the forts in New York harbor and in
Portland harbor ; they are stone-works, all of
them. And so with nearly all of these for-
tifications; they are stone-works.
Now, 1 am not much acquainted with this
subject of fortifications; not so much as many
other members of this House. But I would
into the op-'nion of some of the military men
ift this House, who know more than I do about
liris matter of fortifications. Are they of any
41st Cong. 3d Sess—No. 97.
earthly use in time of war? I would like the
opinion of the gehtleman from New York
[Mr. Sloccm] now sitting by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblaok] with regard to
this suljject; and also the opinion of other
gentlemen bettar acquainted with military,
affairs, especially with military fortifications,
than I am. If these fortifications are of nouse
in time of war, then let us stop making appro-
priations for them ; if they are of use, I will
vote liberal appropriations for them at the
proper point.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I know it
is very desirable that we should refrain from
appropriating money for any purpose where
we feel that we can so refrain with propriety.
It has been a grave question in the minds of
the Committee on Appropriations whether we
should or should not recommend any appro-
priations of this kind; and it was only after the
most mature consideration that we adopted the
policy we did. As to the intimation of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] that
when the officers of the Engineer Bureau ascer-
tain that we have adopted the rule of appro-
priating one half of what they ask they have
only to double their estimates," I answer that
definite plans and specifications, with the esti-
mated cost of each work, are submitted. What
we appropriate from year to year is in some
cases but a portion of what is necessary to com-
plete the work, while in other cases we appro-
priate for the balance necessary to complete
the work, so thai no further appropriations will
be asked for. There is no opportunity to im-
pose upon the Committee on Appropriations
in this matter, because as to every work we have
before us plans and specifications with the esti-
mated cost.
If the House is disposed to reverse its policy
of last session, which was to make appropria-
tions for some of the most important works, it
will of course be proper that the House should
manifest that disposition by voting down this
bill at the proper time; but it appears to the
committee that there would be great injustice
in striking out any of the particular works here
reported for, while leaving the others to receive
the appropriations recommended by the com-
mittee. In other words, it is the opinion of
the Committee on Appropriations that this bill
should either be passed as a whole or defeated
as a whole, for we are not prepared to recom-
mend any discrimination as regards particular
works embraced in the bill.
I shall not detain the House further; and
if this discussion be prolonged I shall be
obliged to ask that debate be closed on the
whole bill, though it may be necessary to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose; because, as
this bill is comparatively unimportant and of
no political consequence whatever, there is an
evident disposition on the part of the House
to dispose of it promptly ; and I am instructed
by the committee to get it out of the way as
soon as possible, so as to allow other business
to be reached in its order.
Mr. BECK. •With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] who has
charge of this bill, I wish to say one word. I
.trust that my friend from Illinois [Mr. Farus-
worth] does not consider that the Committee
on Appropriations has behaved badly in this
matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no; I think that
this is a modest bill on the whole.
Mr. BECK. I wish to say that! should have
been glad if it had been possible to strike out
some of the appropriations embraced in' this
bill; but when we found that the officers of
the engineer department were willing that the
appropriations should be limited to the neces-
sary defenses of our most important harbors,
and the smallest possible amounts for a few of
the principal fortifications, I did not see what
we could do except as we have done. It being
conceded to be necessary that our principal
fortifications should fee kept in proper repair,
the engineer officers having selected those
which they regarded as indispensable in case
of any emergency, and said they would en-
deavor to get along with one half of what they
had asked for, the committee agreed to give
them what they said was the smallest possi-
ble sum that would suffice. The idea of the
Department seems to be that in reference to
this matter we are in a transition state. If we
were properly provided with torpedo-boats,
and if our other vessels could be put in proper
condition so as to resist attacks from foreign
nations, these fortifications, perhaps, would be
far less necessary than at present.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I ask the gen-
tleman a question ?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I have given
this subject some thought and investigation, I
wish to ask the gentleman whether it is the
opinion of the military officers who were before
the Committee on Appropriations that any of
these fortifications will be valuable in time of
war?
Mr. BECK. The idea I gather from them
is that the fortifications are valuable adjuncts
to our floating defenses. For instance, onr
torpedo-boats, when operating under the shel-
ter of these fortifications, from which they could
run out to make their attacks, would in that
way have their efficiency materially promoted.
While the fortifications themselves are not
sufficient, they will render valuable assistance
to our floating defenses. But the Senate com-
mittee have struck out all the appropriations
we have made for these torpedo-boats; they
have struck out the appropriation for a float-
ing-dock ; they do not seem disposed to give
us anything whereby we may defend ourselves.
Until proper provision has been made in that
■direction I do not see how we can leave all
these points exposed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will tell the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that a regiment of men
would make a much better defense than any
of these fortifications.
Mr. BECK. In Boston harbor and in New
York harbor there are points necessary to be
protected and defended where you could not
get a regiment of men at all. Those points
ought to be fortified for the protection of those
cities until some system of floating defenses
has been perfected and carried into effect. It
occurs to me when the engineer officers of the
Government only ask for $1,000,000 to keep
in repair such fortifications as we have and
are certainly necessary for our defense, that it
is a very modest request, and especially, sir,
when it is considered that we have paid out
$1,000,000 in the Internal Revenue Bureau
aloue for the Tice meter; $1,000,000, sir, for
that which never did us any good and which it is
known never will. And although in this House
we passed a resolution at the last session
doing away with that swindle, the Senate have
kept it there, refusing to take it up and act on
it, so that more money may be taken from the
people I represent, and others, to fill the pock-
ets of those who are interested in it, without
the least good being done to the Government.
I wish the members of this House would do
what they can to rid us of that swindle; 1 have
done all I could. If we cau squander a mil-
lion, certainly it is not too much to ask for
$1,000,000 to keep our national defenses in
repair. My constituents are in no immediate
danger from attacks by sea, but if we are going
to do anything at all we are bound to keep cer-
tain fortifications in such shape that they will
be able to protect our great cities from the
sudden assaults of a hostile people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I recognize the
necessity of making some defense. But, sir,
I do not see anyreason why we should enlarge
these fortifications when we are advised that
they are going to be abandoned.
Mr. BECK. We are not going to enlarge
these works. It is only proposed to repair
these fortifications; to thicken the walls, en-
large the embrasures, and otherwise enable
