;18U.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10$
41st Cong....3d Suss.
Repeal of Income Tax—Mr. Negley.
Ho. of Reps.
or design, must meet the unqualified disappro-
bation of the honest- and intelligent of every
party."
In the ease of Brockenbrough vs. Cabell, of
Florida, Twenty-Ninth Congress, first session,
(Contested Elections, volume two, page 79,)
a certificate of election had been issued to
Cabell at the expiration of thirty days. Con-
testant Brockenbrough presented the certified
copy of the secretary of State of a tabular
statement of the votes received within thirty
days, and certified copies of returns from four
other counties, received after thirty days, which
were admitted as evidence, (page 80;) and on
this evidence alone, which showed a majority,
according to the returns, for Brockenbrough,
Cabell was declared "not entitled to his seat,"
and Brockenbrough was seated.
In the case of the second district of Georgia
the leturns are all certified under the hand and
seal of the secretary of State, showing a
majority of 500 votes for Tift after giving to
"Whiteley the benefit of all doubtful votes.
In the case of Settell vs. Robbins, of Penn-
sylvania, (Contested Elections, second volume,
page 138, Thirty-First Congress,) the com-
mittee laid down and acted upon the axiom
that " the legal presumption is always against
the existence of fraud. Nothing but the most
unequivocal evidence can destroy the credit of
official returns."
In the case of Sheafe vs. Tillman, (Forty-
First Congress, third session, report No. 3,)
when the Governor of Tennessee had thrown
out some counties and refused to count them
the committee denounced this action of the
Governor as entirely unauthorized by law and
a violation of his duty. The committee say :
"There is no law of the State of Tennessee that
gives authority to the Governor to reject the vote of
any county or part of a county; his duty is only to
compare the returns received by him with those
returned to the office of the secretary of State, and
upon such comparison being made to ' deliver to the
candidate receiving the highest number of votes in
his district the certificate of his election as Repre-
sentative to Congress. (Code of Tennessee, see.
935, page 239.) Tt illegal votes have been cast, if
irregularities have existed in the elections in any
of the counties or precincts, if intimidation or vio-
lence hits been used to deter legal or peaceable citi-
zens from exercising their rights as voters, to this
House must the party deeming himself aggrieved
look for redress. This great power of determining
the question of the right of a person to a seat in Con-
gress is not vested in the Executive of any State,
but belongs solely to the House of Representatives.
(Constitution United States, art. 1, see. 5.)
"The action of the Governor, so far as he has
thrown out the votes of counties or parts of coun-
ties, is to be disregarded, and the matters in dispute
are to be settled upon the actual returns and the
evidence introduced, independent of the doings of
the Executive."
The law of Georgia is similar to the law of
Tennessee, except that the returns are by the
constitution made to the secretary of State,
and the votes are counted and certified accord-
ing to the code by the Governor (Code, 1329)
within twenty days after the election.
In the case of Phelps and Cavanangh, of
Minnesota, Thirty-Fifth Congress, first session,
(Contested Elections, volume two, page 248,)
they presented the certificates of the Governor,
with the broad seal of Minnesota. Objection
was made to the right of the claimants to their
seats on the ground that their election was
prior to the admission of the State into the
Union. They were not then sworn in, but the
subject was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, who reported in their favor, and they
were then sworn in.
Dailv vs. Easterbrook, of Nebraska Terri-
tory, (Contested Elections, volume two, page
299,) Thirty-Sixth Congress:
" A certified copy of the official abstract of tho
votes tiled by the Governor in the office of the sec-
retary of tho Territory is competent proof of tho
result of the election."
Clements of Tennessee, Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, second session, (Contested Electionsj
page 300:)
" The refusal of a Governor to grant a certificate
does not prejudice the right of the claimant to a
seat."—tieport by Mr. Damee.
Also, Richard's case, Hall and Clark, (95
Contested Elections.)
Case 54, John Biddle and Gabriel Richard
vs. Austin E. Wing, Delegate for Michigan
Territory, Nineteenth Congress, first session,
(Contested Elections, volume one, page 504:)
" The officers of the different election districts must
certify the result to the canvassers and they must
certify to tho Governor. They are all ministerial offi-
cers, and error committed by any of them, either
through mistake or design, is to be corrected by the
House."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have conclu-
sively shown that there are many precedents
on the records of the proceedings of this House
which go to prove that in many instances per-
sonshave appeared before the bar of the House
with regular certified certificates and yet been
refused admission to seats because there was
in the possession of the House testimony show-
ing fraud or wrong in some particular in the
issuing of the certificates. I believe and hope
the time has passed when the majority of this
House could be influenced by passion, preju-
dice, or party feeling upon a question like
this. Believing, sir, that this House means to
do justice, I feel confident in my own mind
that Mr. Tift will be accorded the seat to which
the people of his district have elected him by
so decided a majority. All the testimony we
desire to take is already in possession of the
House and in the hands of the committee, and
when the facts appear I feel that the verdict
of the House will be a just one. I now leave
the matter with tlie House.
Repeal of Income Tax.
REMARKS OF HON. J. S. NEGLEY,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the House op Representatives,
February 10, 1871,
On the bill (H. B. No. 2994) to repeal tho income tax.
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Speaker, the argu-
ments against the repeal of the income tax
are briefly condensed in the following words,
addressed by the honorable the Secretary of
the Treasury in a letter to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means:
I do not recognize either the justice or the expe-
diency of relieving a tonec and completely those who
are liable to pay an income tax, and by the same act
transferring the chiof burden of the payment of the
principal and interest of tlic public debt,, the pen-
sions and the current expenses of the Government,
to the producing, consuming, and business interests
of the country."
The reasons for its repeal are still more
briefly comprised in the popular verdict, reit-
erated over and over again in numerous peti-
tions, memorials, editorials, and other expres-
sions of the press and the platform, namely,
that it is unconstitutional, unequal, inquisito-
rial, and demoralizing. To these charges the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue adds that
it is inexpedient, because its collection more
than consumes the revenue emanating from it.
The wishes of my constituents, as far as
known to me, are clearly in favor of the repeal
of the income tax, and all my observations
tell me that this tax is more obnoxious and
offensive to the American people than any
other forced upon us by the late civil war.
This would be decisive for me to cast my vote
for the desired repeal without advancing any
of my own reasons for such action; but hav-
ing paid due and earnest attention to the opin-
ions of our distinguished minister of finance, I
deem it becoming to place on public record
a few considerations why I think his views
should not receive our support.
Mr. Speaker, the Secretary's assertion that
it would'not be just at once and completely to
relieve those who are now liable to pay income
tax is utterly unsupported,by anything war-
ranted in our Constitution or the spirit of our
republican institutions, and is absolutely un-
tenable in view of his own admission, that out
of forty million citizens scarcely one hundred
thousand come under the present provisions
of the law. By these words I do not admit
that the income tax is unconstitutional, nor is
there any judicial decision on record to that
effect; yet I can easily conceive the possibility
of some future contingency of this kind, and
I think with grave apprehension of the calam-
itous results upon our Treasury arising from
the complication of claims against the same in
such case. However, I do maintain that it is
an unequal tax, making an unjust discrimin-
ation between the rich and the poor.
If the poor man has an unquestionable right
of equality with the rich under and before the
law, so the latter has the same right of equality
with the former, unless we abandon repub-
lican principles and reetiact feudal distinctions
of classes, pairing off heavier duties with larger
immunities. We might legislate with the same
logical force of argument that the rich man
should furnish, in case of war, two or more
men for the defense of his country, according
to his means, because he is able to do so, as
impose more or heavier war taxes upou him
on this ground.
The theory of direct and discriminating tax-
ation in preference to that expressly warranted
by the Constitution and the plain will of the
people may read attractively in the dreamy,
essays of ultra-reformers, but is absolutely
unjustifiable in legislation unless necessitated,
and therefore excused by the exigencies of
actual war or other grave national calamity.
Equally intolerable is the inference that citi-
zens accounting for an income of over two
thousand dollars per annum are mostly non-
producers, non-consumers, and representing
no business interest. Such an assumption un-
fairly ignores the usefulness and economical
mission of legitimate wealth, and if indorsed
by legislation would place a stigma and penalty
upon the fruits of frugality and thrift which
would have the most injurious effects upon our
social economy and national progress.
The plea of inexpediency to reduce the pub-
lic revenue in face of our great national debt
is a poor defense of an unjust statute, yet
deserves more earnest consideration.
If it is the determination of the American
people that the present generation shall pay
the entire amount of the enormous war debt,
even years in advance of its maturity, and that
every living citizen shall suffer bitter hardships,
so that an unborn posterity might enjoy with
greater ease the priceless inheritance of a free
and regenerated country, then, Mr. Speaker,
every war tax has equally as strong, if not
stronger, claims for continuance as the income
tax, and our discussions about reduction of the
present burdensome taxation are fruitless dis-
plays of phraseology.
But, Mr. Speaker, the voice of the people
earnestly protests against such oppression of
tax-payers as the execution of the Secretary's
financial programme of buying bonds and sell-
ing gold requires, and bowing to the faithful
assurance given by our President in the words,
'11 shall on all subjects have a policy to rec-
ommend, none to enforce, against the will of
the people," I am opposed to Congress or any
other branch of the Government forcing upon
them a fiscal or economical policy the sound-
ness of which I myself disavow. Notwith-
standing that the letter of the contract seems
to indicate a promise on the part of the United
States of an early redemption of all national
obligations, I fully comprehend that in credit
transactions of national as well as of private
character there may be periods when a per-
fectly solvent debtor is seriously embarrassed,
andean evenbeprostrated by rigid enforcement
