712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Fabens, and other parties whom I might name, that
were misleading the President. This official told mo
he knew it, and that it was my duty to inform the
President. The Department of State at "Washington
also informed me that General Babcoek had acted
very wrongly in this matter, and that the Depart-
ment had frequently cautioned him against these
men, (Cazneau, Fabens & Co.,) as well as others con-
nected with the San Domingo affairs, and that all
the correspondence, <&c., relating to the annexation
scheme had been carried on directly between tne
President, through General Babcoek, and these verv
parties, and not through the State Department, the
only proper and legitimate channel. While residing
at San Domingo city I had frequently written to the
St:ite Department at Washington, as well as the
President's Private Secretary, (General Babcoek,)
warning them against the above-named parties,
who had frequently told mo that they held President
Baez between their thumb and finger, owing to the
grants and concessions of lands they hold on the
island that Baez himself had made to them for their
mutual benefit.
I havo now in my possession copies of sonic of
these grants and concessions, which are almost
fabulous in their extent, some having been given
seerctly since the signing of the treaty. These F
opposed, as they were in direct violation of article six
of the treaty, which I was commissioned by Presi-
dent Grant to make and sign on behaif of the Uni-
ted States; which being done, I was frequently re-
quested by Messrs. Baez, Babcock, &cM to keep secret
until a naval force arrived at the island to protect
Baez and his cabinet, which force, Bibcock assured
Baez, was ready to sail for San Domingo as soon as
the treaty was feigned, which assertion was in a few
days verified by the arrival of the United States
steamers Nantasket and Swatara, thereby enabling
Mr. Baez for the first time toannounee to his people
that he had sold them and their country to the Uni-
ted States. Baez did not make this announcement
until his headquarters were well covercd by the guns
of the United States men-of-war, and he had quietly
imprisoned or banished many influential people from
tho island who, he tliought, would oppose his schemes.
It .ias been asserted that these vessels were to pro-
tect him (Baez) from foreigft intervention ; but ma-
rines and sailors wore offered to President Bae'z in
my presence by a commanding officor, to protect
him against the opposers of annexation and Cabrai's
forces, who wero Dominicans. Tho prisons were so
filled with this class of people that Baez and Caznoau
ftsiccd me to use my influence with Admiral Poor to
have theso prisoners sent to Samana., which had just
been leased to the United States, and there confined
under the guns 6f our men-of-war. The admiral
rophed to Baez that tho United States Government
would not approve of his (tho admiral's) making a
r ernando Po" of Samana.
Senator Morton', among other erroneous asser-
tions, states that" Cabral lias had no l'oice wherewith
to threaten Baez," whiloBaezha-; frequently reported
to me largo forces of Cabrai's in different parts of
ins territory, and on ono occasion he (Baez) told me
that Cabral was marching on San Domingo city with
a largo body of troops, and unless a United States
bhip could bo obtained ho and his staff must leave
tiio island. This report was generally believed, and
American citizens made arrangements to eomo to
my house in case the city was attacked. The forces
wcro then engaged at Asm, two or three days' march
lrom the capital. JIavingreeeivcdinstructionsfrom
uoneral-Babcock that the men-of-war were for the
protection and support of Mr. Baez, I wrote dis-
patches to Captain Bunco, of the jSTantasket, request-
ing hiin to come immediately to San Domingo city,
which hecomphed with. On this, as on all other occa-
sions, Baez advised with Cazncau and Fabens, fre-
quently mentioning to mo as his roason for so doing
that they were tho spocial agents of President Grant,
ami knew all his wishes and plans, being in direct
correspondence with him.
About.this time, these men. not content with their
already immenso grants, applied to Baez for a con-
cession of two hundred thousand acres of Innd. and
the Dominican senate were instructed directly by
Baez to grant this concession to them. This was to
have been accomplished in secret session. Some of
the senators, friends of annexation, callcd upon me
at my house, among them a brother of President
i. aez, and wished me to oppose this concession, or
grant, as they thought this, as well as other matters
A/1 a*vu notyct alluded to, a shameful violation of
the treaty. I wrote and called upon both President
Baez and Cazneau m relation to this matter. They
t i knowledge of it at first; but when con-
vinced 1 knew all about it, they informed me that
rG1SlVOre £?twithin thosphere of my duties,
and that iwas working against myowniriends; that
EabfCOiC*k a-?d knew all about it, and
Pn.1?y return to the United
states. General Babcock told me I had no right to
oppose grants and concessions of lands, and that I
had iryured the chances of annexation by so doing.
£n?ni °^annexatipn to point out ono
exaggerated or faJsu statement m any of mv corre-
spondence. I simply wished the truth known. I
lound great difficulty on my return from San Do-
mipgo to induce any ad vocatc of annexation to listen
^oit. 1 soon discovered that the annexation of Spn
Domingo was to be rushed through by fair means or
loul. Ibo authorities would not listen to the truth
themselves; much less would they allow the p-ubttc !
to be enlightened. If a. commission appointed by i
i States Government goes to San Domingo. ;
u will take a rauch longer time than three or four !
to properly inquire into the tiue state of
affairs. Let the United States guns be withdrawn;
Jet the people of the island have a free vote, unin-
timidated by the bayonets of Baez's troops supplied
from the United States arsenals, paid out of the
funds extracted from the United States Treasury
and handed over to the president of San Domingo
by the pri vrate secretary of the President of the Uni-
ted States; annul the grants and concessions given ;
let Dominicans be sent to Washington to represent
the wishes of their people; and then annexation
would be more fairly considered.
# There are many intelligent, upright, and influen-
tial Dominicans, who speak our language, and who
could represent their country more truthfully and
favorably than the man who styles himself plenipo-
tentiary and minister extraordinary of the Domin-
ican republic, now in Washington: a man against
whom our State Department cautioned President
Grant, through his secretary. Notwithstanding this,
General Babco'ck requests Mr. Baez to appoint Col-
onelFabens to the above-named position. I went
to San Domingo prejudiced in favor of annexation,
nor did I change my views until I had positive evi-
dence of the corrunt and shameless practices resorted
to by the wire-pullers of this San Domingo ring. In
conclusion, I would respectfully suggest to the gen-
tlemen composing the commission now about start-
ing that, unless they are perfectly familiar with the
Spanish language, they secure the services of an in-
terpreter in the United States, so as not to depend
entirely upon tho kind offices of Mr. Baez's Yankee
friendfe. The reason is obvious.
I remain, yours, very respectfully,
RAYMOND II. PERRY,
United, States Commercial Agent, So.n Domingo,
The CHAIRMAN*. All debate upon the
pending paragraph is now closed.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Wood, and it was
not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the names of the consulates in
schedule B.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to amend the
schedule just read by striking out the word
"Yeddo." My object will be better under-
stood when I state that the report of the Fifth
Auditor's office returns as the amount of fees
for the last year collected at the consulate at
Yeddo ^tlie sum of $18 50. Yqddo is distant
from Kanagawa about twenty mile3 by land
and fifteen miles by water. The consul at
Yeddo has just been appointed by the Presi-
dent consul to Kanagawa. The relation be-
tween Yeddo and. Ivanagawa is precisely the
same as the relation between Osacca and
Hjogo. Iliogo is distant from Osaeoa fifteen
miles. The consul at Osacca performs also
the duties at Iliogo, visiting the place once a
month, and finding 110 difficulty whatever in
attending to the business. The duties of the
consul to Kanagawa' are important, the busi-
ness amounting last year to $4,550. The con-
sul at this place can perform also the duties
of consul to Yeddo, the latter place being dis-
tant, as I have said, only twenty miles by land
and fifteen by water, and the business there !
amounting, last year, to only $18 50. j
The amendment of Mr. Haldemax was not j
agreed to. |
The Clerk rend as follows :
IV. Coxsciates. :
Schedule C.
equate to support the consul, who, at the pres-
ent time, is an unmarried man. Certainly we
do not desire to make money out of the pri-
vations of our officials. I propose that the
salary shall be fixed at $1,500, which is $177
less than the amount of the fees collected last
year. In that South American city the cost
of living, I am reliably informed, is as great
as in the city of New York. I trust the House
will not object to increasing this salary, which
is now found to be utterly inadequate.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope this committee will
not attempt to regulate consular salaries in
this bill. If we raise one salary we shall have
to raise a great many; and the whole thing
will be thrown into confusion. There is now
pending in the hands of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs a bill regulating the salaries
of all these officers. I presume that bill will
be reported in a short time, and then we can
consider this whole question. There are many
cases like the one mentioned by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] It seems
to me we ought not to interfere with such
questions in an appropriation bill. I ask for
a vote on the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
V. Commercial Agexcies.
Schedule O.
i Amoor river, Apia, Belize, Gaboon, Saint Paul de
: Loanda, Lanthala, Sabanilla.
' _ Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by insert-
1 ing at the end of the paragraph just read the
| word "Bolivia." My object in making this
I motion is more particularly to call the atten-
! tion of the House to the importance of more
! intimate intercourse in a business point of
! view with the republic of Bolivia, the great,
; rich, central republic of South America. At
| present we have but two consulates in Bolivia,
one at Cobija and the other at La Paz. I see
this bill makes no appropriation for La Paz.
Cobija is a little town on the Pacific coast, in
I the extreme southwest of the country, cut off
| by the almost impassable range of the Andes
, from the main part of the republic. The fertile
! and productive part of Bolivia lies east of the
rang'eof the Andes, and is traversed by branches
j of the Amazon river on the north and north-
: east and by the La Plata river on the south
1 and southeast. Access must be had to that
: country from the Atlantic.
j _ Last year we granted a charter to the Na-
; tional Bolivian Navigation Company. It was
deemed at that time by Congress a very im-
[ portant matter that we should secure access
' to Bolivia by way of the Amazon river. This
1 is a country of some two million seven hun-
j dred and fifty thousand inhabitants, and em-
j braces a territory of four hundred thousand
I square miles. It is a productive region, hav-
ing been in ancient times the most productive
part of America. The wealth which Pizarro
Guayiaas, Maranhauo. Matamoras, Mexico, Monto-
X1.1 ^ra,oa> P&ytn, Para, Po.po del Norte, Piraeus,
Rio Grande, Saint Catherine. St. John, (Ncwfound-
&n,d.-). Santiago, (Cape Verde.) Stettin, Tabasco,
iahiti, laleahuano, Tumbez, Venice, Zanzibar.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the paragraph just read
the following :
Provided, That the salary of tho consul at Monte-
video shall be $1,500.
Mr. Chairman, by the consular act of 1856,
the salary of the consul at Montevideo is fixed
at $1,000, which, perhaps, in the state of trade
there at the time of the passage of that act,
was adequate, the business then being of
comparatively small consequence. Since that
time, however, the business has very largely
increased. I hold in my hand a report of the
Secretary of State showing that during the
last year the fees at that place amounted to
$1,677 70. With the increased price of living
there, the present salary is found.utterly iaad-
country.
Now, up to 1807, there was no possibility
of approaching Bolivia by way of the Amazon
river. The treaty made in 18G7 or 1808 allowed
vessels to go up the Amazon. Brazil and
Bolivia have now agreed that there shall be a
free intercourse 011 this route. A railroad has
been projected so as to enable trade and travel
to pass the rapids of the Madeira river and
come and go from the heart of Bolivia 011 the
northeast. As I said before, there is the La
Plata on the southeast, and my proposition
is—and I have a bill before the Committee on
Foreign Affairs at this time to give authority
to a commercial agent—my proposition is to
authorize the establishment of a commercial
agency upon the La Plata river. Other nations
appreciate the importance of connection with
Bolivia. In the northwestern quarter of Bolivia
the citizens of Peru, and perhaps that repub-
lic itself, are now investing money in the con-
