1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
order that there is no law providing for this
expenditure.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indi-
ana makes the point of order that there is no
survey or recommendation on which to base
this appropriation.
Mr. HA1GHI. Well, there is a survey.
There is no recommendation from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, but there was a survey
made and a report, and I have all the papers
in my hand.
The SPEAKER. Is it an estimate based
on surveys?
Mr. HA1GHT. Yes, sir; it is an estimate
and report of an engineer, based on au actual
survey.
The SPEAKER. Is it in the estimates sub-
mitted by the Department?
Mr. HAIGHT. Yes, sir; it is an estimate
submitted by the Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was Dot aware of its
being in the estimates.
The SPEAKER. If that be so, the Chair
is compelled to rule the amendment in order.
Mr. HAIGHT. That is so. I will send the
report to the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
gentleman's word for it.
Mr. HAIGHT. 1 do not wish to place my-
self in a false position. Let me see if I under-
stand the Chair correctly. I hold in my band
a report sent here by the Secretary of War
with reference to the survey authorized to be
made at the last session of Congress for the
improvement of this river, in which there is a
recommendation for an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. Was it sent in at the
present session ?
Mr. HAIGHT. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. That brings it within the
rule. It is in order.
Mr. HAIGHT. Now, Mr. Speaker, in offer-
ing this amendment I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Commerce and of
the members of the House to it, and I be-
lieve if it had been understood by the commit-
tee that there had been such a report made,
it would have been incorporated in the bill as
reported by the committee. I am satisfied
that the gentlemen in charge of this bill [Mr.
Sawyer] has never seen this report by Colonel
Kurtz. I called his attention to it this morn-
ing, and he told me that he had not seen it,
as it did not get to the Committee on Com-
merce before tliey had prepared and reported
this bill.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the manner iu which the State I in part rep-
resent has been treated in this bill and has
always been treated in these river and harbor
appropriation bills. I charge that, from all
the appropriations made by this Government
for theBe purposes, the State of New Jersey has
received altogether but the sum of $38,000.
How is it in this very bill? For the State of
Wisconsin it is proposed to appropriate, in
round numbers, the sum of §250,000, and for
the State of Michigan there is proposed to be
appropriated £580,000, scattered broadcast all
over those Slates, for every little stream and
river and lake in those States. Now, 1 charge
that there is more commerce transported over
the river for which 1 now ask an appropriation
of $14,000 than is transported over two thirds
of the rivers for which it is proposed to make
appropriations. I cannot very well understand
why the gentleman in charge of this bill [Mr.
Sawyer] and the gentleman on the sub-com-
mittee from the State of Michigan [Mr. Con-
ger] should have overlooked the report made
for the. improvement of the rivers of New Jer-
sey. But they did overlook it; and I wish now
to call the attention of the House to the report
made by Colonel Kurtz, a very able and com-
petent engineer. In asking for this appropri-
ation he says:
"A statement is inclosed, showing the number anil
tonnage of vessels, amount and value of commerce
and property interested in the improvement. It will
be observed that in addition to the prosperous and
growing regions heretofore dependent upon these
outlets fir their business, the wealthy community
ot liong Branch will hereafter have its water com-
munication by this line of navigation. The annuil
commerce of these waters amounts to about one mil-
lion two hundred thousand dollars. The value of
real estate, including Long Branch, bordering upon
these channels, is $15,000,000. The business done
yearly in the North Shrewsbury, principally at Red
Bank, amounts to 81,800,000. The anticipated in-
crease in values dependent upon the improvements
is fourfoid."
Now, sir, we have never asked from the
Government any appropriation for our rivers.
Last year the local authorities of the town-
ships bordering upon the south branch and
the north branch of the Shrewsbury river
raised by taxation the sum of $30,000, which
was paid by the people of those localities.
Now, when we ask for a small appropriation
like this, I think it is a not unreasonable
demand, in view of the large appropriations
made by this bill to other States and to other
localities. Now, I want to ask any gentleman
on the Committee on Commerce if he has ever
read the report made by Colonel Kurtz rec-
ommending this appropriation of $14,000?
He gives at length and in detail the nature
and manner of the proposed improvements in
this river. He shows that there is no doubt
that this sum of $14,000 will clear out the
obstructions in the river, so that there will be
no interference with a direct communication
between this locality and the city of New
York.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAWYER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. 1 will only say this in regard to it: the
report came in late, and we had no time to"
examine it. I think it would be a very danger-
ous precedent for us to make an appropriation
before we know something about the recom-
mendation of the Department. I now ask a
vote.
Mr. HAIGHT. A single word. I have the
report here, and have read from it. I trust
the gentleman wiil offer no objection to the
little amendment I have proposed.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Haight ; and it was agreed
to, upon a division—ayes eighty-two, noes not
counted.
Mr. BIRD. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the amendment just adopted ''for
the improvement of South river, New Jersey,
$15,000." This amendment is of precisely the
same character as the one just adopted by the
House. At the last session Congress directed
a survey of this river to be made, and I hold in
my hand the report of the engineer who made
the survey, containing a recommendation that
an appropriation of $15,000 be made for the
purpose of completing and perfecting the navi-
gation of that river. Compared with many
recommendations which are made in this bill,
the one I propose is deserving the favorable
consideration of this House. 1 doubt not that
when it is once understood, when it is known
what is the extent of territory and the large
amount of eonyieree to be benefited by this
improvement, the House will not hesitate for
a moment to give us what we ask. If it be
compared with many appropriations recom-
mended for Wisconsin and Michigan, none
will hesitate for a moment to say that this
appropriation is necessary, wise, _ and just.
VVhen compared with the appropriation recom-
mended for Two Rivers harbor, Wisconsin,
the Ahnepee harbor, Michigan, or Muskegon
harbor, Michigau, or Grand Haven, Michi-
gan, and other such improvements of rivers
and harbors in Wisconsin and Michigan, this
amendment of mine will recommend itself to
the mind of every just and candid person as
deserving the favorable consideration of Con-
gress, and should be adopted.
The farm products of this region amount
to $560,506 per annum. The commerce in
fire and molding-sand amounts to over twelve
thousand tons. A very large business is done
in the manufacture of bricks, amounting in
that immediate vicinity to seventy-two millions
yearly, the value of which is $540,000. The
manufactures of rubber, flour, cigars, whisky,
spices, &c., exceed $1,250,000 yearly. Let
me give these items in detail:
Cigars, 736.264 pounds  $22 000
Whisky. 40,000.    100.000
Manufactured rubber  6UU.000
Manufactured spices  70 000
Flour, feed, k<s  250*000
Total.,
..$1,042,000
In spita of the obstructions to navigation and
commerce, the people of that region have pro-
gressed thus rapidly. But a small appropria-
tion is needed to give vent to a still larger
amount of commerce, which will not only add
to the wealth of that immediate vicinity, but
advance that commerce which is the pride and
the glory not only of New Jersey, but of the
entire United States. I trust that the amend-
ment which I have proposed will receive the
favorable consideration of the House.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that this amendment
will not be adopted.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 42, noes 58 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Sawyer and
Mr. Bird were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 75, noes 49.
t Mr. SAWYER. I call for the yeas and
hays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey. I move to
amend by inserting after the amendment last
adopted "for the removal of obstructions in
Salem river, New Jersey, $4,000." I ask the
Clerk to read an extract relating to this subject
from a letter of the Secretary of War.
The Clerk read as follows:
"9. Salem river. New Jersey.—The obstructions to
the navigation of this river are at its entrance from
Delaware bay, and consist of rock in its natural
position as well as loose, and of roek thrown-from
vessels earrying stone for the Delaware breakwater.
Vessels drawing from twelve to fourteen feet can
reach the wharves at Salem, but the risk of entering
the river is a serious drawback to the trade of the
town. Tbe officer in charge estimates that $4 OOOwill
be sufficient to remove these rocks, which will not
only do away with the existing danger to vessels,
but may ultimately increase the depth of water at
the entrance."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of Manistee harbor, Michigan,
$9,000.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move to amend
by inserting after the clause just read
'•for improvement of Eagle harbor, Michi-
gan, $25,000." This appropriation has been
recommended by a joint resolution adopted
unanimously by the Legislature of Michigan.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any estimate for
this improvement ?
Mr. STRICKLAND. There is an estimate
for completing it. The work is now nearly
completed.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to call attention to
the fact that this is a place with no commerce
whatever.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I ask that the joint
resolution upon this subject, adopted by the
Legislature of Michigan, be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution asking Congress for an appropria-
tion to aid in deepening and completing thechan-
nel between the waters of Lako Superior and the
harbor ol Eagle Uarbor, in the State of Michigan.
Whereas Congress has recognized the importance
of and made an appropriation to deepen and im-
prove the channel between tho harbor of Ea^ie Har-
bor and the waters of Lake Superior, and there
remain unused of such appropriation abont. twenty-
two thousand dollars, an amount insutlicient to
complete and finish said work ; and whereas there
remain about seven hundred and fifty cubic yards
of rock to be blasted and removed from the bed
of said ehannel, which cannot be-done lor less than
sixty dollars per cubic yard; and whereas the har-
bor of Eagle Harbor is one of the most important
harbors of refuge connecting with Lako Superior,
