106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
West Point Military Academy.
41st Cokg 3d Sess.
England. If this course should be inaugurated,
the bill 1 offer become a law, or wool should
be placed on the free list as "raw material,"
in a few years wool-growing would become a
leading business ail over the West, and espe-
cially in the States I have named, and our
woolen manufactures would also flourish. Wc
would soon supply the West Indies, and Cen-
tral and. South America with all their woolen
goods, and would compete with England in
the markets of the world.
As to how this excessive duty affects the
manufacturing interest, I beg to copy here the
able argument made by a New York merchant
before the Committee of Ways and Means, at
the present session of Congress, upon the peti-
tion of the manufacturers for relief. It can-
not fail to be read with interest, and besides
must convince the most urgent protectionist
of the fact that his theories on this subject
have been overturned by the logic of facts. It
is as follows:
To thehonorablc Committee of Ways and Means.
United States House of Representative?:
Gentlemen: I have boon requested to present to
Congress a petition of the leading woolen manufac-
turers of thecountiy, and which, I learn, has rcachcd
your committee. Jn addition to which I have hastily
prepared a few more iacts, winch I think may sus-
tain the position assumed in the petition and fur-
ther sot forth the correctness of the views taken.
It is a well-known fact that ever since the high
tariff of 18(57 on foreign tine wools suitable for our
domestio woolen mills the prices of our domestic
raw wools have rapidly declined. This is in con-
sequence of our American woolen mills being com-
pelled to use nearly one giado of wool, and heneo of
loading the market with nearly one kind of manu-
factured cloth, it beins: well known that there is
scarcely fine wool enough raised in this country to
supply one ordinary woolen mill for tho exclusivo
manufacture of hue woolen goods similar to thoso
imported from abroad.
It is also a well-known fact that the price of
things abroad regulates the price at homo. The quo-
tations in Now York city of the grain and flour of
tbo West aro rogulated by tho prices in Europe per
cablo dispatches, lience, when pricos advance in
Europe a corresponding increase occurs at home.
Now, if a heavy accumulation of lino law wools
takes placo at any commercial center in Europe the
price declines, and hence tho manufacturers abroad
aro enabled to flood tho world with tlreir productions,
to the particular detriment of tho manufacturers in
tho United States. If, therefore, this fine raw wool
were allowed to bo imported into the United States
free of duty the price would advance abroad in con-
sequence of tho demand in the United States, and
hence our domestic wools would consequently in-
crease in price by reason of the necessity tor Amer-
ican raw wools to bo mixed with the foreign tine,
and thus a uniform distribution, agreeably with the
demand of American line cloth, and that which can
only at present be manufactured, would enhance
tho price of each, to say nothing of tho export trade
m domestic woolon manufactures, which would then,
by reason of free foreign fine wool, ccrtainly tako
place.
Our domestic wool-growers have had their bitter
expenenceof the high tariff on foreign wool the past
four years; for if the American woolen manufac-
turers arc crushed and depressed, tho prices of do-
mestic raw wool must necessarily decline, and this
alone caubcd, as has been already stated, by nonrly
all the American manufacturers boiug compelled to
produce noarlvtho same article, and consequently
overstocking the market. In a word, the want of
uniformity in tho distribution of the demand is the
sole cause of the prostration of American woolen
manufacturers, and which the importation of tree
fine wools wouidspecdily correct.
It has been found that skilled labor abroad costs
quite as much as it does in this couniry ; and when
we consider tho fact that by the aid of improved
machinery, and also the fact ot a workman here
doing as much labor in one day in our mills as a
workman similarly employed in Europe would do
in a day and a half, together with the important
fact that in European mills they work only fifty-
four hours in the week, while in the United States
they work sixty-six hours in tho week, it will bo
clearly seen that with free imported fine wools*
v e could certainly compete with < treat Britain in
the maikcts of the world, notwithstanding the great
amount of pauper labor employed.
Our present lii^h tariff, then, on foreign fine wools
for use in our Americau mills, to mix with our do-
mestic raw material, I think 1 have fully shown to
be incomplete protection to British interests and
Jj gli>h manufactures. But it appears, as I shall
presently show, that the English manufacturers arc
not content with monopolizing in great part the
trade of the world in lino woolon manufacture-', but
desire as well to flood this country with the very low
jfrade of goods winch wo can now only produce.
I bold in my hand a letter and "catechism"
addressed by the English minister at the city of
Washington to most of our leading American manu-
facturers, and from which it appears, to say the iea&t,
he has been made the innocent instrumentality of
getting important information for the interests of
British woolen manufacturers, or, to use the express-
ive words of one of our largest and leading woolen
mill owners in the United States, Mr. Seth B. Hunt,
of New York city, "to pick our brains while we hold
the candle."
But to the letter and " catechism:"
British Legation1,
Washington, D. 0., December 7,1870.
Gentlemen: Tho British commissioners of the
Annual International Exhibition, the first of which
is to be held in London next year, are desirous of
obtainingspecimensofthe native woolen and worsted
manufactures of this country, of all ciualities, line
and coarse, but especially the latter, in use among
the working classes; for they wish that the exhibi-
tion of next year should contain as complete a rep-
resentation as possible of the woolen and worsted
fabrics of all nations, especially of the commoner
kinds, which are made only for native use and not
for export.
You would, therefore, do me a groat favor if you
would furnish me with specimens of tho woolen and
worsted fabrics of the Waterville Manufacturing
Company, whose agents I believe you are. The com-
missioners would wish these specimens to be about
three yards in length.
I incloho a number of forms, one of which, if you
should kindly accede to my petition, should be at-
tached to each specimen after the blanks arc filled
up with all possible information. 1 venture to hope
that the spccimon may be sent to me as soon as pos-
sible. I will of course pay the freight to Washing-
ton, and will tako caro that thoy are forwarded to
England.
Honing you will excuse the trouble I am giving
you, I remain, gentlemen, verv truly vours,
EDWAKD TIIOKxVTOtf,
Her Britinnnie Majesty's Minister.
" Catechism.
International Exhibition of 1871.
Form of label to be attached to objects forwarded
to her Majesty's commissioners.
]. Number. *
2. Name of object.
3. Materials ot which it is made.
4. Purpose for which it is used.
5. Dato of manufacture.
6. Wholesale price for a large quantity.
7. Manufacturer's name.
8. ilis address.
9. Any other information.
10. Name of the person forwarding the object. .
* It is desirable that each object should bear a
number corresponding with the number of their
label, to provide for cases in which the labclmight
possibly become detached or in which it might be-
come inconvenient to fasten the label to the object
itself."
This is stooping to conquer, and I will here repeat
that the English manufacturers having got all they
want in the shapo of our higk tariff on wool, aver-
aging one hundred and twenty per cent., (being a
protection to them,) now wish to compete with the
American manufacturers among their own people in
tho low grade of goods which can at present only be
manufactured in this country on account of the tariff
on fine raw wools.
The request contained in tho letter and "cate-
chism is certainly cool, but ingenious, showing how
carefully the British Government is looking after
the interests of its manufacturers.
The information sought to be obtained is coverod
up by ministering to a supposed American national
vanity, in allowing the American manufacturers an
opportunity to exhibit their skill at the "Interna-
tional Exhibition in London, the British manufac-
turers supposing that the Americans would be eager
to respond to the letter and "catechism."
It will be observed that the samples are to be only
Ulrre yards in length, and of each kind, but espe-
cially the commoner kinds, repeated in tho above
letter.
Mr, Hunt's remarks, "to pick our brains, while
wc hold the candle," effectually dispose of the
motives of the above letter and "catechism." Ho
has very politely replied to Minister Thornton's
letter by saying: "We have no samples to furnish,
especially of tho commoner kinds. Very respect-
fully, <fee."
If our American minister, when he goes abroad
to adorn our country, should send a similar request
for our contemplated " International Exhibition"
to the British woolen manufacturers, and we were
then, with the aid of free imported wool, manu-
facturing fine goods as weil and cheaply as in
Great Britain, and accompanying the request with
a printed blank, which they would term the Amer-
ican" catechism," I rather think the American
minister would get a reply similar to Mr. Hunt's to
Mr. lhornton, namely: "We have no samples to
furnish, especially ot the finer kinds. Very respect-
fully, &c."
The domestic woolen manufacturers simply ask
you to make all foreign wools free of duty, or at
XeftL't place them on the same footing that foreign
carpet wools now aro.
As Lho tariff on sugars made at tho last session
ot the Lorty-Eirst Congress uas been adjusted and
equalized during this session, and the Secretary of
the Treasury has appeared before the Committee of
Ways aud Means, recommending the equalization
of the tariff on brandy and other liquors, and winch
has been approved by said committee, so the do-
mestic woolen manufacturers hope that the flagrant
discriminations upon grades of wool not produced
in this country to any extent may be also equitably
adjusted this session, as the woolen manufacturing
interest is second, I believe, in extent to that ot all
others in the country.
The duty on foreign carpet wool is three cents
per pound, or fifteen per cent, ad valorem, whether
washed, unwashed, or scoured, while clothing wool
pays double duty if washed, and trebled if scoured.
sj- A :?
I think, gentlemen, I have clearly shown that tho
tariff on all foreign wool should be made free, and
we hope you will give the petition this session the
consideration which so important an interest de-
serves. The high charactcr of the petitioners, some
of whom are, no doubt, well known to you. presents
an additional claim for your favorable consideration
to their requests.
But, in conclusion, allow mo to make what I con-
sider an important suggestion.
1 hold in my hand a letter addressed to me by ono
of the largest woolen manufacturers in the country,
to whom I have before alluded:
New York, December 3,1870.
My Dear Sir : I have yours dated 1st instant, and
in answer have to say that one of the partners of
Messrs. Piatt Brothers, Oldham, near Manchester,
England, told me he was here getting orders for
machinery; that the present tariff suited his purpose
well, it being thirty-five per cent, on machinery,
while American manufacturers of machinery had to
givcdouble the price hedidfor iron. Thisis another
instance where our present tariff protects English
manufacturers instead of American.
Yours, truly, SET H B. HUNT.
Mr. John C. Hopper.
Now, if this is so, (and the high character of Mr.
Hunt cannot bo questioned,) the tariff on foreign ma-
chinery should bo from seventy-five to one hundred
per cent. I learn that a woolen mill is about being
erected near the mouth of the Mississippi, and
Messrs. Piatt Brothers, of England, have made a
hid of $513,000 for the machinery. All machinery
for such purposes, with our enormous iron interests,
should be constructed in this country, and American
industry aud capital protected. I hope Ihaveshown
that it is only the grades of wool that are not pro-
duced here which are wanted, and none but the fino
would be imported if free, except the carpet wools
also, not produced here.
The principle has always obtained in this country
by our leading statesmen, I believe, that all articles
which enter into American manufactures, and not
produced hero to any extent, should be imported
free of duty.
The following is from the New York Tribune
of December 5, 1870:
"But if any ono ever imagined that laying a duty
of one hundred and twenty per cent, on an imported
staple like wool would increase the price of domes-
tic wool to that extent, he must have been either a
free trader, a natural fool, or both."—Editor.
From every stand-point it seems that these
duties should be changed to a lower standard,
or wool should be placed on the free list. The
vast interests of the country demand this ; the
burdens upon the masses of the people are
appealing arguments to us for the granting of
this relief, and a grand prosperity would be
the result. Shall this relief be granted ?
In the name of the people who are now
oppressed with unnecessary burdens I ask it.
In the name of justice, of equality, and fair
dealing, [ ask it. I therefore earnestly urge
the passage of this bill.
West Point Military Academy.
LETTER OF THE SECRETARY OP WAR,
in relation to
WEST POINT MILITARY ACADEMY.
Ik tiie House of Representatives,
February 14, 1871.
The House having under consideration the West
Point military investigation, the following letter
from the Secretary of War, in answer to several
resolutions of tho House of February 11, 1871, in
relation to the Jate lire at the Military Academy,
and the late disturbances there, was ordered to bo
printed in tho Globe:
The Secretary of War has the honor to sub-
mit to the House of Representatives, in answer
to the several resolutions of February 11, 1871,
