1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
together. I venture to say that nine tenths
of the items of appropriation in this bill if
presented to this House singly and alone
would fail to pass.
-It is by grouping them together and scatter-
ing1 broadcast appropriations all over the coun-
try, in an omnibus bill of this sort, that suffi-
cient force is obtainpd to put through a bill
which confiscates $4,000,000 of the property
of the United States for the benefit of particu-
lar towns. Now. sir, as the bill is based upon
that principle, I was surprised at the remark
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Saw-
yer.] that.this amendment ought not to be
adopted, because they have not got a town of
any consequence at this point. [ am in favor
of the amendment. I want to help the gen-
tleman from Michigan to make a town there.
If ihey have not any commerce there we ought
to dig out the channel and make the place so
that they can get commerce. What is the use
of having a town if they have no commerce?
What is the use of people settling there if they
do not have a harbor? How are they going to
do any business without commerce? [Laugh-
ter.] I recollect that somebody said some-
where, and it was a very notable remark, that
'■all large rivers run by large towns," and
that is a very singular fact in nature. It is so
in regard to my friend's town out in Michigan.
He lias got a town there by the side of the
lake, and if that town is not large now ft- ought
to be made large by an act of Congress and
by an appropriation from the Government.
[Laughter.] I am for the amendment.
Mr. COGGER. Mr. Speaker, I do not.
woiitlfptbat- my friend from Illinois is willing
to assist any other State to get any appropria-
tions. because, fortunately, in the distribution
of the moneys that have been given to improve
the harbors and rivers of the States, his own
Stale of Illinois ranks third of all tile States
in the Union for the amount of its appropria-
tions, and in this very bill it has ihe largest
propor-tioti- of any State in the Union. He
should: be generous; he should be kind; the
milk of bis-human kindness should flow over
wall.
But I desire to say to you, Mr. Speaker, and
to this House, that if any member of this House
will take the various reports of the engineers,
and study them by daylight and by lamp-light,
for days and weeks and months, as the Com-
mittee on lliver and Harbor Improvements
have done, and siftoutfrom their recommenda-
tions the works that are absolutely necessary
far the commerce of the country for national
purposes, then they may criticise this bill. But,
until they do their criticisms fall harmless
upon my ears. 1 do not suppose the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] makes
any serious criticism of this bill.
Now, I say to gentlemen that we have en-
deavored to follow the recommendations of
the engineer department, and to appropriate
on the average about thirty per cent, of the
msount called for in theestiniates for thisyear.
We have endeavored to make our recom-
mendations in the interests of commerce and
in the interests of navigation, not in the inter-
ests of individuals, not even in the interests
o$v States. It so happens that some States
are inland, and have no rivers or harbors to
b:e improved, while other States have many
harbors and rivers; therefore it happens that
some States have larger appropriations than
other States have. Before ibis bill was intro-
duced, out of some $27.000.000 heretofore
appropriated the State of Illinois has received
$2,(514,000, and of the $4,000,000 reeom
mended: by this bill' the Slate of Illinois is
awarded very nearly $1,000,000.
Now, one word iu regard to the pending
amendment. Jtis a thankless task-for me to
rise in my place, and in opposition to the reso-
lution of the Legislature ol'my State, in oppo
sition to the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
S®SICSEJ.akb.j u> object, as I It-el compelled to
da, k> v-uieuduient which he has ofiered to
this bill. I do not doubt the necessity of im-
proving this harbor. I have no doubt that on
this great lake of Superior, on this Keewenaw
Point, which stretches away out into the middle
of Lake Superior, this harbor of Eagle Harbor
should be improved as a harbor of refuge,
whether there is any commerce there or not.
There have_ been appropriations tnaitfe for
this harbor: there is a necessity for more.
But this fact- stares me in the face: that for
three years there has been the sum of $22,000
at the service of the engineer department and
not expended by them. Of the other appro-
priations which have been estimated for we
give from one third to one fourth of what
is asked. Here the amount of $22,000 has
remained unexpended for three years, though
it might have opened some passage, deepened
some way through that rock.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
this fact: I labored at the last session, as I
have labored at this session, to obtain com-
munications from the engineer department, and
estimates for opening and deepening the Sault
Ste. Marie canal, which is necessary to open
up to navigation all the harbors of Lake Supe-
rior and Lake Superior itself. This House
last year very kiuuly made an appropriation
of $150,000 to open this canal to tbe lake, so
that vessels can go up there. This year this
House has very kindly made an appropria-
tion, in advance of this bill, of $100,000 to
carry on that work during the present winter,
so as to open that great channel of communi-
cation between the lakes. In this very bill
the Committee on Commerce have kindly
given to the State of Michigan—or rather to
the commerce of all the lakes—an additional
appropriation of $250,000 to go on with the
work of enlarging that canal.
I will not ask for my own State even small
appropriations for harbors up in L ike Superior
until we have a channel of communication by
which shipping can pass from the lower lakes
up into the great lake of Superior, where they
may need such harbors. Although the Legis-
lature of my State has requested me to urge
this appropriation, yet as a member of the
Committee on Commerce I have felt it to be
my duty not to recommend that appropriation
for my own State. I feel it my duty to say to
this House to-day that there are other harbors
for which appropriations are more needed.
And I say to my colleague [Mr. Strickland]
and to other gentlemen of this House that it'
they load down this bill with a few more amend-
ments, if they cannot trust a committee which
I venture to say has served as faithfully iu
investigating this matter as any committee ever
did, then they will destroy this bill. I have
been influenced by no local interests, for there
is no appropriation for the district I represent
except one of §1.500.
I have no local interests to subserve ; and I
venture to say that iu this bill the committcc
have provided for the distribution of this money
in accordance with the wants of commerce and
the interests of navigation with regard to all
the States. I therefore oppose this amend-
ment: and I call upon members of this House,
if they have any confidence in their commit-
tee, to stand by the bill as reported, and post-
pone these other appropriations until another
year, when many of tbe works for which we
now appropriate will have been completed,
and when new appropriations can be made
without drawing too largely upon the Ireasury.
rHere the hammer fell.]
Mr. STRICKLAND. My colleague is mis-
taken in relation to the amount of ihe appro-
priation now on hand. it is $22,000, not
$32,000. 1 went to the office for the very pur-
pose of getting the facts in regard to this mat
ter, and 1 was informed that the officers would
not expend this balance of appropriation be-
cause it wouid not carrry tile channel through
the rocks and.its expenditure would bea waste
of money unless a further appropriation should
be made. At the last session I proposed the
same amendment which I offer at the present
time, and it was voted down upon the promise
that provision for this object should be made
in the next bill, i now come here supported
by the unatiimoirs vote of the Legislature of
Michigan, and by the petition of every person
doing business in the region in question, and £
ask that the $65,000 already appropriated may
not be wasted, that this additional appropria-
tion may be made in order to complete the
work and render available the money already
expended.
I do not wonder that my colleagne says that
he doesnoi. desire to antagonize the Legisla.ure
of his State. I should think that he ought not
to do so. This appropriation has already been
delayed for one year on the promise ihat it
should be included in the bill of thisyear; and
now my colleague closes his remarks by rec-
ommending that we shall wait another year.
It seems to me that this policy of waiting from
year to year conduces only to a waste of the
people's money and the injury of commerce.
1 wish to make one other remark. This sin-
gle harbor sends out more copper than any
other harbor in the Ignited States except one.
Let me say to my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Farxsworth.] who undertook to ridicule this
proposition and to ' damn it with faint praise,"
that we do not ask this appropriation for the
purpose of building up a town, but that the
copper business already carried on at this place
is second only to that of one other place in
the United States. I ask the House to adopt
this amendment and give us the appropriation
which was promised one year ago.
Mr. Mc-COUMICK, of Missouri. Does
not the engineer department recommend an
appropriation of $100 000?
Mr. STRICKLAND. Yes, sir; but that
was with the view of making tbe channel two
hundred feet wide. We only ask that it shall
he made sixty feet wide; and for this purpose
$2-3,000 will be sufficient.
Mr. PGT1TDK. I wish to remind the House
that, as 1 hear from iny colleagues on the com-
mittee, in the first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress the river and harbor bill was so loaded
down with amendments in this House that the
Senate refused to pass it, and no bill making
specific appropriations for that purpose be-
came a law during that Congress. The same
tiling happened in the second session of the
Fortieth Congress. The only appropriation
for rivers and harbors passed during the
Fortieth Congress was an appropriation of
$1,500,000 at the first session, for Hie pur-
pose of maintaining works which had been
begun. A similar appropriation, amounting
to $2,000,000, was made at the first session of
this, the Forty-First Congress.
I am satisfied, sir, that if we begin to break
down this hill in this way, and particularly in
favor of places with so little_claim to appro-
priations as that for which this appropriation
is urged by the gentleman from Michigan, we
may as well give up all hope of passing a bill
of this kind at the present session.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. Speaker, if this dis-
cussion cannot be brought to a close otherwise,
I must move t.o terminate debate.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. _ I would like to
be heard a few moments on this bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I simply desire to call the attention of the
House to the character of this bill. I am not
disposed to oppose the amendment- of the gen-
tleinan from .Michigan so far as its own merits
are concerned ; but the chairman of the com-
mittee announced to the House a little while
aero that he hoped no -'innovations' would
be made upon this bill as reported, because
the committee had thoroughly investigated
these questions. Now, it seems to me that
no "innovations" should be made from any
northern quarter, but that " iiiuova;ions
might with great propriety be made iro>n the
