18*1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
41st Cong....3d Sess.
West Point Military Academy.
Ho. of Heps.
all the information at present in his possession
relative to the late fire at the Military Academy
and the gallant conduct of the cadets on that
occasion, together with a statement received
by him from the superintendent of the Mili-
tary Academy and the commandant of cadets,
explanatory of their action in connection with
the unlawful expulsion of certain members of
the fourth class by the first class of cadets.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
War Department, February 13, 1871.
Headquarters
United States Military Academy,
West Point, February 9, 1371.
Inspector United States Military Academy:
Sir: The Military Committee of the House
of Representatives, in their report to that hon-
orable body in-reference to the expulsion from
the Military Academy of Cadets Baird, Barnes,
and Flickinger by the first class, having charged
the superintendent of the Academy and the
commandant of the corps of cadets with hav-
ing " failed to properly appreciate the gravity
of the offense committed by the first class, and
showed a disposition to avoid a proper investi-
gation and punishment of the gross breach
of discipline and violation of the regulations
committed by the class ; having charged them
■with the offense of having disregarded the fol-
lowing regulations of the Academy: " a cadet's
resignation, if he be under age, must be accom-
panied by a written consent of his parent or
guardian;" having charged that "their con-
duct in advising these cadets to resign, before
any notice had been taken of or investigation
ordered into the outrage of which they had
been the victims, is censurable, their failure
to take prompt action for the punishment of
the offending class, by arresting the guilty
cadets and preferring charges against them
for a court-martial, their official expression
of a belief that the class were actuated by
good "motives in their unlawful action, and
their continuance of the first class on duty as
cadet officers to enforce the discipline of the
Academy, amount, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, to a verbal sanction of the riotous pro-
ceedings of the class and an encouragement
of the repetition of the offense having fur-
ther charged that the position thus assumed
by the officers is subversive to the discipline
of the Academy, and that the conduct of the
officers shows a lack of comprehension of the
principles of military discipline :
The undersigned, the superintendent of the
Military Academy and the commandant of the
corps of cadets, availing themselves of the
rights granted by the ninety-second Article of
War, respectfully demand that a court of
inquiry be ordered to investigate their con-
duct, with a view to being brought to trial by
a geneial court-martial, should there be found
to be any facts to sustain the charges made
against them by the Military Committee.
At the time the sub-committee was at West
Point, investigating the expulsion of the cadets
named, all the facts connected with their ex-
pulsion were in the possession of the honor-
able Secretary of War, the head of the Military
Academy. Without any connection whatever
with the unlawful act of the first class, it be-
came the duty of the commandant of cadets to
prefer charges against Cadets Baird, Barnes,
and Flickinger for making falsa reports, or
what is commonly called " lying."
As integrity and truthfulness must be the
basis of the character of every worthy and reli-
able officer, as all frauds, false musters, em-
bezzlements, or misapplication of public funds,
can only be perpetrated under the false certifi-
cate of an officer, the crimc of official false-
hood has always been regarded as one of the
most serious in the military calendar, and has
no less punishment than dismissal.
Falsehood was the charge against the three
cadets. The honorable committee state that
" Baird and Flickinger freely admitted their
offenses ; but from the circumstances and the
character of the boys, they do not believe them
destitute of either manliness or integrity."
As nearly all officers in the course of their
lives hold positions of great pecuniary trust,
the superintendent and commandant, in the
interest of the Government, hold that the vice
of lying is incompatible with integrity, and
that when a cadet is guilty of the offense of
falsehood the Government should be spared
the expense of educating him. The three
cadcts named admitted their guilt, and as had
been often done before, they were in kindness
to themselves and friends advised to resign, to
avoid the disgrace inevitably attending a trial
by court-martial. As the responsible parties
for good order and military discipline, the
undersigned feel and know that a false impres-
sion diligently cultivated prevails throughout
the country in regard to the discipline and
subordination of the corps of cadets. This
impression will be strengthened by the report
of the Military Committee. Censured without
a trial, deprived of all liberty of judgment in
their official action, charged with the grave mil-
itary offense of sanctioning riotous proceed-
ings, their reputations as officers wantonly
assailed, they feel aggrieved by the unjust
treatment they have received from the Military
Committee, and are therefore compelled to
ask for a court of inquiry.
They furthermore would respectfully request
that the court be composed of officers of such"
eminent services and well known integrity as
shall entitle then- report to be received with
respect, and that they be required to express
an opinion as to whether in any degree the
superintendent and commandant, in the exer-
cise of a discretion always allowed command-
ing officers, have neglected their duty, and
whether, under their charge, the discipline of
the battalion of cadets has degenerated, as
compared with former years.
The sub-Military Committee was at West
Point less than twenty-four hours, and in ses-
sion less than eight. Whatever may be said
of the conduct of the first class, a thorough
investigation will show that their unlawful
action was but a single breach of military dis-
cipline, neither preceded nor followed by the
slightest mark of insubordination on their part.
in their official connection with the affair
the superintendent and commandant are ready
to abide the consequences of their every offi-
cial act, and desire at once to relieve the stigma
cast upon their reputation as officers; or, if
guilty of neglect of duty, or conduct subver-
sive of good order and military discipline, to
receive the legal punishment due to so grave
an offense.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully,
your obedient servants,
T. • G. PITCHER,
Col. First Infantry, Brev. Brig. Gen.,
Sup't. Military Academy.
E. DPTON,
Lieut. Col. First Artillery,
Brev. Maj. Gen. U. S. A., Com. of Cadets.
[Copy of telegram.]
West Point, February 5, 1871.
Inspector of the Military Academy :
A fire broke out about two o'clock this a. m.
in the dialectic hall of cadets' barracks. It com-
municated quickly with both wings, extended
along under the roof, and soon enveloped the
entire roof and every room on the fourth floor.
It being impossible to control the fire by the
hand and steam fire-engines, the valves freez-
ing, the thermometer six degrees below zero,
the cadets were sent to their various divisions,
where, with buckets from the foot of the stairs
leading to the fourth floor, and from the rooms
on the third floor, they fought the flames with
great energy and resolution, the water freezing
on them as it fell. After three hours the fire
was under control. All the rooms in the third
floor are habitable. A board will endeavor to
ascertain the cause of the fire. Academic exer-
cises will be continued Tuesday.
E. UPTON,
Acting Superintendent.
Adjutant's Office,
United States Military Academy,
West Point, February 5, 1871.
The entire roof and the fourth story of tho
cadet barracks were destroyed by fire this
morning, at two o'clock and twenty minutes
a. m. The fire originated in the dialectic
hall, rose to the root, and' turned east and
west. No lives were lost, but some of the
cadets had their feet and ears frozen. The
thermometer stood at four degrees below zero,
and a fresh wind blew from northwest. A
strong wind would have carried the Academy.
* * * * The whole force on the
post was promptly on the spot; but the fire
had two directions (east and west) to pursue.
The night was bitter, and the engine and hose
were frozen fast. * * * * I have
just returned (eleven a. m.) from the barracks.
The fire is smoldering and requires constant
watching. The thermometer is still at zero,
and the water thrown down the stairs freezes
as it falls.
EDWARD C. BOYNTON.
West Point, New York,
February 6, 1871.
********
I regret to report that the occupants of the
fourth-floor (burnt district) lost nearly every-
thing they possessed except the clothes they
had on ; but itisa subject of congratulation that,
beyond a few frosted ears and toes, the fire was
not attended with any serious accident. Three
sound sleepers found egress by the stairway,
cut off by fire and smoke, and were rescued by
ladders from the fourth-story windows. The
cold is described as intense, the thermometer
being below zero. The walls and stairways
when I arrived this a. m. were a mass of ice.
As further illustration of the intensity of the
cold, it is said that a cadet, on entering the
mess hall for breakfast, took off his overcoat
and it was frozen so hard that he stood it up
on the floor and put his cap on it.
* * * * * * * *
T. G. PITCHER.
[Special Orders, No. D.]
Headquarters
United States Military Academy,
West Point, January 10, 1871.
[Extract.]
2. Until further orders the members of the
first class will be confined to the limits of the
plain, bounded by the carriage road passing
the barracks, library, Fort Clinton, and the
superintendent's quarters. They are further
deprived of ail privileges and indulgences
granted cadets. Nor shall they apply for the
By command of Colonel Pitcher:
EDWARD C. BOYNTON,
Brevet Major arid Adjutant.
[Spccial Orders, i^o. ft.]
Headquarters
United States Military Academy,
West Point, February fi, 1871.
1. It is with pleasure that the acting super-
intendent announces to the corps of e:idpt,s his
own and the general commendation, elicited
by their action at the tire yesterday morning.
