716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ately. I indorse every word said by my friend
from Rhode Island.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object, as I see
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions is
now here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Rhode Island,
which will be read a second time at length for
information.
The bill was read a second time at length.
It provides that the pension of Catharine B.
Turner, widow of David Turner, late a captain
of the United States Navy, a pensioner on the
Brooklyn (New York) roll, be continued and
paid at the same rate from and after' January
1, 1870, as before that date.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where did that bill come
from ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is introduced
by the Senator from Rhode Island, who asks
for its present consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will have to be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to its present consideration, the bill will
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1261) providing for the administration of
oaths and affirmations by collectors of customs
and surveyors acting as collectors of customs;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 29o) relating to rights
of actual settlers upon certain lands; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 290) in relation to the
absentee Shawnee lands in Kansas ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 297) to extend to cer-
tain States the provisions of an act approved
July 4, 1804, entitled "An act to limit the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims;" which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution.
The VlCli PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported in full, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which proposes to extend the provisions of the
act entitled "An act to limit the jurisdiction
ot the Court of Claims," approved July 4,
1864, to the States of Arkansas, Texas. Louis-
iana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
South Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia;
but nothing herein contained is to be construed
or held to refer to claims for property other
than quartermaster or commissary stores pur-
chased or taken for lbs public use.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a very important
measure.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it had better lie-
over.
Mr. McDONALD. This resolution is of
great importance to our section, and I give
notice that 1 shall endeavor to call it up when-
ever I get an opportunity to do sa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor desire it to be referred to a committee or
to lie on the table ?
Mr. McDONALD. I move that it lie on
the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 298) exempting from the
operation of the act of March 3, 1809, the
vacancy in the grade of captain existing in the
ordnance department at the time of the pas-
sage of said act; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CBAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 299) authorizing tho nomin-
ation and appointment of Commander George
A. Stevens, now on the retired list, as a lieu-
tenant commander on the active list; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
hancock haiiracks, maine.
Mr. IIAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing to tho Secretary of War asthority to sell and
dispose of tho land and building known as "Han-
cock barracks," at Ilolton, Maine.
message from the house,
j! A message from the House of Representa-
j tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
ji that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 874)
11 to reimburse the State of Kansas for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion, with an amend-
ment, in which tho concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution rela-
tive to the printing of the report of the Com-
missioner of Education for the year 1870.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No.
594) to provide a government for the District
of Columbia, agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses 1 hereon, and had appointed Mr.
Burton C. Cook of Illinois, Mr. John A.
Bingham of Ohio, and Mr. Daniel W. Voor-
hees of Indiana, managers at the same on its
part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following joint resolutions, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) author-
izing the sale of a portion of the Fort Leav-
enworth military reservation to the Kansas
Agricultural and Mechanical Association of
Leavenworth county, in the State of Kansas,
for fair grounds ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting
the Chicago and Illinois Railroad Company
the right to build ;t bridge across the Wabash
river, and declaring the same a post road.
ENltOI.LliD BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution ; which
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1549) to enable Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improvement in
bedstead fastenings; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 434) extend-
ing the use of the Library of Congress to the
commissioners appointed to revise and con-
solidate the laws of the United Slates.
committee on telegraphs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
I offered the other morning in reference to
the appointment of a select committee on the
subject of telegraphs.
The \1CE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on the motion the resolution will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Williams on the 20th
instant:
Resolved, That n special committeo of the Senate,
to consist of seven members, be appointed by the
Chair, to which shall be referred all petitions, papers,
and bills relating to telegraphs, with power to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it would be only a
waste of time for us to take that up and
proceed with its consideration now. If it be
taken up I shall move its postponement to the
next Congress; and I suggest to my friend
from Oregon that there are now on our Calen-
dar several important bills on this very subject.
I reported one only the day before yesterday,
which ought to be on the table now, which has
already passed the House of Representatives,
general in character, providing a system of
regulations applicable to oceanic cables. Now,
I do not think it expedient, by such a proposi-
tion as that of the Senator from Oregon, to
interfere.with pending measures and with the
action of existing committees of the body.
What the Senator proposes may be proper in
the next Congress; and if the Senate at that
! time is so advised I shall make no objection ;
but for the present I think it is not expedient
to proceed with this resolution. I hope, there-
fore, it will not be taken up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I suppose an objection
settles this question for to-day ; and I make an
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is now concluded, and a majority of
the Senate can take up any bill or resolution
on the Calendar. The question i3 on the
motion of the Senator from Oregon, to take
up the resolution mentioned by him.
Mr. WTLLIAMS. I desire simply to have
some decisive action by the Senate upon this
subject. A proposition was made, has passed
the House of Representatives, and has been
pending here, to provide for a joint committee
of the two Houses to consider this subject-
Several Senators have suggested that a special
committee of the Senate ought to be raised for
that purpose, and I am solicited day after day
to have some action of the Senate upon the
question, so that it may be known definitely
whether the Senate will proceed to consider
this subject or take any action upon it, or
whether they are willing to let the matter
stand as it is. The suggestions of Senators
do not suffice; but I wish to have the action
of the Senate on the subject.
If it pleases the Senate so to vote upon this
proposition to proceed to the consideration
of this resolution as to indicate that they will
not interfere with matters as they now stand,
of course I shall acquiesce in that decision;
but if it be the pleasure of a majority of the
Senate to raise this special committee, then I
think action ought to be taken at this time;
otherwise it will avail nothing. All I ask is
that some action of some description, which
shall be decisive of this subject, may be taken
at this time, so that I may be relieved from
importunities. As I introduced the original
resolution, it seems to be considered that I
have charge of this subject in the Senate; I
wish to have it out of the way; and as far as
any indications have been made by the Senate
they have been favorable to this course of
action.
So far as the general bill reported by the
Senator from Massachusetts is concerned, I
have no objection to excepting that bill from my
resolution and letting it stand on the docket:
but the object of this proceeding, as I under-
stand, is to enable all these specific proposi-
tions to be submitted to a committee of seven
men and compared with each other, and have
that proposition most favorable to the country
reported to the Senate, so that there mav not
be a dozen different conflicting bills standing
here on the docket of the Senate, one arrayed
against the other, the effect of which will be
to defeat all action whatever on this important
subject.
Now, let the Senate decide the question one
way or the other. If it is to be made a test
