1871*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
rivers in the southwestern part of the State.
We are not asking any appropriation for these
other rivers. We ask that all we are allowed
for that section of country be placed upon the
Washita river, the most important stream of
the three. I hope, therefore, that the House
will see that Arkansas has some small portion
in this bill.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask
ray colleague, in view ot the increase in the
items of the bill made this morning, to reduce
{he appropriation he asks for or to allow me to
offer in lieu of his amendment the following :
At the end of line thirty-seven add: "$25,000 for
(be improvement of Washita river, from the Louis-
iana State line to the turn of Arkadelphia, in the
State of Arkansas, on the said river."
1 have no objection in the world to his
amendment if I thought the House will give
ns the entire amount, but I do not think it
necessary to liave the entire appropriation
made at this time, because the work cannot be
done in twelve months. This amount wili start
us, it seems to me, and then in another Con-
gress we will perhaps get an appropriation of
twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars, which
will complete the appropriation estimated by
engineer in the time for the work to be done.
Now, this is, to my mind, an important
stream. It passes through the district which
1 represent. The trade and commerce upon
this river, I would say, amounts to between
five and ten million dollars annually. It is not
for me to say whether the river can be cleaned
or not. The engineer appointed for the pur-
pose says it can be done at a cost of some sev-
enty or eighty thousand dollars, I hope the
House will give us something for this improve-
ment now, and we will rely upon the gener-
osity of a future Congress to complete the
appropriation.
Mr. BOLES. I accept the amendment
suggested by my colleague.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point of order
on that amendment that there has never been
& survey ordered from the mouth of the Wash-
ita to the Arkansas State line, and there never
has been a survey made of it.
Mr. ROGERS. This is for that portion of
the river within the State of Arkansas.
Mr. BOLES. And the gentleman has the
report in reference to that in his hands now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Seo-
field.) The Chair overrules the point of
order. The House has a right to make an
appropriation if a survey has been made or
not.
Mr. BOLES. A survey has been made.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I call for a vote.
Mr. McKENZIE. I desire to say that I
was desirous to have the appropriation for the
liappahannock river increased from §15,000
to $25,000, but I was restrained from doing
so from the apprehension that any change in
this bill would endanger its passage, in ex-
amining this bill, I find that hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars are given to the States of Wis-
consin, Michigan, Illinois, and other States.
I suppose that those gentlemen have had their
mouths stopped, as 1 have had mine, by what
the committee have given them. I wanted
$25,000 lor the Rappahannock river, and they
gave me $15,000, and stopped my mouth with
that. [Laughter.] But it is hardly enough
to commence the work ; we ought to have had
$25,000 given ns. The Northwest, I think,
takes pretty good care of itself.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 move that all debate be
now closed on the pending paragraph.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Boles, as modified by the
amendment of Mr. Rogers, as follows:
Twenty-five thousand dollars for improvement of
the Washita river, from the Louisiana btnte-line to
the towu of Arkadelphia. in the fatate of Arkansas,
oneaid river.
On agreeing to the amendment, upon a
divkion, there were—ayes 55, noes 80.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BOLES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Boles and
Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 74j> noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For- harbor of refuge. Lake Huron, Michigan,
$100,000.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to strike out the
clause just read, upon this ground : it seems
to me that the House must see that this bill
makes an unfair and an unjust distribution
of the public money. This is the money of all
the States which is appropriated by this bill
to the amount of $4,000,000. And upon an
examination of the bill it will be found that
about one quarter of that whole amount has
been alloted to the States of Wisconsin and
Michigan, two comparatively small States.
Now, it is undoubtedly true that these small
places about the lakes may be improved by the
employment and expenditureof appropriations
of public money; but it is perfectly well known
that we cannot make appropriations for all
these plases that gentlemen may name. _ It
seems to me that it is an unfair and an unjust
distribution of the public money for two or
three of these western States to receive appro-
priations entirely out of proportion to the gross
amount proposed to be appropriated. Here is
one item of $100,000, which 1 move to strike
out, though that will not equalize the appor-
tionment by this bill; still it will leave some-
thing more to be given to other places, where
the appropriation can be made with more
propriety.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am sorry to differ with
my friend from New York, [Mr. Gbiswolb,]
whose argument may be a very good one it
you consider this bill alone. But I beg that
gentleman and this House to remember another
fact, that for long years preceding this time and
this Congress the heavier appropriations have
nearly all been made upon the sea-boardjwfaile
appropriations were not made for the improve-
ment of the western rivers and the lake har-
bors required for the security of life and prop-
erty. Why? Because it had to be distributed
along the" sea board all the way from New
England to the Gulf. Now, when we come
to strike the balance and make the heavier
appropriations for the improvement of rivers
and harbors of the West, X think it is about
time that the western States should receive
some help in this way. We are willing to do
what is right, and make a fair divide. But ^ 1
say it is not right to refer alone to this bill,
and ignore the hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars that have heretofore been appropriated to
the eastern sea-board, to the prejudice of our
western waters.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of Clinton river, Michigan,
1,500. , , .
Mr. MORP HIS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the clause just read "for improve-
ment of Tombigbee river, from Fulton to
Aberdeen, $10,000." Last spring, when the
bill for the improvement of rivers came up
for consideration, 1 asked the Committee on
Commerce  . , . . „. ,
Mr. SAWYER. I raise the point of order
that there has been no report made upon any
survey of this river ; that no survey ot it has
been authorized by law.
Mr. MORPHIS. I can say to the gentle-
man that last spring, when thissameCommittee
on Commerce had charge of a river and harbor
appropriation bill, I asked them for an' appro-
priation of $10,000 for this purpose. I hey told
me that 1 would first have to get a survey of the
Tombigbee river made. I asked for a survey
of that river. The other day I inquired ot
the Engineer Bureau if that survey had been
made. 1 have not the answer here, but the
reply was that they were surveying the river,
but had not yet completed it. Unless this
appropriated be made at this session, so that
the work can go on this summer, it will be of no
benefit to the people. An appropriation next
winter will be too late. There is a large por-
tion of country there which has no way 
Mr. SAWYER. I insist upon my point of
order, that the amendment is not legitimate
upon this bill.
Mr. MORPHIS. I went to the gentleman
some time ago and asked him to consent to
embody this amendment in the bill. I made
a similar application to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations; but both those
gentleman refused their assent. Though the
engineer department has not sent in the sur-
vey which has been made, the people of my
district have petitioned in large numbers in
favor of this improvement, and their petition
has been sent to the Committee on Commerce.
This House has not appropriated one dollar
for the State of Mississippi. The important
rivers in our State have received no attention
from this committee. I hope the House will
agree to vote this appropriation of $10,000.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field.) The Chair understands that, according
to the decision of the Speaker and the general
ruling at this desk hitherto, an appropriation
of this kind, when not recommended by the
Department and not based upon any survey,
is not in order. The Chair, therefore, for the
present at least, will enforce that rule. Should
his ruling be ascertained to be wrong these
amendments can be offered at a later stage.
The Chair therefore sustains the point of
order. .
Mr. CONNER. Will the Chair hear a single
word on that proposition? When a bill similar
to this was under discussion last session the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] proposed
an appropriation for the harbor at Calumet.
A point of order was at that time raised and
insisted upon ; yet the appropriation of"$50.000
for Calumet was voted, although no survey had
been made.
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman is mistaken.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sawyer.]
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Plattsburg harbor, New York,
$15,000.
Mr. REEVES. I'move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause just read "for improve-
ment of Peconic river below the village of
Riverhead, Long Island, $5,000." _ lhe Com-
mittee on Commerce refused to insert this
proposed section in their bill, mainly lor the
reason that the aggregate sura appropriated
for the improvement ot-rivers and harbois had
already exceeded the arbitrary limit marked
out by them, to wit: $4,000,000; and because
they had included in their bill the sum of
$15,000 for the improvement of one harbor
oil Long Island. When I applied to the com-
mittee for an appropriation on account of this
river they had nearly finished the bill, and
consequently had but little time for consider-
ation of the merits of the claim. I could not
apply sooner because, owing to unexpected
and unavoidable delays, the engineer's report
of the survey made pursuant^ to the act or
last July was not printed until a day or two
before the sub-committee held its final ses-
sion. Without this report to lay before them I
should have been denied a hearing altogether,
and properly too, since the time of the com-
mittee was fully occupied with applications m
respect to which reports had been received ;
besides, the rule requiring such a report belore
allowing any expenditure is founded in reason
and necessity, and I believe it is inflexibly
adhered to. It is for this reason that I feel
constrained by a sense of duty to the interests
affected by this amendment to appeaMroni
the subcommittee reporting this hill to tie
Committee of the Whole, and to ask that the
small amount called for by the amendment
