718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anuary 25,
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will allow me, I will make a suggestion
to tbe effect that the resolution be changed so
as to provide that these bills and papers shall
gp to the special committee " unless otherwise
ocdered." That, I think, ought to be satisfac-
tory all around.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
that particular amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be modified as
suggested by the Senator from Oregon.
Mx\ CASSERLY. The question now is, if
"I understand it rightly, whether we shall have
a special joint committee of the Senate and
House, or whether we shall have a special com-
mittee of the Senate to take charge of this
particular subject; in other words, whether
we shall adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa. It seems to me that if there is to
be a change in the organization of the Senate
committees on this point the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa for a Senate special
committee is the only one that ought to suc-
ceed in this body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may
be allowed to suggest to the Senator from Cal-
ifornia that that is now the proposition of the
Senator from Oregon, and he has accepted in
a modified form the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the proposition
I now make. I have abandoned the joint
committee and simply propose to raise a spe-
cial committee of the Senate, so that there is
no question before the Senate as to a joint
committee. That resolution has not been
taken up.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well; I under-
stand, then, which I did not beforeunderstand,
that the Senator from Oregon has accepted the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, and that
now the resolution is for a special committee
of ihe Seriate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is so, though that
is not the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand from
the Chairtliat the resolution for a joint special
committee is not now before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Senator from Oregon apparently has aban-
doned that, and otl'ered a few days since a res-
olution for a Senate committee of seven, to
which all bills oil this subject shall be referred ;
and has accepted in a modified form this
morning the suggestion of the Senator from
Iowa, to make the reference not compulsory,
bat to provide that to this special committee
may be referred all bills on this subject, .unless
otherwise ordered, excepting one bill in regard
to a general code for cables, reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution as mod-
ified.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
urge to the resolution in that shape.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire if the honorable
Semuor irom_ Oregon does not agree to except
the House bill that has been reported back
Irora the Committee on Foreign Relations; I
do not remember the number of the bill ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not feel at liberty
to except any specific proposition to build any
particular telegraph. I have excepted the bill
that is general in its provisions ; but certainly
the bill of the Senator from Iowa, if it is a
meritorious bill, I presume will not be damaged
by a reference to this committee.
Mr. HARLAN. Any bill that has passed
the House and also been acted on by a stand-
ing committee of this body would be damaged
by recommitting it within forty days of tbe
close of the Congress, when all the business
before both bodies will fall. I prefer that that
bill should not be recommitted to any com-
mittee, it having had the scrutiny of one of
♦he standing committees of the Senate, the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY. What bill is it?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember the
number of the bill which was reported back.
Perhaps the honorable chairman will remem-
ber the number.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a bill regulating tele-
graphic communication, already passed the
House—a general bill.
Mr. WILLI A.MS. I have already excepted
the general bill. I do not know the specific
bill to which the Senator from Iowa refers.
Mr. SUMNER. It ought to be on the table
to-day, but I do not find it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have excepted that bill
from the effect of this resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is understood that that
is to be excepted, and not recommitted 
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is specifically excepted
in the resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. CORBEIT. It seems to me that the
very object of this committee is mainly to con-
sider the question of telegraph cables, and I
thiok that the exception1 of any one of these
bills will destroy the whole purpose of the
committee. The Committee on Commerce
have reported a cable bill favorably. I want
that bill to go to the special committee with
all others. There are a number of bills which
have been referred, and as this committee is to
be appointed, let them take the whole subject
under their charge and report such a bill as
they may think best. I do not see the neces-
sity of excepting any particular bill from the
provisions of the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think we are ready to
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution as modified.
Mr. SUMNER. This, I believe, is the 25th
day of January, and this Congress will term-
inate its labors on the 4th day of March. We
have already traversed one full year, and we
are now some way in our second, and at this
late stage it is proposed to institute anew com-
mittee in this Chamber. Now, sir, had this
proposition been brought forward at the begin-
ning of the last session of Congress, or toward
the beginning, I should have regarded it as
entirely reasonable. Should it be brought for-
ward at the beginning of the next Congress it
would be entirely reasonable; but brought for-
ward at this late stage, I hope my honorable
friend will pardon me if I express my opinion
that it is entirely unreasonable. There remain
before us only a few days. What could a new
committee do in those few days? What could
they do that has not already been done by
other committees of thisCharaber? Thecom-
rnitlee which I represent has applied itself
faithfully to the consideration of the various
telegraphic propositions referred to it. I know
that all my colleagues on that committee will
bear witness, not that they would make any
claim for themselves, to the faithful attention
which has been given to the various measures
of this kind referred to the committee. One
of those measures was general in its character.
It was before the committee, I think, for more
than two years, until at last it was matured
and reported to the Senate, and then cotem-
poraneously taken up in the House and acted
upon there, and it has now arrived at the Sen-
ate, has been considered again in the commit-
tee, and only two days ago was reported back
by me to the Senate.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will please pause at this point.
The morning hour has expired, and the bill
(S. No. 298) to relieve members of Congress
from importunity, &c., is before the Senate,
and upon it the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schurz] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to take a
vote, if the Senator has ho objection, on this
resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I have something more to
say upon it.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER 01? EDUCATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following resolution from the House
of Representatives ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring.) That there be printed of therepoi tof
the Commissioner of Education for the year 1870
twenty thousand extra copies,- of which eight thou-
sand shall be for the use of the department of edu-
cation. eight thousand for the use of the House, and
four thousand for the uso of the Senate.
CltKDBNTIAf.S. .
Mr. SUMNER presented the credentials of
Hon. Henry Wilson, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Massachusetts a Senator from
that State for the term commencing March 4,
1871 ; which were read, and ordered to be
placed on file.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed, in the nature of a
substitute, to the bill (S. No. 1077) to amend an
act to reduce taxes, and for other purposes,
passed July 14, 1870; the bill (S. No. 1080)
for the repeal of all laws for the collection ot
an income tax, or any tax in that nature ; and
the bill (S. No. 1083) to repeal so mueh of the
act approved July 14, 1870, entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," as continues the income tax after the
31st day of December, A. D. 1809 ; which was
ordered to be printed.
SOLDIERS Of THE WAIl OF 1812.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask the Senator from
Missouri if he will not give way for a few
moments, that we may see if we cannot pass
the bill granting pensions to the soldiers of
the war of 1812, which was assigned for this
day. I think it can be passed without debate.
I think that those who are in favor of the bill
at least will forego the occasion to debate it
or to offer amendments, and that we can put
it through immediately. I shall be very glad
if we can do so.
Mr. SCHURZ I will yield for that purpose.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri yields to allow the unfinished busi-
ness to be informally passed over, subject to a
demand for the regular order, that the Senate
may consider the special order set for this day.
If it gives rise to debate, the Senator from
Missouri or any other Senator can demand the
regular order, and the Senate will then resume
the consideration of the unfinished business.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to state that I had
intended to speak on this bill ; but if we can
pass it without debate I shall be very glad
of it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot' the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (EI. R. No. 1829) granting pen-
sions to certain soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill ia
reported without amendment from the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWELL. I will state that the com-
mittee reported the bill without amendment
for the reason that they feared amendments
would embarrass, delay, and possibly defeat
the bill. If it goes back to the House with
amendments it will be discussed there, and
probably defeated. Therefore, we thought it
proper to pass the bill now without amend-
ment, to get the thing 011 foot properly, and
hereafter such amendments can be made to
the law as may be deemed judicious and
proper.
Mr. McCREER\. My colleague has pre
pared an amendment which he intended sub
mitting to this bill. He is now in the Supreme
Court, and in his behalf I submit the amend-
ment which he intended to offer. The amend-
ment strikes out the pauper clause, and give?
pensions to all persons engaged in the war of
1812, without putting them to the humiliation
of establishing their own pauperism. My col-
league would have supported this proposition
