1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WAS
onr waters. And I earnestly hope that when
f ask for the only river on Long Island asmall
gum to render it navigable as far as to the
natural center of a county having fifty thousand
inhabitants and over four hundred thousand
acres of land, all of which may and in time
will be made tributary to the sustenance of
mankind, I shall not be shut off upon tech-
nicalities nor be denied my just and fair and
moderate request. I trust the amendment
which I have offered may be.adopted.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask a vote.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 34, noes 96.
Mr. REEVES. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bor the preservation of the Falls of St. Anthony,
and the navigation of the Mississippi river above the
same, $50,000.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to amend
by striking out the paragraph just read. I can-
not understand what the preservation of the
Falls of St. Anthony has to do with a river and
harbqr bill. As I understand, there is at those
falls a very important water-power owned by
gpme wealthy gentlemen who run various fac-
tories. There is some danger of those falls
washing away, and-thereby destroying this
water-power, which is becoming less valuable
from year to year. I suppose, however, it is
perfectly legitimate to provide in this bill for
preserving a water-power for these gentlemen
in Minnesota.
I know there is some pretense about making
backwater navigation there; but I would like
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson]
to tell me what sized boats now pass above the
Palls of St. Anthony, and whether if the falls
should wash away the same amount of water
that now runs in the channel would not con-
tinue to run. At all events, I should like to
know why the Governmentof the United States
should take money from the Treasury to pre-
serve a water-power. Besides, the falls are an
obstruction to navigation ; if they were out of
the way boats could run up and down the river
without impediment, and thus there might be
established there a great thoroughfare. They
could continue the rafting of logs, for I believe
that is the principal navigation above the Falls
of St. Anthony. They could continue the
rafting all the way down. The appropriation
should be to remove the obstructions in the
river from St. Anthony down, so that the
people who live upon the tributaries of that
river mav have the benefit of the navigation
above the Falls of St. Anthony as well as below
them ; so that our boats may go up there, and
the rafts from above may be allowed to come
down. Let usclear the river of all obstructions
by all means.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I will tell" the gentleman from Illinois the
circumstances which make this appropriation
proper. His only objection seems to be that
some of the water at the falls is used for the
purpose of running machinery. Suppose there
were no manufactories there, the question of
navigation alone would make this a proper ap-
propriation. Shall the factthatsomebody lives
there, that there are a large number of peo-
ple to be benefited, be urged as an objection?
These falls act as a natural dam to the water
ijbove. Let them wash out, and wash out they
will unless by this appropriation we continue
the present work, and then we will have a
series of rapids some fifteen miles long. Boats
could not then approach nearer than that dis-
tance to Minneapolis and St. Anthony from
the river above. We must look ultimately to
the continuous navigation of the great Missis-
sippi by a lock over these falls. They are the
natural dams, which the United States must
some time supply the place ot with an artificial
one if the opportunity ot their preservation is
lost. |f Uwj were washed away the navigation
of the river would be utterly ruined for a long
distance above. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. F-MISSWorth] says let thein go, and
then boats can run where they now are. If
there is any system of naval engineering by
which boats can be run so much up hill, the
secret remains profoundly Locked in.his heart.
He should make public his discovery, and ob-
viate the necessity for all future expenditures
for locks and dams. The idea of slack- water
navigation seems never to have entered his
head.
Mr. KELLOGG. How high are those falls ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, Some thirty
feet, they, with the immediately connecting
rapids, making a total fall of some sixty feet
in a mile.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Minnesota what has become of the
land we appropriated ayearor two ago for the
purpose of preserving these falls? If I recol-
lect aright, the members from Minnesota got
through a bill donating some two or three hun-
dred thousand acres of the public land for this
purpose. What has been done with that land?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The gentle-
man is mistaken, as that bill did not pass, and
did not become a law. There never has been
an acre of land appfopriated for this pur-
pose. Last year $50,000 was appropriated
for it and that amount has been all expended.
The cities of Minneapolis and St. Anthony
have expended two dollars for one which has
been expended by the Government. The re-
port of the engineer recommended the appro-
priation of $100,000. Fifty thousand dollars
have been placed in this bill by the committee.
The engineers estimate that if these falls
should wash out, in order to keep the river as
it was for the purposes of navigation would
require $1,000,000. The mere fact that Min-
neapolis and St. Anthony are interested, and
that individuals who own mills there will be
helped by this improvement, is but an addi-
tional reason why this appropriation should be
made. This improvement would be equally
necessary as a matter of precaution, if there
were no mills and no cities there. It is neces-
sary for the navigation of the river above those
falls, which must, sooner or later, be of much
importance.
Mr. WELKER. Let me ask the ge.ntleman
a question. If we make this appropriation,
wilt he agree to abandon the bill asking for a
grant of lands for this purpose?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. We have
abandoned it long ago.
Mr. WELKER. You do not ask for it now,
then?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. A bill for that
purpose was introduced .at the commencement
of this Congress. I introduced it with much
reluctance, and only because I was told by
more experienced members that 1 could not
get a money appropriation. When I began to
feel easy in my'seat I thought a money appro-
priation could be carried for so meritorious
and important a work, and very gladly aban-
doned the land project. It was never even
broughtbeforetheCommitteeonPublic Lands.
The bill lies in my drawer in the committee-
room, of no more danger than so much waste
paper. If the gentleman has any fears of my
passing it this session, he must have exalted
ideas of my prowess as a legislator. No, sir ;
the land is preserved tor homestead settlers,
and the United States has done itself honor
in engaging in the preservation of the Old halls
of St. Anthony.
Mr. LYNCH. Have not these falls become
in danger of being washed away because of
some action taken by the owners of the water-
power there? Did they not attempt to tunnel
under the point where it was, and has that not
endangered the whole water-power?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is true.
They acted very improperly and are now sued
for damages in a large amount by those whose
property they have injured. But the necessity
of the work is none the less on account of the
greater danger. But this appropriation is
specially desired for a different part of the falls
from where this tunnel comes out.
The water rolls over the hard limestone
crest of the falls and by the undertow washes
out the softer sandstone below, so that the top
rock falls in the abyss, and the recession goes
on. This appropriation is for the purpose of
building an apron from the edge of the falls, at
an angle of some thirty degrees, by which the
water will be. carried so far down as to prevent
this underwash. Since I have been there this
breaking away has moved the falls up the
river two or three hundred feet. Let this be
done for five hundred feet more—and the pro-
cess is now more rapid, because the top rock
is growing thinner—and a point will be reached
where it runs out altogether. The soft sand-
stone will then form no protection, but will be
washed away in a single freshet. This is the
condition of affairs calling urgently for govern-
mental assistance. That private enterprise is
assisting in the work on account of private
interest only saves the United States so much
money. The aggregation of interest at that
important point only makes tffe claim more
strong. The gentleman from Illiuois [Mr.
Farnsworth] seems to act upon the principle
that no appropriation should be made where
it will do any person any good. He does not
appreciate the fact that public and private
interests often harmonize.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
Illinois moved an amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not; but I
will move to strike out this appropriation.
It. T. KlRKPATRICIt.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the claim of R. T. Kirkpatrick.
bivku and iiarbor appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the paragraph. As I understand the gentleman
from Miunesota [Mr. Wilson] there is a fall
at this point of about a mile in length.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The fall is
not of that length, I said the rapids extended
for about a mile. The fall there is about thirty
feet in height.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
this appropriation is to be used to prevent
the undermining of this fall. Now, will any
gentleman show me how the use of the money
of the Government to prevent the undermining
of the rock is going to improve tbe naviga-
tion, and how it is going to improve the navi-
gation either above or below the fall ? As I
understand, the water falls down below thy fall
and then works up. Perhaps, in the course of a
hundred years it might work up two or three
miles ; and, although still it would be a fall and
a rapid, it would spoil, 1 presume, the water-
power at that point. But 1 ask the House, are
we making appropriations for water-works ?
That is the milk in the cocoanut.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have said all I
desire to say, and yield the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I wish to ex-
plain why there is a special necessity for this
appropriation now. The gentleman Irotn Illi-
nois [Mr! Farnsworth] does not understand
the nature of the bedot the river at thai point.
It is hard limestone rock 
The SPEAKER pro tempore Did the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Far-VSWOrtii] with-
draw the amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not, I gave
way to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wilkinson.] .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has recognized the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger.J .
Mr. CONGER, At '-h0 Jast session oi ton-
