1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
in a speech. But as there seems to be a desire
to put the measure on its passage I will say
no more, but merely offer the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment which .
was in section one, lines nine, ten, and eleven,
to strike out the words " and who are in cir-
cumstances which renderthem dependent upon
their own labor, or who are dependent upon
others for support."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky includes several
amendments of thi3 character; but this is the
first, amendment.
Mr. BO RE MAN. I had intended to offer
an amendment to strike out the word "con-
secutively." The phraseology of the bill is
that pensions shall be given to all those who
served for ninety days consecutively. I am in
favor of the bill, and I do not wish to embar-
rass its passage; but I think it is in no danger.
I think the bill can be amended so as to do
justice to all, and if we do amend it in slight
particulars I apprehend there will be no dan-
ger of its not passing, the House. It seems to
me to be doing great injustice to those who
have served ninety days to say that they shall
not have any pensions unless they did the
service consecutively. At the proper time I
shall move to strike out the word "consecu-
tively."
TheVICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be reserved until the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky is acted upon.
Mr. MOIITON. 1 intended to1 offer an
amendment similar to that which has been
offered by the Senator from Kentucky, to
strike out"all after tho word "discharged" in
the ninth line of the first section down to and
including the word "support" in the eleventh
line, in the following words:
And who are in circumstances which render them
dependent upon their own labor, or who are depend-
ent upon others for support.
If the phrase "those who are in circum-
stances which render them dependent upon
their own labor" is given a broad construc-
tion, it may be so construed as to admit all,
and therefore be virtually a nullity; but if it
should receive the true construction, it would
apply to those who have no property, and who
are dependent upon their labor for support.
These men, on an average, are seventy-five
years old; and a man seventy-five years old,
and who is dependent upon bis own labor,
must necessarily be indigent. His own labor
cannot support him. There are but few of
these men; they are fast passing away; and I
would not make this odious discrimination.
Let this pension be given to all, or be given
to all who have rendered the service; bat do
not require a man to go into court, or before
a pension agent, or somewhere else, and prove
that he is virtually a pauper.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, I think it
is already apparent to the minds of Senators
that discussion will arise upon these amend-
ments, not only here in the Sefiate but in the
House of Representatives ; that there is a dif-
ference of opinion not only in regard to the
amendment that has been offered but in re-
gard to half a dozen others of equal signifi-
cance. This bill, as it stands, has been agreed
upon by the friends of the measure in the
House. It has come to the Senate and been
agreed upon by the. friends of the measure in
the Pension Committee here; and, aslunder-
stand, those who are desirous of having this
bill passed are willing to take it as it fs tor the
present and have amendments made to thelaw
at the next session, rather than risk its pas-
sage now ; and I say here that I conceive it to
be a very great risk to let this bill be amended
and hang here for a week or two and then go
back to the House with the attempt to bring it
up and to discuss it there. .
A similar bill to this has been twice, I think,
before the Congress of the United States, and
twice before it has been defeated, simply by
amendments and discussion and the lack of
time at the end of the session to perfect the
bill and to get it through. I know that that
was the case two years ago, in the last Con-
gress. The 'bill came up here in a thin Senate
ar.d was defeated by one vote, but little more
than a quorum being present, at the very close
of the session. And so, from time to time, this
measure has been crowded off and has been
defeated by its friends oftener than by its ene-
mies. In my judgment, it cannot go through
Congress at the present session unless its friends
in the Senate will agree to stand by it now and
to pass it as it is. If discussion is to be had
upon it, if speeches are to be made, we shall
probably all engage in the grateful task of
commending to the gratitude of the country
those men who sacrificed their health and
risked their lives in the service of the country,
who are now old and decrepit and looking to
the gratitude and justice of their country for
some recognition of those services which saved
our Constitution and our Union and our lib-
erties in the earlier day3 of the Republic.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Iowa what is the number of
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812?
Mr. HOWELL. I cannot state the number ;
but the impression made on my mind by such
investigation as I have made in the subject is
that for the present, at the start, these pensions
will not much exceed half a million dollars
a year, and, as these soldiers are now, on an
average, about seventy five years old, or more
than that, this amount will be rapidly dimin-
ished in the course of nature; and therefore
it is no object pecuniarily to contest this bill
for a moment. •*
- Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator from Dela-
ware yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I wish to an-
swer the inquiry which was addressed by the
Senator from Minnesota to the Senator from
Iowa in relation to the probable number of
survivors of the war of 1S12. This subject was
before the Senate two years ago and was pretty
extensively debated at that time. There were
conflicting opinions, to be sure, as to the num-
ber of these survivors; but certain data were
furnished by Senators, upon which I think we
can arrive at a reasonably correct conclusion.
For example, the then Senator from West
Virginia, Mr. Van Winkle, who was at that
time chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions, stated a very significant fact as within
his knowledge, and I now read from the Globe
of that session.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to say at this stage
of the proceedings that it seems this bill will
occasion considerable discussion. Yesterday
I was appealed to by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] to yield to him to bring
up the income-tax bill, and I agreed to do so.
He appealed to me again this morning, and I
agreed to the same thing. Now, I do not think
it fair that that bill should be crowded out by
another, which will lead to such extended dis-
cussion as this seems to do. I would there-
fore call for the regular order. I understand
also that a number of amendments are being
prepared, which will make it impossible for
this bill to pass within an hour or two.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator allow me
to conclude the few remarks I wish to make?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. After the remarks
of the Senator from Indiana, the Senator from
Missouri demands the regular order. The
Senator from Indiana will proceed with his
remarks. .
Mr. PRATT. Mr. Van Winkle, m discuss-
ing this very question, said:
"I have in my hand a list of the company that
went from this District. The whole number was five
hundred and fifteen, and there are but nineteen sur-
viving to-day, which boars out my calculation.
His calculation, I may state, was that the
whole number of survivors two years ago did
not exceed six thousand. I have also here a
statement made by the senior Senator from
Kentucky, who 4s not now in his seat, [Mr.
Davis.] He was also discussing this question
as to the number of survivors. He says:
"I o.m satisfied, like my friend, the chairman of
the Cammitteeon Pensions, that the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio greatly overestimates tho number
of surviving soldiers of tho war of 1812. Iu my
county there were some ten or twelve hundred sol-
diers who went into that war in the different cam-
paigns, and there are but five or six survivors. I
believe that is about the proportion of all who aro
now living of the soldiers of the war of 1812. There
were no soldiers who rendered more important ser-
vices to the country," &c.
I have a memorial here, which has been laid
this morning on the desks of Senators, from a
committee on behalf of an organization of the
soldiers of the war of 1812 in the city of New
York and vicinity ; and this memorial states
as follows:
"We will merely state to your honor"—
This is addressed to each Senator—
" that our organization in 1850 consisted of five hun-
dred men, and at this time we cannot muster on
parade days (July 4. November 25. and February
22) over twenty-five men from this city and adja-
cent counties. Their ages vary from seventy-five
to ninety-five, the youngest a druuimer-boy now
seventy-two years old."
According to this statement there are now
alive only five per cent, of the number of sol-
diers who belonged to this association in the
year 1850, twenty-one years ago. Ninety-five
per cent, have died. According to the esti-
mates of the Senator from West Virginia two
years ago, based upon the number that left
this District and the number that are now sur-
viving, there will be less than four per cent.;
and according to the estimate of the Senator
from Kentucky less than one per cent. These
estimates that 1 have read from were made two
years ago. At that time the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions stated that the aver-
age expectation of life of these old soldiers
was six years. If that was true two years ago
the average expectation of their lives now is
only four years. If there were only six thou-
sand survivors two years ago there are only
four thousand now. If two years ago the
average age of these old soldiers was seventy -
four years, it is seventy six now.
I know that there is considerable conflict of
opinion in relation to the number of those who
survive; but I have thought it proper to fur-
nish to the Senate these data, upon which every
one can draw his own conclusions. This is all
that I wish to say on that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware will be entitled to the floor when the
bill is resumed; but the Senator from Missouri
demands the regular order.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri to permit me to make a motion to take
up the bill for the repeal of the income tax,
and to make a brief statement why I renew the
motion this morning.
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania directly. The Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] appeals to me to
be permitted to offer an amendment to this bill
to be read for information.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I do
not know that real patriotism consists in the
particular length of lime for which one serves
his country. If he has served his country
whenever called upon he is as patriotic and—
I know no word more abhorrent, because it is
a word which has no application to a repub-
lican form of government—equally loyal, if
that be baptized as an honored word in this
Chamber, as any other man in the land. _ Sir.
as this bill stands, there is not an individual
in my State who is interested in it; but with the
amendment that I propose there are a number
of old men, whose heads have whitened for the
grave, and who for years have been joining
with others in asking for pensions because of
their services, who will be included. The
amendment which I intend to offer, and which
I do offer, is to strike out the words "conseo-
