112
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-EESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February li,
Ho. or Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Buck.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
and Samuel P. Rice, late chief justice of the
supreme court of the State, to examine the
question and advise the course proper to be
taken. The constitution of the State declares
that—
" Contested elections for executive officers shall be
determined by both houses of the General Assembly
in such manner as shall be prescribed by law."
This has been the language of the constitu-
tion since 1819, yet by some oversight the
Legislature has never "prescribed the man-
ner" in which it should be done. There was
but one of two alternatives for the Governor
in this state of the case. He must give up the
office to which he had been legally reelected
and the cause of education and internal im-
provements, both of which are peculiarly
Republican principles in our State, or he must
resort to the courts of the land for relief.
After a very careful examination of the legal
questions involved, it was determined to file a
bill in the chancery court for Montgomery
county, fully stating all the foregoirig facts and
many others which cannot be now mentioned,
showing that he was not only entitled to the
office by a majority of more than one thou-
sand votes, if the votes actually given were
counted, but that, by means of force, fraud,
and violence, the Republican party had been
deprived of many thousand votes which their
candidates otherwise would have received.
The bill was filed accordingly. It contained
a prayer for an injunction restraining the pre-
siding officer of the Senate, (Hon. 11. N. Barr,)
whose duty it was to " open and publish" the
vote for Governor during the first week of the
session, in the presence of a majority of the
memberfi of the General Assembly, from per-
forming that duty until the General Assembly,
then in session, could "prescribe the manner "
for making the contest as provided in the con-
stitution ; and in ease the General Assembly
should refuse to "prescribe the manner"
then that the court of chancery should take
jurisdiction of the case. In the absence of
the chancellor the bill was presented to the
Hon. Benjamin F. Saffold, one of the judges
of the supreme court of the State, who granted
the injunction which was duly issued and
served on the presiding office?of the senate.
On the day required by law that officer, in
the presence of the two houses of the General
Assembly, in joint convention in the hall of
the house of representatives, proceeded to open
and publish the vote for other executive State
officers; but as he had been enjoined from
opening and publishing the vote for Governor,
(and also for the office of treasurer, on a bill
filed by that officer,) he read to the convention
a copy of the injunction in each case which
had been served on him; and in obedience to
them announced to the convention that he
should not open and publish the vote for each
of those offices, and he did not. After this wag
done the senate retired immediately to the sen-
ate chamber in a body, and then adjourned
until the following Monday morning(this being
Saturday) at the usual hour, and the journal
of the senate will show these facts. The speaker
of the house then assumed to be the presiding
officer of a joint convention of the two houses,
not a senator being present. In a few minutes
the Lieutenant Governor-elect, having taken
the oath of office before a circuit judge who
was present for the purpose, but after the sen-
ate had adjourned and not in the presence of
that body, collectively or individually, except
one or two, came into the hall of the house and
assumed to be the presiding officer of the sen-
ate, and therefore the presiding officer of that
convention, upon which a large majority of the
Republican members of the house retired.
A secretary was appointed, and the returns
of the election for Governor and treasurer were
sent for, they having been returned uncounted
to the secretary of State for safe-keeping by
Hon. Mr. Barr. These returns were produced
and the aforesaid Lieutenant Governor-elect,
claiming to be the presiding officer of the sen-
ate, proceeded to open and publish the vote
for these two officers in the presence of the
house of representatives only—two senators
only having returned to the hall after the
adjournment of the senate—and then and there
declared Mr. Lindsey duly elected by a majority
of one thousand four hundred and twenty-nine
votes.
This high-handed proceeding, of which I was
an eye-witness, was in violation of the consti-
tution and laws of Alabama in several partic-
ulars :
1. It was a violation of the law and fact for
the speaker to assume to preside over a joint
convention of the two houses when only one
house was present.
2. The constitution requires the vote for
Governor to be opened and published by the
presiding officer of the senate, in the presence
of a majority of the members of the General
Assembly. The senate was not present.
3. The law of the State requires the Gov-
ernor to take the oath of office in the presence
of both houses. The oath was administered in
the presence of the house alone.
4. The Lieutenant Governor-elect was not
sworn into office in the presence of the senate,
over which he was to preside; and unless that
body caused him to take the oath of office at
some subsequent period when it was in ses-
sion, and caused that fact to be entered on
its journal, there is no legal evidence that he
ever took the oath of office at all.
5. At the time the Lieutenant Governor-
elect returned to the house and assumed to
preside over a convention of the two houses,
when only one was present, as the Lieutenant
Governor of Alabama, and therefore the pre-
siding officer of the senate, the journal of the
senate shows that body had adjourned and
that Hon. Mr. Barr was the presiding officer ;
and the house of representatives had no power
to decide that another person was the presid-
ing officer of the senate.
6. The house of representatives, in order to
sustain this proceeding, have caused their jour-
nal to show, as I am informed, that the senate
was present when the vote for Mr. Lindsey was
opened and published, in the manner already
stated, and when he took the oath of office as
Governor.
7. The whole proceeding, so far as opening
and publishing the vote for Governor and
treasurer was concerned, was in violation and
in contempt of the injunction which had been
granted by one of the supreme judges, and duly
served, and, I may add, obeyed, so far as the
Republican party were concerned.
While these uulawful and revolutionary pro-
ceedings were in progress the capitol and the
streets of the city were thronged with armed
and excited men. Threats were made on the
street, and communicated to Governor Smith,
that he would be kicked out of the executive
chamber and assassinated. Fie believed that
he was legally elected ; he had appealed to the
courts to assert his right to the office, as every
citizen of the State may do when reelected to
an office which he already holds, and he was
unwilling to abandon the office and the asser-
tion of his right to it by legal and peaceable
means. Neither was he willing to be assaulted
and thrust out, and, perhaps, killed. To pre-
vent this United States soldiers were called
to the capital but not to hold the office by
force, as has been charged, but for the sole
purpose of repelling force if an attack should
be made. The Governor had already appealed
to the law; and he never did resort to anything
else for the purpose of asserting his right to the
office. He only called on the sheriff of Mont-
gomery county, who was present, to protect
him and the State capitol by means of the
United States soldiers, as a portion of his posse
from a scene of riot and bloodshed, which he
had great reason to think imminent. That the
presence of the sheriff and the soldiers at the
capitol that evening prevented a riot, the con-
sequences of which no one could foretell, is at
least probable.
Before the proceedings in the house of rep-
resentatives terminated which I have described
night came on, and when the house adjourned
the members and the crowd left the State-
house. A few minutes later Colonel Drum,
with four soldiers, reported to the sheriff of
Montgomery county, who was at the door of
the executive rooms in the capitol. In less
than fifteen minutes from that time a messen-
ger informed Governor Smith that Colonel J.
J. Jolly was at the door, and would like an
interview, to which the Governor replied he
would receive any communication he had to
make in writing. He sent a communication
in writing from Mr. Lindsey, stating that he
had duly qualified and was ready to enter upon
the duties of his office, and that he had author-
ized Colonel Jolly to demand for him, and in
his name take possession of the executive
rooms and the books and papers of the office.
The Governor at once penned a reply and
sent it out; but Jolly had gone.
Now, sir, who is this man Jolly, and why
did he not wait for the Governor's reply? By
many he is supposed to be the head of the
KuUlux organization in the fourth congres-
sional district. He had come to the capitol,
it is said, in company with armed men, to make
the demand of Governor Smith, and if it was
refused, to take possession by force; but when
he found the sheriff of the county, supported
by an officer of the United States Army and
four soldiers, it is probable he and his com-
pany thought " discretion the better part of
valor;" and therefore he returned and reported
that "troops were in possession of the capi-
tol." The guard was soon after increased to
about a dozen men, acting all the time under
the command of a commissioned officer and
as a part of the sheriff'sposse. In a few days
there appeared to be less excitement, and the
troops were withdrawn.
Governor Smith still refused to surrender
the offi«e to Mr. Lindsey, the senate recog-
nizing Smith, and the house Lindsey, as Gov-
ernor ; and this condition of affairs continued
five or six days. Meanwhile, the Democratic
press teemed with the most violent abuse of
Governor Smith and his counsel, as also the
judge who had granted the injunction, and
the presiding officer of the senate, who had
obeyed it. They .were denounced as plotters
against the peace of the State, and threats
against the life of the Governor were con-
tinued. He was admonished "that one foot
was in the grave and the other soon would be
if he continued to persist in his course, " and
unless he yielded to their demafid for the sur-
render of the office, before appealing to the
law and the courts to protect him in his right
to it, he was to live no longer. Their object
was to force the Governor to surrender the
office without an investigation of the conduct
of the Democracy in the election.
Sir, the same spirit seems to have governed
those men in Alabama which seems to animate
some men in high official positior. here—oppo-
sition to the investigation of crime, lest the
result might be injurious to the Democratic
party! If this was not the reason which
influenced them, why their excitement; why
the denunciation of any investigation ; and
why do their party friends here, both in the
Senate and House, oppose every effort which
the Republican party is making to ascertain
the truth of these charges ? There is but one
answer to this : they are, here us well as there,
afraid of the consequences.
Governor Smith had stated in his bill specific
