720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
utively three months in the war." The hon-
orable Senator from West Virginia has moved
to strike oat the word "consecutively." My
amendmentgoes further, and proposestostrike
out all reference to time. If they were en-
gaged in .the service of their country, if when
called upon they met a foreign foe and upheld
the flag of their country against a foreign
enemy, if in less than three months they drove
the British from the State, they deserve the
kind recognition of their country just as much
as if they had lingered it out for three years on
the late improved plan. It did not take them
three months to do that.
I will not detain the Senate longer ; but I
now offer my amendment, to strike out all
reference to time, so as to give pensions
to all those who served their-country during
that war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reserved until it shall be in order.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not rise for the purpose
of repeating the reasons which I urged yester-
day why the income tax bill should be disposed
of; but upon inquiring of the Senator from Mis-
souri he informs me that it is his intention to
offer a substitute for the pending bill relating
to importunity for office. If that substitutebe
offered, it is entirely apparent, from the range
of debate to which the original bill has already
given rise, that it cannot be disposed of for a
number of days ; and therefore I hope if the
motion that 1 make with the consent of the
Senator from Missouri shall prevail that .there
will be no objection to taking up the pending
measure as soon as the bill for the repeal of
the income tax is disposed of. With that
understanding, with the consent of the Senator
from Missouri, I move that the bill to repeal
the sections of law in the act of 1870 imposing
the income tax be now taken up.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I declared my readiness
yesterday to agree to that, provided the pend-
ing bill can be taken up by unanimous consent
as soon as the income tax bill is disposed of;
and I repeat that declaration now. If we can
come to such an arrangement I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Pass over the pending bill
informally.
Sir. SCtlURZ. Yes, sir; let it be passed
over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri yields to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who asks consent that the unfinished
business be passed over informally for the
purpose of_ considering the special order,
being the bill repealing the income tax. Is
there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 object to laying the
present bill aside.
Mr. SCHURZ. It is not to be put aside.
It is to be passed over informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to that,
if it is only to delay it two are three minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it understood that
when the bill to repeal the income tax is taken
up no understanding shall be made to limit
the debate on the subject in any way. I have
no doubt it will give rise to considerable
debate.
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. Whenever a bill
is informally passed over it can be resumed
011 a demand for the regular order if the new
subject gives rise to debate.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would inform the Senator
from Ohio that I do not propose to limit the
debate in any way, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. JOHNSTON. . I do not exactly under-
stand the position of the question. I desire,
when the bill for the repeal of the income tax
comes up, to make some remarks on the sub-
stitute which I have offered.
Mr. SCHURZ. There will be no objection
to that.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I was going to say that
I preferred offering that substitute to-morrow,
with the leave of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not hear the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I say I have offered a
substitute to the three bills which have been
introduced for the repeal of the income tax,
upon which I desire to submit some remarks ;
and, if agreeable to the Senator, I prefer to
offer my substitute to-morrow.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no doubt the Senator
from Virginia will have an opportunity of mak-
ing his remarks on his substitute either to-day
or to-morrow. It will not interfere with his
remarks at all if we take up the subject now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania? The Chair hears none, and
the bill repealing the income tax is before the
Senate.
MESSAGE BKOM TIIE HOUSE.
A. message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. Ii. No. 2689) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 2700) for the relief of
William W. Speirs, late assistant surgeon
United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 2865) to provide for the
sale of the United States military reservations
of Port Kearney and Rush Valley; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 447) to extend
the benefit of the act establishing the National
Asylum" for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to
the disabled soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812 and the Mexican war.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following joint resolutions of
the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 10) directing
the Secretary of War to sell Bergen Heights
arsenal; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 246) granting
the right of way to the Pensacola and Bar-
rancas Railroad Company through the naval
and military reservations near Pensacola,
Florida.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) declaratory
of the meaning of the act entitled "Ah act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14,1870; and it was thereupon
signed by the Vice President.
INCOME TAX.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1083)
to repeal so much of the act approved July
14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes/'' as continues
the income tax after the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1869.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, in order that
we may have a clear understanding of the
question which is presented by this bill, I wish
to state briefly the present position of the in-
come tax. The tax for the year ending De-
cember 01, 1869, was levied on the 1st of
March, 1870, and paid during the month of
April, 1870, and was to be levied and paid,
under the terms of the actiinposing it, up until
that time, ,land no longer.'' By the act of
July 14, 1870, from sections six to sixteen, in-
clusive, the act is reenaeted for the years 1870
and 1871, at two and a half per cent., repeating
the promise of the first enactment, that it shall
be imposed, levied, andcollected "nnlonger"
than during those two years.
The seventeenth section of the act of July
14, 1870, exempted dividends and interest paid
by corporations after the 1st of August, 1870,
and continued in force such parts of the former
law as were necessary to enforce the collection
of taxes and penalties then due but unpaid.
The fifteenth and sixteenth sections reim-
posed a tax at two and a half per cent, on
dividends and coupons for 1871, the five per
pent, paid up to August 1, 1870, being con-
sidered as equivalent to two and a half per cent,
for the whole year; and that, as I understood
at the time the bill was passed, was the reason
of the conference committee for exempting
those dividends and interest from income tax
for the remainder of the year. The pending
bill proposes to repeal all that part of the act
of 15th July, 1870, which reenaeted the tax at
two and a half per cent.
But a few weeks now intervene until the tax
will be assessed. There have been such loud
and frequent complaints against this tax, there
have been so many demands for its repeal, that
decisive action should be taken now.
I addressed the Senate during the last ses-
sion on this question at somewhat greater
length than is my habit; and I do not pro-
pose now any repetition of what I then said,
nor even any extended summary of the remarks
I then made. I contended then, and I believe
now, that the tax is unjust, unequal, inquisi-
torial, and unconstitutional; but I shall con-
fine myself now to showing briefly that what
was unequal and unjust under the former law
is more glaring in its inequality and injustice
under the present, that it is unnecessary, and
that true policy calls for its repeal.
The two points, then, which I wish to make
in the very brief address that I propose to
submit to the Senate on this subject this morn-
ing are, that this tax is unjust and that it is
unnecessary.
First, as to its injustice. Under the former
law an inequality existed, which the chair-
man of the Finance Committee himself ad-
mitted ought to be remedied, but which the
Senate, when brought fairly to vote upon a
proposal to remedy it, refused to redress, and
which now remains an aggravating injustice,
double in its departure from the measure of
right. That inequality was this, and it is one
so glaring that I cannot refrain from again
adverting to it. The law professed to exempt
all incomes under $1,000 from taxation, but
left all that large class of persons, widows and
orphans, who had their whole annual incomes
derived from corporate dividends and interest
subject to the tax. They were kept out of
sight. Their scanty store was diminished by
the inexorable order of the Government, com-
pelling the officers of the corporation to deduct
five per cent, from every dividend and coupon,
whether the recipient had $o or $5,000 of in-
come. Thus one class, and that the least able
to bear it, with incomes under $1,000, paid
income tax, while all other classes, having
incomes under $1,000, were exempt. Now,
how have we remedied that? By increasing
the exemption to $2,000, and reducing the tax
to two and one half per cent., but still taxing
the widow and the orphan the two and one half
per cent, upon all beneath $2,000. Thus you
impose two and one half percent, upon one
class of incomes under $2,000, and all other
classes go free.
But it does not stop there. The persons
who have $2,000 income, as a general rule,
have it made up from various sources and have
to make a return of the sources from which
it is derived. In making this return they
bring in these dividends and interests received
from corporations, add them with their other
receipts, and then the Government gives them
credit for the taxes paid on them and deducts
their amount from the aggregate. What is the
practical result? The rich man has refunded
to him by the Government the tax paid upon
corporate dividends and interest, while the
widow or family of orphans who have paid the
same tax upon a pittance of fifty or five hun-
dred dollars have no means of being relieved
from it or having it returned. What a spec-
tacle for a great, magnanimous, and just Gov-
ernment, making classes of rich and poor,
and exacting a tax from the rich man at one
