1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
gress a delegation from St. Paul, including the
Governor of Minnesota, and many citizens of
that place, came before our committee with
the report of the engineers who had examined
these works, and satisfied the committee that
unless some aid was given' by Congress to the
authorities and people there to stop the wear-
ing away of this bed of limestone rock, which
is ihe only protection, as it overlies a bed- of
soft sandstone, the falls, forty, fifty, or sixty
feet in height, would be undermined, and the
river would wash away the channel for ten,
fifteen, or twenty miles above.'
Now, I understand that above these falls
there is an extent of navigable water of this
river extending one hundred and eighty miles
before it washes over any other ledge of
rocks. If the falls pass away the water-power
used by the gentlemen who have mills there
is riot thereby destroyed. There will be full
enough to provide a sufficient water power, it
is supposed, for all time hereafter. But there
will be destroyed one hundred and eighty miles
in all probability of navigable water now used
from St. Paul far up to the north. And the
House,"on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, after a very careful and
full investigation of the whole merits of the
ease at the last session of Congress, appropri-
ated $50,000 to aid the people of that vicinity
in preserving those falls, and in preserving
these one hundred and eighty miles of what is
at present good, navigable water of the river
above the falls.
I think the city and the authorities there
have appropriated about two hundred thou-
sand dollars and expended it on the work;
and it is believed that the aDpropriation re-
ported will accomplish the object and will save
to all coming time perhaps these falls and this
one hundred and eighty miles of navigation.
The aid of Congress is asked not alone to pro-
tect the falls as they are, but to protect the
navigation of the river above. I thought my-
self that this came within the rule of preserv-
ing the navigable waters of the United States,
and 1 voted then, and I propose to vote now,
for this appropriation on the same principles
that governed me in protecting and preserving
or opening and extending the navigable waters
of the rivers of the United Stales.
Mr. POTTER.. Mr. Speaker, it was not
concealed from the Committee on Commerce
that the support of the rock over which the
Mississippi falls at St. Anthony was of im-
portance to the companies using water power
at that point. On the contrary, the engineer's
office report does declare that it is of import-
ance, as well to those companies as to the navi-
gation of the river, that this appropriation to
prevent the breaking away of these falls should
be made. He also gave a statement of the
sum necessary to complete the work at that
point for the protection of the falls, adding
that the companies interested in preserving
the water power themselves could not con-
tribute enough to complete the work, and there-
fore recommended that $100,000 should be
appropriated by the.Government to that end.
The commutee, however, cut the appropria-
tion down to $50,000, because we thought the
additional $50,000 might be squeezed out of
the necessities of the mill companies. Now,
as regards navigation this is what the engineer
says in his report:
"With the improvements as provided for in the
foregoing report the lower river navigation wilt be
connected with six hundred and seventy-five miles
of navigable water above, which will require but
three locks to mako the navigation continuous above
the falls of St. Anthony."
And in another part of the report he says:
"This plan is designed to secure as good navi-
gation here at the lowest stage of the river as
between St. Paul and La Crosse."
Now, we must act in committee upon the
information that comes to us from the officers
of the Government, and if we can rely at all
wpoti their rerorts this is a wise provision in
this bill. If I had any reason to think that the
expenditure, recommended by the bill in this
respect was for the advantage of private own-
ers, rather t.k n for the navigation of the coun-
try, I should, Certainly concur in the motion to
strikeout; but beyond the official reports no
information on the subject has been brought
to my notice. .
The question -was taken on Mr. Farms-
worth's amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MOREY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
ten:
For improvement of the Washita river, in Louisi-
ana, from the Arkansas line to the mouth of the
said river, $26,000.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point of order
on that amendment that there has been no
survey and no recommendation by the Engin-
eer corps.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Louisiana will inform the Chair
whether this appropriation has been recom-
mended by the engineer corps.
Mr. MOREY. I was about to say, for the
information of the Chair and of the House,
that 1 hold in my hand the report of the Sec-
retary of War and the report of the engineer
who made this survey. .1 have been at various
times during the past month to the engineer
department for the purpose of getting the
report of this survey, in order to place it
before the Committee on Commerce, and by
paying particular attention to it I was enabled
to get it and have it printed, and it is in the
House this morning for the first time. I will
state that this amendment relates to that part
of the Washita river that runs through the
State of Louisiana, and' I may be allowed to
say that it is the most important part of the
river, about two hundred miles in length, and
upon which about eighty thousand bales Qf
cotton are transported annually. The instruc-
tion to the 'engineer was to make a survey
of the Washita river, in Arkansas, for the
improvement of which an appropriation of
$25,000 has been made in this bill, on mo-
tion of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Boles ] The engineer states in liis estimate
that $198,300 is necessary for this work,
$76,000 of it to be spent in Arkansas and
the balance in Louisiana. The appropri-
ation for that portion of the river within the
State of Arkansas was reduced to $25,000,
on the ground that the work could not be done
in one season ; but the work upon that part
of the river which is in Louisiana can be done
in one seasoji and will be done in one season.
Mr. CONGER. I insist on my point of
ord.er. The gentleman refers to the report.
I will read to the Chair from the report. It
is Executive Document No. 60, part four. The
engineer says:
"The law under which the examination was made
directs the survey or examination of the Washita
river in Arkansas; hence I gave instructions to end
the work at the State line of Arkansas."
That is the report to which the gentleman
from Louisiana refers. The engineer says he
gave instructions to stop the work at the State
line. There never has been a report made or
survey ordered of that part of the river below
the Arkansas State line and in the State of
Louisiana.
. Mr. MOREY. In answer to what the gen-
tleman from Michigan has said, I will call the
attention of the Chair to the fact that in this
report estimates are made for the improve-
ment of the Washita river from its source to
its mouth. The estimates for that portion of
the river within the State of Arkansas are made
by themselves, and the estimates for that por-
tion within the State of Louisiana are also
made by themselves and are in this report.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman to state
what part of the report says there has been any
survey or examination of the lower part of the
river.
Mr. MOREY. On page 13 of the report, and
also on pages 20 and 21.
Mr. CONGER. On page 13 the engineer
says:
"Below the southern boundary of Arkansas the
services of a snag-boat are greatly needed. As this
portion of the river was not examined we have no
data on which to base an estimate of the length of
time which would be reauired. Probably the work
could be performed for $10,000."
But it says there was no examination, and I
say none was ever ordered there.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field.) The Chair overrules the point of
order. The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Morey] will proceed.
Mr. MOREY. The House has already put
in this bill $25,000 for the improvement of this
river from the Arkansas State line toward the
source of the river to Arkadelphia, about two
hundred miles. Now, I would liketoaskgentle-
men on this floor at all familiar with this sub-
ject if it is proper to improve the upper part
of the river by dredging, and allow the mud to
wash down and further obstruct the navigation
of the lower part of the river by increasing the
sand-bars already there? The improvement
of this river must be along the whole river;
but the lower part of the river is the most im-
portant, for there we have navigation from six
to nine months in the year. There are four
principal bars on the river, according to the
report of the engineer, a short extract from
which I will read:
"Between Pine Bluff, forty-seven miles below
Monroe, and the mouth of Bceuf river, the Washita
has a great many snags and sunken logs, which dur-
ing low-water season are dangerous. It is the uni-
versal opinion of prominent steamboat-men that
Washita river could be made navigable alt the year
round by building tour locks and dams between
Catahoula shoals and Camden, for the use of boats
drawing three feet water. The following are the
places where, according to their opinion, these locks
and dams could be constructed, namety: at Cata-
houla shoals, Taylor's bar, (or Rock Koe.) in Lruis-
iana, and Jack's islands and Buffalo flats in Ark-
During high-water the largest class of boats
ascend this river to Monroe, which is at the
head of navigation at low-water. Now a proper
appropriation would be in the neighborhood
of one hundred and fifty thousand to two hun-
dred thousand dollars. But we do not ask that
much now; we ask only enough to clear out
the logs and trees, and to do about ten thou-
sand dollars' worth of dredging on these four
principal bars, in order that we may have nine
months navigation in the year in high aud low
water.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FItOJI TUB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that the President had approved
and signed the following bills:
An act (EL R. No. 2504) to provide for the
apportionment of the members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado;
An act (EL It. No. 2536) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872;
An act (EI. R. No. 2680) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No 2691) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of Wyoming Territory appor-
tioning said Territory for members of the coun-
cil and of the house of representatives of the
territorial Legislature; and
An act(H. R. No. 2792) to change the times
for holding the district and circuit, courts of
the United States at Erie, Pennsylvania.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the im-
provement, of certain rivers and harbors.
Mr. MOREY. I withdraw my amendment
for the purpose of allowing my colleague to
renew it.
Mr. SHELDON, of'Louisiana. I renew the
amendment. The Washita river runs through
perhaps the richest agricultural portion of this
