im
THE CONGBBMOTAI, GLOBE.
February 23,
the book of estimates I find that in a large
number of instances thecommittee has recom-
mended at least one. half, and frequently two
tliirds, of the amount asked for by the Engin-
eer corps. I hope, Mr. Speaker, there will
be no objection to this amendment, for I think
the House should feel that if there is any por-
tion of our internal navigation the- improve-
ment.of which is of importance it is necessary
to carry oat in good faith the. improvement of
the Mississippi river. The commerce of over
fifteen States.goes upon this mwand its-trib-
utaries. • - - '
M>r." CONGEE. This Government has been
very :generous in its appropriations to the
object advocated by-the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. VVells.} With the appropriation
given in this bill there has been given by the
General Government for this very purpose,
the same language, being used, $3,096,640.
More than one ninth of all the moneys which
this Government has ever appropriated for
all the rivers,and harbors in the United States
has been given to this very objeet which the
gentleman advocates. The Committee on
Commerce has been very liberal in recom-
mending the appropriation of $160,,000. They
have given all which they felt they could give
in addition to the immense- appropriations
which have been made for this- purpose before.
Jn this bill they give, in accordance with the
engineer's report, what is necessary to keep
the boats working on the river and to keep the
snags and obstructions removed during, the
coming year. . 1 now call for a vote.
The question being taken on Mr. Welis's
amendment, there were—ayea 40, noes 85.
Mr. WELLS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. W^Li<s.and
Mr. Sawyer were apppoiutecL
The House again divided j and th  tellers-
reported—ayes thirty one, noes not couple*!.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bor improvement of tho muuth of the Mississippi
river, fel2o,00Q.
Sir. McKEE. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after line one hundred and twenty-two,
" for improvement "of the Mississippi river
opposite Vicksburg, and to prevent a. cut-off,
$100,000." 1 hope gentlemen will not attempt
to make the point of order against me that a
survey has not been inade for this improve-
ment; because the fact is that a survey, has
been made.
Mr. SAWYER. I feel- bound to raise the
point of order. The improvement has not
been recommended by thp engineer depart-
ment,
Mr. MeKEE. The report has been made,
and it is not our fault that it has not been
printed. The State of Mississippi has not
been represented yet for a year upon this
floor, and we have not been able, to secure the
printing of this report and have it brought
before the committee.
Mr. SAWYER. I must insist, upon the
point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, The Ghair
would ask the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. McKee] whether he states that a survey
has been made?
Mr. McKEE. It hafr been made, I. was
there, and saw it.
The SPEAKER pro: tempore,* The Chair-
would further ask whether the department has
made any recommendations inregard to-this,
appropriation?
Mr. McKEE. Thedepartmeath&anot.had
time as yet to make up fully the estipaato for,
Ihe improvement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, I:f; the point
of order is insisted upon the Chair- must, sus-
tain it.
Mr. McKEE. I asfc- the- gentleman, from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sawye^J to.withdr%w.Uie poiiA:
of order lor a moment, until.L oatf ejf-ptein the-
matter.
I withdraw the p.oint of order for the present
to allow hit!) to be beard, reserving the right
to renew it hereafter.
Mr. McKEE. if the gentleman sees fit to
renev/ it after I have made an explanation he.
can do so. I will state wha| it is that 1 ask
for. There is a cut off opposite Vicksburg in
what is known as the Grant and Butler canal,,
which, before we can get an appropriation frostn
the next Congress, will take the Mississippi,
river two miles away from the bluff. The Mis-,
sissippi valley, will be forever indispensable,
for the defense of the country. Aa it is now,
any iron-clad hostile fleet could sail up the
Mississippi. I ask the House to consider the
question now, because hereafter it may be too
late to do so.
Mr. SAWYER. After bearing the gentle-
man's explanations, I will not insist on the
' point of order, but will ask for a vote.
The question being put on Mr. McKeb's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
Mr-. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line one
hundred and thirty-one:
For repayment in part to the city of Milwaukee of
$380,099, advanced for the construction of the new
harbor at Milwaukee, in fall of all demands for such
advances, $150,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I make a point of order on
that amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. It is clearly not in order.
Mr. KELSEY. If the city of Milwaukee
has a claim against the Government this is
not the proper bill to put it in.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. ROOTS. I move to insert, after line
one hundred and thirty-three ''for improve-
ment of,White, Black, and Little Red rivers,
Arkansas, $75,000." I desire-.to say a very,
few words hi support oftbatafneudment. This
is a peculiar and very deserving request,, that
we should have this appropriation. Wot a
single member of the Committee on Com-
merce can stand up and say that this amend-
ment should not prevail upon its own intrinsic
merits. But they may say that the bill should
not' be encumbered. With $3,500,000 in the
bill for northern harbors and rivers, and only
$500,000 For southern rivers, I feel very much
in regard to the bill, as the westerners say, that,
if it is to go, we can stand it- to let the tail go
with the hide. If we are not to make amend-
ments for fear we should kill the bill, the bill
might as well go, so far as we are individually
concerned. But we take a broader and-wider
view of the subject than that. At the time the
committee were preparing the bill the report
of the engineer was not before them. That
report requests an appropriation of $250,000.
I ask thirty per cent, only of that sum at pres-
ent, $75,000. There is no question in this
case as to whether the work is recommenced,
or whether it is meritorious, and therefore I
will not take up the time of the House, but I
hope we will have such an overwhelming vote
in its-fav-or that they wilt not even ask for the
noes.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker^ the House, I
thinfc, must gee that an intelligible and proper
bill in respect to the improvement of rivers and
harbors can only be founded upon reports ft-on*
the officers of*' the- Government who have
charge of such matters and whose information
ia- officially communicated to us. Where we
had no reports—whether the delay was in pre-
paring them or in printing them—we could
'not consider those cases nor come to any just
conclusion in respect to them'. Neither can
; the House, itself now, do it. We:have had an
instance ef'this, sir; this-very day, in the ease
of this very State of Arkansas, in whioh,.npoa
the-application of one of the gentlemen from
!that section, the House made an appropriation
of $25,000 for thaira prove merit of tim Wichita
;river in that State,.and- in less than an.hour
after we w.erje tojd by.another gentle,™an from
the Sbutijj that that awae*"
thrown away and could be spent, with na
earthly advantage unless the House made
a still further appropriation for the lower
part of the same river in Louisiana. Upon
those two applications the House appropriattd
$35,000 for the improvement of a river, in
respect of which there was no report which
had ever been considered by the Committee
of Commerce, and in regard t  the relative
importance of which to the commerce of the
country neither the committee nor the House
had bad an opportunity to know anything,
Mr. ROOTS. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man to say that we have no knowledge as to
the desirability of the appropriation which I
have offered?
Mr. POTTER. I do not know what knowl-
edge the gentleman may have, but I say that the
Committee on Commerce has none, and there
is nothing now before the House upon which
the House can found a suitable judgment upon
the subject.
Mr. ROOTS. It is recommended in a
report from the chief of the Engineer corps.
Mr. POTTER, The recommendation was
not before the committee.
Mr. ROOTS. I understand from a member
of thecommittee that.it was before them, but
not in time.
Mr. POTTER. It was-not before them ia
time to be considered. The eommittee have
considered the appropriations to be made for
this year in reference to the reports which tbey
had before them. In each of these cases tbey
bad an opportunity to judge as to the import-
ance of the works proposed and recommended.
But in respect to applications like this, which
the commitleohas had do opportunity Improp-
erly consider, and which the House cannot
understand the-merits of, as we bave> seen by
the very instance! which occurred here this
morning, Ihe granting of them can only load
cio-.wn the bill, and ought,: not to be-etone.
[.Here the hammer.-fell.]-
Mr. BOLES. J desire to say that the gen-
tleman from New York is certainly mistaken
when he says that this House has no inform-
ation as to the necessity of the improvement of
the Washita river. The information has been
presented, and the report of the engineer was
read at the Clerk's desk, showing the great
importance of the improvement of the Wash-
ita riyer and of other rivers in Arkansas.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter]
bad been listening to and noticing what was
going on here in this House he would have
seen the great necessity for this work, from the
repprt which has been made.
Now, from the position taken by that gen-
tleman we are lethto believe that the Commit-
tee on Commerce is the only tribunal to pass
upon the question of what rivers and harbors
should be improved. But we believe that it is
for this House to determine what shall be in
this bill, and not for the Committee on Com-
merce. We have the information here ; it has
been laid before this House. We did not have
it in time to lay it before the Committee on
Commerce. If we had had this report in time
we certainly should have brought this matter
to the attention of the Committee on Com-
merce* and we believe that committee would
have dealt as- liberally-with u® as it has with
the rivers? and harbors of other States. But
we have now got away from that committee,
and we now come to this Houseand lay before
thein the report of the civil engineer, urging
this appropriation for these rivers. We believe
the House has done right in voting what, it has-
lor the Washita, and we believe it will con-
tinue to do right in voting what we ask for the
White, Red, and Black rivers;ia Arkansas and
Missouri.
Mr. ROOTS. I. wish to say that thia is all.
that we expect to ask for the State of'Ar twin.-as.
We only ask $100,000 where $600,000 is it c
otnmended. My amendment iaoulj for $80;000
o# whauhe engineers recommend, mull hope
the iliMM-mli-gir*' it fee ttai
