1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
Thequestion was taken upon theamendment
of Mr. Hoots by a viva voce vote.
Before the resultof the vote was announced,
M*. liOO lo said : I call for a division on
tbis amendment, for I believe a majority of
tbis House is in favor ofit.
The question was taken upon a division, and
ibere were—ayes 47, noes 70; no quorum
voting.
Mr. ROOTS. I call for tellers.
Ttie SPEAKER pro tempore., (Mr. Sco-
Field.) No quorum has voted, and tellers will
be ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Roots and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
The House again divided; and tbe tellers
reported that there were—ayes 49, noes 76.
-So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
3?or improvement of the Rappahannock river.
Vircima. 815.000.
Mr. MeKENZIE. I move to amend the
elause just read by striking out "$15.000:' ami
inserting in lieu thereof •'$25,000." 1 hope
it will be the pleasure of the House to make
this increase.
The question was taken; and it was not agreed
to. upon a division—ayes twenty-five, noes not
counted.
Air. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask leave to
go back aud inovj an amendment after the
clause relating to the improvement of the Ohio
river.
Mr. SAWYER. I object to going back.
Mr. JONES, of Keniucky. Then i move
to amend by inserting after the paragraph last
read "for harbor of refuge at ihe mouth of
L'cking river, Kentucky, $50,000."
Mr. CONGER. 1 make the point of order
that there has been no survey made of this
river, aud there is no authority for this appro-
priation.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I hope tbe gen-
tleman will allow me to make some remarks,
and then we may have a law authorizing it.
Mr. SAWYER. I insist upon the point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, aud rules that the
amendment is not in order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvementof the Hudson river. New York,
$40,000.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out •' $40,000" and inserting
'•$60,000." Jt may not be generally known
to members upon this floor that this appropri-
ation is for the purpose of improving the nav
igktion of the Hudson river^betweeu Albany
aud Hudson. There is a point in the river
below Albany .where in times of low water and
low tide there have been obstructions to tbe
navigation of the river by reason of a sand bar
which has formed there. It has been ascer-
tained by engineers that by a system of diking
that sand-bar can be removed by the cut-rent
and tbe obstruction prevented. That system
was entered upon by the Federal Government
some years since; but the work lias progressed
but slowly by reason of inadequate appropri-
ations, so that almost every year they are
required to do again the work of the previous
year, by reason of the .mumil deposits of sand
at tbat point in tbe channel of the stream.
By extending these dikes the current would
prevent these annual deposits, and thus remove
instead of creating these obstructions. It is
known, I trust, to all gentlemen here that the
Hudson river is one of the most important
channels of commerce in the entire Union.
Through that river the trade of the great West
seeks the city of New York. At the city of
Albany the Erie canal connects the waters
of the great lakes with the tide water of the
Atlantic. By the improvement of this river at
the point named in the amendment the com-
mercial intercourse between the great West
aud New York would be, iu my judgment,
more facilitated than by any other improve-
ment that could be made.
^ Upon the Hudson, from Albany to New
York, there is a elass of steamers ungurpassed
by any upon the rivers of the United States;
yet those steamerg are not unfrequently de-
tained by reason of this sand-bar, which, if
an increased appropriation were made fbr one,
two, or three years, would be entirely removed,
and the current and ebb and Bow of the tide,
it is believed, would thereafter keep tbe chan-
nel open, iftid no further appropriation would
be needed for the improvement of navigation
at tbat point. It is therefore in the interest
of economy, as well as to the advantage of
commerce, that tbis appropriation should be
sufficient to eomplete tbe improvement in the
shortest possible time, so that the action of
the river might perform the work of keeping
open the channel, whieh is now but imper-
fectly done from year to year by inadequate
appropriations.
All must agree that money judiciously
expended in improving the facilities of the
carrying trade for transporting the products of
the great West to the best and most available
market is but promoting the general good.
And since the Government has entered upon
the business of improving the river for the
general purpose of facilitating commercial
intercourse between different sections, wisdom
would dictate that the great channels of trade
effecting the greatest amount of business should
be first completed. 1 hope, therefore, that the
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
MESSAGK t'UOJi TUB SB#ATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, in whi.h
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 1364) in relation to bounties.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bills of
the following titles:
An act (U. R. No. 2322) granting a pension
to Byron Mc-Kee;
An act (H. R. No. 2334) granting a pension
to Edwin Woodson; and
An act (H. R. No. 2339) granting a pension
to Thomas Maxwell.
The message further announced tbat the
Senate had passed a House bill of the follow-
ing title, with amendments, in whieh the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 2524) making appropri-
ations for t he legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on a bill of the following title :
An act (H. R. No. 1351) prescribing the
form of the enacting aud resolving clauses of
acts and resolutions of Congress, and rales for
the construction thereof.
Mr. DAWES. As the Senate amendments
to the legislative, executive, and judicial ap-
propriation bill have just come over, I ask
unanimous consent that they be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, aud ordered to
be printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
lUVBlt AND IlUtlSOlt APPROPRIATION DILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
river aud harbor appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Connecticut river above
JUartforJ ami below Holyoko, $20,0W.
Mr. CONNER. 1 move to amend by add-
ing afier the paragraph just read "for im-
provement of Cypress bajou and contiguous
lakes at Jefferson, Texas, $25,000."
Mr. CONGER. I raise a point of order on
that amendment, that .there has been no sur-
vey and no report from tbe department.
Mr. CONNER. The survey has been author-
ized and is now being made.
Tbe SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field.) That is not sufficient under tbe ruiiog
heretofore adopted. Upon the statement of
facts made by the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Cokkir] the Chair must sustain the point of
order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Hew Haven liarBor, Connec-
ticut.§10,000.
Mr. BENTON. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just read '-fur im-
provement of Fifteen Mile falls, Connecticut
river, $18,000."
Mr. Speaker, there has been, in accordance
with the act of July, 1870, an examination and
survey with reference to this improvement, and
a report has been made. That report was hot
forwarded to this House until very recently
and. wa8 not printed until last evening. The
subject was submitted to the committee this
morning; we were allowed a partial hearing.
The gentlemen of the committee gave the
matter all the consideration that they had time
to give it, and I have no doubt they were sat-
isfied an appropriation should be made; that
this is as necessary an improvement as the
other appropriations included in this bill. But
the gentleman who has charge of the bill said
he must oppose it. Why? Because other in-
dividuals might ask the adoption of similar
amendments. The impolicy of the course
pursued by the committee in saying, "We
have fixed upon certain appropriations and we
will not consider others although they may be
demonstrated to be as important as any in the
bill," has, 1 think, been proved by what has
taken place in this House.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the gentleman state
the nature of the commerce on the Connecticut
river?
Mr. BENTON. Tbat commerce is in part
the transportation of commodities produced
ipthe northern part of New Hampshire, where
1 reside, and also in Vermont. This commerce
is just as important as the commerce carried
on by flat boats in the West. This Connecticut
river is agreat natural channel; yet the gentle-
man lives so far from New England that lie
does not know the importance of this the main
river in our section of the country. 1 cannot
make him see it. He shut his eyes the moment
1 attempted to talk to him, and said, " We can-
not agree to auy amendments ; so many others
will press upon us." [Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. I will tell the gentleman
why I think that this appropriation ought not
to be made. He himself admitted that the
navigation of this river is used only for the
purpose of running sawed logs and lumber,
and that it was for tbe purpose of improving
the navigation he has asked this amendment.
Mr. BEN t'ON. No, sir, I have said no such
thing. That the lumber interest is an import-
ant and leading interest in our section 1 admit,
but that is connected-with all other interests ;
and is not that as well a commercial interest
as any other? Does it depend upon the lati-
tude or kind of commodity?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not believe that the
Federal Government ought to be called upon
to make appropriation of the public money for
the mere local purpose of running logs, where
there is no other trade or commerce.
Mr. BENTON. There is as much trade and
commerce on that river as there is upon most
of the rivers of the West named in this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. 1 risetoa point
of order. The gentleman who lias charge of
this bill has taken occasion to make the point
of order upon every amendment for works
which have been proposed on this side of
the House. Why does he not make the same
point of order upon the geutleman from New
Hampshire, from his own section, and upon
his own side of the House?
Mr. BEN'TON. 1 am surprised by the ob-
jection made by the geutleman from Wiscou-
