m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the thirty-one, is known to be personally and
bitterly hostile to the man upon whose acts
he was to sit.
Were the Senator from New Hampshire here,
I should need to appeal only to hira to prove,
as he in fact stated yesterday, the feeling of
his associate on the committee. Therefore,
Mr. President, though X do not and though
I did not in any way asperse Mr. Sheldon,
though I did not and do not know or believe
that it is an imputation upon the character of
a man to say that his feelings toward another
are unkind or unfriendly, I cannot- recall what.
I said of the fact that a committee so composed
had been sent out for such a purpose.
Now I have an inquiry to propound to my
colleague, if he will allow me. He uttered on
yesterday, as he stands recorded, these words :
" Mr. President, if there is any necessity of a re-
forna, or has been since the* foundation of the Gov-
ernment, it will bo apparent at this time, when in
the custom-house in New York, under the adminis-
tration of tho present collector, all persons who are
known to me or mv friends as of a particular classi-
fication or shado in the Republican politics of New
York have been put out and others put in, who, to
say the least, do not m a higher degree enjoy the
confidence and respect of the public."
I ask my colleague lo name the men or some
of them to whom he referred when he said that
all persons of a particular classification have
been put out of the custom-house. [A pause.]
My colleague sees that I pause to know who
are the men, or any of them, thus subjected
to martyrdom in the New York custom-house.
Mr. FENTON. If my colleague will read
a little higher up in the same column of the
Globe, the second sentence of my remarks
yesterday, he will notice this language, which
not only controlled me yesterday but will
control me to-day, and I think on every day
in regard to the matter growing out of New
York appointments, so far as the Senate is
concerned :
"I shall have no controversy now with my col-
league in regard to custom-house matters in Now
York. I shall have no controversy at. this timewitU
him or other persons growing out of tho praotioes of
the Administration iimippoiuting this person or that
person to otfieo."
Mr. CONKLING. My inquiry is a simple
one ; I mean it to be respectful; I Ihink it is
so. This is the point,: my colleague declared
on yesterday, in substance, that his friends
had been removed from the New York custom-
house, and lie stated that ail of them had been
removed. He meant, of course, that they were
removed because they were his friends. Now,
I ask him to make good that assertion by nam-
ing even one man of whom this is true, and I
ask him, I repeat, intending no discourtesy.
The statement surprises me. If it be a cor-
rect statement I should be glad to know it,
and therefore I repeat my question. I ask my
colleague again to state one person to whom
he did relet- or to whom lie can refer to justify
his assertion. Certainly there can be no con-
troversy in giving the names, or one of the
names.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, a reply to
the inquiry of niy colleague, if I were dis-
posed to enter into a controversy or an expose
of this character, would take considerable
time. I have not in bringing the letter of
my colleague of the lower House before the
Senate sought to do anything other than to
afford him the opportunity to vindicate him-
self, and believing that my colleague here
would embrace so favorable an occasion to
do our colleague in the lower House justice.
This having been accomplished, I see 110
necessity for my colleague on this floor to
attempt to change the issue. I said all I
cared to say yesterday, and I do not care now
to be put upon the witness stand. The time
will come when here, if my colleague invites
it and I think it. is agreeable to the temper
and the kind endniance of the Senate, I shall
speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth in regard to New York affairs.
Until then I beg my colleague to let the mat-
ter rest. I would much prefer that he should
change the venue of what seems to he a con-
troversy to the tribunal properly made up to
act upon New York politics.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, Mr. President,
my colleague deolines to name one single per-
son to illustrate or verify his assertion. He
saya it would take time. No, sir. I ask him
to mention one name. That will take no time.
He says he wants no controversy. He knows
that I want none with him. Again I ask him
to mention one name, to refer to one person,
justifying the statement he made yesterday,
and he declines to, and declines for reasons
the Senate has heard.
Mr. President, I have never had a contro-
versy with my colleague. I assure him I mean
never to have a controversy with him. I have
never brought the affairs of the Republican
party inNew York into the Senate. I take
every Senator to witness that I have never
introduced into the open or executive sessions
of the Senate the subject of the politics of
New^ York, or of the custom-house, or the
political patronage of New York. I have
never referred to any of these things here,
except when called upon to answer to allega-
tions introduced by others.
My colleague, therefore, may be sure that
neither now nor hereafter shall I obtrude such
topics here. Bnt this is getting away from the
point. My colleague made a distinct state-
ment of fact to the Senate and to the country.
I felt warranted in asking him to justify it;
and therefore I have called upon him, if he
can, to mention one single instance of the
kind he asserted. In answer to this statement
of my colleague made yesterday I feel bound
to bear such testimony as I have. My col-
league spoke of being ostracised, or of his
friends being ostracised, and added the state-
ment I have read.
Mr. FENTON. No, sir, I made no such
statement,
Mr. CONKLING. Speaking on my veracity
as a man, and 
Mr. FENTON. I beg ray colleague to allow
me 
Mr. CONKLING. Not at this moment. Let
me finish mv sentence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York declines to yield to his col-
league.
Mr. FENTON. I simply wish to say that I
used no such language yesterday.
Mr, CONKLING. My colleague interrupts
me in the midst of a sentence, as I understand,
to deny that I report his statement of yesterday
accurately ?
Mr. FENTON. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. I will quote his language
from the Globe:
"it i* a question, rather, if it was to be raised here
or elsewhere, oi proscription"—
Was not that the word I used ?
Mr, FENTON. No, l( ostracism."
Mr. SUMNER. " Ostracism." j
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon if I said ■
"ostracism." I intended to say "proscrip- !
tion.*' My colleague's language was : |
"It is a quostion, rather, if it was to be raised here
or elsewhere, of proscription within the party organ-
ization lor a Uiflercnce ot opinion relating to its
organization and preferences for men, and not in
regard to the support of its candidates, tho Admin-
istration. and its policy."
I correct myself in the*use of the word
"ostracism/' Soon follows the statement
that—
"Under the administration of the present collector,
all persons who arc known to mo or my friends n,s
<>i' a pnrtionlar classification or sh;ulo in tho Repub-
lican polities of New York have been put out and
others put in, who, to say the least, do not in a
hi^hur degree enjoy tho confidcnco and respect of j
the public."
Referring to these statements, which my
colleague refuses to justify, or to verify by j
putting his hand upon one instance which can
be investigated and ascertained, I say upon
my veracity and responsibility as a Senator
that in no single instance to my knowledge or
belief has any man been removed from office
in the State of New Yor.k during the present
Administration because of his being the friend
or adherent of my colleague. Qn the con-
trary, as far as I know, not a man has been
removed from office or refused office for any
such cause.
Mr. President, if I were to make ray state-
ment upon this point full, I should be bound
to add thatamong those appointed and retained
in office are some who do not come within the
ordinary rules and conditions upon which men
in recent times have been allowed to hold office
under the usages of political parties. Abstain-
ing, however, from further remark, Heave the
matter here, saying that if mf colleague had
been willing to name one man who he believes
has been removed from office by reason of his
friendship to him, or by reason of the attitude
or opinions he held in the Republican partv, I
should have been glad t,o inquire into and in-
vestigate tho facts, and would have joined my
colleague in any proper measure to correct the
wrong. As he declines to give any instance,
we are left to the general assertion, which, as
far as I know, is without support in fact.
hodsb bills referred.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will yield,
I wish to move an executive session.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If we are to go into
executive session it appeal's to me that it is
hardly worth while to yield the floor. I will
not take more time than will probably be con-
sumed in executive session.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I prefer to proceed.
Mr. HOWARD. Shea I withdraw the motion
for the present. •
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President  
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
Senator from Connecticut allow a motion to
adjourn to be made?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will yield to that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the condition of the pending bill
will be precisely the sabine to-morrow, whether
the Senate now goes into executive session or
adjourns. This bill as to the income tax will
be the unfinished business to-morrow morning
in either event, and the Senator from Con-
necticut will be eutitled to the floor.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will yield to the
motion to adjourn, if the Senate prefer that I
should yield to that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending that
motion, the Chair will submit some bilis and
joint resolutions from the House of Repre-
sentatives, for reference.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 4G9) grant-
ing the Chicago and Illinois Railroad Company
the right to build a bridge across the Wabash
river, and declaring the same a post road, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 170) an
thoxizing the sale of a portion of the Port, Leav-
enworth military reservation to the Kansas
Agricultural and Mechanical Association of
Leavenworth county, in the State of Kansas,
for fair grounds, was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands of the Senate have reported tho same
bill, and I ask that it lie on the table for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reserve this joint resolution until to-morrow
morning.
The joint resolution (II. II. No. 447) lo ex-
tend the benefit of the act establishing the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
