1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
Mr. SAWYER. I move to close all debate
upon the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was put on Mr. Beston's
amendment,: and there were—ayes 52, noes82.
Mr. BBNTON called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of the Housatonio river, Con-
neeticut, $15,000.
Mr. CONNER. I more to amend that par-
agraph by striking out "fifteen" and inserting
'•ten." It occurs to me, Mr. Speaker, that
these little rivers in New England are monop-
olizing the appropriations provided for in this
bill, i appeal lo the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, when he made the sup-
posed point of order upon me, to permit me to
insert a slight appropriation for the improve-
inentof the lukeaud bayou at Jefferson, Texas,
a city of fifteen thousand inhabitants, that
shipped last year over one hundred thousand
bales of cotton, situated at the head of navi-
gation on a river having nine hundred miles
of navigation, upon which there is a regular
line of packets, where there is a vessel for
New Orleans daily and a vessel for Memphis
almost daily, and the vessels destroyed upon
which, owing to this palpable and criminal
neglect of Congress, are worth more than the
enure commerce of New England; and yet,
strange to say, that river, having nine hundred
miles of navigable water, has been left for two
successive sessions that the State of Texas has
been represented here, with one of lier mem-
bers upon the Committee of Commerce, with-
out a single appropriation to improve its nav-
igation.
Here we have a proposition to appropriate
money to clean out a spring branch to float
down the pine logs and shingles in New Eng-
land, and yet when we ask for a slight appro-
priation of money to improve the harbor or
the river at a city whose commerce adds some-
thing to the material wealth of the country
there is always some person ready, himself
the vainglorious, self constituted, pretended
guardian of the Treasury, wearing the purple
robes of loyalty, rising here to a point of
order, which is not a point of order and
which was overruled by the chairman of the
committee, a colleague of the gentleman who
now occupies the chair, last year, when the
gentleman from Illinois offered a similar prop-
osition in relation to some small stream in
Illinois'. 1 do not know that I ought to cen-
sure the gentlemen from New England for
monopolizing the appropriations and control-
ling the legislation of this Congress or shaping
ltintheires ecial interest. 1 cto not blame them,
tut admire their tact and wonder at their pre-
sumption. But I do censure the southern dele-
gation here, or those members of it who are
constantly aiding the gentlemen from New
England in their crusade against the commer-
cial interests of the South. But X find some
consolation in knowing that these facts will
fall under the notice of the southern people,
who will in future see to it that men are sent
here from the South who will guard southern
Interests and not cringingly bow to the vain
mandates of New England.
Texas, with many hundred miles of coast,
has but the paltry sum of $20,000 appropri-
ated in this bill, while Maiue, with less than
half the commerce, has more than halt a mil-
lion. The harbor of the great commercial city
of Galveston is put off with a paltry $20,000.
She should have had $200,000, and would
have had if she had been properly represented
and a spirit of fairness had actuated and con-
trolled the committee. For the good of the
country I regret that this is so ; bnt as a par-
tisan 1 could ask for nothing better, for it will
do away with the argument that it is necessary
to send Republicans here because .Repub-
licans are in power. The southern pet/pie
r,aa see by the very bill now peudiug that
instead of their Republican Representatives
influencing their northern allies, they are by
the latter ignored, or what is worse, absorbed,
and as a consequence become an element in
this war against southern interests.
£Here the hammer'fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Southport harbor, Connec-
ticut, 812.000.
Mr. CO NGER. I move to amend the clause
just read by striking out ''Southport" and
inserting "Bridgeport," and by making the
amount of the appropriation $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of the Marrimac river, Massa-
chusetts, $25,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the clause
just read by inserting after the word " river"
the words "above Haverhiil."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Portland harbor. Maine.
$40,000.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause just read " for the improve-
ment wilhin the town of 0over, New Hamp-
shire, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS, ETC.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (E. It. No. 1351) prescribing the form
of the enacting and resolving clauses of acts
and resolutions of Congress, and rules for the
construction thereof;
An act (tl. U. No. 2322) granting a pension
to Byron McKee ;
An act (H. it. No. 2234) granting a pension
to Edwin Woodson;
An act (tl. it. No. 2239) granting a pension
to 'inomas Maxwell;
An act (H. it. No. 2909) to enable J. H.
Schneil, of California, to enter and pay for a
section of public land in California for his tea
colony; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 343) for the
relief of Lucy A. Smith, widow and adminis-
tratrix of James Smith, deceased.
K1VJ3U a.nd ua1sbok BILL AGAIN.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of navigation at tlie " Gut,"
opposite ij.Lth, Maine, $6,500.
Mr. CREBS. I move to amend by adding
after the paragraph just read "for improve-
ment of the navigation of the Wabash river
to the town of Lalayette, $12-3,000."
Mr. CONGER. 1 raise the point of order
that there has been no survey in this case.
Mr. CREB3. I think i can show the gen-
tleman that he is mistaken about that.
Mr. CONGER, if i am, i shall be glad to
be corrected.
Mr. CREB3. A year ago we asked for an
appropriation to make a survey of this river.
We had hoped that before the bill would be
finally passed upon by the Committee oil Com
inerce the report of that survey would be
presented, so as to be considered by the com-
mittee. 1 have before me tue report of Gene-
ral Weitzol, of the Engineer corps, who asks
for $123,000 for the commencement of this
improvement, if the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Coxgeb] will turn to page 43 of
Executive Document No. 60, part two, he will
find that General Weitzel reports as follows:
United States Engineer Office,
Louisville, Kentucky, January 4), lsiu.
GENERAL: By letter troin the otiioe of tbe Chief of
Engineers, dated July 23, 1S.0, 1 was chaiged, in
addition io other duties, with the survey oi the
Wabash river, Irom-Wabash, Indiana, to usunratn.
From the amount of money wnich was allotted to
mo to conduct the various surveys with which 1 was
obarged. I could ouly set aside $2,000 lor this work.
No accurate instrumental survey could be attempted
with such a small sum. and I therefore deiermiuud
to limit my operations here to a mere preliminary
examination or reconnoissance of the river. Having
learned that Mr. Er. Steiti, of Tipton, Indiana, (a
civil engineer of good reputation in the Stated had
recently made a map of the State of Indiana, and
had many data not in the possession ot any oue else,
I employed bim to do tue work. His report is here-
with transmitted.
The Wabash, with its branches, drains the larger
portion ot the State of Indiana, a portion ot the State
of Ohio, and Quite a large portion of the State ot Illi-
nois. It flows in a-souihwesterly direction, thi ough
the northern portion of Indiana, strikes the bound-
ary line between the two great States of Iudiaua and
Illinois a short distance below Terre Haute, Indiana;
then,, for nearly two hundred miles of its course, it
tortus the boundary between these two States, and
emptiesinto the Ohio river about one hundred and
thirty miles above the mouth of the latter.
It is the most important northern branch of the
Ohio river. Below its mouth the Ohio river contains
but few obstructions to navigation, and these will
prouab:y soon be removed. Ihethree cities. Lafay-
ette, Terre Hauie, and Vinceunes are situated on
this river.
Twenty years ago the annual value of the com-
merce of this river and its branches, in wheat, corn,
pork, and live-stock alone amounted to about four
million dollars. Since then, and-especially within
the last few years, iron and coal veins have been,
opened.
Now all of this commerce has been nearly entirely
ruined by the obstructions in the river. A lock at
the Grand Rapids and a lew improvements at other
points were made by private enterprise, but uono
of these improvenaents.were of a substantial char-
acter, and are consequently now in decay.
$ow, if .this rivercould be improvedonly as farup
as Lafayette, Indiana, not only would its former
commerce return, but it would steadily increase by
the development of the mineral resources adjacent
to it and by the continued increase ot the popula-
tion. The soil adjacent to this liver is of the most
productive liind. I therefore recommend its im-
froveuient as far up asL ifayette. But iu order that
can dezermiue exactly how it should bo improved,
i recommeud that thesum of $15,000be appropriated
to make a careful instrumental survey of the river
from its mouth to'Laiajeite, and as there is uo ques-
tion that the locks at the Grand rapids should be
rebuilt, that the sum ot $125,000 be appropriated
for that purpose. It will take much longer to build
these properly than it will to improve the various
points above and below, and hence by this arrange-
ment no time will be lost.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
(j. WEITZEL,
M 'jor of Jtinguieers.
Brig. Gen. A. A. Humphreys, Ghi*f of Engineers,
United States Washington, 1). V.
Tipton, Indiana, January 3, 1871.
Sir : In compliance with your orders, contained in
your letter of the loth of August, 1870,1 have made
the preliminary survey and examinations of tbe
Wabash river, trom.Wabash. Indiana, lo its mouth,
and have the honor to herewith transmit my report.
I begau my observations and exam illations, (wholly
superficial, as I had no instruments nor the time
sufficient to use tuemjat the town of Wabash, the
proposed head of navigation, and from there went
downstream^ I fouud the river, between Wabash
town and Logausport, running slow, on very little
descent, in a wide aud shadow bed formed of lime-
stone rocks, in a width nearly tourfold that necessary
to navigation.
Tne Erie and Wabash canal is fed by the river, and
dams for that purpose obstruct the river bod; besides
there are many brides spanning the river, on a grade
entirely too low tor the passage of a steamboat, nouo
of which bridges is provided with a draw.
If the Ene and Wabash canal, which is anything
but a paying institution, (it hardly pays the cost of
repairs.) was abolished. Us waters returned into the
river bed, and tbeseveral feederdaiua removed, nav-
igation would be easy up to Wabash town at any
time trom April to December; but if, on the other
baud, the water now in tue river bed was by walls
confined to about one third of the piesent width of
the bed, the same could be raised to a height &ulli-
cient tor light navigation, even in time ot drougnt.
Iu this latter case, ot course, locks would have to be
built at each point where there is a teedor dam in the
riAs'the first condition is not likely to occur, and
the last is too costly an affair, it must suffice to build
locks and clean the river bed of sand-bats and diitt-
vvood. Such locks will have to be erected at Peru
and Logausport, at an expense of ($50,000 each)
$100,000. , .
The dredging and cleaning the nver ofdrut-woou
from Wabash to Loganspoi t will cost about $o,000.
At Logansport the Eel river empties l.ito the
Wabash ami considerably incteases the watei ot tne
latter, so that theuco downward navigation would
be easy but tor the '•rapids/' 7 miles below Logans-
port. These lapids will have to be removed, at a
cost of (7,407 cubic yards, at $2 50 per cubic yard)
$13,517 50. , .. r ,
At the mouth of Eel river is a large deposit ot sand
and gravel, obstructing the river bed, which to re-
move would cost -{0,000 cubic yards, at 50 cents per
cubic yard) $2,777. . t •> i_
About 8 miles below Delphi, and about 12 above
Lalayette, the Tippecanoe liver tails into the
Wabash. This river is ot about twice the size ot
