726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
joint resolution of February ~8, 1S6T; whether the
same has been applied in accordance with the acts
• of July 2.186.!, and'of July 23,18d6; and also whether
any attempt has been made or any scheme proposed
by which the same are to be diverted from the true
intent and purpose of tho donation; and whether
any other and further legislation by Congress is
necessary for the security and faithful administra-
tion of the said fund; and to report at any time, by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] whether
this matter may not work such delay as to in-
terfere with the regular call of the committees?
Mr. ARNELL. I am willing to waive my
right now, provided I can make this report
immediately after this morning hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I give notice that at the
close of the morning hour I shall raise the
question of consideration upon the report of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arxell,] if
he shall undertake to make it at that time. The
Indian appiopriation bill has been a special
order for some time; it is a very important
bill, and I desire to have it sent to the Senate
as soon as possible.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. AitJfELi,] has the right, under the
resolution just read, to report at any time;
but any gentleman can raise the question of
consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must raise the question
of consideration, if the report is made now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very desir-
ous that, if possible, the morning-hour business
shall not be interrupted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope there will be some
agreement, upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Aknell] propose to have any
extended discussion upon this report?
Mr. ARNELL. I propose to report a bill,
and after answering such questions as may be
asked I shall call the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman makes
his report now will the time it consumes be
taken from the time of the Military Committee?
The SPEAKER. It would not; because if
the subject should be taken up now and should
occupy the entire day the morning hour of
to day would be excluded. The Committee on
Military Affairs would be entitled to the next
morning hour, but there would beone morning
hour lass 1'or the rest of the committees of the
House.
Mr. ARNELL. I am very willing to let this
matter go over till after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The question of consid-
eration has already been raised by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Bixg-
liam, 3 and that question must, under the rules,
be submitted to the decision of the majority
of tho House without debate. The Cbair is
tolerating this conversation in the hope that
some adjustment will be reached.
Mr. M AYNAKD. I hope that some method
of adjusting this matter amicably and to the
satisfaction of all gentlemen concerned will be
reached. I imagine that the consideration of
tho bill will take but a short time. The bill
might be presented at this time and printed
in the Globe, and then it might go over for
consideration hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the bill ia not yet printed.
Mr, ARNELL. Thebillis printed; but the
amendment which I desire to report is not
printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope we shall have the morning hour. The
gentleman is willing to defer this matter till
afterward. If it come up before the morning
hour we may lose the morning hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I .shall protest against
any understanding which may prevent me from
testing the sense of the House, after the morn-
ing hour, upon going into Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. ARNELL. I think f can satisfy gen-
tlemen that this bill can be veiy readily dis-
posed of. Therefore I will withdraw it for
the present and let the question be determined
after the call of committees.
HOMESTEADS FOR SOLDIERS, SAILORS, ETC.
Several members called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the morning hour now
begins. The pending business in the morning
hour is the bill (H. R. No. 2797) to enable hon-
orably discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United States.
This bill, which was reported yesterday from
the Committee on Military Affairs by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stoughton,] has
been twice read, and the question is on order-
ing it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. STOUGHTON. By instruction of the
committee, I offer the amendment which 1
send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line five, after the word " and," insert" who was
honorably discharged and has;" and in lino eight,
after tho word "anil," insert the same words.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
this amendment will be considered as agreed to.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill, as amended, to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill as
amended be read.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that this bill may be temporarily laid aside
in order that several olher reports may be
wade from our committee.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that arrangement will be made.
There was no objection.
ASYLUM FOR DISABLED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, joint resolu-
tion (IT. R. No. 417) to extend the benefit of
the act establishing the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to the disabled
soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812 and the
Mexican war.
The substitute, which was read, authorizes
and directs the board of managers of the Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers
to extend the benefits and provisions of the
act approved March 21, 18t>G, establishing the
institution, to the disabled volunteer soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812 and of the Mex-
ican war.
The substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly rea3
the third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPLICATIONS FOR PENSIONS.
Mr. NEGLEY also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2806) to amend an act relating to pensions,
approved July 27, 1868; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal
the proviso of the sixth section of the act relat-
ing to pensions, approved July 27, 1868.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the reading
of the provision which this bill proposes to
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
section proposed to be repealed.
The Clerk rend as follows :
" Provided, That the application for such pension
has been or shall hereafter be tiled with tho Com-
missioner of Pensions within fivo years after the
right thereto .shall have accrued, excepttliat appli-
cation by or in behalf of insane persons and ehi! -
1 drcn under sixteen years of ago may be filed after the
| expiration ot the said live years, if pi eviously thereto
. they were without guardians or <i:her pa,per le^al
, representatives."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to inquire how
the Military Committee get possession of this
subject of pensions?
Mr. MORGAN. By order of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was the bill introduced
into the House and referred regularly to the
Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. MORGAN. It was.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentlemen
whether this is a unanimous report from the
Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. MORGAN. It is.
Mr. NEGLEY. Before calling for the pre-
vious question, I will ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether he has any objection to the
bill, or does he only object to the way in which
it has been reported?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is the first time I
have ever heard of such a bill pending in this
House, or as having been introduced and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
That is an inappropriatecommitt.ee for the con-
sideration of this question at this time. The
Committee on Invalid Pensions reported on
this very subject at the last session, and their
report was acted on by the House. If we are
permitted to discuss this subject I think I can
give the best reasons in the world why this bill
ought not to pass in its present shape. It will
work great injury to the Government if it is
passed and becomes a law. The Pension Com-
mittee are able to produce proof sufficient, I
think, to convince the House that there ought
to be some limit of time in which applications
for pensions shall be made where the pension
is to commence at the date of the disability or
death of the soldier. This is a matter which
does not belong to the Committee on Military
Mr. MORGAN. For what length of time
has my colleague on the committee yielded?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a matter properly
belonging to the committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. The subject has been and is now before
that committee.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will state for the informa-
tion of the House that this subject was brought
properly before the Committee on Military
Affairs and the reasons for the bill fully dis-
cussed in that committee. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that it be laid
on the table if there is no other way of getting
rid of it. This subject has been before the
Committee on Pensions, and has always been.
Mr. NEGLEY. It was referred to the Com-
mittee ©n Military Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to lay upon the table, and ask the House
to refuse to second the demand for the previous
question, so that tho bill may be referred to
the Committee on Pensions, where it appro-
priately belongs.
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire to make a brief
statement on this subject. It is of great im-
portance to a large number of applicants at
this time that the time should be extended in
which they are to file their applications. The
objection of the gentleman is a mere per-
sonal one on his part. I see no reason why
there should be any delay in our action.
Mr. MORGAN. The objection of the gen-
tleman from Missouri is purely technical. This
does belong to the Committee on Military
Affairs as much as any other matter referred
to it. I trust the House will sustain the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yield to meone moment.
Mr. NEGLEY. I decline to yield further.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the House will
refuse to second the demand for the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were*—ayes
53, noes *11; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Be.yjamix and Mr.
N egley.
The House again divided : and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
