1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ism
The documents are as follows :
United States Engixfek Officio,
Louisville, Kentucky:, Jamauy 20,1371.
Gkneral : By letter from the office of the chief
of engineers, dated July 23, 1870. I was charged, in
addition to other duties, with the survey of the
Wabash river, from Wabash, Indiana, to its mouth.
^From the amount of money which was allotted
to me to conduct the various surveys with which I
was charged X could only set aside $2,000 for this
work. No accurate instrumental survey could be
attempted with such a small sum, and I therefore
determined to limit my operations here to a mere
preliminary examination or reconnoissance of the
river. Having learned that Mr. F. Stein, of Tip-
ton, Indiana, (a civil engineer of good reputation in
the State.) hod recently made a map of the State of
Indiana, and had many data not in the possession
of any one else. I employed him to do the .work. His
report is herewith transmitted.
The Wabash, with its branches, drains the larger
por^'onof the State of Indiana, a portion of the State
of Ohio, and quite a large portion of the State of Illi-
nois. It flows in asouthwestcrlydireetion, through
the northern portion of Indiana, strikes the bound-
ary line between the two great States of Indiana and
Illinois a short distance below Terre Haute, Indi-
ana; then, for nearly two hundred miles of its course,
it forms the boundary between these two States, and
empties into the Ohio river about one hundred nnd
thirty miles ab^ve the mouth of the latter.
It is the most important noithern branch of the
Ohio river. Below its mouth the Ohio river con-
tains but few obstructions to navigation, and these
will probably soon be removed. The three cities,
Lafayette, TerreHaute, and Vincennes, are situated
on this river.
Twenty years ago the annual value of the com-
merce of this river and its branches, in wheat, corn,
pork, and livestock alone, amounted to about four
million dollars. Since then, and especially within
the last few years, iron and. coal veins have been
opened.
Now all of this commerce has been nearly entirely
ruined by the obstructions in the river. A lock at
the Grand rapids and a few improvements at other
points were made by private enterprise. J>ut none
of these improvements were of a substantial char-
acter, and are consequently now in decay.
Now, if this river could be improved only as far
up as Lafayette, Indiana, not only would its former
commerce return, but it would steadily increase by
the development of the mineral resources adjacent
to it, and by the continued increase of the.popula-
tion. The soil adjacent to this river is of the most
productive kind. I therefore recommendits improve-
ment as far up as Lafayette. But in order that I can
determine exactly how it should be improved, Irec-
ommend that the sum of $15,000 be appropriated to
make a careful instrumental survey oftherivcrfrom
its mouth to Lafayette, and as there is no question
that the locks at the Grand rapids should be rebuilt,
that the sum of $125,000 be appropriated for that
purpose. It will take much longer to build these
properly than it will to improve the various points
above and below, and hence, by this arrangement, no
time will be lost.
lam, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
G.WEITZEL,
Major of Engineers.
Brig. Gen. A. A. Humphreys, Chief of Engineers,
Unite'4 States Am\y, Washington, J). C.
Tiptox, Induka, January 3,1871.
Sir: In compliance with your orders, contained
in your letter of the 15th of August, 1870,1 have made
the preliminary survey and examinations of the
"Wabash river, from Wabash, Indiana, to its mouth,
and have the honor to herewith transmit my report.
I began my observations and examinations,(wholly
superficial, as I had no instruments nor the time
sufficient to use them.) at the town of Wabash, the
proposed head of navigation, and from there went
down stream. I found the river, between Wabash
town and Logansport, running slow, on very little
descent, in a wide and shallow bed formed of lime-
stone rock, in a width nearly fourfold that necessary
to navigation.
The Erie and Wabash canal is fed by the river,
and dams for that purpose obstruct the river bed;
besides, there are many bridges spanning the river,
on a grade entirely too law for the passage of a
steamboat, none of which bridges is provided with a
draw.
If the Erie and Wabash canal, which is anything
but a paying institution, (it hardly pays the cost of
repairs,) was abolished, itg waters returned into the
river bed, and the several feeder dams removed)
navigation would be easy up to Wabash town, at
anytime from April to December; but if, on the
other hand, the water now in the river bed was by
walls confined to about one third of the present
width of the bed, the same could be raised to a height
sufficient for light navigation, even in time of a
drought. In this latter case, of course, locks would
have to be built at each point where there is a feeder
dam in the river.
As the first condition is not likely to occur, and
the last is too costly an affair, it must suffice to build
locks and clean the liver bed of sand-bars and dritt-
wood. Such locks will have to be erected at Perus
and Logansport, at an expense of <,$50,000 each)
$100,000.
The dredging and cleaning the river of drift-wood
from Wabash to Logansport will cost about $5,000.
At Logansport the Eel river empties into the
Wabash and considerably increases the water of the
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 98.
latter, so that thcnco downward navigation would
be easy but for the "rapids," seven miles below
Logansport. These rapids will have to be removed,
at a cost of (7,407 cubic yards, at$2 50 per cubic yard)
$18,517 50.
At the mouth of the Eel river is a large deposit of
sand and gravel, obstructing the river bed, which to
remove would cost (5,555 cubic yards, at 50 cents per
cubic yard) §2,777.
About eight miles below Delphi and about twelve
above Lafayette the Tippecanoe river falls into the
\V abash. This river is of about twice the size of the
Eel river, and from thispointdown the Wabash is in
fact a navigable stream.
Sand-bars and timber buried under the same be-
come frequent here, so much so that it is aftiost
impossible to note and calculate the contents of each
one separately. It will have to suffice to mention
especially only the larger deposits of sand or gravel,
the remainder to,bo counted by the lump.
Opposite the city of Logansport is a large sand-
bar, to remove which will cost (1,000 feet long, 100
feet wide, and 3 feet thick—11,000 cubic yards, at 50
cents per cubic yard) §5,500.
A bar of less dimensions is about li miles below
Portland, (800 feet long, 75 feet wide, and S feet
thick—2,222 cubic yards, at 50 cents per cubic yard,)
S3,333.
All the other sand-bars between Logansport and
Terre Haute are of such nature that it is impossible
to guess even their contents, andean easily betaken
out by a steam dredging-machine, probably in two
months, at the rate of $28 per day, including hire of
machine and hands, $1,403, and would clean the
channel from Logansport to Terre Haute after the
logs (snags) have been chopped, rolled, and burned,
or otherwise put out of the way, at an expense of
about S3,500.
There are two dams between Logansport and
Lafayette, and consequently two locks will have
to be erected on that distance, at $50,000 each, or, in
the aggregate, $100,000. The bridges on this part of
the river are higher than those above Logansport,
and some have draws.
From Terre Haute downward the river makes
many bends, and often very short turns, in which
snags and sand-bars have accumulated to such an
amount that it will take hundreds of men and horses
for months to remove them, and it is pretty well
impossible to accurately estimate the cost thereof.
I am safe, however, in saying that it will not, on the.
route from Terre Haute to Vincennes, costless than
$15,000.
Some of the bends in the river below Terre Haute
are so narrow that the accumulation of floating tim-
ber and of sand is unavoidable, and a cut-off in sev-
eral places is deemed the cheapest, because the most
lasting, improvement. Such a cut-off, for instance,
ought to be made at Sugar creek bend, in section
32, township 12 north, of range 9 west, immediately
south of the city of Terre Haute. The same would
cost (175 rods long, 10 feetdeep, and (100+130) -s- 2feet
wide, 122,964 cubic yards, at 75 cents per cubic yard)
$102,223.
A few miles below Sugar creek bend is a large
deposit of sand, known as Musgrove bar, to remove
which will cost. (200 yards long, 85 yards wide, and
1 yard deep,(7,000 cubic yards, at 50 cents per cubic
yard,) $3,500.
About 300 rods below this bar there is a great deal
of drift heaped up, the remoyal of which, by chop-
ping, rolling, and burning, is included in the above
item of $15,000 for men, horseis, &c.
Some fourteen miles below Terre Haute is Aurora
bend, about two and one half miles in length, with
a ripple about one half mile long, w]iich should pe
cutoff, the course of the water straightened, the fall
increased, and the accumulation or drifts prevent'
ed. This would take (excavation of 825 yar^siong,-
(100+130) 2 yards wide, and 31 yards deep, 105,302
pubic yards, at 75 cents per cubic yard) $78,621 50.
There are two very narrow bends within five miles
of each other in township 8 north, -range 11 west,
about 120 rods long each; tiie pne known as Forks's
cut-off needs only widening of the new channel
already in existence; the other, Hackbury bend, is
full of drift-wood, and will have to be kept clear of
it all the time, at an annual expense of hundreds of
dollars, if it be not cut off, which, together with the
widening of the foregoing cut-off, (new channel,)
would cost about $100,000.
From here on downward the dredging-raachine
and axes will find application, the bed being nearly
filled with sand and logs.
In sections 6 and 7, township 6 north, range 10
west, the river has formed a" new channel, cutting
off Horseshoe bend. This new channel wants widen-
ing and clearing of the drift heaped up in it, at an
expense of about $35,000.
At Pointe Couple, or Oak station, the riverbed is
filled with logs, and thence down stream are many
Smaller and larger deposits of sand. A little below
Vincennes especially is a large sand-bar, the removal
of which will cost $3,5p0.
Ambrough's bend, ip sections 22 and 23, township
2 north, range 11 west, and about ten irnles below1,
might be cut off, but may do as well if the logs and
sand heaped up in the same be removed and awin£-
darn built of the following'"dimensions: 300 feet
long, (4+12) -5- 2 feet wide, and 4 feet high, 355 cubic
yards,which will c.ost, at the rate of $2 50 p?r cuhic
yard, $887 50. The taking out of the timber ar^d Sand
at this poiut.will cost about$500, • "
Within four miles,above the mouth of White river
the bed of the Wabashis obstruc^edby whatis called
theLittle rock, which-should be bla&ted', a.t an ex-
pense of $1,500. About l^miFes below'tSe Little rock
begin the Grand rapids* • a&6ut £ of $ hale long.
The rooks foT^iiisthe. ra^i(^paniiot be removed
without disturbing the proportion of descent of the
river, to the great damage of navigation. A lock
was therefore built, by means of which boats are
raised above the rapids. This lock has a rise of about
i e same has originally been built at a cos t of
$^0,000, but was too light for this place, and there-
tore is now so defective that repairs are attempted
in vain, and nothing short of anew lock will remedy
the evil. To build a substantial, lasting lock of the
proper dimensions will not costless than $125,000.
Opposite the mouth of White river is a sand-bar
nearly a mile in length, the removal of which will '
cost (1,600 yards long, 15 yards wide, and 1 yard
thick, 21,000 cubic yards, at 50 cents per cubic yard)
$12^000. .
Six miles below the mouth of the White river, at
Coffee Islands, I propose a wing-dam to be built,
250 feet long, (4+12)-v-2 wide and 4 feet high, 290
cubic yards, at $2 50 per cubic yard, $740.
There is good water all along below the mouth of
White river, and if the drift-wood and the sand
gathered between the same be taken out there will
be no more obstruction to navigation. The taking
out of the drift-wood and sand on the distance from
New Carmel to Graysville will cost about $3,500.
Opposite Graysville the river makes a deep bend
about three miles long, which might be cut off by a
new channel of not more than 200 rods in length, the
whole cost of which would not exceed $115,000.
Opposite Chainville the bed of the river is
obstructed by rocks, which could easily be taken
out at an expense of $2,500.
An old wing-dam nearthis point is entirely broken
down and needs repairing. It is 250 feet long, (4+12)
-*■2 wide, and 4 feet high, 296 cubic yards, at $2 50 per
cubic yard, $740.
At this point the river has a strong current to the
west. To prevent the destruction of the right bank
of the river, and to keep the water in a good chan-
nel, a wall of riprap has been built years ago, but
having been erected on a cheap plan, it has not
lasted long, and now needs rebuilding. This wall
should be 500 rods long, 8 to 10 feet high, 8 teet wide
at the base, and 4 feet wide at the top, an4 will cost
(16,500 cubic yards riprap, at $1 50 per cubic'yard)
$24,750.
About four and a half miles below this point an-
other wing-dam is necessary. It will cost (200 feet
long, (4+12)-s-2 wide, and 4 feet high, 274 cubic yards,
at SI 50 per cubic yard) #411. Two miles further
down is Black cut-off, about one mile long, which
is now the main channel; the old bed, making a large
bend westward, being grown up with willows. This
new channel at its northern end needs widening
and clearing of logs and sand throughout its whole
length, This will cost about $3,500.
The last bend the river makes'before it empties
into' the Ohio is a very large one, measuring over
seven miles in length, all filled up with sand-bars
and drift-wood. This length could be reduced to a
mile and a half by cutting a new channel. This new
channel would cost (7,900 feetlong, (100+130)^-2feet
wide, and 10 feet deep, 336,481 cubic yards at 75 cents
per cubic yard) $252,360 75.
The dredging of the river from Vincennes to its
mouth, by two steam dredges, will take two months,
at $28 each day, and will eost$l,400.
An accurate survey of the whole river may here
and there cause little changes in my estimates;
but, on the whole, I think the improvements rec-
ommended by me are necessary and .will cqst the
amounts above stated.' " ' " *
A thorough survey of the river will cost about
$15,000; so that the whole improvement of the
river, including $25,000 for contingent expenses, will
amountto $1,163,253 25. In this, of course, the val ue
pf the lipids ^Meh.will have to be appropriated for
the purpose of making tne proposed cuts i3 not in-
oiftcfed, and I &av'e ntf time to ascertain the price of
lands in that part of the country.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yourobedientservant,
FR. STEIN.
Major Weitzel,
Corps of Engineers, Louisville, Kentucky,
Mr. -CONGER. Inasmuch as the engineer
was sick and,was not able to make the proper
suxYpf und^r the appropriation of last year,
I am perfectly willing that a provision for the
continuation of the survey shall be inserted
in the section with reference to surveys. No
special appropriation for the purpose is^eeded,
as-we have already appropriated money "enough
to complete these various surveys,
Mr. NIBfAClL WilLth'e ooframlttee make
no objection.?.
'dONQSR*. I presume .not.. Speaking
for myself1, I promise that I win not object.
Mr. NIBLACK. I believe I must ask a
vote pn gty'proposition. I think it is a very
.fair one. : -
' Mr. ' I am myself in favor of' a
continuation of the survey, so that we may
:o,bt^in a detailed report upon which' we can /.
hereafter make an appropriation for this im-
provement. I think an appropriation should
be made whenever we may have the proper
survey and estimates.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not necessary'to
this amendment in prder to secure a. survey.
A provision can' be included' in the;,. section
