1871-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Income Tax—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. of Reps.
woolen goods and manufacture cotton goods,
which they sell to the people of Ohio. Now,
if these goods are not taxed, if these manu-
factures are not taxed, our people are not
obliged to pay any tax upon them. We man-
ufacture whisky which we sell to New Eng-
land, to Pennsylvania, and to other States.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman surely does
not call that a question?
Mr. BEATTY. The consumer pays the tax ;
and what I wish mv colleague to answer is how
this operates to the disadvantage of Ohio.
Mr. MORGAN. In the first place, Mr.
Speaker, when the tax was taken off the New
England manufactures the price of those goods
did not fall. On the contrary, the very men
who voted to take the tax off New England
manufaetures increased the tariff tax on for-
eign goods, and New England kept up the
price on her manufactured goods; and the
amount of tax which was taken off went into
the pockets of the eastern monopolist instead
of the Treasury. Hence, when the goods of
Massachusetts came to Ohio the tax was still
on them and paid by the citizens of Ohio, but
never reached the Treasury ; on the contrary,
it was a forced bonus from the farmer to the
manufacturer.
Now, sir, in 1868 the three western States
and the three southern States which I have
named, but which I will name again so they
may be kept in mind—Ohio, Illinois and Indi-
ana, Missouri, Kentucky, and Virginia—paid
$4,000,000 of taxes more than all of the New
England States. In 1869 they paid $34,000,000
more; in 1870, $48,000,000 more; and in 1871,
according to the estimate of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, they will pay $47,000,000
more than all the States of New England. As
the taxes of the New England States were
reduced the taxes of the western and southern
States were augmented.
income tax.
What comes next? A proposition from the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who, I regret, is not in his
seat to-night. He comes into this House and
asks Congress to repeal the income tax, now
amounting to two and a half per cent. For
whose benefit? For the benefit of the farm-
ers? No. The mechanics? No. The working-
men of the country? No. Who then? For
the benefit of the millionaires of New England.
Mr. NEGLEY. Do the farmers pay any
portion of that income tax ?
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman asks me
whether the farmers pay any portion of the
income tax? Does he not know that depends
whether the income of the fanner is over
$2,000 or not?
Mr. NEGLEY. Then he is among the mil-
lionaires.
Mr. MORGAN. I will satisfy the gentle-
man, who is one of the representatives of the
millionaires, but not of the people.
Mr. NEGLEY. Avery worthy constituency.
Mr. MORGAN. Doubtless ; millionaires are
always worthy. I have prepared a table show-
ing that if the income tax is abolished it will
reduce the amount of tax collected from Mas-
sachusetts more than one half, from Virginia
about one thirty-eighth; from Rhode Island
more than one half, from Illinois less than one
fifteenth. Vermont will have her taxes reduced
more than nine tenths, Ohio one fourteenth ;
Maine more than one half, Kentucky less than
one twenty-third; New Hampshire nearly two
thirds, Missouri less than one eleventh; Con-
necticut more than one half, Indiana less than
one seventeenth.
Should the income tax be repealed, Ohio
will pay $14,930,652, Illinois $14,275,000,
Connecticut $498,050, Missouri $4,079,000,
Virginia $4,837,000,Indiana $3,851,000; and
the six New England States together, $3,161,-
198. That is, Ohio will pay more than four
times the amount of taxes paid by New Eng-
land. Illinois will pay more than four times
the amount of taxes paid by the six New Eng-
land States. Kentucky will pay more than
twice the amount of taxes paid by the New
England States. Missouri will pay nearly a
million more taxes than paid by the New Eng-
land States. Virginia will pay more than a
million of taxes over the amount paid by all
the New England States. Indiana—and I
have to apologize to my friend [Mr. Holman]
if I say the "little" State of Indiana; not a
large, but a very noble State—Indiana will
then pay more taxes than the six States of
New England. And we of the West and South
are congratulated upon this happy state of
things by the representatives of the million-
aires, the representatives of the bondholders,
who are not even taxed upon the principal
of their bonds. They, too, congratulate the
toiling millions upon the fact that the bond-
holder is to be relieved from the paltry tax
upon his income, and that the tax which the
bondholder now pays will soon be paid by
labor. If the income tax is abolished, New
England will pay $3,161,198 as the full amount
of her internal taxes, while the three western
and the three southern States which I have
named will pay $50,318,891.
greed of massachusetts.
Mr. Speaker, not only now, but from the
organization of this Government down to the
present hour, the skill of New England legis-
lators has thrown the burden of the -jupport
of the Federal Government upon the people
of their sister States. During the last session
I called attention to the fact that from 1856
to 1865, inclusive, in the mere matter of fish-
ing bounties there was paid to the people of
the States of Maine, Massachusetts, and New
Hampshire within a fraction of four millions
of money. Where did the money come from?
The Treasury. How did it get there? From
the pockets of the tax-payers of the States com-
posing the Union. The farmers of the West
and South receive no bounties, but bear many
burdens besides their own. That four millions
is but a grain of sand when compared with the
countless millions which have been wrung
from the people by the monopolists, the Treas-
ury leeches of New England. And now that
I am upon that subject I here introduce an
extract from remarks submitted by me to
the House on the 24th day of March last:
"I hold in my hand a table made out by order of
the Third Auditor of the Treasury, December 21,
1868, showing the amounts claimed and tho amounts
drawn from the Treasury to cover war expenditures
during the late civil war by the States ot Massachu-
setts, New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. It is as
follows:
States. Amount claimed. Amount allowed.
Massachusetts 13,535.264 $3,487,803
New York  3.232,825 2,3U0,192
Pennsylvania  2,118,419 2,094,879
Ohio  2,778,376 2,576,620
The following is a statement of troops fur-
nished during the civil war, from facts fur-
nished by Assistant Adjutant General Breck:
Regiments Independent
and battalions, companies.
Massachusetts  78 57
New York.._.   275 38
Pennsylvania  258 fit
Ohio  240 38
Thus, while Massachusetts furnished one
hundred and ninety-seven regiments and bat-
talions less than New York, on the plea of
war expenditures up to the 21st of Decem-
ber, 1868, she had drawn from the Treasury
$1,187,671 more than New York. While Mas-
sachusetts furnished one hundred and ninety
regiments and battalions less than Pennsyl-
vania, on the plea of war expenditures up to
the 21st of December, 1868, she had drawn
from the Treasury $1,392,984 more than Penn-
sylvania. While Massachusetts furnished one
hundred andsixty-two regiments and battalions
less than Ohio, on the plea of war expendi-
tures she drew from the Treasury $911,243
more than Ohio.
I now invite attention to the following reso-
lution offered by me in this House a few days
ago, and to the reason why it was not passed:
" Mr. Moiioax. X ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution for consideration at this
time:
"liesolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury
'be directed to report to this House the respective
amounts claimed by and allowed to the States
adhering to the Union, and to the citizens thereof,
for expenditures made and for losses sustained by
them during the lato eivilwar.
"Mr. butlek, of Massachusetts. i object."
defaulters—look to the treasury !
Mr. Speaker, in a Government based upon
the idea that the people have equal rights, that
the Government belongs to the people and not
the people to the Government, honesty and
economy must pervade its administration or
it will speedily perish.
In March last the following resolution passed
the House:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House a
statement of the balances due from collectors of
internal revenue who are not now in office, as such
balances appear on the books of the accountins offi-
cers of his Department on the 30th day of June,
1869; and that he also inform this House how many
and what amount of such balances have been paid
since tho 30th day of June, 1869, stating the names
of the persons from whom such balances are due,
and the names of tho persons who have paid the
balances against them since the commencement of
the present fiscal year."
On the 3d of May following the Secretary
of the Treasury responded to this resolution,
(Executive Document No. 267, second session
Forty-First Congress,) and sent to the House
the letter of the First Comptroller accompany-
ing his statement. In this letter the Comp-
troller says :
"The balances and payments, as shown by this
statement, are those which appear by accounts ad-
justed, but in many of them X have no doubt the
balances will wholly or in part disappear when
further reports and vouchers shall have been trans-
mitted to the Auditor afid been acted upon."
It will be observed that the Comptroller
says, "the balances and payments, as shown
by this statement, are those which appear by
accounts adjusted "—settled. " But," he says,
"in many of them I have no doubt the bal-
ances will wholly or in part disappear when
further reports and vouchers shall have been
transmitted to the Auditor and been acted
upon."
This report shows that there are large out-
standing balances against more than three
hundred ex-collectors, and that ten of them
stand charged as defaulters to tho amount of
about six million dollars. The total amount
of balances charged against them is not given,
but it may be safely estimated at many mil-
! lions! These balances, sir, are the taxes paid
by the people ; and it is not strange that the
people should wish to know what has become
of their money. In response to this feeling in
the country, on the 13th of December last, the
following resolution was offered by Mr. Win-
chester, of Kentucky. I read from the Globe
of December 14, 1870:
"Mr. winchester, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
"Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House a
statement of the balances due from collectors of
internal revenue who are not now in office, and the
total amount of the balances so due as they appear
on the books of the accounting officers of his De-
partment on the 30th day of June, 1870; that he fur-
ther inform this House wha t amount ot said balances
have been paid, and in detail, by whom, since the
2d day of May, 1870; the names of the collectors
who have been sued on their bonds since their re-
moval from office, with the cause of removal in each
ease; by what President said collectors were ap •
pointed, and by what President they were removed."
The resolution offered in March called for
outstanding balances on the 30th of June. 18C9,
while the resolution of December 13, calls —
First, For "a statementof the balance,; U .e
