1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order,
that this biilwas never referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and there is no evidence
on it of any such reference.
Mr. MORGAN. The point of order is made
too late.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benmamis] raises the point of order
that this bill was never referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. That is a question
of fact, not a question of order. It is a ques-
tion of fact to be determined by the Journal
of the House. The Journal clerk informs the
Chair that there is 110 record ou the Journal
that this bill ever was referred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the bill is nowbefore
the House, I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The SPEAKER. Before-tlie gentleman can j
make that motion it would be necessary to i
reconsider the vote by which tb.e main ques- |
tion was .ordered. \
Mr. MORGAN. If it be a fact that the bill ]
was not formally referred to the Committee
011 Military Affairs I ask whether it is not com-
petent for the committee to report it as an
oiiginal bill?
The SPEAKER. Unlessa reference is made
to a committee by the House it is not com-
petent for a committee to report a bill on
any subject, especially on a subject which
by the rules of the House more appropriately
belongs to another committee. No commit-
tee has any right to origiuate a bill except
the Committee on Appropriations, and its
power to do so is in pursuance of law. That
committee originates bills by direction of gen-
eral law. But with that exception no com-
mittee has the right to originate bills.
Mf. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a parliamentary inquiry. Suppose that a peti-
tion on any given subject has been referred to
any committee, would not that carry with it
the right to the committee to report on that
subject?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I ask
whether there have not been petitions on that
subject referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs ?
Mr. NEGLEY. There have ; and this bill
has been reported in consequence.
The SPEAKER. The record would show if
that be the fact. If the committee had peti-
tions to that effect referred to it, of course
that would be a groundwork for this bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. I rise to ask a parliament-
ary question. I inquire of the Chair whether
the previous question has not been seconded,
and whether it is, therefore, not too late to
raise the point of order?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has been seconded, but it is never too late to
raise a point of order. This, however, is a
matter on which the Chair cannot rule. It is a
question of fact for the Journal of the House
to determine. Xhe Chair has stated, that if
petitions on this subject have been referred to
the committee that would be a groundwork
for the bill. But the regular parliamentary
practice would be to report back those peti-
tions, in order to show the groundwork on
which the bill rested.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It has not been shown
that any petitions relating to the subject, of a
nature corresponding with this bill, have been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
That is not the appropriate committee to con-
sider pension matters at all.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 would remark to the
member from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] that
he does not help the Pension Committee by
occupying the time which belongs to the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. BENJ AM IN. And I would remark to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mobgax] that
the iCommittee on Pensions never assumes
jurisdiction in matters which do not belong
to it.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded, and the main question
ordered, the question is now, "Shall this bill be
engrossed and read a third time?"
Mr, BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
The question was put; and there were on a
division—ayes 34, noes 87.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. To allow the engrossment
of the bill, I make the motion that the House
adjourn.
Mr. NEGLEY. While regretting that the j
time of the committee should be used up in j
this way, I must ask the yeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 7, nays 182, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bird. Cleveland, Dox, XIaight.
Stiles, Sweeney, andVan Trump—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler. Arnelf.
Asper.Atwood, Axtell. Ayer, Bailey.Barnum, Barry,
Beaman. Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton. Be-
th une, Biggs, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bookor, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burr. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick B. Butler, Cess-
na, Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb. Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn. Conger, Conner, Cook. Corker,
Cowies.Cox.Crebs, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Duke, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,
Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haldeman, Hale, Hamhle-
ton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Ileflin,
Hour, Hoge, ilolman, Holmes. Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian. Iielley. Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knapp.Laflin.Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Long, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, MeOor-
mick, McCrary, McGrew, McKee. MeKenzie. Me-
Neely, Mereur, Bliakim H, Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mutagen,
Myers, Negley, Newsham. Niblack, O'Neill, Pack-
aril, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck,Perce, Phelps,
Piatt, Pomero.v. Porter, Potter, Price. Prosser, Rai-
ney, Randall, Beeves, Biee, Rogers. Roots, Sawyer,
Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith. William J. Smith. Worthington U.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
. . . 1 , n. 1 . £1*-.      — vt 'P.-, nn/ii* fPn T  I s\
Wallace, Cadwa'lader C. Washburn, William B.
AVashburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore.Willard.AYil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. W ilson, >1 itchcr,
Wolf. Wood, Woodward, and Young—182.
N OX VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Banks, Beck, Bowen, JJoyd, James Brooks, Burdett,
Cake, Calkin, Sidney Clarke,CuUom, DarraU, Dawes,
Dickey,Dickinson. Nathan F.Dixon, Mdridge, .box,
GilfiUflo, Hawkins, Hays, Hill, Hotchkiss. Judd.kel-
logff, Knott, Losran, Manning, McCarthy, Mimes,
Orth, Packer, William W. Paine, Peters. Poland,
Sanford. Sargent, Shober, Stone, Strickland, Synher,
Tafte, Ward, Welker, Wilkinson, Winans, and Win-
chester—50,
So the House refused to adjourn.
The bill being now engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
USELESS MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 569)
to provide for the disposition of useless mili-
tary reservations.
The bill was read. It authorizes and em-
powers the Secretary of War to transfer to the
custody and control of the Secretary of the
Interior, for disposition according to the exist-
ino- laws of the United States relating to the
public lands, the United States military res-
ervations at Forts Lane and Walla-Walla, m
the State of Oregon; Fort Zarah, in the State
, of Kansas; Camp McGarry, in the state ot
j Nevada ; Fort Sumner, in the lemtory of INew
Mexico ; Forts Jesup and Sabine, in the State
of Louisiana; Fort Wayne, in the State of
Arkansas ; Fort Collins, in the Territory of Col-
orado; Fort Dakota, in the Territory of Dakota ;
and such portions of the reservation at Fort
Bridger, in the Territory of Wyoming, as may
no longer be required for military purposes. Id
provides that the. Secretary of the Interior,
whenever in his opinion the public interests
require it, shall cause any of the foregoing res-
ervations or parts thereof to be subdivided into
tracts of less than forty acres each or into town
lots. It also provides that each subdivision
shall be appraised and offered separately at
public outcry to the highest bidder, after which
the unsold lands or lots shall be subject to sale
at private entry for the appraised value at the
proper land office. It is further provided that
should there be improvements of buildings
or building materials, or other valuable prop-
erty, the Secretary of the Interior shall have
them appraised, and that no patent shall issue
until the improvements are paid for at the ap-
praised value, under such regulations as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior,
The second section grants the right to Dalles
City to use the water of Mill creek, flowing
through the military reservation at Fort Dallas,
and the right to convey the same through the
said reservation for the purpose of supplying
Dalles City with water, and for manufacturing
purposes. The third section grants permission
to the corporate authorities of Dalles City to
extend Liberty street, on the line of the same,
through the reservation, and grants to the said
city the lands lying east of that line in fee,
upon payment of five dollars an acre; the lands
granted to be surveyed under the direction of
the surveyor general of Oregon at the expense
of Dalles City.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league to allow me to move to amend the bill
by inserting the words "Fort Smith, Ark-
ansas," in the list. A special bill to dispose
of that reservation was introduced by me and
referred to the committee, and by adding Fort
Smith to this list of reservations we shall cover
that case.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPINK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to strike out the words "Fort Dakota,
in the Territory of Dakota." _ Iwould say that
that was provided for by a bill of last session,
and it has already been vacated as a military
reservation, and is open to settlement under
the homestead and preemption laws.
Mr. MORGAN. I cannot yield for that
amendment.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BERGEN HEIGHTS ARSENAL.
Mr. MORGAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 10) directing the Secretary of War to
sell Bergen Heights arsenal.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of War to sell, at
public auction to the highest bidder, the lands
and tenements belonging to the United States
situate in the county of Hudson, in the State
of New Jersey, and known as Bergen Heights
arsenal, the sale to be made on the ground,
after thirty days' notice in the Newark (New
Jersey) Daily Advertiser, and the -evening
Courier; in the Daily limes and the livening
Journal, of Jersey City, New Jersev ; and m
the New York limes and the New Xoik iii*
bun*. The proceeds arising iYom the smd ;;ale
il are to be paid into the JLVeasury of the U
