120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Income Tax—Mr. Morgan.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
from collectors of internal revenue who are not
now in office, and the total amount of the bal-
ances so due as they appear on the books of
the accounting officers of his Department on
the 30th of June, 18(0."
Second. "That he furtherinform this House
what amount of said balances have been paid,
in detail, and by whom, since the 2d day of
May, 1870."
Third. Also "the names of the collectors
"who have been sued on their bonds since their
removal from office.'''
Fourth. "The cause of their removal."
Fifth. "By what President they'were ap-
pointed."
Sixth. "By what President they were re-
moved."
These, sir, are vital queries. It is due to
the country, as it is due to the persons charged
with large balances against them on the books
of the Treasury, that the facts should be fully
and fairly made known. Strange to say,
more than two months have elasped since
the passage of that resolution, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has not yet deigned to
reply. Why were these three hundred col-
lectors removed? If the balances are still
unpaid, why have not the collectors been sued
on their bonds? In the hope that the House
would require the Secretary of the Treasury
to comply with its directions, on tlje 31st of
January, 1871, Mr. Winchester offered the
following resolution. I read from the Daily
Giobe of February 1 instant:
"Mr. Winchester. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following preamble and resolution:
"Whercason the 13th of December, 1870, thefollow-
ing resolution, to wit:
'* 'liesotved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House a
statement of the balances due from collectors of
internal revenue who arc not now in office, and the
total amount of the balances so due as they appear
on tho books of the accounting officers of his Depart-
ment on the 30th day of June, 1870; that he further
intorin tiiis llouso what amount of said balances
bare been paid, and in detail, by whom, since the
2d day of May,1870; the names of thocollectors who
have been suod on their bonds since their removal
from office. with the cause of removal in each case;
by what President said collectors were appointed,
and by what President they were removed,'
passed this House by a unaniraousvote: Therefore,
itrexofaed. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this llouso the cause of his
non-compliance with said resolution.
"Mr. Jddd. Iobjeot."
The Secretary of the Treasury not only fails
to answer the House resolution, but the cham-
pions of the Administration '"object" to a
resolution calling upon the Secretary for an
explanation. Hence, sir, I bring this matter
to the attention of the House and country,
that it may be known how this Government is
administered. And I now ask, is the country
to be informed of the extent of these defalca-
tions or not?
Mr. NEGLEY. Ir> this estimate that you
have do you include as defaulters all whose
accounts ar:- 'msettled?
Mr. MORGAN. I will answer the gentle-
man. He calls these unadjusted accounts.
The Comptroller says they are adjusted.
Among the more than three hundred names
given there is a remark opposite the name of
one, and only one of them, to this effect:
"Probably there is nothing due from Mr. Lit-
tler." There are upward of three hundred of
these men, and it is only stated in the ease of
one of them that nothing is "probably" due.
I made these charges last campaign in Dela-
ware, in my State. Senator Sherman replied
to me about ten days afterward, and in the
course of his remarks he said "there are
probably ten defaulters, but no more." He
said there were probably ten defaulters, be-
cause 1 had named ten. My friend, General
Garfield, who I regret is not here to-night,
when 1 met him in debate during the canvass,
said there were probably thirty defaulters, but
no more. He said thirty, because I com-
plained that only thirty out of more than three
hundred had been sued.
Mr. NEGLEY. What per cent, is that out
of the whole number?
Mr. MORGAN. Thirty defaulters! There
are more than three hundred of them. I
charge, and this document shows, that instead
of there being thirty defaulters there are more
than three hundred.
Mr. NEGLEY. But the gentleman assails
the reputation of these gentlemen, and puts
them on trial before the country.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman can answer
me when I am through. Now, sir, what has
taken place here? I tell you,'sir, that your
Secretary of the Treasury, and that you, the
Republican members upon this floor, are afraid
of investigation. Else why has not the reso-
lution of the 13th of December been answered?
Itisnowtvo months and one day ago, since
that resolution was adopted, and not one word
has come from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Again and again has Mr. Winchester since
then been on his feet, with a resolution in his
hand seeking to obtain the information, and
you dare not let the resolution pass. Now,
sir, if injustice is doneto any oneof these three
hundred ex-collectors the fault is the fault of
the Secretary of the Treasury. Why did he
not inform Congress of these defalcations be-
fore the resolution of March last was passed by
the House? Why did he wait until he was
directed to tell the House what amount of bal-
ances were due from "collectors not now in
office ? Had not the House the right to know ?
Have the people no rights left ?
Mr. Speaker, I would do no one injustice ;
but I believe that this Government is rotting
out at the very core, and hence I perform this
unpleasant duty, in the hope that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will fairly and explicitly
report to the House the facts sought for by
these resolutions. Sir, this is not the only
instance in which the Secretary has failed to
answer resolutions of inquiry. It is system-
atic both in the House and at the Treasury
to conceal important facts from the counti/.
These wrongs are committed by those who
assume to be the leaders, but who are, in fact,
the betrayers of the Republican party, as they
are the betrayers of the whole people. Sir,
the doors of the Treasury need to be opened 1
The books of the Treasury need to exam-
ined! It is high time the people knew what
has become of the fearful amount of money
which lias been wrung from them in the shape
of taxes.
Mr. Speaker, if among these three hundred
names there be one honest man, or ten honest
men, or fifty honest men, to whom injustice
has been done by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the fault is his, not mine. The resolution
of Mr. Winchester calls upon the Secretary
of the Treasury to inform this House why
these persons were removed; and the Secre-
tary has failed to reply.
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Speaker-
Mr. MORGAN. A question only.
Mr. NEGLEY. My object in making the
inquiry 
Mr. MORGAN. That is not a question
at all.
Mr. NEGLEY. When I made that inquiry
about Mr. Littler, whom the gentleman has
been pleased to name in this connection, it
was for the purpose of saying that Mr. Littler
was reported as a defaulter, and for two years
sought to have his accounts adjusted; and yet
his is among the names reported here by the
gentleman.
Mr. MORGAN. And I have said that oppo-
site to the name of Mr. Littler is the remark
that "probably nothing is due from Mr. Lit-
tler."
Mr. NEGLEY. Well, sir, after two years'
attempt to have his accounts adjusted, they
have been adjusted; and it was found that
instead of his owing anything to the Govern-
ment there was $1,700 duo to him.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 am glad to learn that one
out of the three hundred is not a defaulter,
and hope there may be others.
Mr. NEGLEY. Will the gentleman tell how
many more are not defaulters also ?
Mr. MORGAN. Until the Secretary of
the Treasury answers the resolution we have
passed I charge that they all appear upon the
records of the office as defaulters, and they are
reported officially to Congress as having bal-
ances charged against them.
Mr. NEGLEY. They are not reported as
defaulters; there is no decision of any court
against them.
Mr. MORGAN. We all understand how
this thing is managed. We understand, and,
thank God, the people are beginning to under-
stand. how this machine called the Govern-
mentis "run." And the people are beginning
to demand, and will demand, without regard
to party, that the millions upon millions which
have gone into the hands of these men shall
be accounted for. You will not be allowed to
retain power for the express purpose of avoid-
ing scrutiny into your acts. This money, this
vast treasure, comes from the people.
Mr. BURCHARD. One rema-k.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no time to yield for
remarks. I will yield for a question.
Mr. BURCHARD. Well, a question, then.
Is it not the fact that this matter is explained
in the report of the Auditor that, these men were
old appointees, the most of them appointed
under Andrew Johnson's administration?
Mr. MORGAN. That is not the case; and
Mr. Winchester propounds the question to
your Secretary of the Treasury, and your Sec-
retary fails to answer. He asks the Secretary
through his resolution by whom these collect-
ors were appointed and by whom they were
removed; yet your Secretary loeke himself
up in the Treasury and fails to answer. But
suppose they were appointed by Andrew John-
son, is that a reason why Ul sses Grant should
not cause them to be sued on their bonds?
Mr. BURCHARD. These are old balances
not charged against the new collectors.
Mr. MORGAN. Why does not your Sec-
retary say so, if the answer is so simple?
Mr. BURCHARD. That is all explained
in the Auditor's report.
Mr. MORGAN. Oh, the Auditor's report!
Mr. BURCHARD. And the uaines reported
upon that list show that they were old col-
lectors, ma.iy of them appointed by Andrew
Johnson, and some of them I knew person-
ally.
Mr. MORGAN. The statement of the gen-
tleman that all these collectors were appointed
by Andrew Johnson is not the fact. If the
fentleman can induce his Secretary of the
'reasury to reply he will tell the country that
such a statement is not true.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will name some of
them.
Mr. MORGAN. "Some" out of three
hundred!
Mr. BURCHARD. I can name some of
them.
Mr. NEGLEY. And does not the gentle-
man know that the Government holds bonds
against them ?
Mr. MORGAN. Then why does not the
Government bring suit on those bonds ? How
happens it that that famous member of your
party in New York, Sheridan Shook, against
whom is a balance of $1,500,000 in round
numbers, has not been sued upon his bond 1
There are bonds, but suits are not brought
upon the bonds.
This is a very plain case. The House passed
a resolution directing the Secretary—not re-
questing, but directing the Secretary of tho
