1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23,113 farm.?, of one hundred and sixty aercs each,
tu the column ot productive wealth. The preemp-
tion law would become a dead letter, through the
pressure for surveyed Jands, and the check which
would be given to railway extension, foreign immi-
gration, and the progress of settlement in the most
desirable portions of our frontiers; in a word, our
land poiioy, which, is working out such grand re-
sults, would be radically revolutionized in the inter-
est of monopolists, who would lavish curses innum-
erable upon corning generations. In his iate mes-
sage the President well says that "the remarkable
grow th and prosperity of our new States and Terri-
tories attest the wisdom of the legislation which
invites the tiller of the soil to gecure a permanent
home on terms within the reach of all. The pioneer
who incurs the dangers and privations of a fron-
tier life, and thus aids in laying the foundation of
new Commonwealths, renders a signal service to
In* couutry, and is entitled to its special favor and
protection. These laws secure that object, and
largely promote the general welfare. They should,
thereiore, be cherished as a permanent feature
of our land hybtem." Fully agreeing with these
views, we must decidedly protest against the policy
proposed. The principle of settlement should be
adhered to as a vital one. The measure before us
is wanting alsu in equity, in giving to all soldiers,
irrespective of the service rendered, the same
bounty. This equity could only be properly pro-
vided lor by a bounty in money graded in amount
according to the time of service, as prescribed in
the bill which has repeatedly passed the^House of
Representatives, and as repeatedly been ignored in
the Senate. We are in favor of such equalization of
bounties. If land is what the soldier wants he can
have it now on the easy terms of the homestead law.
The committee, however, would gladly favor Inmby
a just bounty in land in any manner that shall not
surrender the wholesome policy of the Government
in requiring the actual occupancy and tillage of the
land appropriated, They are williug, therefore, to
fchor.eu the time of occupancy, and to discriminate
in his favor according to the term of his service, by
allowing that term, whether long or short, to be
counted as apartot the five years'settlement now
prescribed by law. This advantage to the soldier
over the civilian, while it would not abandon the
existing policy of our laws, we believe would be j ust
and well deserved; and the committee therefore
respectfully report the following bill, being substi-
tute for House resolution No. 2681, and for the vari-
ous: propositions which have been referred to them
on the subject.
Mr. CRBBS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
The SPEAKER. One amendment to that
substitute is already pending, and the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Crebs] cannot be entertained except by unan-
imous consent. If there be no objection, the
amendment will be received, andwillbeordered
to be printed along with the others.
There being no objection,
Mr. CREBS offered the following amend-
ment:
Add to the substitute of Mr. Holman thefollowing
as an additional seetion:
And be it further enacted, That any non-eommis-
sioned officer or private, either in th e military, naval,
or marine service of the United States during the late
war for the suppression of the rebellion, or any 01
the former wars of the Republic, who have not here-
tofore received lands as a bounty from the Govern-
ment, and who may have served three months or
less and have been honorably discharged from such
service, shall be entitled to a land warrant jrorn tbe
Uovernmeut to locate forty acres of any lands owned
and held by the Government, at $1 2a per acre, in
any of the States or Territories ot the Union; and
any person who has served as aforesaul one year or
lo--i anu shall have been honorably discharged, shall
be entitled to a bind warrant to locate eighty acres
of any lands owned and held by the Government at
512> ner acre, or foi ty acres of any lan<is owned and
held by the Government at $2 50 per acre, as afore-
said • and any person who has served as aforesaid
two years or less, and shall have been honorably■dis-
charged from the service as aforesaid, shall be enti
tied to a land warrant to locate himdrec1 and
sixty acres of any lands owned and held by the Gov
ernment at $1 28 per acre, or eighty acres o .MU.J
held by the Government at $2 50 per aere, as aioiesdia.
agricultural college funds.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arxell.J
Mr. AltNELL. After consultation with the
gentleman from California) [Mr. Sargext,] it
is agreed that I now report back, With amend-
ments, from the Committee on Education and
Labor, tbe bill (H. R. No. 2117) tor the better
security of agricultural college funds, that the
bill be ordered to be printed and recommitted,
and also be printed in the Globe, lo-morrow,
at the conclusion of the moritltig hour, I shall
ask the House to devote bait au hour to tbe
consideration of tliis subject.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be ordered
to be printed and recommitted: and, if there
be no objection, it will be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection.
The bill, as amended by the committee, i&
as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent*-
ahves of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be ascertained the amount of
land scrip issued to the several States and Territo-
ries in pursuance of the act of July 2,1862, entitled
"An act donating public fund3 to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and industrial arts/' and of all
acts and parts of acts and resolutions amendatory
thereof and supplementary thereto, the date of issue
and the person to whom issued, the disposition made
thereof by the several States and Territories, the
manner in which proceeds have been invested and
are now held, what institutions have been estab-
lished or endowed pursuant to said acts, and the
amount of funds actually received by each; and he
shall inake report touching all the requirements of
this act to the two Houses of Congress at the com-
mencement of each regular session.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no change
shall be made in the investment of said funds, or oi
any part thereof, without the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior; nor shall the endowment of any
collegiate institution originally made under the pro-
visions of said acts, be abated, withdrawn, or other-
wise diminished under any pretense, or any other
disposition made of the funds constituting such en-
dowment, or of any part thereof, without the sanction
and approval of the Secretary of the Interior, made
upon an examination and report of the Commissioner
of Education, , , rt„ , , ...
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That whoever shall
be guilty of embezzling the Said funds, or the inter-
est accruing thereon, or shall knowingly and will-
fully misapply the same, or appropriate, or cause to
be appropriated, and suffer or permit to be appro-
priated, the same or any part thereof to any object,
use, institution, or establishment other than to the
collegiate institution originally holding the same
as an endowment, or shall willfully withhold and re-
fuse to pay, on properly authorized application, the
said funds or any partthereoftosuch collegiate insti-
tution without the sanction and approval of the bec-
retary of the Interior first obtained,shall, for every
such offense, be fined not exceeding $p,000 and im-
prisoned not exceeding five years; or, for the ottense
of willfully withholding any of the said funds, the
person so offending shall be liable to punishment for
each and every month the same are so withheld as
for, a separate and distinct offense. And jurisdiction,
civil and criminal, over all the matters in this act
contained, and over the said agricultural college
funds for their better investment and taithiul appli-
cation according to the true intent and meaning ot
this act, is vested in the circuit courts of the United
^Sec*" 4 And be it further enacted, That in ease any
State shall have failed or may hereafter fail to com-
ply with the conditions upon which said scrip shall
have been issued to said State, or with any engage-
ment or contract with the United States, entered
into by such State in consideration ot such issue, it
shall be the duty of the Attorney.General of the
United States to file a bill in equity in the Supreme
Court of the United States against said State m the
name of the United States tor the enforcement of
«aid condition or contract. The Supreme Corn tot
the United States is hereby vested with jurisdiction
in equity over the subject-matter of such bill, and
shall have power to make all such orders and decrees
and issue such processes as may be necessary to carry
into execution the purposes of this act.
RELIEF OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. PACKARD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs a joint resolution declaring the meaning
of the joint resolution approved July 11, 1870,
entitled "A joint resolution for the relief of
certain officers of the Army."
.Mr. DAWES. I hope that we will not pass
any more resolutions of that character under
these circumstances. I object.
SESSION ON THE 4TH Of MARCH NEXT.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish the
attention of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. Before we go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Lmon
on the Indian appropriation bill to-uay, 1
desire to ask the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations what is the probable intention
of his associates respecting the assembling ot
Congress on the 4th of March next. I desire
to know in order to guide my conduct m the
introduction of bills here and action on bills
when presented, for it is obvious if the session
is practically to be continued we can delibeiu-ue
more on matters now before the House. I am
deeply interested in the matter of tariff reform,
and if the session is to close on the 4th of
March I propose to introduce action, as soon
as the rules of the House will permit, for a
reform in the duties on imports. It is for that
purpose, and that alone, I desire an answer to
that question from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, of coarse what-
ever I may say here is my own private opinion.
As the law now stands it must be obvious to
the gentleman from New York tliat there must
be a session on the 4th of March next. I see-
no indication that the law will be repealed,,
much to my own personal regret. And if
Congress assembles on the-4th of March, (if
the gentleman desires my private opinion for
what it is worth,) I see no reason or reasonable
expectation tkat'Congress will adjourn before
the middle of April or the 1st of May. I can
find no encouragement to say or believe myself
that there will be a shorter session if the next
Congress assembles on the 4th of March next.
I should myself do all I could to have it close
in a single day or a single week or at the
earliest period, but in the face of experience
and what must be the inevitable consequence
of the assembling of Congress on the 4th of
March; I make the prophecy that if the next-
Congress meets on the 4th of March next it-
will not adjourn before the middle of April
or the 1st of May. Still, I see no indication,
no hope or expectation, that the law will be?
repealed compelling Congress to meet on the
4th of March next.
enrolled joist resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 460) declaratory of the meaning of the f
act entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July 14,
1870; when the Speaker signed the same. -
LEAVK OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence, by unanimous consent,
was granted to Mr. Kellogg for three days
from to-day; to Mr. Milnes for one week ; to
Mr. Packard for to-morrow; and to Mr. Arm-
strong for two days.
MRS. JANET II. BE KAY.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of Mrs. Janet H.
De Kay.
national bank, greenfield, oiiio.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
bill and papers in the case of the national
bankj Greenfield, Ohio, for relief; which were
laid on the table by an adverse report of the
Committee of Claims.
john webster.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House ot
the papers in relation to the claim ot John
Webster.
william p. preston.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of thd papers in
in the case of William P. Preston, relating to
compensation for expenses in d contest for a
seat in the House of Representatives.
ezra kipp.
On motion of Mr. PAINB, of Wisconsin, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal of the petition and accompanying
papers of Ezra Kipp.
MRS. A. II. THOMPSON.
On motion of Mr. SHELDON, of New York,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted lor
the withdrawal from the files of the House ot
thepapersin the case of Mrs. A. H.Thompson.
