1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
ment<s, the people of my State went oat against ^
those Indians and helped to put them down,
and some of our best and bravest men, citizens
of my own county, fell there under Indian bul-
lets. Since we have organized the Indian
service there, there have been no massacres
in his own State, and the result has been that
the Government has been saved thousands and
millions of dollars for military operations,
while the Indians liave been kept peaceable
by giving them during the hard winter a few-
cattle and a few blankets to cover their naked-
ness.
Now I do not believe that the gentleman
from Nevada, with the sentiments he enter-
tains, is a proper judge as to the treatment
we should maintain toward the Indians in
liis own State. I have studied the record of
Indian affairs in that State, and I know that
under the present policy of the President good
has been done and is being done to the Indians
there, although the amount we appropriate for
them is a mere pittance. We give them but
$lo,000, besides the salary of a single agent
in that State. We have taken away the Indian
superintendent on the score of economy, and
required the agent there to report directly to
the Indian department. The whole Indian ser-
vice in that State is conducted on a scale of the
most rigid economy. I do not think that the
Indians receive no benefit. 1 know of one res-
ervation where there are a great many families
of Indians, and where, during the last year,
there was a canal dug for fertilizing purposes.
To withdraw from these Indians, and from
these alone, any help to save them from starv-
ation, would be a great cruelty. It would be
an exceptional instance, which I do not think
Congress ought to make. Furthermore, down
on the borders of his State, toward Arizona,
there are wandering tribes where this money is
expended, and expended to good purpose, in
keeping the peace. I was requested by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to increase the
appropriation in order that he might have
commensurate means to feed these restless
Indians during the winter season._
I called tke attention of the Indian Commis-
sioner to the fact that the Indian tribes to
which the gentleman refers were upon the
boundary line, and that they roamed in Ari-
zona and Nevada, and that consequently the
appropriations for Arizona, which were con-
siderably larger, might possibly be used for this
purpose, and that with what could be spared
from the appropriation for Nevada he would
be enabled to feed them. It would be entirely
injudicious to strike out this appropriation, and
I hope it will not be done.
Mr. FITCH. I move to strike out the last
word of the paragraph, for the purpose of
saying that my friend from California [Mr.
Sargent] does me great injustice in endeavor-
ing to place in my mouth sentiments which I
certainly never uttered upon this floor or else-
where. Although I have n® particular liking
for the Indians; although I never met any
whom I considered especially valuable to the
country ; yet I never said that in my opinion
'■the dead Indians were the only good
Indians." .
In a speech which I made on this floor last
session in reference to a certain land grant I
stated in substance that a sentiment had grown
up in the frontier country which shocked the
ears of uninformed civilization, and which
might be expressed in the sentence that ^tlle
oniy good Indians were the dead Indians. I
did not give that as my sentiment either then
or now, although then, as now, I might have
an opinion in reference to the Indians that
would not entirely disagree with that idea.
Now, sir, it is true that, owing in part to
the valor of the'constituents of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] the Indians
of Nevada were made peaceable. But such
result was not achieved by virtue of any appro-
priations of money ; it was by virtue of some
very hard fighting and the sacniice of most
valuable lives. Before the Indian war in the
territory of Nevada there were, I believe, ap-
propriations made for the Indians inhabiting
that country largely in excess of the appropri-
ations here proposed; and yet they were turbu-
lent and aggressive, where now they are quiet
and peaceable. Therefore it would seem that
something else than an appropriation for agents
and blankets has made thgm peaceable.
The gentlemaH from California [Mr. Sar-
gext] speaks of the great value of these
Indian agents. I happen to know of one
instance, in the mining town where I resided
for a few months in the summer of-1869, where
a sub-agent appointed under the new theory
was given charge of the Indians of that por-
tion of Nevada. I do not mean the last new
theory of giving the agencies to preachers, but
the theory of the spring of 1860, of appointing
Army officers. This man of whom I speak
received an appointment as sub-agent from the
Army officer in charge of the Nevada superin-
tendency, and then occupied his time in teach-
ing a dancing-school. [Laughter.] If he ever
went near the Indians, or did anything but
draw his $1,500 a year, it was never brought
to my knowledge. I do not know that the
amendment I have moved would, if adopted,
reach that particular sub-agent; but it would
affect the power which otherwise might give
us another dancing-master, or perchance a
singing-master, to take the place of the present
incumbent.
I learn from public rumor that in accord-
ance with the new policy of the Adminis-
tration these Indian agencies are to be distrib-
uted among the different religious denomina-
tions, and that a Baptist is to be appointed for
Nevada. He may or maynotbe competent for
the place, and experienced in the ways of the
savages, but he must be a Baptist. That is
another rtason for my moving to strike out
the appropriation for Nevada.^ No selection
more unfortunate could possibly be made.
Such a selection would necessitate the taking
there of materials for boring artesian wells;
for, unless like Moses, the agent could obtain
water by smiting the rocks, or unless he should
inaugurate a sect of dry Baptists, his agency
would fail of usefulness, for in many places
there is not water enough in the country to
enable him to run the agency upon that peculiar
basis. [Laughter.] I say this with no feeling
of hostility to the Indians of Nevada, because
they are generally peaceable and harmless. I
venture to say that not one dollar in ten of
the money appropriated here will be obtained
by the Indians. Where appropriations have
been made heietofore forsupplymg the Indians
with blankets you might, the day after the dis-
tribution was made, go all the country over
and not find one Indian in fifty with a blanket:
but they would he all found tied up in pack-
ages in some trader's store in convenient prox-
imity to the office of the agent, the Indians
having sold them immediately for whisky, or
for powder, or for silver with which to gam-
ble at cards.
As for the reservations for the Indians, of
which my friend from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] speaks, they are not occupied to any
extent. "The noble red man'' may be found
on the ranches or in the mining towns, but
seldom on the reservations. His services can
be procured to chop a little wood, to bring
water, or to break rock. He will beg, or will
steal when he can, but he will not go near
any reservation. They gain no benefit from
them, and I venture the assertion that no hos-
tilities have been prevented by these reserva-
tions in all the parts of Nevada that I have
ever traveled over. •
I have moved to strike out this appropria-
tion, as I have before stated, from no spirit ot
hostility to the Indians or the Indian depart-
ment, but because I consider the appropria-
tion an unnecessary one. As i have touncl
occasion heretofore to ask the House, in the
exeicise of its wisdom and liberality, to make
appropriations for Nevada which I considered
necessary, so when there is brought to my
notice an appropriation which I deem unneces-
sary I will in all candor ask the House to strike
it out. If my friend from California differs
with me as to the policy of this appropriation,
if he insists upon forcing this expenditure of
money upon us, I do not know that I care to
carry the contest to a division ; but I shall at
least have done my duty and cleared my skirts
by making the motion that this money shall
not be expended, and that this sum, small
though it may be, shall be saved to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SARGENT. I have nothing.to say as
to the taste of the gentleman's allusion to the
religious element that the Administration is
introducing into the conduct of Indian affairs.
I will say, however, that so far as I have been
able to ascertain by some study of the facts,
I believe very great reforms have been intro-
duced in every direction under the President's
policy as to the conduct of Indian affairs ; that
so far as this policy has been allowed to have
full effect it has been extremely beneficial both
to the Indians and to the Treasury; that the
money which we have appropriated has gono
further and produced greater benefits than
have heretofore resulted from expenditures of
this character. If it be true that the shame-
less agent to whom the gentleman alludes is
now in office, and I do not understand the
gentleman to assert that he is, his displace-
ment by any man vcho may be indorsed for the
position by any respectable body of Christians
like the Baptist, will be a great improvement.
At any rate, there can be no disadvantage in
such a change.
The gentleman says that the Indians were
put down by the military power of the Govern-
ment, or rather by the fighting of the citizens
of California, who went to the relief of the
people of his own State when an Indian war
was raging there. That is true ; but why have
not the flames of Indian war broken out there
again ? Simply because the Government said
to those Indians, as it said to Red Cloud and
his associates when they hung over Minnesota,
"If you will cease depredating upon our peo-
ple, if you will behave yourselves, we will take
into consideration the fact that the influx of
our population about you cuts off your oppor-
tunities for hunting, that running railroads
through your country deprives you of the means
of subsistence, and we will, out of the Ireasury
of the Government, furnish you something in
the way of tribute, if you please." _ At any
rate it'was believed by Congress, in initiating
the policy which for a few years past has been
carried out under our appropriation bills, that
it was cheaper as well as more humane to feed
the Indians than to fight them.
The expenditure involved here is very slight.
I believe that the gentleman from Nevada,
with the lively imagination which he possesses,
exaggerates when he says that but one dollar in
fifty of the money we appropriate reaches the
Indians. I believe that in the administration
of our Indian affairs, as well as elsewhere,
1 there is an effort to secure rigid accountability
and careful expenditure of the public money,
and that this appropriation, small as it is, will
be well applied to the purpose intended. I
tnust the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. FLTCH. I withdraw my formal amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Fitch, it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman who has charge of this bill whether
there is not a mistake of printing the twentieth,
twenty-first, and twenty-second lines. Ihe
language as printed is as follows :
Eleven for the tribes east of theRocky mountains;
two for the tribes eastof the Rocky mountains; six
for tho Indians eastof the Kooky mountains, namely.
Mr. SARGENT. The reason the bill is
drawn in that fbiMn is that these difleient
agents were authorized by different statutes,
