i5feo
GIOBE.
February 23,
tain the sense of the Senate upon tie general
subject before it. ., . ,=; - f 
I am not prepared to sky that any one city
should be allowed to monopolize this occasion!
It is very likely true, that it should be given to
different places, that States; and groups of
States acting together should be permitted to.
hold this celebration under the,advantages of
the auspices of the nation,..whatever they may-
be. Bat if it comes to the question whether
a great multitude of ^people; can, go with the
greatest facility to Philadelphia, or , to New
York, and can be accommodated with the
greatest, comfort in Philadelphia, or iu New
York, then I shall submit, with great confi-
dence, to. the judgmedt of the Senate that New
York should have preference in the selection.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator froin Penn-
sylvania does not like me to occupy the time,
and,, in deference to his wish, I will not oc-
cupy the time; but I will make one additional
suggestion only. The right, as I think it has
been called upon some of the ticcasions when
thisbill.has been introduced, the right asserted
"by Philadelphia, grows out of the assertion
that thejre came from Philadelphia first this
suggestion. Now, sir, I have the evidence to
show that long before this suggestion was made
in Philadelphia men in New York were,at
work upon tffis very idea, and preparing for
it; and if any preference is to be given grow-
ing out of the originality of the, suggestion
that preference is due to New York, and not
to Philadelphia. My honorable friend, on a
previous occasion, put it as if we were trying
to take away fronij Philadelphia something
that Philadelphia had, suggested; , as if we
were trying to pilfer or plagiarize,some idea
from Philadelphia. I make no charge that
anybody has pilfered this idea from some
one else. I gay, however, and l am prepared
to show, that gentlemen connected with the
American Institute of New York conceived
this scheme long anterior to the first time of
which we have ever heard that anybody in
Philadelphia was engaged upon it.
It is said that the celebration ought to take
place at Philadelphia by reason of occurrences
in the early history of the country. I submit
to the Senator from Pennsylvania—and no
man is more practical than he—that that is
merely a sentimental suggestion, wholly senti-
mental, and, I think, carrying but very little
weight. If it bo true that this celebration will
be more creditable, more successful, in the
city of Philadelphia, if it is tQ.be. held, than it
would be anywhere else,, it ought to go(there.
If the Senate has heard tjie eviden^e, has con-
sidered the subject, is prepared to determine
it, and comes to that conclusion, I shall have
no fault to find with the result when it is arrived
at. If, on the contrary, it is true.that, because
of greater railway facilities, because of more
sufficient modes of access, the city of Ne.w
York is a more convenient ;place and will.be
a more successful place for the holding of this
celebration, and that the great multitude ex-
pected to assemble, wljen there, will have
greater comforts of subsistence, tetter accom-
modations, and better opportunity to see and
participate in this celebration than they would
have in Philadelphia, then I say the mere senti-
mental suggestion which has been made should
vanish and the location should be^selected ac-
cording to the rules of good practical common
sense. . ,
As I said, I am not goipgio vex tf\e ear of
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,who
has a suspioion lurking about hirn thaf I want
tq talk for the purpose of .consuming, tinie.,^ I
assure him {hat i do not, and I. sdy:'to jfim
that,, in my belief, if he shall ever obt.ain.the
sanction of this body to. this bill, }hat sanction
wjll be based upon two,reasons, (.first, the good-
will $nd kiud,feeling which that Senator, pos-
sess, and deserves, stud, second, .that the
conclusion will be reached without any such
consideration or knowledge of the &tets as is
du£to the subject.. And if the honorable Sen-
ator ^ehie^es^. iijccess.of this bill, he will
ach"ieyf,|t.,^Bji,tlidsfe terms, in myfjelie'f But
I redeem w "promise not to ocdiipy time
have been equally .prdjjSr. when the tri-ceriten-
ary celebration of the, birth of /ifhaltspekre
was had in.Bnglalid, to object |o th6 Molding
of it at Stratfqrd^uppn-A^on, and tq - say tfidt
it must necessarily be iri Lbndbn;'wherk ther^
were larger hotel accommodations', a&tbsay to
the American people that the centennial anni-
versary of the birthday of our nation should
be held-at any .other place than ihthe building
where that birth took place. It would be, it
strikes me, precisely as. logical ,to say .that the
Shakspeanan tri-cen.tenary celebration should
have been, held ih the city of London, because
there, forsooth, were larger aeeoi&modations,
there, forsooth, there would.be other things
to think about than that which the people met-
for,' .as to say that you, must go to the city of
New York to celebrate the birthday of Ameri-
can independence; arid leave the hallowed
scenes where that .birth took place' behind you
and out of your recollection.
Mr. CONKLING. To ascertain the value
of my friend's suggestion; may I ask him a
question? - .
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. What would that honor-
able Senator think of a proposition to cele-
brate the birthday of Washington under
national aspices, "and confine the celebration
to one single place?
, Mr. BAYARD. I should say that Mount
Vernon, was precisely the place where the
American people should meet for a purpose
of that kind! • — --
Mr. CONKLING. But that' is not. the"
question I asked. In view of the argument
that I had made, which was not that the cele-
bration should be at New York, as the Sen-
ator says, or any other city, but which was that
we should consider whether it ought not to be
at many places and be upon a proper scale, I
ask the Senator what he would think of the
idea of one single place monopolizing by an
act of Congress the right and the privilege of
commemorating the birth of George Washing-
ton and celebrating his natal day? Every-
body would laugh at such an idea. And yet
here the hundredth birthday of all the George
Washingtons, and of all the men for whose
benefit Geqrge Washington lived and died, is
to be celebrated, and the question before us is
whether in the dark we shall give to one single
point a monopoly of celebrating the great fact
which is tq be commemorated on that day.
Mr. BAYARD. One weird only, to. say
that I heard with great mortification any ref-
erence to the celebration of the birthday of
Washington. We sat here ajl day yesterday.
Although we were able on the day before to
adjourn early for a mere matter of a spectacle,
yet on yesterday there -was but little thought
of the day in the Senate or the Congress of the
United States, but little of that memory which
I, think.it would be.so well for us to recall and
to act under, that it was the birthday of him
■syhp was the first ,in peace, the first in war, and
who should still remain the first in the hearts
of his fellow-countrymen.
Mr., SCOTT. • The clock admonishes me
that there a.re .but a few .m.oments of the time
left this mo'rpiiig.to consider this question. 1
join w.ith my oppeague in wishing to reach 4
vote,. But I desire ,to S{iy one or two words
befo^ we do v^dtej simply in answer to the
last suggestion o'f the.Sftnator from New York,
.Thei^ wer^ many things that I desired to say itt
reference' to tliis cent'epnial celebration which
I- forbear saying thai we may reach the vote
this corning,.
It is not proposed io monopolize £he csn-
t^inial celebration of thp anniversary of inde-
pendence by fixing this national celebration at
Philadelphia. .. We suppose it will be., cele-
brated all over the land, that(the younger
Adams's prophetic declaration will.be fulfilled
on that day with the boomingof eahnon and
the ringing of bells as it never his been Ji.efore.
But this is a celebration fqr. comparison. It
is > celebration for the purpose , of bringing
together the. products, of the arts and sciences
of this country in comparison with those .of
other countries, that we may see how a nation
has grown under the influence of the principles
of, the Declaration of Independence. The
Senator from New Yarji concedes that the cele-
bration ought to be held,* and tte'. only ques-
tion is, where shall it be held?. The,sugges-
tion of the Senator from Delaware is enough.
Magna Charta suggests Rtinnymecje; the, land-
ing of the Pilgrims suggests .Plymouth Rock;
and the only .place that ought to, have the
national sanction for this celebration, which
will not interfere yith all othey, celebrations,
is* the place where the, Ijeclaratioh of Inde-
pendence was born.. Tfiat is all we, ask. This
bill will give that, leaving all the details to the
commissioners and to* Congress. I hope we
shall now have a vote.
Mi-. CONKLING. , As the honorable Sen-
ator thinks the suggestion of the Senator from
Delaware is enough, I desire to make one
remark upon that suggestion, of which I was
reminded by a friend, which escaped me at the
moment. I wonder if the world would laugh
at or admire, the idea of celebrating the birth-
day of Shakspeare by an exhibition of the
world's material industries and products out
at Stratford-upon-Avon. Suppose the land-
ing of the Pilgrims was to be celebrated by a
world's fair, to. exhibit the products of indus-
try and skill; would.it excite tfie derision or
the approbation of mankind that yqu should
fix Plymouth Rock as the place for that? And
so on to tfie end of the chapter of these illus-
trations. Suppose you were to hold such an
exhibition as this, to bring from all parts of
one hemisphere the products of skill, of indus-
try, and of labor, and exhibit them in com-
memoration of the associations connected with
George Washington, and .should select Mount
Vernon as the place in which to exhibit those
wares and those congregated products of labor
and of industry; could any man propose a
greater absurdity than that ? If it, was to hold
a banquet or to hold a social celebration, as in
the. instance, to which the honorable Senator
from Delaware has referred, the casewquld be
widely different. There is a broad distinction
between the illustrations given and this thing
here proposed.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall how have
a vote.  
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment be offered the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to move at;
amendment to the bill if a vote is to be taken
upon it. I move in the first place, to test the
sense of. the Senate, to add the city of New
.York. I understand the junior Senator from
Pennsylvania to say that his idea is that it
ought to be not in any one place, but in more
than one. I propose, to test the sincerity of
that suggestion by moving to add the city of
New York.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to New
York celebrating the day as she sees proper,
but not as a national matter.
Mr. THURMAN. In this controversy be-
tween the two cities, if there is any such con?
troversy, I do not propose to take a hand. I
only saythat I should suppose the centennial'
celebration of the .anniversary of American
independence would .be most appropriately
held where that Declaration was made, that
is, in Philadelphia. But the question upon
which I should like, to have some ..light is,
what kind of at! international ceJ&W&fidn aro
