1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
you going to have ? I presume the Govern-
ment of the United States will have to foot
the bill. Are you going to have an exhibition
to redound to the honor of the country, or
otherwise? I should like to have some light
on.that point.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, when it
was proposed to hold an exposition of this sort
in the city of Washington I opposed it, not
because 1 was opposed to Washington, but
because I thought it would be a failure here;
because I thought Washington had not the
requisite facilities for having such a celebra-
tion. Now the proposition is to haye it in
Philadelphia. Philadelphia is much better
adapted to the purpose than Washington ; but
I doubt very much whether Philadelphia has
the facilities to get up a celebration that New
York has. New York appears to present
greater advantages. It seems to me this is a
serious matter and that it should not. be hur-
ried through too rapidly. If it is to be done
by private subscription, if the people are to do
it, it seems to me New York is much better
able to make an exhibition that will bes credit-
able to the United States than any other city
of the Union.
Mr. WILSON. Except Boston.
Mr. STEWAUT. I think it has more wealth
and power in that direction than Boston. If
this exhibition is to be held I should like to
see it a creditable one. I consider it a matter
of so much importance, without desiring to
take part in the controversy between the two
cities or to enter into any partisan conflict
about it, that it seems to me the measure should
be allowed to stand a sufficient time to have
the country investigate it and say what would
be most satisfactory to the whole Union, and
the pride of the Union, because this matter is
a matter of pride. Every American would be
very sensitive about an international celebra-
tion. We w^nt to make the best show we can,
not only to gratify our pride, but in the inter-
ests of science, commerce, and civilization.
When this exhibition is held we want the hearty
cooperation of the whole nation. If the city
of New York, the great center of commerce
and trade, should feel itself slighted, it seems
io me that would be a great damper to this
thing in the start.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator who
has charge of the appropriation bill will give
"us a few minutes longer to dispose of this bill.
It cannot take long. 1 shall say nothing except
to say that the city of Philadelphia is determ-
ined to make this exposition a grand success.
There is as much wealth in Philadelphia as
there is among the same population, I believe,
in any part of the world. They have as much
pride about this fair as any people can have.
They will give their means freely, and they will
have a celebration that everybody in the coun-
try will be proud of. We mean no-disrespect
to New York. New York can entertain a great
portion of the vast multitude that will come to
this grand international fair; and it will not
interfere with her glory at all. I only rose to
pledge my word that the people of Philadel-
phia, and it may be the people of Pennsylvania,
will give their millions, if necessary, to make
this exhibition creditable not only to Pennsyl-
vania, but to the whole United States.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Then what do you want
an act of Congress for?
Mri CAMERON. They only ask an act of
Congress to give it character.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The Indian appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
California will give way and allow a vote to be
taken on this bill.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 hopo we shall take the vote
on this bill. My colleague rose lor that pur-
pose, to ask that the vote be had this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will take the sense of the
Senate on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, the Indian appropriation bill being
passed over informally, subject to a demand
for the regular order.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. If the bill is to be debated
further I shall call for the regular order. I
regret very much that I have to interfere with
my colleague if he wishes to make a speech
on the subject; but we have reached that period
of the session when I cannot consent that the
appropriation bills shall go over indefinitely.
I am willing to yield barely to take the vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I had to say was
simply this: that this whole subject is too in-
teresting and too important to be disposed of
in this summary and imperfect manner, and I
should very mnch prefer that we could get this
bill taken up during the regular hours of busi-
ness, after the morning hour, to-day, or to-
morrow, or some day next week. Let us have
a full discussion of the subject.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Com] demands the regular
order. The Chair desires to state, in reply to
the suggestion of the Senator from California,
[Mr. Casserlv,] that in the present condition
of the appropriation bills it would be some-
what difficult, if an order was made, to reach
any other question except by unanimous con-
sent, so many of the appropriation bills seem
to be still behind unacted upon. Such an order
might be made, but it would be overridden by
the appropriation bills except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Indian
apDropriation bill is now pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to ask a question
of order. I presume my bill will be in order
to-morrow alter the regular business of the
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion can
be made at any time in the morning hour, after
the morning business shall have concluded, to
take it up, and a majority of the Senate can
proceed with it until the morning hour expires,
when the unfinished business of the night pre-
vious comes up, unless postponed informally
or by a direct vote of the Senate. The bill
now passes again to the Calendar, as it did
yesterday.
OIIIO KIVEIi B1UDGE3.
Mr. SHERMAN. • I feel it my duty now to
submit a motion that the pending order be
postponed, with a view to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 290) to prevent obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the Ohio river. The
imperative reasons for immediate action on
this subject I stated the other day, and I do
not think it will take long now. I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will consent to postpone the
pending order with a view to act upon this
subject, which is of immediate, pressing im-
portance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian
appropriation bill being before the Senate,
the Senator from Ohio moves to postpone the
present and all other orders for the purpose of
considering the joint resolution in regard to
the Cincinnati and Newport bridge, which was
debated a few mornings since.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to say that I have
no objection to that joint resolution being
taken up if the Senate, in view of the pend-
ency of the appropriation bills, think it proper
to give sufficient time for its discussion. _ I
join with the Senator from Ohio in my desire
to have the subject disposed of, but I deem it
proper to say to the Senate that it is a ques-
tion which will occupy considerable time in
discussion.
Mr. COLE. I have appealed to the Senate
so often on behalf of the appropriation bills
that it is with some reluctance that I repeat it
from time to time; but I shall have to take a
vote in favor of setting them aside now, as the
determination of the Senate not to consider
the appropriation bills at this session. The
Senate is well convinced of the pressing neces-
sity that exists for adhering to them until they
are disposed of. The Indian appropriation
bill has been partly considered, and we cer-
tainly ought to go on with it. I hope, there-
fore, that the motion of the Senator from Ohio
will not be agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senate wil?
adopt the motion of my colleague, unless the
Senate is willing to see the navigation of the'
Ohio river blockaded, unless it is willing to see
the people along almost the whole of that river
suffer for food and for fuel. I think it is time to1
act, and to act at once. Justice to all parties,
the railroad company and to the people, requires
that we should act at once. If we do not pass
this resolution within a day or two there wilt
be no chance to pass it in the other House..
Now, in regard to the Indian appropriation
bill, the Senator from California knows that
there will be no trouble at all about that; it is
sure to pass. I should be willing, for one, if
we take up the resolution referred to by my
colleague, and it occupies more than a given
length of time, to give way to the appropriation
bill. I hope the Senate will take it up and
let us see if we cannot pass it between now
and half past one o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. This joint resuoltion
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and that committee listened to arguments on
both sides of the case for two days. But the
first point to be decided by that committee was
whether this structure had been made in accord-
ance with law, and they considered no other
point in the argument submitted to them by
counsel on both sides. My impression is that
had the committee been satisfied that the struc-
ture had been built in accordance with law it
would have reported adversely on the joint
resolution; but still I am not authorized to say
so—that is my judgment—for the reason that
the Government would be under a moral obli-
gation, to say the least, to pay any expense
that might be incurred by the company building
the bridge, if they were building it in accord-
ance with law. I should feel compelled as
chairman of that committee to submit the
arguments made in that ease to the Seriate, in
order that the Senate might have all the in-
formation on the subject that the Committee on
Commerce has, inasmuch as it was not re-re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. The
arguments are in print, and it will take some
time to read them; but I shall feel it my duty to
submit those arguments, because they are very
able and present the case very strongly on both
sides. If the Senate are prepared to listen
to those arguments, of course they will take
up this joint resolution and proceed with its
consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
in addition to what I have said. The honor-
able Senator from California knows that I have
stood by him for the appropriation bills from
the beginning up to this hour, and I would not
make this motion to arrest the progress of an
appropriation bill but for an impending calam-
ity which is about to fall not only upon my
constituents, but the whole people of the Mis-
sissippi valley. This bridge is now in the pro-
cess of construction, going on day by day.
The piers are now at the proper height, and
all they have got to do is to put the super-
structure across, which completes the work.
At some time or other during this session
we must act upon this subject. There^ is no
objection to the joint resolution practically.
An amendment will be offered by the Senator
from Pennsylvania which will present the only
question in the case. I do not wish to discuss
it. I do not think it will take much time.
There is no doubt about the necessity of rais-
ing the bridge. I believe the evidence is so con-
clusive on that point that nobody will debate
