128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
JIo. of Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
the Government. It is sheer usurpation, and,
as the sequel shows, there was a most pernicious
abuse of usurped authority. It is this matter
to which I propose to call especial attention.
It the time allowed I can only recur to some
of the outrages which were perpetrated.
1 have said that this law wasaimed especially
at the city of New York. There was, after its
enactment, quite a discussion in that city
whether it would not be wise to call an extra
session of the Legislature for the purpose of
changing the time of the State election, so as
to avoid, if possible, a collision with the Fed-
eral authorities. Some thus advised ; others
thought that to change it would give rise to
clamors about intended frauds. I gave my
advice that it would not be wise to change. My
reasoning was vindicated. I wanted to show
the people of the whole country that the Dem-
ocracy could maintain their ascendency in
the city and State of New Yorkin spite of all
frauds and all forces coming from whatquarter
they might. The time was not changed. We
met our invaders. We met their myrmidons.
They were a host. They were confident and
blatant. It was like another invasion of Gen-
eral Botler to keep our peace. But they
found what "constituted a State." The men
who knew their rights dared maintain them.
The pit they digged for us they fell therein.
They awaked, by their law and their infamous
appliances for its execution, the slumbering,
fierce Democracy.
Your law of last session failed you. You
now fear for 1871, and especially for 1872.
You are seeking to make ramparts for your
future. I prophesied your failure before. I
see your doom again. There is no need of
Merlin's magic mirror to read your fate. The
figures of the past are against yon. If this
be so, gentlemen on the Republican side
should not be quite so overbearing in their
legislation. By the elections this year you
would be in a minority of thirty-two in the
Electoral College if a vote were taken. You
are in a minority of the popular vote of this
country, comparing the elections of 1868 with
those of 1870. We on this side of the House,
therefore, though only one third, represent the
dominant element in the United States, and
the people, who are the majority, will remem-
ber that your attempt was and is to give the
minority preference, by brute force and mili-
tary power, against their will. And how do
you do it? In defiance of all the traditions
and histories of public and private liberty
since public or private liberty had life. It is
as old as the Athenian law that the man who
interfered in any way with "election," which
is free choice, should suffer death. When a
stranger interfered in the assemblies of that
classic democracy he was esteemed guilty of
high treason. He was a usurper of rights of
sovereignty to which he had no title. This was
a pure democracy, where the populace assem-
bled in the Bema and decided directly, after
the orators and statesmen presented questions
of public policy.
In a representative Government like that of
England, the laws have been strict to guard
against the abuse of the franchise by fraud and
force. We know that the common unwritten law
of England gave a remedy to the voter wrong-
fully repulsed from the polls. The leading
case, which has been followed by our courts
even when there has been no statutory remedy,
is that of Asby vs. White, in Lord Raymond,
page 038, (Smith's Leading Cases, 190.) Judge
Holt there holds this high language:
_ "And surely it cannot be said that this is so incon-
siderable a right as to apply that maxim to it, de
tmmmit nan curat lex. A right that a man has to
giv6 his vote at the election of a person to represent
mm in Parliament, there to eonearto themakingof
laws which are to hind his liberty and property, is
a most transcendant thins, and of a high nature."
But as if this common-law right was no
adequate remedy for the wrongful proceedings
at elections, the English statute made it a
high penalty for any soldier to be quartered
near the polls. He must be at least one mile
off. I will read from Blackstone (Tucker's
edition, volume 2, page 179) the law :
"Assoon, therefore, as the time and place of elec-
tion, either in counties or boroughs, are fixed, all
soldiers quartered in the piaee are to remove at least
one day before the election to the distance of two
miles or more, and not to return till one day after
the poll is ended."
It is further required that the secretary of
war, or the party who for the time being is
acting as secretary of war, shall issue his
orders to remove all soldiers from places of
voting, and if he fail he is to be dismissed and
to be forever disqualified from holding office
in England.
So that this "transcendent thing"of un-
trammeled voting is guarded not only by all
the maxims of the common law, but by the
strongest penalties of English legislation.
These penalties were the result of that jeal-
ousy which the commons entertained for their
constituents against the prerogatives of king
craft. Our fathers received the same maxims,
and endeavored to institute the same safe-
guards. The messages of our early Presidents,
like that of Jefferson, are full of this jealousy
of military powers. It is reserved for this
present military Administration to disregard
all these maxims and muniments of free elec-
tions and popular liberty. Is not the right of
free election, uncontrolled choice, inconsist-
ent with force ? Is the bayonet not directly
the enemy of the ballot? Are we not pursu-
ing what was handed down to us in our his-
tory and Constitution, when we too are jealous
of the subordination of the civil to the mili-
tary power ? And should we not, therefore,
upon every principle of logic, ethics, law, and
principle, oppose measures like this?
"Admit all this," say gentlemen, "we, too,
desire fair, free, pure elections. We do not
have it in New York. The negro is forbidden
or constrained; the repeater does his double
or quadruple work. We must stop this; by
force and arms, by Army and Navy." Yes;
by penalties that are severe and laws that are
vain ; for, admitting, ex gratia, that election
frauds have prevailed in New York city, ad
mittiirg, as my friend [Mr. Schcmaker] proved
last session, that the Whig and Republican
parties started the system of repeating, &c.,
since doubtless somewhat imitated, is this
legislation the remedy? Is not the remedy
worse than the disease ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, to the facts. How was
the law of last session carried out in the city
of New York? The answer to this is the most
practical objection to this measure. The pre-
text was made for this law that the fifteenth
amendment would not be properly executed in
the city and State of New York; and yet, sir,
it is a matter of notoriety that the honorable
senator from my own district from New York
(Mr. Norton) introduced a bill into the Legis-
lature two years ago taking away all former
legislative restrictions against colored voters,
and permitting them to vote freely, without let
or hinderance. They did so vote. They voted
in the most Democratic wards, like the eighth.
Seven hundred voted in my district, and against
me. No arrests of any consequence were made,
and no trouble ensued. In the election last
May for judicial officers, before this law was
passed, they voted as freely. The execution
of the fifteenth amendment, therefore, in the
State and city ot New York as a reason for
this bill, is a flimsy pretext. 1 dismiss it with
a conclusive reference to the message of the
accomplished Governor of New York. While
he shows how this law was executed in the
State of New York he dissipates the pretext
made for its enactment. I ask the Clerk to
read the passage I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Since the adjournment of the Legislature the
Federal Government has assumed to interfere di-
rectly by its officers and armed forces with elections
in this State. The pretext was fear that the ri htof
suffrage would in some way be denied to the class
of persons upon whom it had been conferred by the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Ifcwas a mere pretext, lor our State Legis-
lature, at its last session, promptly altered our elec-
tion laws to conform with that amendment so soon
as it was declared adopted. Moreover, this class of
voters had exercised their new right freely and with-
out the least molestation at our State election which
took place in May last."
Mr. COX. I ask the Clerk to read all that
part of the message pertaining to this forcible
intervention in the New York State election;
not alone for the narrative of our wrongs under
this bill, and its attempted execution by the bad
and dangerous men selected, but for its sound
political philosophy and magisterial courage.
[The Clerk read the extracts in appendix A.]
These extracts show to every candid mind
the remarkable fact that Federal Republican
officials of high and low degree were conspira-
tors against the peace and dignity of the State
and city of New York. They undertook, by
the machinery of this bill, to intimidate the
citizens, either from voting at all or, by undue
and forceful influences, to vote for Republican
candidates.
Gentlemen, was this contemplated when you
passed the bill last session? I charged that
you thus intended. It was then vehemently
denied. Let the authentic and unanswered
indictment of Governor Hoffman prove my
charge. I took part in a discussion with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] upon
the bill. I give an extract from that discus-
sion :
"Mr. Cox." * * * * "If the ballot has
not become an utter blank in the expression of the
popular will I should thiuk that a gentleman so
eminent as my friend from Ohio would have been
careful about having any show of force, even a posse
comitatus, by the Army or the militia near the
sacred precincts of the ballot-box which he pretends
to guard so sedulously 1
"Mr. Bingham. There is no such thing in tlio bill
at ail.
"Mr. Cox. Ah 1 the gentleman would say that the
Army and Navy are only called for to execute a
judicial proeess issued under this act,' and that
this has nothing to do with the elections, which he
would protect from fraud or trickery. Let us see.
You may call out the militia or the Army for ajudi-
eial purpose under the thirteenth section," &c.
How was this bill executed? By the Army
and by the Navy, as my colleagues here [Mr.
Wood and Mr. Brooks] will testify in confirma-
tion of the Governor's statement. The navy-
yard at Brooklyn made locust clubs at $1 75
each, at the cost of the people, for U nited States
commissioners. Many revolvers which were
marked "U. S." were found upon and taken
from the persons of the irresponsible criminals
who were selected by the partisan Judge
Woodruff. Many thousand troops were stealth-
ily brought into and posted around the city,
some in halls, some in breweries, and some in
worse places. General Grant himself threat-
ened to plant gnn-boats at the foot of our
streets to carry the election ! Gentlemen are
incredulous 1 Read the Tribune, an extract
from which I have the liberty to append hereto,
(marked B.) From an article of that paper
of November 8, 1870, it appears that there
were "the three thousand regulars about
the city." By an order from headquarters
department of the East of November 2, the
" military act" was to be executed.
This is a pretty preparation for an election
as it stands on the 8th of November. Here
figures Assistant Adjutant Kelton, "by com-
mand tif General Grant." He orders Major
General Meade; Secretary of War, General
Belknap, orders Brigadier General McDow-
ell^ and General McDowell, by his Assistant
Adjutant General, Perry, orders "available
officers and privates" to the city, to ''come
prepared for armed service." The buildings
are picked out j the artillery are posted# They
