1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
it. But the question as to whether the United
States should pay $280,000 for the expense of
it is a question which will probably be pre-
sented, and which we cannot avoid. I do not
wish to indicate my course on that question,
but I hope the Senate now, in view of the
necessity of immediate action on this subject,
will allow us the requisite time to pass upon
this joint resolution. Then I will promise my
friend from California that I will stand by him
again, as I have done in the past. :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now remind the Senate that by the eleventh
rule, which he has often quoted, debate on the
merits of a bill proposed to be considered can-
not be entertained upon a motion to take up.
Mr. COLE. I do not propose to debate the
mcrits._ I merely desire to say that after the
time of the session is all consumed the kind
favor that the Senator from Ohio proposes will
be of no avail; then there will be no time left
for him to stand by the appropriation bills.
Mr. OORBETT. It seems to me that we
ought to dispose of the appropriation bills, and
I think it very important now to dispose of
the Indian appropriation bill, as we have got
about half through it and can complete it in a
short time. I know that this bridge question
will lead to a great deal of discussion, and if
taken up will consume the entire session to-
day, preventing action on the appropriation
bills. Therefore I hope we shall dispose of
the Indian appropriation bill first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Indian appropriation bill and all other
orders be postponed for the purpose of con-
sidering the joint resolution in regard to the
Cincinnati and Newport bridge.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Oasserly, Davis, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harris, Johnston, Lewis, MeCreery, Mor-
ton, Pratt, Boss, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Thur-
man, Warner, and Willey—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Howe, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, It lee, Sprague, Stearns,
Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Vickers. and Wilson—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Feriton,
Ferry, Fowler, Hamlin. Hill, Howard,Kellogg, Mor-
rill of Maine, Patterson, Ramsey, Revels, Robert-
son, Sauhbury, Sawyer, Scott, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Williams, and Yates—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
that as soon as the Indian appropriation bill
is disposed of I shall again move to take up
this joint resolution.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 21st
instant, approved and signed the following act
and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 594) to provide a government
for the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) author-
izing water-gauges to be established and ob-
servations to be made upon the Mississippi
river and its principal tributaries, with a view-
to obtaining information required for the pro-
tection of the alluvial lands against overflow
and for the improvement of navigation.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills and
joint resolution, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
' A bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and June
80, 1871, and for former years, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3000) relative to the taking
of depositions de bene esse in the courts of the
United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 519) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 3033) to authorize
the construction of a bridge over the Missis-
sippi river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a
bridge over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in
said State, requested a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. David P. Dyer of Mis-
souri, Mr. Jasper Packard of Indiana, and
Mr. Albert G. Bdrr of Illinois, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2909) to enable
J. H. Schnell, of California, to enter and pay
for a section of public land in California for
his tea colony.
enrolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1306) to relieve John Wil-
liamson, of Savannah, Georgia, of legal and
political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. 30G) prescribing
the oath to be taken by H. V. M. Miller, Sen-
ator-elect from Georgia.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and June
30, 1871, and for former years, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
indiax appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. JTo. 2615) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
so-called treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on an amendment of Mr. Corbett to
an amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The amendment of the.Committee on Indian
Affairs was to insert on page 18, after line four
hundred and twenty, the following clause :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be used at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, to carry on the work of instructing and aiding
the Chippewas of Red Lake, the Pembina tribe of
Chippewas.and other Indians of the Mississippi Chip-
pewa agency, (not including the Chippewas of Lake
Superior.) in the arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, £40,000.
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out " §40,000" and insert " $20,000."
Mr. HARLAN. There is no objection to
the amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment to the amendment
will be regarded as agreed to ; and the ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole
will be reported.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 19, line four
huudred and forty-one, to strike out the word
"for" and insert the word "of;" so as to
read "for permanent annuity of iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty January 30, 1865," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Indian Affairs report in favor of retaining
the word "for" as it §topd originally in the
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the honorable
Senator from California will' not object to
that. The payment is not made in kind now
by treaty regulation. It is commuted and paid
to them in money.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House of
Representatives having provided " for perma-
nent annuity for iron and steel," in Commit-
tee of the Whole, the clause was amended by
striking out the word "for" and inserting
"of," and the Committee on Indian Affairs
recommend non-concurrence in the amend-
ment, so that the clause shall stand in the bill
as it came from the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We want to furnish these
Indians with the things themselves, instead of
giving money to some Indian agent " for the
purchase of iron and steel," which always
turn out to be steal and not iron. [Laugh-
ter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring with the Committee of the
Whole in striking out the word "for" and
inserting " of," as recommended by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and dissented from
by the Committee on Indian Affairs^
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment.
The Chie* Clerk. In line four hundred
and sixty-four, page 20, of the bill the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs report an amendment,
to strike out "$3,500" and insert "$4,000."
Mr. CORBETT. That is an error. I think
the item is correct as it stands.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an amendment to offer
on page 18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The understand-
ing of the Senate was that the amendments
agreed to in Committee of the Whole on the
recommendations of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and the amendments now proposed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs and in
print should first be acted on, when the bill
would be open to further amendments.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand that the Sen-
ate are now acting on the amendments offered
by the committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs and the Committee of
the Whole, until they are finished.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to amend an amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Indian
Affairs on page 18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment on that page has been agreed to by the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not know that it had
been agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amount
was reduced to $20,000, and agreed to in that
Mr. DAVIS. No ; it is another matter.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the honorable
Senator refers to page 18 of the printed amend-
ments. We have not reached that page yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Page IS of the
amendments of the Committee on Indian
Affairs has not yet been reached. The sixth
page of the amendments of the Committee on
Indian Affairs has been reached, and those
on that page are now being considered. The
pending amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs is on page 20 of the bill, line
four hundred and sixty-four, to strike out
" $3,500" and insert "$4,000;" so that the
clause will read:
For twelfth of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of ono farmer, one blacksmith, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fourth article treaty
25th June, 18o5, $4,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs desired to have this appro-
priation increased to the estimate, which he
stated to be $4,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
JIARLAN, I §bf>ll be guided by the
