1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of giving the ballot immediately tothelndians
as a cure for all these ills. I do not believe
the wild Indian can use the ballot any better
than the spelling-book at the present moment.
On the contrary, I mean when I gay that the
ballot js the ultimate solution of the question
that if we first put these Indians on reserva-
tions, if we give them the right to hold prop-
erty in severalty, if we lead them up by de-
grees, we will find by and by, at the top of a
slowly ascending scale, they will have the bal-
lot and a distinct self-government, which will
be the final solution of the problem. I did
not mean to imply that this result would be
reached in a day or a year.
Now, that education is a step toward the
ballot no one can doubt. If we analyze free
institutions it will be found that the ballot and
education are as inseparable as union and
liberty, and any man who divorces them will
destroy the structure of our Government.
But there is one other thing which I wish to
say in this connection. Gentlemen have spoken
of the difficulties we had with the wild Indians
of the West and of the horrible massacres per-
petrated upon our frontier settlements; and
the gentleman from Texas attempted to paint
in a pre-Raphaelite style some of the extreme
cases of suffering which have come under his
notice. I wish to call the attention of the
House to this historical fact, that north of us,
in the British possessions, and over our south-
ern border in Mexico, beyond our influence,
there have been no Indian wars. There never
was an Indian massacre in the British and
Russian possessions north of us. There has
been no Indian massacre even under the Mex-
ican rule. Only here, in our American belt,
in our United States alone, have we Indian
massacres. And why? Because we have
pursued the powder and bullet plan of the
gentleman from Nevada; and because wehave
gone out to them with fire and sword.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for one moment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The result has
been that we have had murder and rapine and
all the horrors of Indian slaughter.
Mr. BENJAMIN rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I see all the
warlike gentlemen on their feet. I see them
springing up all around me, like warriors from
the ambush ready for fight; and the spirit of
their doctrine on this subject makes me fee!
as though I should have to dodge a liatchet
for the sentiments I have uttered. They have
the field, for my time has expired.
Mr. DEGENER. If the gentleman will
yield to me for one minute I will show how
he is mistaken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With pleasure.
Mr. DEGENER. Has the gentleman ever
traveled through the interior of Mexico ? Has
he crossed the borders toward Monterey or
toward Chihuahua? If he has done so, he
must have noticed the crosses standing by the
wayside—at almost every water-hole one, two,
sometimes ten or twenty crosses—and every
single cross indicating a man murdered by the
Indians. I mention this in answer to the gen-
tleman's assertion that there_ are no murders
committed by Indians except in the United
States.
I have been asked at least ten times since
my colleague [Mr. Coxj«er] was on the floor
whether his statements were correct. Sir, they
are correct. They are the truth but half told.
I could, if I had the time, speak to you for
hours together of the horrible outrages com-
mitted by Indians, in instances -where I could
produce affidavits to verify my statements. I
could narrate histories which would curdle the
blood of these gentlemen from the Atlantic
coast. I could tell of cases where captives were
taken to fires and the soles scorched off their
feet, to prevent their running away ; of others
who were skinned alive: of others, portions of
whose bodies were cut oSf and put in their
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 47.
mouths, as if to feed on. Such are the deeds
enacted on the border. In my own vicinity,
not later than twelve months ago, a whole fam-
i ily was murdered, and a babe was quartered
and the pieces laid upon the dead body of the
grandfather. In that condition they were found.
You can find, if you please, the particulars of
that tragedy 011 record here in the War Depart-
ment.^ And, with sueh facts staring us in the
face will you now tell us that no outrages have
been committed, and talk about educating these
wild tribes and putting school-books in their
hands ? I tell you, sir,- there is but one way of
teaching them, and that is with powder and lead,
to make them respect the strong arm of the
Government. That is the only way to give to
the white citizens what they are entitled to—
protection.
Mr. PROSSER. At the request of the gen-
tleman from California who has charge of this
bill I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. Yesterday, Mr. Chairman,
my colleague [Mr. Botleu] stirred up the blood
of the House by reciting the enormities com-
mitted by white men on the loyal people of the
country whence my friend who has first spoken
[Mr. Degener] comes. And to-day my friend
from Texas [Mr. DusenerJ stirs our blood by
a recital of the enormities committed by the
Indians on the border in the same region, and
would lead us to suppose that there must be
something wrong in the atmosphere down there
which it is in vain for us to attempt to care by
the speeches we may make here or the laws we
may pass.
But let me ask my friend from Texas [Mr.
Degexer] to explain this phenomenon, that
in no other nation but ours does the adminis-
tration of the Indian policy produce sueh re-
sults. On our borders, in Canada, they try to
civilize the Indian, and have for fifty years
treated and governed him in such a way that
he commits no such enormity on the white man
as he does over on this side. In Alaska for
fifty long years, under the Russian Govern-
ment, there were no enormities committed by
the Indians upon the whites; but we were not
in possession of that territory for six months
before there burst out an Indian war and
stories came to us of the enormities which had
been committed upon our soldiers by the In-
dians. And when we came to find out where
the fault lay it appeared that some poor mis-
guided Indian bad been filled with whisky by
the white men, and becoming drunk had quar-
reled with a soldier, and the soldier knocked
him down, and some of his comrades coming to
his assistance, an "Indian war" wastheresult;
and the enormities which have been commit-
ted in the district where my friend [Mr. Deg-
ener] resides began for the first time in fifty
years to be enacted in Alaska.
So it is everywhere. It would be strange
if there were n® explanation to be found for
these outrages. It has been asserted, and I
believe it to be true, that in nine cases out of
ten, if you could trace these enormities back
to their origin, you would find that they have
a very different origin from what the white
people would assign to them. Sir, the Indian
is driven from his home. Civilization is too
much for him. Between the returning wave
from California and the advancing wave from
the East, as they meet together, he is shut up,
as it were, between two walls; and we have here
repeated attempts to appropriate his hunting-
grounds in violation of the most solemn cov-
enants with liim. We have penetrated them
with the engine and the whistle, and the miner's
pick and shovel, and civilization is starving him
to death; and because he seeks for food and
is driven to turn upon those who commit enorm-
ities upon him we, civilized men, cry out against
his enormities and bury up our own. Tr\ e ask
nobody to testify for him. Nobody can tell to
the powers that administer this Government his
wrongs. It is those who come here for great
appropriations to be expended on the Army,
and Army provisions, and Army equipments,
which are food for the Army followers, who
have had the ear of the Government until
this time; and it is because there is a prospect
that their calling is gone, that they mu?t turn
to some other way in which to intrench them-
selves, and can no longer live at the expense
of the poor Indian, that we hear from every
quarter this outcry and this attempt to put
down by sneers and by ridicule the policy of
peace and reason and humanity. No man here
has anything to say of the enormities that have
been committed upon the Indian. Sir, I say,
in the name of humanity, that it is a digrace
to civilization the long chapter of treatment he
has received at the hands of those who plunder
him one day and then murder him the next.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Mr.
Chairman, in listening to the arguments which
have been made in this House, I' have been
impressed with the conviction that results
rather than causes have been discussed here.
No man can reside for any length of time upon
the frontiers of the country, with his eyes open
to the facts and circumstances by which he is
surrounded, without arriving at this conviction:
that there are two elements which enter into
the control of the savage. Those elements are
simply justice and power. I state this as a
proposition true in universal history. The
Indian of North America is not peculiar; for,
sir, no savage nation upon the face of the earth
was ever controlled except by those two ele-
ments. Just in proportion as raids have been
made upon the frontier settlements, just in
proportion as our population has been slaugh-
tered, just in proportion as our farms have
been desolated, just, in that proportion have
these two elements failed to make their impres-
sion upon the aboriginal population. Imbe-
cility and dishonesty are the crowning disgrace
of the entire American Indian system; imbe-
cility on the part of the Government, dishon-
esty on the part of its employ6s and dishon-
esty on the part of the people. Do right
toward the savage, and then compel him to
behave himself, and you will have peace over
the whole country; but so long as you rob him,
so long as you degrade him, and at the same
time show that you are incapable of ramming
your disgrace down his throat, you have the
Indian as an enemy of the white man from
one end of the frontier to the other.
These are facts which the experience of
years has taught me most conclusively. _We
lack, first, honesty to do what we promise;
we lack, secondly, the disposition to treat the
Indian as we treat other men; we lack, thirdly,
and have lacked thus far in the history of the
country, the power to enforce what is right.
Until these things are done you will have blood
upon your frontier. We are told that the Eng-
lish never have any trouble with the Indians
in the British possessions ; and why? Because
under the British system they first enforce justice
on the part of the settlers toward the Indians,'
and, secondly, they enforce justice on the part
of the Indians; and the strong arm of power
is brought to enforce it. We pursue a differ-
ent course. Look at the difference between
our northern and southern frontiers. Who
can travel in the northern States of Mexico
without seeing everywhere villages desolated?
Towns which years ago were flourishing have
now lost their very names. Nothing but cin-
ders and blackened walls of buildings are no*
to be found there. Why is it so? Why is civil-
ization receding before the Indians? It is
because the arm of the Mexican power never
was exerted successfully to enforce Mexican
justice. Combine these two elements of Amer-
ican legislation and American administration,
and you would have the same result there as
here. When the Indian has once recognized
you as just he is not only prepared to do right,
but is the more readily prepared to accept your
