ISO
appendix to the congressiohal globe.
[February 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong.,..3b Sess.
investigating energy. The internal revenue has
no system of accountability. No one can tell
how many defaulters there are. The people will
hold you to an account for your failure in all
these regards. No measures of repression, no
ingenious scheme lilce this, can save you from
the "deep damnation" which is awaiting you
in 1872. Did you not try this policy of repres-
sion with the South? You introduced there
your Freedman's Bureau, and seut the Army ^
along to inspire kindness and moral ideas, did
you not? Why has the South slipped from
under your control? Why will it stand, except
South Carolina, en bloc by the Democratic
party in 1872? Heed these things before you
pass this measure, if only as a partisan meas-
ure I
I am not such a partisan but that I should
like to see the Republican party restored to
that purity which it had in its beginning. At
that time it gave hospitality to many noble
ideas. 1 recollect how it sang the battle-songs
of the Republic. I recollect how "John
Brown's body1' marched on to the music of
your Marseillaise. I remember that there
were high-minded, liberal men, who gave their
labors and genius to you in your anti-slavery
movement. Bat I know that thousands of
such are now with us, and more awaiting a
more liberal policy on our part to desert you.
They perceive that your party by its strength
has drawn to itself the selfish, greedy cormor-
ants of the country. They perceive that it is
inspired and moved by ignoble and selfish
aims, by nepotism, by jobbery, by schemes of
all kinds, which are every day being developed
in this House, as well as at the other end of
the Capitol and avenue. Such men will give
us their earnest pens, voices, and votes, and
the more readily when they perceive, as they
now do, the Democracy advancing from the
dead past, where their hopes have been buried,
into a better future, where new aspirations,
wider policies, and more generous associations
will prevail.
If this bill does become a law, and its
enforcement is sought, 1 give notice to gen-
tlemen that the Legislature of New York,
the power there wielding that great empire
State, will either carry out its own election
laws, without collision, by havingaday for the
•State elections different from that fixed by the
Federal law for Federal elections, or it will
meet you fairly and squarely with all the power
of the great State against your invasions and
usurpation. Thus will the great State, whose
elements are imperial and whose power is
undiminished, best vindicate its early history
and present position; and the city of New
York, the composite city of refuge and hope—
not less for the men than the ideas of all
nations, the city of liberal thoughts and chari-
table action—assert its metropolitan, commer-
cial, and independent character as one of the
truly ''free cities" of the earth!
APPENDIX.
(A.)
Extract from Governor Hoffman's Ln«t Message—The
Dangerous Chits as Federal Officers, dcc.
Congress, neverthaless, enacted a law for the osten-
sible purpose of supervising the election of Con-
gressmen only, and the President was authorized
to employ the Army and Navy to enforce certain of
its provisions. Under cover of this act the President
and other United States officials claimed the right
to supervise the entire election, not only for Repre-
sentatives in Congress, but for State and local offi-
cers. In the city of New York special preparations
were made to enforce this claim. A large number
of United States deputy marshals and supervisors
were appointed, many of whom were men of well-
known disreputable character, and some of whom
had been convicted criminals ; a class of dangerous
men never before chosen by any ruling authority,
in any community, as conservators of the peace.
They were instructed, under advice of the Attorney
General of the United States, to submit to no inter-
ference from any quarter, under State or municipal
authority. Orders were issued which authorized
discretion of each one of tlicm, to arrest
st the polls citizens claiming the right to vote, as
well as the inspectors who were charged by law with
the custody of the ballot-boxes. These arrests were
to be effected without process of law issued upon
formal complaints.
The peaceful conduct of the election and the good
order of the city were thus made to depend on the
discretion of these hastily selected, inexperienced,
and undisciplined men, some of them habituated to
felonious violations of law, and all of them unused
ta the exercise of delicate and important trusts of
power; all having been appointed in one political
interest and having a common partisan purposo to
subserve. The police and civil authorities of the
city and State, whose duty it is to preserve order,
were ignored, under instructions from Washington,
as completely as if the people of the State were in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States. It was a bold attempt on the part of the
Federal Government to assume absolute control of
the State and local elections, in order to accomplish
partisan ends; and officials, both judicial and exec-
utive, seemed determined to prosecute it without
any regard to the rights either of the local officers
or of the people. The law of Congress under which
he was acting required the Federal judge to appoint
one half of the whole number of supervisors from
each political party; yet he deliberately refused to
appoint any of the political organization which he
well knew represented the great majority of voters
in the city. JSvery popular right was ostentatiously
denied, as if the purpose was to irritate and excite
the people and to provoke tumult, which might result
in breaking up the election and depriving the city of
its vote.
The President well knew that the people intended
no forcible resistance to the law. Their determ-
ination was to meet it, simply and exclusively, by
the force of public opinion. It must havo been ap-
parent to every mind that the interest of the great
majority in the city was to have a quiet and orderly
election. It could be the interest only of the minor-
ity to promote an outbreak. The President knew
also that even if disorder of any degree should en-
sue, the whole civil and police power of the State,
sustained by its national guard, (a military organ-
ization of our own citizens, composed of men of all
classes and all political parties, and maintained by
the State to do service, as occasion may demand, for
the State or the United States, and which has never
yet failed in its duty to either.) was both ready and
able to preserve order, and to protect all officers of
the law in the execution of judicial process and the
discharge of officialduty. Notwithstanding all this,
by the President's orders United States troops were
brought from distant posts and quartered in the city
of New York, and ships of war were anchored in its
harbor. It was certainly not unreasonable to expect
that the first drop of citizens' blood shed in the city
of New York by Federal troops, in time of peace,
might lead to terrible results, involving great loss
of life and incalculable destruction of property.
Therefore, as chief magistrate of this State, charged
with the duty of enforcing its laws and preserving
order within its boundaries, I used every exertion
and made every preparation and provision in my
power to preserve order and protect the people in
their rights, their lives, and property.
At the la^t moment, that is to say, the afternoon
immediately before the election, the officers of the-
United States fortunately and wisely abandoned the
extreme ground they had taken, and entered into a
stipulation with the local authorities of New York
ci y, in my presence, which resulted in preventing
any armed interference by troops, either of the Uni-
ted States or of the State. Nevertheless, it is well
known that about two thousand deputy United
States marshals were appointed in the city of New
York, who were, each one of them, armed with what
is known as a Navy revolver, worn in belts bearing
the designation of the Federal armories. They did
not, it is true, form any portion of the regular force
of the Army or Navy; they were undisciplined and
without a military commander; but they were men
armed by the United States Government and paid
out of its Treasury, and were stationed, thus armed,
at the election polls, having been taught that they
were the superiors of the lawfully appointed peace
officers of the State, upon whom the preservation
of order in a large city depends. It was due to the
patient forbearance of the people, and to tho earnest
endeavors and great coolness and discretion of the
peace officers of the city, that order was preserved.
I deem it my solemn duty to protest now formally
against these outrages, which, it is given out, will be
renewed at future elections with preparations look-
ing to a greater degree of intimidation and coercion.
In this protest the people of this State do, I am con-
fident, by an overwhelming majoriiy, earnestly unite.
They are not to be misled by the pretense that mili-
tary force is necessary to prevent fraud; for they well
know, what all history proves, th&t military elec-
tions are never honest nor free; that military force
at elections has always been used by ambitious rulers
to hinder a full and lair expression of popularsenti-
ment; in fact to perpetrate and cover fraud, not to
prevent it. If elections are not honest they should
be made so by the force of public opinion a^nd by law.
Military force asserts its supremacy over both, and
is itself a fraudulent and final overthrow of a free
ballot. No State is, or ever was. more devoted than
New York to tho Union and to the Federal Govern-
ment; none more submissive to that Government's
constitutional authority; none more ready to defend
its rights and vindicate its power j but our Union is
a Vmtfa oi States the elemeotspf its greatgtreogtfi
are the home governments of the people. To weaken
the parts is to endanger the whole. Half a century
ago, when Federal officers were accused of interfer-
ing with State elections, not by armed forces but
simply by exerting an influence through the dis-
tribution of patronage, De Witt Clinton, then Gov-
ernor of this State, addressed the Legislature as
follows:
"As a member of the American Confederacy it is
not only our duty and our interest to sustain the
respectability and to promote the authority of the
national Government by apatriotic and enlightened
exercise of our suffrages, and by contributing ail
our energies to establish a wise and public-spirited
Administration, but in attending to measures so im-
portant, we ought not to overlook the duties which we
owe to ourselves. Our Government is complex in its
organization, and it is essentially necessary to pre-
serve the State governments in their purity and
energy. A free government could never exist in a
country so extensive as the United States without a
judicious combination of the Federal and represent-
ative principles. The apprehensions which some of
our wisest statesmen'entertained at the formation of
the Constitution, that the State governments would
constantly encroach on the powers of the national
Government, appear not to have been realized.
The practical tendency has been in the opposite
direction. The power of the General Administration
has increased with the extension of us patronage.
And if the officers underits appointment shall see fit,
as an organized and disciplined corps, to interfere
in the State elections, I trust there will be found a
becoming disposition in the people to resist these
alarming attempts upon the purity and independ-
ence of their local governments; for whenever the
pillars which support the edifice of the General Gov-
ernment are undermined and prostrated the whole
fabric of national freedom and prosperity will be
crushed in ruin. I have considered it my solemn
duty to protest against these unvvarrantaole intru-
sions of extraneous influence, and I hope that the
national Legislature will not be regardless of its duty
on this occasion*"
These words, more applicable now than then, arc
so forcible and eloquent that I quote them, in the
hope that they may impress themselves upon the
minds and upon the hearts of the whole people.
To depend for the peacc and order of the localities
on the Federal Army is not self-government; tosub-
stitute tho regular soldier with his musket as a
peace ofheer in place of the constable with his writ
is not to preserve the peace, but to establish tho
condition of war; to surrender elections to the con-
trol of the President, supported by armed forces, is
to surrender liberty and to abandon a republic.
(B.)
The Military Department.
[F;-om the New York Tribune of November 8.]
Although there were about three thousand regu-
lar troops in and about the city on yesterday, no
** gleam of Federal bayonets " was seen in the streets.
The following special order and circular, issued
last week, were first made public about nine o'clock
last evening:
Headquarters Department of the East,
new York City, November 2,1870.
Circular.—The following is published for the in-
formation and government of officers commanding
any portion of troops called on to aid tho United
States civil officers in the city of New York in the
enforcement of the United States laws.
. [Here follow sections ten and thirteen of the mil-
itary act of Congress to regulate elections in the
States, approved May 31,1870.]
The obligations of the military, (individual officers
and soldiers,) in common with all citizens, to obey
the summons of a marshal or a sheriff, must be held
subordinate to their paramount duty as members of
a permanent military body. Hence the troops can
act only in their proper organized capacity, under
their own officers, and in obedience to the immediate
orders ot those officers. The officer commanding
troops<summoned to the aid of a marshal or sheriff
must judge for himself, and upon his own official
responsibility, whether the service required of him
is lawful and necessary, afid compatible with the
proper discharge of his ordinary military duties, and
must limit his aetinn absolutely to proper aid in
execution of the precept exhibited to him by the
marshal or sheriff. * * * * * *
By command of General Grant:
J. C. KELTON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Major General George G.* Meade, U. S. A., Com-
manding Department of the South, Atlanta, Georgia.
War Department.
W ASKHXGTOX ClTY, October 27, 1870.
Sir: In view of the apprehension thatth ore may
be po.-.jible opposition made to the United States
laws in connection with the coming election in the
city of New York, November 8,1870, the President
directs that you instruct Brigadier General McDow-
ell, commanding the department of the east, to hold
thr- troops in that vicinity in readiness for service
during a week, if necessary, to protect and assist ths
civil officers of the United States in their duty of en-
!2r+CilD^L 2 *aw?.v/rhe engineer troops and all others
in th^harbor of New York and vicinity will, for the
occasion, bo at his conjmand, You will instruct Gen*
