1564
ffiE CbTOKfeMOKAL GLOBE.
February 23,
what state of facts the Committee on Appro-
priations proposed to strike out the item.
Mr. EDMUNDS. . The reason is that there-
is not any such provision in the treaty. We
do not agree to pay for a second blacksmith.
W e hunted the .treaty through and through.
We found that we agreed to,pay for one black-
smith, and pay for the iron and stegl and that
sort of thing, and to provide, accommodations
for a second blacksmith; but a careful exam-
ination of the treaty shows .that: we Aid.not
pledge ourselves to have two blacksmiths on
the ground at the same time.
Mr. HARLAN. I am inclined to think that
the Committee on Appropriations have over-
looked the fact that these Crows do not all
live together. .There are what are called the
mountain Crows and the river Crows who live
separately, and hence the necessity for a second
blacksmith. I would inquire if a similar
appropriation was not made last year?
Mr. EDMUNDS., I do not recollect about
that. Perhaps irii stopping where I did just
now I may have misled my friend.from Iowa ;
and I wish to be perfectly fair about this mat-
ter, because my object is the same as his is, to
do the best we can. There is a provision in
the eighth article of the treaty that when one
hundred families in a separate settlement shall
gather together we shall then provide for them
a second blacksmith; but the first blacksmith
now acting there with this settlement of fam-
ilies is all that the treaty at present calls for.
It does not appear to us, from any information
we can get, that the event has'happened upon
which they were entitled to a second black-
smith, for the reason that they have not a
separate settlement of a hundred families for
which we are to provide. Perhaps I did not
state it precisely as I ought tQ have done in
the first instance, and lience I have made this
explanation. . ^ ,
Mr. HARLAN. I am inclined to think the
Committee on Appropriations had better let
this go in. These Crows, as I before observed,
are river Crows and mountain Crows, who are
practically two tribes and live separately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is another thing
about the mountain Crows. This is under the
treaty of May 7, 1868, for the Crows proper,
and the bill follows the treaty; and therefore
the observation of my friend as to another
branch of this tribe in some other place does
not apply to this passage in the bill, and we
ought, I think, clearly, to agree to this pro-
vision. , _
Mr. HARLAN. I do not see any provision
for the other Crows except this one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. TheSenatorwilliind that
under this same provision in the treaty, going
along in the bill a little further, they have, only
got fifty souls and they have a blacksmith for
them already, so that there is no propriety
whatever iu retaining the provision for paying
a second blacksmith when there is nothing for
him to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The river Crows
are provided for on page 45 of the appropria-
tion bill, where there is a general appropriation
of $00,000 reduced from $35,000, as it stood in
the House bill.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator is
sure about the facts, I withdraw the objection.
The amendment was, concurred in..
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 27, line six hundred
and forty-five, to reduce the appropriation from
$1,400 to $1,200. , ,
The VICE PRESIDENT., This is "for
twelfth of twenty installments for pay of a
physician" for the Flatheads arid other con-
federated tribes.
Mf. EDMUNDS. That is merely salary,
and it ought not to bp objected to.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not object.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
amend meats i,u lines six hundred and fifty-
seven and six hundred and fifty-eight for these
Indians which., do not appear to be dissented
from by the .Committee on Indian Affairs.
They will, be regarded as concurred in, The
next amendment agreed to as in Committee
of the. Whole is on pa e 28, line six hun-
dred arid seventy, to strike qut the words "in
ljeu.qf.investment" in the appropriations for
tii'e Iowas. The Committee oil Indian Affairs
recommend,that the words shall be reinstated;
so as to read,.'' for interest iri lieu of invest-
ment on< $57,000," &c. ,
Mr. HARLAN. . My impression aboiit that
is that their money has never been invested,
but is in the Treasury of the United States,
and that under the treaty it was the duty of
the Government to invest the money." the
fact is that it never has been done, and hence
the phraseology^ , , .
, , TheVICEPRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor.from California insist on this amendment
made as iri Cominittee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. I am not very tenacious about
it. These words seemed to the Committee on
Appropriations to be surplusage and to make
the meaning obscure.
Mr. HARLAN. It does not change the
amount at all.
Mr. COLE. It is not essential, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The two amend-
ments on this page striking out the words 11 in
lieu of investment," in lines six hundred and
seventy and six hundred and seventy-nine, will
be regarded as. non-concurred in, if there be
no objection. The Committee on Indian Affairs
propose sin amendment on the next page, to
insert."for repair of mills, $1,000" in the
appropriations for the Klamath and Modoc
Indians.
Mr.CORBETT. I will state that the super-
intendent of Indian affairs came on since the
making up of the estimates, and he reports
that it is. absolutely necessary that a small
amount of money should be appropriated for
the repair of mills there. It is in the Cascade
mountain region, in Oregon, and it was thought
best to preserve the mills, to keep them from
running down, and prevent the foundations
from giving way, by making this appropriation.
Mr. COLE. That cannot be required, be-
cause it will be noticed further on in the
appropriations for the same Indians, in line
six hundred and ninety-eight, "for fifth of
thirty installments for keeping in repair one
saw-mill, one flouring-mill, buildings for black-
smith, carpenter, and wagon and plow maker,
the manual-labor school, and hospital, as per
fourth article of treaty of October 14, 18S4,
$1,000." We did not want to appropriate for
it twice.
Mr. HARLAN. I think myself that that
is a mistake.
Mr. CORBETT. I guess the Committee on
Appropriations are correct then.
Mr. HARLAN. I think so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be regarded as withdrawn, and the Secre-
tary will report the next amendment, which is
also an amendment to the text of the bill pro-
posed by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 30, lines seven hundred and
eighteen and seven hundred and nineteen, to
strike out "$3,600" and insert "$4,000" as
the appropriation for sixth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisis " for sixth
of twenty installments to pay salary and sub-
sistence of one physician, one miller, and'two
school-teachers" for the Klamath and Modoc
Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will state to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that $4,000 is exactly the amount now being
paid to these employes. The Committee on
Indian Affairs see no reason for attemptingvto
reduce.it. From the best information we could
gei it would be very difficult to get suitable
men for such a salary. The amendment only
involves about four hundred dollars. It is on
his side of the continent however, and if he
thinks they can be procured for the amount
suggested I have no objection.
Mr. COLE. I think we ought not to adopt
that amendment, because the estimate shows
only a demand for the amount that is named
in the bill, and it came to us from the House
with that amount in it. I will read from the
estimates of the Department; and we ought
never to go beyond them if we can avoid it,
they being very liberal and the tendency of
both branches of Congress being to cut them
down whenever they see the necessity or pro-
priety for doing so. The estimate is:
For sixth of twenty installmen ts to pay salary and
subsistence of one physician, one miller, and two
school-teachers, as per fifth article treaty of October
14,1864, $3,600.
And the other appropriations for these same
Indians ran up, altogether, to the amount of
$17,100. I think the Senate will not see the
propriety of increasing this amount.
Mr. CORBETT. It will be observed by the
Senate that this provision is for the employ-
ment of four persons, and I think it will be
very difficult to obtain a physician for less than
$1,400 a year; and it provides for two teachers
and a miller. It would require at least about
twelve hundred dollars a year toemploy a miller
in that country. My friend from California
knows what the expenses are of everything
in that country. Everything is disbursed in
gold; and I think it is as small an increase as
we can possibly make. The superintendent is
at present in the city, and he says it is impos-
sible to get these employes without increasing
this amount. It is only a matter of $400.
Mr. COLE. We can send him from Cali-
fornia up to Oregon plenty of hands that will
be employed as good as they have in Oregon
for the amount provided in the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I think we had better agree
to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on increasing the amount as the bill came from
the House of Representatives, from $3,600 to
$4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 33, line seven hun-
dred and eighty-two, to strike out $2,000 and
insert $3,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is for the
Molels, pay of teachers of manual-labor school.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember any
reason for that; perhaps the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon can explain it.
Mr. CORBETT. That is " for pay of teach-
ers of manual-labor schools, for all necessary
materials therefor, and for the subsistence of
the pupils, $2,000," on the Grande Ronde
reservation in Oregon. There are, I think,
about a thousand Indians on this reserva-
tion, and every one can judge whether they
can keep up a manual-labor school for $2,000
currency in that country where the disburse-
ments are all in gold. I have visited the res-
ervation during the past year, and these In-
dians are making very considerable improve-
ment. They are desirous of going on. They
are farming, plowing their land, and the desire
is to improve the manual-labor school so that
they can subsist more children and take more
children into it than they art now doing. We
ask a very small increase in our State for any
of these objects, and a small amount of money
will add very materially to the efficiency of
the service.
Mr. COLE. Now, we see what dish is set
before us. We see what we have to do iu
reference to these Indians in Oregon. We have
already acquiesced in one proposed amend-
ment in excess of the estimates, and we ara
now asked to add to the appropriations we have
been accustomed to make in former years. 1
have the law of last year before me, where
the appropriation for this item was $2,000.
We have no evidence that that was not suffi-
cient. I notice in this bill that all the esti-
mates for the Indians in Oregon have been
