738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
civilization and to become himself a better
man.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I must now insist upon
the strict enforcement of the rule that general
debate shall not be indulged in upon special
amendments.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask unanimous consent
to" be allowed two minutes only to reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object if all
debate on this paragraph can then be closed.
No objection being made, luave was accord-
ingly granted.
Mr. DEGENER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawss] has asked me to ex-
plain the phenomenon that Indian disturb-
ances exist only on American soil; that the
British dominions are spared to the present
day, as we^s Alaska until we took possession
of it. It is placing me in rather an extra-
ordinary position, that I, as a foreign-born
citizen, should be called upon to defend the
Americans, after he, an American born, has
given this testimonium paupertatis to his own
countrymen. But I will endeavor to explain
tho matter. Yes, sir, "there is something
rotten in the state of Denmark." It is that
sums of money which were appropriated by
Congress were not applied as they ought to
have been. The allegation has even been
made, I know not whether it can successfully
be denied, that not one dollar out of ten went
into the hands of the Indians for whom the
money was appropriated.
The gentleman makes the accusation that
we are reluctant to appropriate tha sums we
owe, and accuses us even of want of generosity.
Has the gentleman forgotten the fact, and his
own eloquence on the occasion, that during
the last session of Congress he advocated an
appropriation of $50,000 for the purpose of
giving a banquet to Red Cloud and Spotted
Tail in the White House and of parading them
through the glories of our Atlantic cities? Is
it necessary tor me to recall to his memory
that we voted the sum he desired? 1 do not
doubt that said $50,000 were richly saved,
preventing murder and plunder, in showing
those savages the power of the white man.
Will this not, perhaps, induce the gentle-
man to lend his helping hand to get the bill
through the House which is intended to pro-
tect the Texas frontiers; a bill which thus far
I have tried in vain to bring up for discussion,
and which is intended to make impossible the
repetition of outrages, which cry to Heaven for
vengeance, committed under the very eyes of
our peace officers ? I appeal to his generosity
to help me take up a bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, for which a two-
thirds majority is needed. Next Monday I
shall test, his generosity.
If the gentleman will do me the favor of read-
ing such parts of the report of the Indian Com-
missioner as I quoted last Saturday in my
speech on the frontier defense he will discover
that the advocates of the peace policy do not
at all differ from us in the treatment we think
advisable in dealing with the wild hordes of the
plains. When the "Friends" eulogize the
effect of their theories of humanity, they speak
of the Cherokees, the Chickasaws, and other
tame tribes. We do not wish to interfere with
them. When we speak of coercive measures
.we speak of those savage fiends that cannot be
cultivated by schools and teachers and the New
Testament, to whom but one single method
of schooling is applicable—make them feel the
strong arm of coercive power !
One single remark more. The gentleman
asks, how is it that our American frontiersmen
have so much trouble with the Indians? What
is the origin of all this? Is not the white man
the aggressor, who caused this hostility ? I will
reply. The gentleman undoubtedly knows the
nistory of big own State. Does he recollect
the tragic history of King Philip? There it
was where the seed of discord was sown. The
sins then committed by his forefathers have
swollen and gathered force, until, like an
avalanche rushing down the glaciers of the
Alps, they bring destruction on the peaceful
homes in the valley. The curse under which
our frontier is now groaning was planted into
our system years ago by the peaceful men of
Massachusetts. You were the cause, we suffer
the effect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read under the
heading "Navajoes:"
For insurance and transportation of goods, $20,000.
Mr. CHAVES. I move to amend the par-
agraph last read by adding thereto the follow-
Provided, That the superintendent of Indian
affairs of the Territory of New Mexico shall be
authorized to investigate and determine the justice
of any claim arising from depredations committed
by the Navajo Indians upon citizens of tho Uniteii
States; and in the event of such claim being found
correct and just the same shall be deducted from this
appropriation.
The object I have in view in offering this
amendment is that the people of New Mexico,
who have suffered so much from depredations
committed by the Navajo Indians, shall be in
some way reimbursed for those depredations.
In support of this proposition I deem it proper
to call the attention of the committee to article
nine of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, this
amendment being drawn in accordance with
the provisions of that treaty.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not in order, as it pro-
poses to change existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order well taken.
Mr. CHAVES. I move, then, to strikeout
the pending paragraph ; and I ask the Clerk
to read for the information of the Committee
of the Whole the ninth article of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mexicans who in the territories aforesaid shall
not preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican
republic, conformably with what is stipulated in the
preceding article, shall be incorporated into the
Union of the United States, and be admitted at the
proper time (to be judged by the Congress of the
United States) to the enjoyment of all tho rights of
citizens of the United States, according to tho prin-
ciples of the Constitution, and in the mean time shall
be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment
of their liberty and property, and secured in the free
exeroise of their religion without restriction."
Mr. CHAVES. Mr. Chairman, the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo was ratified by the
Senate in 1848, and from that moment it has
been a part of the supreme law of the land,
equal in authority with the Constitution of the
United States. Under that treaty the people
of New Mexico have certain rights, equal if
not superior to those of the Indians. The
object of the proviso which I have sought to
offer is that when Indians commit depreda-
tions upon the citizens of New Mexico, pay-
ment for those depredations shall be made out
of the appropriations made by the Govern-
ment for keeping the Indians on their reserva-
tions.
I wish to call attention to the fact that in
1808 there was made with the Navajo Indians
a treaty which virtually repeals certain provis-
ions of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, rat-
ified in 1848. When a treaty has been made
with a sovereign nation, what right has the
Senate of the United States, without the con-
sent of that nation, to repeal the treaty? Let
me read from page G68 of Statutes-at-Large,
volume fifteen, the second article of the treaty
of 1868:
" The United States agrees that the following dis-
trict of country, to wifc," * * * * "shall
be, and the same is hereby, set apart for the use and
occupation of tho Navajo tribe of Indians, and for
sueh other friendly tribes or individual Indians as
from time to time they may be willing, with the con-
sent of ttie United States, to admit among them; and
the United States agrees that no person except thoso
herein so authorized to do, and except such officers,
soldiers, agents, and employes of the Government,
or of the Iodians, as may be authorized to enter upon
Indian reservations in discharge of duties imposed
by law, or the orders of the President, shall ever bo
permitted to pass over, settle upon, or reside in tuo
territory described in this article."
My object in reading this provision is to call
the attention of the committee to the fact that
during the last year there were at least twenty-
five or thirty of my constituents who lost their
lives by the hands of these Navajo Indians; and
there have been at the least calculation twenty-
five or thirty thousand head of sheep stolen by
these same Indians. The people of New Mex-
ico have pursued those Indians, have followed
them to their reservations ; but when in sight
of their property they have been prevented,
under the provisions of the treaty of 18G8, from
crossing the line. I claim, sir, that the proviso
which I offered was really in order under the
circumstances.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, any treaty
made by the United States has no more valid-
ity than any statute passed by Congress. There
seems to be a singular delusion that because a
thing is called a treaty, and is made in pursu-
ance of certain forms, it is the supreme law,
in some higher sense than an act of Congress
is the supreme law. Any statute passed by
Congress is the supreme law, because of the
constitutional provision that the Constitution
of the United States and all laws made in pur-
suance thereof, and all treaties made under the
authority of the United States, shall be the
supreme law of the land. This provision does
not imply that a treaty has any higher suprem-
acy than a statute.
At the last session of Congress we repealed
a provision previously in force which allowed
to be taken out of the annuities of the Indians
the value of any property which they might
seize and appropriate to their own use. It was
found in practice that under that provision
reckless persons who desired to sell at a high
price cattle, horses, or other property would
tempt the Indians to steal them, would drive
them under thevery noses of the Indianswhen
the latter were short of provisions, and would
thus induce the Indians to take the property.
Then they would come and claim to be reim-
bursed out of the money appropriated to pay
Indian annuities.
Mr. CHAVES. I suppose the gentleman
will say that our people hire the Indians to
kill them in order that the price of their lives
may be paid by the Government.
Mr. SARGENT. It was found that, as the
effect of the provision referred to, parties came
to the Interior Department with claims of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars and insisted that
they should be paid from the funds appropri-
ated for payments to the Indians. The result
was that we could not keep peace with the In-
dians at all. We absorbed all of theirannuities,
and some of the very Indian wars which came
upon our hands were from the fact that the
money appropriated to feed and civilize the
Indians was absorbed by speculators who
tempted the Indians to seize property by put-
ting it in their way, and then claimed, many
times over, the value of that which they pre-
tended to have lost. Upon the recommend-
ation of the President, the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs it; was decided by the Committee on
Appropriations to incorporate in this bill a
provision by which that practice should be put
a stop to, so that hereafter theee appropria-
tions for the Indians should not be diverted
from the purposes for which they were in-
tended. I hope that provision will be allowed
to stand.
Mr. CHAVES. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from California one question. Will he
say to this House that the Government of the
United States has the right to abrogate and
annul any portion of the treaty of Guadalupe
