T40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
of the association, as a fair ground and for
Experimental agriculture and horticulture, a
portion of the Fort Leavenworth military
reservation, which is specifically described,
amounting to one hundred and twenty-eight
and eighty-two hundredths acres of land, more
or less, reserving to the Government the right
to the coal or royalty for coal underlying
the same. The value of the tract is to be ap-
praised by aboard of military officers appointed
by the Secretary of War, and on payment of
the amount of the appraisal, within one year,
the Secretary of the Interior is to cause a patent
to be issued for the land.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Kansas whether there is or is
not a provision in this bill to the effect that
this land shall not be alienated, and that if
alienated for private purposes the title shall
revert to the United States. I ask the ques-
tion because, when this matter was here before,
my impression is that that point was discussed
at>d an amendment added to that effect.
Mr. POMEROY. This resolution provides
that the land shall be deeded to this society
for their uses and purposes and for no other.
They cannot alienate it for any other purpose
than the purposes of the agricultural society,
as I understand.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 ask the Secretary to
read that part of the bill to which the Senator
refers.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That the Kansas Agricultural and Mechanical
Association, a corporate body organized undor and
by virtuoof thelaws of thoStato of Kansas, is hereby
authorized to purchase from tho Unitod States, for
the solo purpose and uso of such association, as a
fair ground, and for experimental agriculture and
horticulture, thatportion of i'orl Leavenworth mili-
tary reservation, &e.
Mr. POMEROY. It is for their solo use
and benefit.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OBDEK OF BUSINESS.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to call up a little bill in
regard to the waste land in the Virginia mili-
tary district of Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
morning business, the Senator from Ohio asks
unanimous consent to call up the bill in regard
to granting tlie waste lands in the State of
Ohio, which was debated some time since.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object as soon
as we get through the morning business, but
the msrnitig business must be gone through
with first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iv nnooc ArviDpt*Q
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object as soon
as the morning business is disposed of.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are now in order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
Orleans, asking Congress to grant an appro-
priation for a postal steamship service between
the city of New Orleans aud foreign ports,
especially the Spanish-American ports. 1 move
that it be printed, and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of John
McManus, Robert Crane, HeisterClymer, and
others, in behalf of the revival of American
commerce. Tho gentlemen who have signed
this petition ask to be incorporated under the
name of the American and European Steam-
ship Company ; and I take occasion in present-
ing it to say that many of the gentlemen who
have signed this petition are well known to me
as men of high repute in business and financial
circles, and that they have signed this petition
in their own proper handwriting, and stating
that, if the hill which has been submitted in
their behalf shall receive tho approval of Con-
gress, they are prepared and have perfected the
preliminary financial arrangements to carry its
provisions into immediate effect, and to give to
the country a line of American steamships that
shall meet every reasonable public desire and
requirement. The bill the passage of which
they ask has already been reported; but as
this petition contains matter proper to be con-
sidered with other bills of the same character,
I move that it be printed and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the peti-
tion of Thomas W. Williams and other citizens
of New London, Connecticut, many of whom
are engaged in commerce, in which they rep-
resent that they heartily approve' the recom-
mendation of the President that a commis-
sion be appointed to audit and determine the
claims on account of damages by British cruis-
ers, and ask Congress to take such measures
as may carry out that recommendation at the
present session. I move its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
John Fagan, late a private of company D,
twenty-eighth regiment United States infantry,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition signed by
a large number, I think all, of the envelope
manufacturers, printers, and stationers in San
Francisco, protesting against the practice of
the Government in selling stamped envelopes
and transmitting them free through the mails ;
which they allege interferes very materially
with their business. As far as the printers
are conccrned, they protest against printing
business cards upon envelopes, which is done,
I believe, by the Government free of charge
for business men. I think this subject has
been disposed of, so far as the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads has charge of it.
I therefore ask that the petition lie on the
table, or perhaps it had better be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
as the Post Office appropriation bill is before
them.
Mr. POMEROY presented tho memorial of
Mrs. JosephineS. GrifSng, praying compensa-
tion for services connected with various chari-
table societies during and since the late war ;
which was referred to tho Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. MeDONALD presented the petitions
of II. C. Van Hook, of Union county, Ark-
ansas, and of Luke E. Barber, of Little Rock,
Arkansas, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. MeDONALD. I desire to say in this
connection that as there are no names of gen-
tlemen in the disability bill from my State
except those upon petition, and believing from
personal experience in association with them
that they are entitled to relief, I shall at an
early day endeavor to draft a bill including the
names of persons from my State'only, and I
shall appeal to Senators to assist me in passing
the same.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
E. G. Young, of Florence, Alabama, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of the
banks of Jersey City, praying that that city be
declared a port of entry ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of all the insur-
ance companies in Jersey City, praying that
that city be declared a port of entry; which
•was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Mrs.
B. J. Cahoone, wife of Benjamin J. Cahoone,
late paymaster in the United States Navy,
praying to be compensated for certain services
which she alleges were rendered by her hus-
band, and praying a settlement of his accounts ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented the petition of R. Handy,
commander in the United States Navy, asking
for the difference of pay between the grade of
lieutenant and that of commander in the Navy,
between the 13th of September, 1855, and the
29th of January, 1858; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the petition of
the stockholders of the United States and
Brazil Steamship Company, setting forth that
they have for five years performed with entire
regularity the service stipulated by their con-
tract, at a very moderate rate of compensation,
and have developed a very important trade.
The importations of coffee alone by their steam-
ers, they state, have paid duties to the extend
of $3,500,000 in gold during a period when
they have received only $750,000 in currcncy
from the Treasury. They propose to extend
the business capacity of their line, increase
the number of vessels, and so on, and ask for
an increased subsidy. I move that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Mary P. Jarvis, widow of Joseph R. Jarvis,
late of the United States Navy, praying the
difference of pay between commander and
captain from September 14, 1855, to January
6, 1859, alleged to he due her late husband;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of
the United States and Brazil Mail Steamship
Company, praying for additional compensation
for the increase of service which the company-
proposes to put upon its line, and setting forth
the importance of such additional service;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of sol-
diers, citizens of Woodstock, Illinois, in favor
of amending the homestead law allowing cer-
tain privileges to soldiers in the late war ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of F. G. D. Strause, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petiti®n of
citizens of Washington, praying a large appro-
priation for the permanent improvement of
the channel of the Potomac river on the east-
ern or city side ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of
judges, officers, and members of the bar of
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that defendants in
criminal cases in Federal courts may be per-
mitted to testify; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented an affidavit of D.
G. Overbolt, in relation to the loss of stamps
and money-order funds by the postmaster at
Canyon City, Oregon, by fire in August, 1871;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, submitted an amendment intended
to be proposed to the bill (H. Ii, No. 2524)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for theyear ending June SO, 1872 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
