1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No.
1993) granting a pension to Josephine Dona-
hue, have directed me to make a written report
recommending the passage of the bill without
amendment. I ask the consent of the Senate
that this bill may now be put on its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if there is anything peculiar in this case. There
are a great many pension bills on the Calen-
dar that I understand ought to pass, and I hope
the Committee on Pensions will take someday
to have them all considered ; but this way of
calling up oue bill separately seems to me not j
lo be very fair to the others.
Mr. PRATT. In reply to the inquiry of the
Senator from Illinois, I will say that there is
nothing peculiar in this case; but if the bill
goes upon the Calendar, very likely it is the
fast that will be heard of it during the present
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg leave to say to ;
the Senator from Indiana, if he will allow me, j
that at every session of Congress the Commit- I
tee on Pensions has taken some day to con-
sider these bills. There are always more or
less of them of a very meritorious character,
and we have sometimes passed fifty in a single
day. I trust that course will be taken at this
session, and not single out particular cases.
Mr. PRATT. Objection is made, and the
bill will go upon the Calendar, I suppose. I
move that the report be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, and the report will be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 223G) granting a pension to Mary Pearson,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of one of the appro-
priation bills, which will take bat a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to Senators to allow
this appropriation bill to be taken up; and
when it is taken up I will then give way for
further morning business, if there is any.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire to make a
report. „ ,
Mr. COLE. This is the first oue sf Ae
appropriation bills, and we must begin with
them very soon. . ,
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection to the
motion of the Senator from California is made
by several Senators rising with morning busi-
ness. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1212) transferring certain powersand
duties to the Department of Justice, reported
it without amendment. .
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Edwaru
Middleton, praying to be compensated for cer-
tain property destroyed during the war in the
State of South Carolina, submitted an adverse
report. . . ,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 217) for the relief
of James A. Waymire, of Oregon, second lieu-
tenant first United States cavalry, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
^"AlUAMS. , I should liketohavethat
'"The VICE6PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, with the adverse report
of the committee. _
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was reierred
the bill (S. No. 123C) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Booneville, Missouri, reported it without
amendment. ,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred' the joint resolution (S. R. No.
288) granting the Chicago and Illinois South-
ern Railroad Company the right to build a
bridge across the Big "Wabash river, and de-
claring the same a post road, reperted it with
amendments.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to wbom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1118) to aid the Med-
iterranean and Oriental Steam Navigation
Company, of New York, to establish an
American line of iron steamships for opening
direct trade between the United States and
southern Europe, for carrying the mails of the
United States, and for promoting immigration
into the southern States of the Union, reported
it with an amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee, on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 468) for the protection
and preservation of the food fishes on the
coast of the United States, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SPENCER, from thfc Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 449) to exempt certain
boats from the payment of marine hospital
dues, and for other purposes, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1261) providing
for the administration of oaths and affirm-
ations by collectors of customs and surveyors
acting as collectors of customs, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House resolution
No. 209.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to introduce a bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a report to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 417) authorizing an
American register to the British ship Robert
L. Lane, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 268) concerning the compensation of the
collector of customs for the district of Willa-
mette, in the State of Oregon, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment, and
I should like to have it put on its passage now.
It simply 'explains an act heretofore passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be read lor information.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. &c„ That section oneoftheact approved
June 14,1S70, entitled "An act to establish the col-
lection district of Willamette, in the Stato or Ore-
eon " shall be, and is hereby, amended as follows :
strike out all of said scetion after the wonte to
reside at Portland," and insert in lieu thereof, and
said collector shall bo allowed a salary at. the rato
of $1,000 per annum, with the fees allowed by law,
and a commission of three per cent, on all customs
money collected and accounted for by him, such
salary, fees, and commissions not to exceed at tue
rate of $3,000 per annum."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to look at
that joint resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state  
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont *bject to its present con-
sideration?. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. CORBETT. It is recommended by tee
Department. I will simply state, if the Sen-
ator will allow me, that in the original act the
word "commission'' waslettout, and the com-
mittee now recommend simply the insertion
of that word in the act. The general law gives
a commission to collectors, hut in the original
act establishing this collection district that
word was omitted. The Department say that
this joint resolution is right, and recommend
the insertion of the word " commission • in
the act of last year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
to withdraw his report for a few moments,
and I will look at it; and he can present it
again.
Mr. CORBETT. Very well; I will do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, te whom was referred the petition of
G. P. Jacobs, praying compensation for money
expended and for services rendered in the ser-
vice of the United States, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles A. Pitcher,
praying compensation for the use of a valu-
able patent for the manufacture of brooms,
belonging to the petitioner, in the penitentiary
in the District of Columbia, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1048) to extend to the widow and children of
Henry Jenkins, for seven years, from March
6, 1868, letters-patent for an improvement in
the prQcess of manufacturing wire grating,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
ARNTON SJ1XTII.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patsnts,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2360) for the relief of Arnton Smith, have
instructed me to report it. back with a recom-
mendation that it pass. As this committee
has not asked for any day, and does not expect
to ask for a day, having nearly all its business
disposed of, I appeal to the indulgence of the
Senate, as this is a House bill, to put it on its
passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to grant to Arnton Smith leave to make
a new application to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for the extension of the letters-patent
granted to him for an improvsment in plows
on the 16th of January, 1855, for fourteen
years from that date, in the same manner as
he could have done at least ninety days before
the expiration of the patent. The Commis-
sioner of Patents is to consider and determine
the application in the same manner and with
the same effect as if it had been filed ninety
davs before the expiration of the patent. Any
extension is not, however, to affect the rights to
continue to use such improvement in plows of
any person who, since the 16th day of Janu-
ary, 1869, and prior to the approval of the
present act, may have procured and at the
time of such approval shall be using this im-
provement.
Mr. WILLEY. I will state, as to the action
before the Commissioner, that it appears on
the face of the papers that this applicant had
assigned his patent in 1803, whereas in point
of fact the assignment took place in 1855, a
few davs after the date of his patent; and
in consequence of that clerical ^mistake the
application was dismissed and rejected by the
Commissioner.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would inquire whether
this is the bill granting relief to the heirs of
Wood? , t ..
Mr. WILLEY. This is not that bill at ali.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
st. mary's river and canal.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (p. Wo.
1257) making a temporary appropriation tor
the prosecution of the work upon the improve-
ment of St. Mary's Falls canal and St. Mary s
river, Michigan, have directed me to report it
back without amendment and recommend its
nassasre There is immediate necessity lor this
appropriation, and there will be no objection
