1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
1561
ion, in pursuance of treaty, for this fragment
of a tribe of Indians, and to appropriate now
$20,000 in addition is a thing, to ray mind,
utterly preposterous. It would seem to ine to
require, I was going to say considerable assur-
ance on the part of a person to propose a thing
of this kind. I do not speak of the commit-
tee, but of persons behind who are pushing
on the Committee on Indian Affairs and the
Senate to make larger appropriations than are
provided for in the treaties. I hope the Sen-
ator from Iowa will not insist on this amend-
ment. It is going clear beyond anything that
has ever been done before. It Will subject this
department of the Government to the severe
criticism of the country. I am aware that we
are threatened with war. Senators immedi-
ately raise the war-whoop here when there is
any opposition made to any sort of demand
for the support or maintenance of Indians; and
they flourish the tomahawk over the Senate,
and brandish the scalping knife toward the
Committee on Appropriations if they do not
yield, and I do not know where the end will
be if we do not stop this thing of adding to
provisions made for the Indians in pursuance
of tr6&t)63
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and declared that the noes appeared
to have it.
Mr. HARLAN. A partof this appropriation
at least ought to be granted. I believe there
were but two Senators who voted against and
their votes defeated it, while one perhaps voted
for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Rather more than
that.
Mr. HARLAN. My hearing may not be as
acute as that of the honorable President of the
Senate. I will suggest a modification of the
amendment and ask for another vote. Let us
put the amount at S10,000. The Senator from
California surely will not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
being disagreed to, the Senator from Iowa re-
news it in a modified form from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, appropriating $10,000
instead of $20,000.
Mr. COLE. That is as much in violation
of the policy of the Government as it would
be to appropriate $20,000, or §50,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 43, after line ten hundred and fifty-
one, to insert the following:
For this amount to be charged to the Pottawat-
omie fund, to enable the President of the United
States to carry out the provisions of the third article
of the treaty of November 15,1861, with the Potta-
watomie Indians, as mod ified by the treaty of March
29,1866, by paying to those two hundred and fifty
members of the tribe who have elected to become
citizens in accordance with said article the propor-
tion of tho cash value of the Pottawatomie annuities
to which they aro entitled, $132,356 65, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to comply with the pro-
visions of said treaties, of which amount $45,871 56,
or so much thereof as may be neeessary, is hereby
appropriated in coin, as contemplated in treaties of
November 15. 1861, and March 29, 1866. And the
Secretary of tho Interior is hereby authorised to sell
two hundred and fifty and twonty hundred and
eightieth parts of the several classes of bonds ori-
ginally held (before the distribution madoto thesix
hundred Pottawatomies by act of July 27,1S6S) by
him in trust for and belonging to said Pottawatomie
Indians, and pay the proceeds thereof without any
deduction, in compliance with the provisions of said
treaties.it being the shaie of the above-mentioned
two hundred and fifty persons iu the bonds belong-
ingtosaid Indians."
_ Mr. HAUL AN. This is merely a distribu-
tion among certain Pottawatomie Indians of
their own funds. The treaty provides that
when these Indiaus shall prove to the satisfac-
tion of the district court of the United States
for that district that they have sustained them-
selves ancl are capable in its opinion of taking
care of their own interest and that of their
families, they may apply for their distributive
share of the money belonging to the tribe in
the hands of the Government. It appears from
a report of the Secretary of the Interior that
about two hundred and fifty of these Indians
have made satisfactory proof and have been
admitted to citizenship; and this is to carry
into effect that treaty and distribute their own
money among that proportion of them.
Mr. COLE. I inquire of the Senator if this
amendment can be so construed as to take any
money out of the Treasury.
Mr. HARLAN. It takes no mdney belong-
ing to the United States. A part of this fund
is in bonds and a part of it in money to their
credit in the Treasury.
Mr. COLE. How much will it take to meet
the requirements of this amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment itself states
the amount of money "which will have to be
taken out of the Treasury; but it is not our
money; it is their own money.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One hundred
and thirty-two thousand dollars out of their
own funds is the amount stated in the amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. A part of that is in bonds
which the Secretary is directed to sell, and a
part of it is cash.
Mr. COLE. *It seems to me that this ought
to come upas a separate proposition, and not be
interjected into the appropriation bill in this
way. It is a matter that ought to be consid-
ered separately and distinctly by itself. It is a
matter relating to a treaty. This money is in
the Treasury, I suppose in pursuance of some
treaty stipulation; that is, we have agreed to
pay them so and so, and we take their funds,
and keep them in the Treasury for them, on
interest, paying them the interest annually. I
infer that that is the case from the fact that we
are paying them annuities in silver every year.
They have received a long series of annuities
in silver. It may be the judgment of the
Congress that this money is in a better place
for the benefit of the Indians, in the Treasury,
where they are getting these annuities or
installments of interest, than it will be if we
allow them to take it out and squander it. I
think this is a matter which should be consid-
ered by itself. I have not had time certainly
to look into the long amendment to investigate
it, and I have not done it; but it seems to me
that it ought to be considered as a distinct
proposition and not put into a mere appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator can
understand this proposition in a moment when
he is told that the treaty provided that certain
of these Indians might be citizens and it pro-
vided the manner in which they should become
citizens, and that when they became citizens
they should take out their share of the funds
belonging to the tribe. This amendment pro-
vides how they may take the funds out. That
is all there is iu it; there is no appropriation
in it. If you intend to fulfill the stipulations
of the treaty they should have their money.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment. The amend-
ments on page 45 are not dissented from by
the Committee on Indian Affairs by their
printed amendments.
Mr. HARLAN. There is one amendment
on page 45.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Indian Affairs do not propose any amend-
ment until line twelve hundred and eighty is
reached.
Mr. HARLAN. According to my memo-
randa there is an amendment in line ten hun-
dred and eighty-five, on page 45.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not in-
cluded ; but the Senator from Iowa desires a
division upon llie amendment in line ten hun-
dred and eighty-five, reducing the appropria-
tion for the Q.ui-tiai-elt Indians for the em-
ployment of blacksmith, carpenter, &c.,from
$4,600 to $4,100. The question is on con-
curring in this amendment of the Committee
of the Whole, made on the recommendation
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN. This is for the pay of em-
ployes, and, as we were informed by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, is the precise
amount they are now receiving. The amount
put in by the House of Representative's is tho
exact amount they are now receiving from year
to year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Ap-
propriations, by dint of careful study, discov-
ered that $4,100 was precisely what we were
required to pay, and precisely what we have
been paying. I hold in my hand the act of
last year, which provides for the eleventh of
these installments, this one being the twelfth,
and it reads, "for the employment of black-
smith, carpenter, farmer, physician, &e.,
$4,100." We make exactly the same provis-
ion, and this increase has been made in order
to raise somebody's salary. We thought—
and I submit it to my honorable friend from
Iowa—that when we put it at exactly what the
treaty requires, and exactly what the previous
appropriations have been, we did what was
wise and right. «
Mr. HARLAN. Does the treaty fix the
amount to be paid for these salaries ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it fixes the
number of persons who shall be paid, and pre-
vious acts have provided for paying to pie-
cisely that number of persons and precisely
] in that language the sum of' §4,100 for ea.eh
of these twenty installments.
Mr. HARLAN. What was the appropria-
tion last year? Was it $4,100?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was the appropria-
tion last year. I hold the bill in my hand.-
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw all objection
to the proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT: The amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole will he
concurred in. The Secretary will report the
next amendment.
The Chief Clerk. In line twelve hundred
and eighty, on page 53, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, struck out $15,000 and
inserted $10,000, for insurance and transport-
ation of goods, &c., for the Shoshones and
Bannocks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Indian Affairs recommend the restoration
of the amount in the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives. The question is
on concurring in the amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. The- memorandum I have
made in explanation of this is that the Depart-
ment estimated for $25,000, of which amount
the House has appropriated, or agreed to ap-
propriate, $15,000. Our Committeeon Appro-
priations have decided to strike that down to
$10,000, making it only two fifths of the
amount asked for. There may be some explan-
ation to this laige reduction below the esti-
mate, but I have not heard any.
Mr. COLE. The clause is " for insurance
and transportation of goods that may be pur-
chased lor the Shoshones and Bannocks,
$15,000," and our proposition was to reduce
it to $10,000. From the best information we
can get these Indians are not far from the
line of the Pacific railroad. The Bannocks
are set down in the report of the Indian
department as being in Nevada. _ The Sho-
shones, or a part of them, are also in Nevada.
The total appropriation for the Indians in
Nevada amounts to but $15,000, and I hardly
think it will require an equal appropriation to
get to the Indians that amount in value of
goods. It might have cost as much to transport
goods there as the goods themselves were worth
at one time iu the history of our country ; but
that it will cost it now, when the Pacific rail-
j road runs right through the State of Nevada,
probably right through the country which is
