1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Olairn of McGarrahan—Mr. Eldridge.
Ho. os Reps.
firmed the grant in Gomez. This decree and
confirmation was ordered on the 5th of June,
1857. It was in open court; the transcript
and testimony were read, counsel for the
parties heard, and fall consideration given.
The record shows this; and there is no fact or
allegation against it. Sloan & Hartman for
the appellants, and P. Ord for appellee.
Now, it is said that this decision of the
district court was consented to by Ord, who
was attorney for the United States, and who
had been attorney for Gomez, and that Ord
had some interest in the land. Ord was un-
doubtedly attorney for Gomez in filing the
original petition before the land board. Be-
fore the case got through the district court
he was appointed United States attorney for
the southern district of California. In that
court he made the case known. The papers
were read before the court; and I undertake
to say, in contradiction of what has been
said on the other side, that there is not a
particle of proof on record that Pacificus Ord
did anything but his duty; that in all he did
he was not perfectly honest and upright—not
one single word. Even the Supreme Court
put his letter explanatory of his action side by
side with their decision, so that the world may
see', as that decision goes down in history, the
motives by which he was actuated and that
they were not corrupt. He notified the court
and the authorities at Washington of his rela-
tion to the case and requested them to employ
other counsel. The tune for the hearing had
arrived, and the appellant was entitled to the
hearing even in the absence of any one to
represent the United States. The district
court was there to see no wrong done, and none
was done. Ord did nothing but disclose every-
thing he knew. He simply told the court when
the case was rea'd that he knew nothing himself
why it might not be reversed. The court had
then the decision in the Fr6mont case and that
was law to the district court. It was the duty of
the court to be governed by it, to act upon it.
Now, I say further—and I may as well say
it here as anywhere else—that unless Pacificus
Ord, as the representative of the United States,
committed actual fraud, unless he did some
actual wrong, the mere fact that he had acted
as attorney for both parties, or that he had an
interest in the matter, does not of itself make
the record fraudulent or void. The record
is only voidable when actual fraud or wrong-
doing is shown. But in this case there was no
harm done, no wrong committed. There is
not one fact before the committee or House
tending to show that the decision of the dis-
trict court was not what it would have been or
what it ought to have been. The district
court decided just as the commissioners ought
to have decided, and just as they would if the
law in the B'remont case had been then promul-
gated. There could certainly have been no
wrong committed by applying the law of the
case to the finding of the commissioners.
Nothing was done by the district court but to
conform the decision of the commissioners to
the law of the Supreme Court. Their decis-
ion was reversed solely on the ground that
the commissioners held that it was necessary
to prove actual occupation, the Supreme Court
having ruled it was not.
The law itself confirmed the title in Gomez.
What more did Pacificus Ord do? He cer-
tainly did not act longer for the claimant. Two
other attorneys, Messrs. Sloan & Hartman, ap-
peared for him. It is said they deny that they
were employed by Gomez or anybody else, and
yet the receipt of these men for their fees in
this very case, for this very service, has been
given in evidence before the committee. They
were actually retained and received their pay,
notwithstanding that they, or one of them, did
swear they were not employed. In my opin-
ion, if there be perjury in this case anywhere
it is in the denial of this employment. The
papers were read by their attorney and con-
sidered, and the case was decided by the court
after a hearing of all the papers. It was so
proved before the committee. No man who
has read the ease can deny it. There was no
snap-judgment, no surprise, no concealment,
no fraudulent practice. There was no haste
in entering this decree. The order was made
and the decree not enrolled till months after-
ward. The order was made on the 5th of June,
1857, and the decree enrolled and signed nunc
pro tuna on the 7th of January, 1858. Even
this decree was carelessly and indifferently
drawn ; so that on the 4th of February, 1858,
the same judge permitted an amended decree
to be substituted in place of the one before
mentioned. The pretense of surprise and
false practice and all such pretenses are after-
thoughts. They did not exist at the time.
They have been conjured up by the company
that is now contesting the petitioner and by
the purchased agents of this company, to cheat
and defraud McGarrahan of his rights and
property.
.The next step in the progress of this ease
was for an appeal to be taken to the United
States Supreme Court. The gentleman from
Maine says that Pacificus Ord took the appeal,
and that he took it clandestinely; that he put
a paper purporting to be an appeal surrepti-
tiously into the files. Sir, the gentleman has
drawn on his imagination alone for that state-
ment. There ia no such proof in the case.
On the contrary, it appeared in the case, and
was in proof before the committee, that he
was required to take an appeal in every one
of these land eases. They were all, without
exception, to be appealed. He did in fact
appeal several oases by the same order, cases
all of which were so recognized, so considered
by the Attorney General and the court. He
took an appeal in every case in his district, as
appears by the record of the Supreme Court
and in the proofs produced before the commit-
tee. He took it in obedience to the command
of the Attorney General. He did not do
it clandestinely. On the contrary, the record
wentup to the Supreme Court on that appeal.
It was docketed in the Supreme Court, and it
was docketed, too, in the Attorney General's
office, as was proved before us from the books
of the Attorney General's office, from his
docket, from his personal docket. And yet
the gentleman has the hardihood to assert
that this appeal was clandestine, that it was
not in fact taken. The ease is carried up to
the United States Supreme Court, docketed,
dismissed, and decree directing the execution
of the decree in the court beiow made, and
all without any knowledge of the Attorney
General that an appeal had been taken. I
assert the transcript was duly sent up and
filed, and duly dismissed, with the consent or
acquiescence of the then Attorney General,
and the.proofs in the ease show it. Jeremiah
Black knew all about this appeal. He was
applied to by Thomas Francis Meagher, as
counsel of McGarrahan, to dismiss the appeal,
and hedeclinedtodoitat the time. Inhisletter
to Mr. Meagher, dated December 18,1858, he
says thathe could not consent to the case being
dismissed, as he was then advised, but that he
might bo able to decide otherwise in a short
time; and if he preferred to wait he would
hold his decision until the return of Mr. Stan-
ton from California. No appeal; and stilLthe
Attorney General refusing to iet the appeal be
dismissed. There is not a syllable of proof in
the case of anything in a corner or hidden
away ; it was all done openly.
After Mr. Stanton's return Mr. Jeremiah
Black stood by, consenting, acquiescing in the
dismissal. The New Idria Mining Company
had not then marshaled its forces ; the muti-
lation of court records had not then com-
menced ; the attorneys for McGarrahan had
not then been bribed and begun to swear their
names off the records and proceedings of the
courts. And the mandate went forth from the
Supreme Court of the United States to the
district court of the southern district of Cali-
fornia directing them to carry that decree into
effect. And under that mandate they did go
to work. All the necessary steps were taken,
and the United States surveyors were em-
ployed to make the surveys. This case slept
on. No one interfered until about the time
when it was discovered that this land, Which
was supposed to be fit only lor a sheep-pas-
ture, this piece of wild land away down in the
lower part of California, almost worthless for
any purpose except as a range for cattle—until
it was discovered that there was a quicksilver
mine upon it.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
says that he does not know who- the New Idria
Mining Company is. Sir, he is the most for-
tunate man in the world if he has not had his
coat-tails nearly torn off by some agent of the
compauy hunting him up for the purpose of
inducing him to make the decision he has
made ! This New Idria Mining Company did
try to play their game in the dark. For three
months, while this matter was being prosecuted
before a former committee of this House, we
struggled in vain to find out who was opposing
McGarrahan's claim. Two or three attorneys
were there ; three or four agents were there ;
but they would not diselose the facts to us,
until finally we told them they should be ex-
cluded from the room unless they told us for
wliom they appeared. They then began to
show their hand; and the man must be stupid
indeed who does not know something of this
company. Its agents have been everywhere,
always present when any step was contem-
plated in the committee; and the proceedings
of the Departments and the courts and public
journals show their omnipresence.
Let it be understood by this House that the
United States on its own behalf has never
opposed any opposition to McGarrahan. The
sole opposition against McGarrahan has been
this New idria Mining Company, a large pro-
portion of the stockholders of which are hot
residents of this country, are foreigners. Only
a very small portion of the stock is owned in
this country, and that is owned by the Bank
of California and a few gentlemen connected
with it. The United States has spent hundreds
of thousands of dollars in gold to defeat
McGarrahan, for the purpose of giving this
property to this compauy tor about twenty-two
hundred dollars. One Attorney General after
auother has gone out of his office into this case
and are now in the company's service.
The gentleman has made a great deal of
talk about the small sum that Mr. McGarrahan
paid tor this land. It was many years ago that
he purchased it. It was then supposed to be
of little value. He paid $1,100 in gold for it;
all that I suppose anybody would have paid at
that time. He bought it for the purpose of
making money out of his purchase, as he had
a right to. His rights cannot depend on the
sum he paid. But when this quicksilver mine
was discovered, and its value became known,
commenced his woe and grief, then com-
menced all this fight. Then it was discov-
ered that McGarrahan had no title, that all
the action of the land commissioners, the
district court, and the dismissal of the appeal
were fraudulent. It was the weal-.' tiiat was
dug from this mine that pai.  'or Ml the fraud
and all the cry and howl of fraud of which
we have heard eo much. It whs McGarra-
han's own property and means that paid for
the effort and labor to cheat him out of it.
