134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. of Beps.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Eldridge.
41st Cons. ... 3d Sess.
His own money, in fact, against which he has
.fought twelve or more long, weary years, until
he has not now a dollar he can call his own,
in the world, until he is almost compelled
to beg from day to day in order to obtain
means to support him while he is prosecuting
his claim here. Mr. McGarrahan is, in my
opinion, an honest man. There is not upon
the record or in the proofs before the com-
mittee a particle of evidence 011 which to base
any other opinion. There is no fraud or per-
jury that can be laid at his door. Thgre is
110 record mutilaLed, no evidence suppressed,
110 bribery that can be charged to him-or any
one he lias employed. I have listened to this
ease from beginning to end, and here and now,
before God and man, declare that I believe
his case to be just and honest.
This case would have rested forever on the
decree of the district court, and 110 one
would have questioned the property and right
of McGarrahan; there would have been no
fraud charged or suspected ; the Attorneys
General would have had no trouble with it;
the whole power of the United States would
not have been pressed into service against
him, fighting this poor man, standing as he
does almost single-handed and alone, if it had
not been for the valuable mine which was
found on this land long after his purchase.
The very value of his purchase has destroyed
its value to him. The wealth he bought has
made him poor.
When this valuable mine was discovered it
was then found that Pacificus Ord had taken
a clandestine or fraudulent appeal in this case;
and then commenced the active service of the
United States officers to save and protect the
interest of the United States by cheating
McGarrahan out of the property for the pur-
pose of giving it to this soulless and powerful
mining company. This has continued ever
since. Two at least of the ex-Attorneys Gen-
eral are still 111 the employ of this company.
1 do not say they were so employed while in
the ollice. I make no charge against them of
official corruption or dishonesty, i deal only
with the evidence before the committee. On
the 7th of April, 180-1, ex-Attorney General
Black addiessed the following letter to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office:
"Siu: You will oblige 111c by ordering mo to bo
.furnished with a copy • ! your letter addressed to the
Secretin y of the Interior on the subject of the patent
applied for by the claimants of the Panoche Grande
ranch, in California.. One of the letters iL; dated
October 'i'J. 1862, the other on January 3, 1863.
"I am counsel for the United States, and desire to
use tho letteis fo'r the purpose of an argument in the
fcjupi-emo Court, whoie a question concerning this
title is now pending."
Shortly after that, and 011 the day on which
the motion was decided, he sent the following
telegram to E. S. Goold at San Francisco :
"Tho Gomez title is as Rood as dead. I told you so.
Tlie eoun denied the motion to dismiss. 1 have
dr:twn on you lor S3,OIK) in gold coin, pnyablo at
si^h i, which you prumi^ed to pay in the event of the
motion to diMni^s beini? denied. Attend to my draft
without delay or mibtuite. j g "
And lie got the money; for Mr. Goold
swears he paid it for the company. I do not
make any charge against Mr. Black. I have
always entertained the highest respect for him
both as a man and a lawyer. These are facts
that appear before lis which we can neither
blink nor ignore, showing that the United
States and the company were employing the
same counsel at the same time in the same
case, anil both against McGairahan; and I
insist, as we state in the minoiity isport, that
it ought to bo considered, and must be con-
sidered, as it seems to me, as cruel and unjust
to ihus use the power and money of the Gov-
ernment to aid one private party to defeat
ano'her. It is a reason, in my judgment at
least, for a carelul and eloper seiutiny into the
proceedings of the United States.
One thing more ; it appears in the proofs'of
the case that IS. L. Goold was, while acting as
attorney for this company, employed and paid
$1,000 retaining fee on behalf of the United
States. Mr. Goold was honest enough before
the committee to admit he was so employed,
and that the fact was known to the Attorney
General. What fair chance could McGarrahan
expect to stand with this company under such
circumstances? What but this has balked and
defeated him till now?
After this case was remanded to the south-
ern district of California the surveys were
made and Mr. McGarrahan took actual jurid-
ical possession of the land. At this time,
Mr. Smith, who was then Secretary of the
Interior, went into a very careful and scrutin-
izing examination of the whole subject, and
ordered that a patent should issue to Mr. Mc-
Garrahan. For some reason or other it was
not issued just then. Mr. Smith retired from
office; and Mr. Usher, who succeeded him,
made a patient and careful examination of the
case, as is shown by his letter giving direc-
tions as to the form in which the patent should
be made out; and the patent was made out
precisely as he had directed, with all the re-
citals which he suggested, to make it conform
to a recent statute of the United States upon
the subject. Mr. Sickles, who was an attor-
ney for Mr. McGarrahan, tells us—
"I appeared in the case of William McGarrahan;
and after hearing the Attorney General, the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and myself, the President
ordered that the said patent issue; that it was there-
upon engrossed and signed ready, for delivery, but
was not delivered, although furnished to me on a
day named."
That is Mr. Sickles's letter written at the
time, and put into the case as part of the evi-
dence before the committee. The majority
admit that letter refers to 1863, although the
figures in the letter are 1864, by some mis-
print. Here the matter stood, we should sup-
pose, settled and determined forever; and so
it was, and so it would have stood but for the
money and power of this company. It was
found the only way to prevent or -defeat the
claim was to go back and revise all the pro-
ceedings of the district court; and it is said
this has been accomplished by the decision of
the Supreme Court, which is final and con-
clusive. I11 order to do this, another appeal
must be taken to the Supreme Court. But
here they were met with a difficulty not before
encountered, which neither the money nor
power of this mighty company, nor all the
aid that could be furnished by United States
officials, nor yet by the Supreme Court itself,
can aid them to remove—the lapse of time.
They cannot, all together, roll back the wheels
of time.
The five years expired during which by our
law an appeal could Be taken from the district
to the Supreme Court. There was no power
on earth whereby the Supreme Court could
ever get jurisdiction on appeal from that de-
cree of the district court. It had become final
and irreversible. There was and is the stat-
ute, clear, distinct, and unmistakable, fixing
and limiting the time, and fixing it forever.
The five years had gone by. The Supreme
Court was bound by that law as firmly as the
humblest court in the land. It limited and
barred its jurisdiction as completely as it would
any other court.
There is another statute barring and pre-
venting the jurisdiction as well as that.
After the term at which the decree is pro-
nounced an appeal can only be taken or allowed
on citation. None was issued in this case,
and hence no appeal was ever, in fact, after
the one dismissed, taken or allowed.
The district court refused the appeal on
this ground, and refused a transcript because
the time had elapsed. The transcript on
which the court assumed to act was furnished
by the district attorney, some four or live
hundred miles away from the court, which
"was admitted before the committee to be a
garbled, incorrect transcript, without all the
proceedings in it, not showing the true record
and proceedings before the district court.
It was on that transcript that the Supremo
Court took jurisdiction and reversed this de-
cree of the district court, after almost seven
years had elapsed from the rendition of the
decree.
The gentleman from Maine says that the
Supreme Court called McGarrahan dishonest,
and called all the witnesses dishonest and
fraudulent, and that they are all covered and
buried up in perjury. All that was obiter dida
upon the part of the Supreme Court. There
was not a particle of evidence in the case
before the court to show it. It is said that
this evidence was found in other cases before
the Supreme Court. I appeal to every lawyer
in the House whether the Supreme Court can
legally attach the character of witnesses upon
proof in other cases, upon the records of other
trials? Can the court legally and justly take
witnesses in some other California cases to
determine in this case, where there was 110
proof of frauds, no proof of perjury? -Can
they take another record to impeach these
witnesses, and thus reverse the decision of the
district court?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's half
hour has expired.
Mr. WOODWARD. Before the gentleman
sits down I wish him to allow me to ask him
a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ask your questions as
quickly as you can.
Mr. WOODWARD. Are not the decisions
of the Supreme Court concfhsive as to the
question of its jurisdiction?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No. sir; the decision of
the court 011 questions of jurisdiction are never
conclusive. Anybody has the right to inquire
in reference to jurisdiction. If the decisions
of the court were to be held to be conclusive
as to its jurisdiction the question of jurisdic-
tion could never arise upon its judgment. The
court would become absolute, and could assume
all the powers of the Government. It could
override the most positive and plainest act of
the Legislature, llow often do the com ts say,
if we were so to decide our judgment would be
void for want of jurisdiction V
Mr. WOODWARD asked a question which
was inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir. I deny the court
has arbitrary power. I deny that it has a right
to fix itsown jurisdiction against a law of Con-
gress, and if it does so tho judgment is good
for nothing. I do not go so far as to admit
that the Supreme Court can disregard or repeal
a law of Congress, or that it can entertain juris-
diction of a cause or matter when the legisla-
tive branch of the Government says it shall not.
And, sir, if it has decided in favor of its
jurisdiction when it is wrong, I do not think
the legislative body is bound by that decision.
In this case we provide the manner of appeal-
ing to the Supreme Court from the decree of
the district court, and we limit the time within
which an appeal maybe taken ; we say it shall
not be done after live years. I believe that law
is binding upon the court, and that the case
cannot be appealed after that time. If the
court should after that entertain it, the judg-
ment would be void and of no effect. If this
be not so, we cannot limit the time at all. I
promised to yield half of my time to my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] I have not said
half I desired to say, but although I do not
think I have done justice either to this subject
or to myself, still I now yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky.
