742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
to this bill. I ask unanimous consent that it
may be considered now.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to appropriate $100,000 for the pur-
pose indicated in its title.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1262) to enable the united bands of Swan
Creek and Black River Chippewas, and the
Munsee or Christian Indians, to dispose of
their lands in Kansas and remove to Indian
territory; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill
(S. No. 1263) to grant the right of way through
the public lands for a railroad and telegraph
line from Walla-Walla through the Yakahama
valley across the Cascade mountains to Steila-
coom City, on Puget sound, in Washington
Territory; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public -Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1264) to extend the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1265) to expedite the administration of
justice; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 300) lehiting to the Leav-
enworth, Lawtence and Galveston Railroad
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and. by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 301) to authorize tho
Postmaster General to settle the accounts of
W. V. Rinehart,; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
ROBERT BRIUUAM.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senate will remem-
ber that last evening, by a mistake on the part
of the Clerk, who never committed an error in
his life before, I lost the opportunity of passing
a bill for the relief of a postmaster at the town
of Franklin, Pennsylvania. I therefore now
ask the Senate to take up that bill, which is
House hill No. 1115.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state, in justice to the Secretary, that when the
page brought up the Calendar to the desk he
had not his finger on the same bill which the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania had his finger upon
when he handed the Calendar to the page, and
consequently the Secretary was misled.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that; and so sure
was I that the Clerk had not committed an
error that I was willing to believe I had made
a mistake myself.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Pennsylvania, having the consent of the Senate,
prior to the adjournment last evening, to take
up the bill referred to by him, asks renewed
consent at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1115) for the relief
of Robert Brigham, late postmaster at Frank-
lin, Pennsylvania. It authorizes the proper
accountingofficers of the Treasury Department
to allow to Robert Brigham, late postmaster
at Franklin, Pennsylvania, a credit for the
sum of $2,666 93, public money, deposited in
the Venango National Bank, of Franklin, late
a United States designated depository, and
lost by the failure of the bank, without fault
or neglect on his part.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if there is a report accompanying that bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is reported
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, the Chair thinks, without amendment
and without a written report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
some explanation of the facts. It seems to me
it would be a very dangerous principle to
establish, that the Government of the United
States should pay to a public officer the money
that he lost in consequence of depositing it in
a bank which failed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Secretary has now found the
report of the House committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have that report
read.
The Chief Clerk read the report as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1115) for the relief of Bobert
Brigham, late postmaster at Franklin, Pennsyl-
vania, make the following report:
The bill provides for a credit to the officer of the
sum of $2,660 93, revenues of his office deposited in the
Venango National Bank, a designated United States
depository, which amount was subsequently lost by
the failure of the bank. -This deposit was made by
the authority of the Post Office Department, June
15, 1865, and was lost by the failure of tho bank,
March 27,1866. This authority was conditioned, how-
ever, that the deposit should be in the name and at
the risk of the officer, and that it should not inter-
fere with the prompt psiyment of the drafts of the
Department. The officer is therefore responsible.
It is the opinion, however, of the committee that
the bank was regarded by all persons as the best and
most secure place of deposit. Tho Government had
made it a depository, and thus lent it credit. The
propriety of depositing the Post Office revenues was
acknowledged by the Post Office Department. Its
failuro was occasioned by that of Culver, Penn &
Co., and under sucli circumstances that the commit-
tee are of opinion that the officer was not in fault in
tho loss of the sum, and that he ought to bo relieved
therefrom; and they therefore report back the bill,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only wish to call the
attention of Senators to this bill. I think Sen-
ators should notice the principle that is estab-
lished by it. I shall then have discharged my
duty in reference to it. Of course I have no
objection to the particular individual; I know
nothing about the case except the principle that
is established. A postmaster deposits his money
in a bank that has been designated as a public
depository. The Postmaster General instructs
him that if he does deposit it there it is at his
own risk and not at the risk of the United
States. He proceeds to make that deposit: the
bank fails, and the Government of the United
States is asked to make him good. The prin-
ciple established by the bill is simply this: that
any public officer having Government money
in his hands may deposit it in a bank that is
designated as a public depository of the United
States under instructions from his Government
that, he is responsible for it, and that if he does
so deposit it, it will be at his own risk, and in
case the bank fails the Government will make
him good.
_ Mr. CAMERON. To my mind the prin-
ciple is a just one. The Government establishes
a bank. It makes that bank its own deposit-
ory. It thus gives credit to the bauk, and it
invites individuals to put their deposits there.
If this postmaster had kept his money in his
own office, and the money had been stolen,
and he proved that it had been stolen after he
had taken proper precautions, Congress would
have released him. In this case he takes a
more safe way of protecting the money; he
puts it in a bank supposed to be perfectly safe,
and one designated by the Government to hold
its own money. I do not see how any man
with his mind not entirely controlled by legal
technicalities can object to such a bill as this.
It is strange, though, that I never can look at
things exactly as some lawyers do; and yet,
to my mind, it is perfectly right and just that
this man should be relieved. I do not know
him from Adam; I never heard of his name
until this bill was brought in here. The bill
has passed the ©ther House, has passed the
scrutiny of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads here, and was discussed last sum-
mer just as we were about adjourning, and in
a minute or two more we should have passed
the bill then. I trust there will be no objec-
tion to its passage now.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to ask for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
I think we are about to establish a principle
by the passage of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator demand the yeas and nays?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I should prefer
to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to have the
bill read. *
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, let us hear the
report again.
The Chief Clerk read the report.
Mr. PRATT. I will inquire from what com-
mittee that report comes?
Mr. POMEROY. From the Committee on
Claims of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PRATT. Has this bill ever been re-
ferred to any committee of this body?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. PRATT. Is there any report from that
committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ There is not.
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee usually in
such cases adopt the report of the committee
of the House, if it is agreeable to them, and
have done so in this case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should judge from that
report that this was a special deposit by this
postmaster, and not a deposit in the ordinary
course of business as postmaster. I do not
see exactly how it happens thai, this amount
remained so long in the bank and under the
instructions of the Post Office Department
that it should not interfere with the drafts
of the Department, as though it was some
arrangement that the postmaster had made
with the bank for his personal advantage. I
think if a postmaster in the ordinary transac-
tion of his business from day to day makes
deposits in a national bank, and that bank
fails, without any fault of his, there is reason
why he should be relieved; but if he makes
a deposit in a bank and suffers it to lie there
for months, as this deposit seems to have
remained, then it presents a different question.
Mr. CAMERON. This case does not strike
my mind at all as it does the mind of the Sen-
ator from Oregon. I take it for granted that
this was a regular deposit. Tho Postmaster
General certainly could make no bargain with
the postmaster that he should leave a particular
sum there for his own use. The postmaster
says, as I understand it, that he made applica-
tion, and that he was allowed to put the money
there on condition that it could be drawn out
at all times upon drafts. That was a matter
of course. The drafts would have to be paid,
or else he would be driven out of office. Ha
could have made no such agreement as that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount involved in
this bill is not large, but the principle is a very
dangerous one, as Senators will see if they
will only reflect upon it. Certain banks are
selected as Government depositories, but the
Government takes care to secure its deposits
in those banks by requiring bonds to be filed
by the banks sufficient to secure them. Now,
it cannot be claimed that those bonds will
secure a deposit made by an officer in violation
of law, because it so happens that the law
forbids any Government officer from depos-.
