1568
THE COtfQREiSSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 23,
occupied by these Indians, is something that
cannot, in my judgment, be maintained. I
have no expectation that it will cost any such
sum, and the proposition to reduce ittp $10,000
even is one that can hardly be defended. It
ought to be reduced much pi ore than that.
If I am not very much mistaken as to the
location of these Indians, the goods can be
got to them for a very much less gum:
Mr. HARLAN. I felt almost sure that
there was some explanation that w^a satis-
factory to the committee for their suggestion
for this l^rge. reduction; but they have evi-
dently supposed thftt this applied merely to
the transportation for the Bannocks, the last
band named, but it covers the transportation
for all the different bands named on pages
50, 51,52, and 53 of the bill, being the eastern
band, the western bands, the northwestern
bands, the Goship bands, and the Shoshones
and Bannocks, divided into two bands known
as the Shoshones and the Bannocks. They
are scattered over a large district of country,
and hence the necessity for the increase of the
appropriation to carry the goods to them-
Mr. COLE. They are located it} Nevada,
as I understand.
Mr. HARLAN. Not all fif them. They
are in Utah and Idaho as well as in the north-
ern part of Nevada.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, reducing this appro-
priation from $15,000 to $10,000.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. HARLAN. That ought not to be re-
duced. After the explanation which has been
given, I am surprised that even the acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
should vote fo.r it. I ask that the question be
taken again.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair will
again request Senators to vote in the affirm-
ative or negative. The Committee of the
Whole, on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations, reduced the amount for
the insurance and transportation of goods that
may be purchased for the Shoshones and Ban-
nocks from $15,000 to $10,000. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs oppose concurrence
in that amendment, and desire the amount to
stand as the clause came from the House of
Representatives.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. POMERQY. I think the word " insur-
ance" ought to be stricken out o.f that clause,
I do not believe that we ought to ipsure these
goods.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It runs through
the entire bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that; but before
we get through with the bill I propose to strike
out the word "insurance" wherever it occurs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be done
after the amendments of the Committee on
Indian Affairs have been disposed of.
Mr. HARLAN. These goods will be
shipped by rail, and the Department never
insures goods that are sent in that way, but
when they are sent by water it is necessary to
insure them,
Mr. POMEROY. Formerly these goods
were seat up the Missouri river and tpok a
circuitous route by water, and this, phrase has
come down to us from ye^r to. year in that way.
Mr. HARLAN. As these goods will go by
rail, I have no objection to the $jnepdment in
this case.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the word " insur-
ance" stricken out wherever it occurs in the
bill | but I move now to strike it out in this
clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the words "insurance and'' will be
stricken out of this paragraph. The Chair
hears no objection. .
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 53, line twelve hun-
dred and ninety-three, to strike out " forty " .
and insertthirty," so as to make the appro-
priation for tjie Shoshones and Bannacks and
other bands of Idaho and southeastern Oregon
$4O,0OQ.
. The f ICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
051 jpdian Affairs recommend the restoration
of the amount as fixed in the bill as it came
frfim the House of Representatives. The ques-
tion is on concurring with the Committee of
the Whole in reducing this amount to $30,fH)0.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to state tnatthese
Indians are located upon two separate reser-
vations, one in Idaho and one in Oregon.
There are no treaty stipulations with the In-
dians on the reservation in Oregon, and I do
not know that there are any with the Indians
in Idaho. Therefore, it is necessary to make
a liberal appropriation. There is no treaty
stipulation hy which they are furnished with
anything, and consequently the House have
fhfed the appropriation for them at $40,000,
and it should not be reduced less than that.
That will only give f20,000 for each reserva-
tion, for employes and everything.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will concur
with the Committee of the Whole in that re-
duction. I would not ask it if we had not been
appropriating all along for several pages of
the bill large amounts of money for the " Sho-
shones and Bannacks and piher bands of
Idalio and southeastern Oregon." There are
appropriations for these tribes under different
names in different localities almost without
number.
Mr. CORBETT. The appropriations for
these Indians are less than the appropriations
for any other Indians in any portion of the
country. The House, I am sure, have fixed
the appropriation low enough. They scrutin-
ized these matters very closely. I found it
very difficult to get any appropriation high
enough in the House, and I trust that the
Senate will not reduce the appropriation for
these Indians. It merely gives $40,000 for
the Indians on two reservations, and was in-
serted by the House. I hope that it will be
rst&iQod
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question is on concur-
ring in the amendment striking out "forty
thousand" and inserting "thirty thousand."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was oh page 54, line twelve hun-
dred and ninety-nine, after the words " Sioux
and different tribes " to insert "including San-
tee Sioux, in the State of Nebraska."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is
merely an amendment to one oF the headings
in the bill, and if no objection be interposed
it will be considered as agreed to. The next
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, in line thirteen hundred
and twenty-one, page 55, struck out the words
"two hundred ana thirty-six" and inserted
"one hundred and eighty-six," making the
appropriation $186,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The Clerk has passed over
one amendment, to be found on page 54, lines
thirteen hundred and fifteen and thirteen hun-
dred and sixteen. The Senate, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, agreed, as I understand, to
strikeout" $159,400" and insert" $136,700."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
among the printed amendments of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, but it can be sub-
mitted now.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is not among the
amendments, it is an inadvertence on the part
of the printer. It is among the written amend-
ments that were sent to the printer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, in line thirteen hundred
and fifteen struck out "fifty-nine" and in-
serted " thirty-sixand also struck out the
word "four" before "hundred " and inserted
"seven;" so as to make the appropriation
for clothing for the Sioux of different tribes
$130,700.
Mr, COLE. I do not think the Committee
on Appropriations have had notice of that
amendment; at least I do not remember that
they have had. It is not in the printed list of
the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator has
it in the written amendments which I sent to
him. It is in mine, at all events, and I have
no doubt it is in his.
Mr. COLE. I have here the bill as sent to
us from the Committee on Indian Affairs; but
I do not remember that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I might explain several
of these amendments. I am informed by the
head of the Department that these reduc-
tions probably could all be agreed to without
detriment to the service on this great Sioux
reservation if the number of Indians had not
increased and was not likely to increase
during the coming year; but Red Cloud and
his Indians have agreed to come down and
settle on this reservation, to acquiesce in the
terms of the treaty; so that the number of
Indians will be greatly augmented during the
coming year above the number of last year,
and will have to be provided for; and the
Department is of opinion that it will be impos-
sible to get along with a less amount than the
House has agreed to appropriate.
We include, however, in this amendment
another band of Indians which were not esti-
mated for by the Department, so that if we
sustain the text of the bill as it came to us
from the House it will really be a practical
reduction per capita. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, therefore, will have to insist
or their opposition to all these amendments
reducing the appropriations for the Sioux. It
seems to hie it would be very foolish policy
for the Government of the United States, after
having collected these wild bands of Indians
that have given us so much trouble, and have
cost the Government so many millions of dol-
lars during the last few years in prosecuting
war against them, to change the policy now,
and not appropriate the amount which the
treaties require..
Mr. COLE- I believe the amendment under
consideration is in line thirteen hundred and
fifteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
^men^ment.
Mr. CQLB. I think the Committee on
Appropriations have not had notice of it, and
unless it is embodied in this copy of the bill
which has b.een sent to us, I submit to the
Senator that he has; hardly given notice of it.
Mr, HARLAN. The honorable Senator
ought not to he so technical. I intended to
give him a written verbatim copy of my amend-
ments. I sent him a copy, and I think this
amendment is in it; but if it is not it is a merg
inadvertence. He has had notice of the gen-
eral subject, and I am sure he cannot reconcile
it to his own judgment of propriety to become
technical over a matter of such vast import-
ance as this.
Mr. COLE. If it did not involve so large a
sum of money I might not be so technical.
Mr, HARLAN. Very well. Let me state
to the Senator that it is not an original amend-
ment. I resist the amendment that he pro-
poses from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. Very well. We will consider
it in that light if the Senator insists upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment cannot be objected to
as a point of order.
Mr. COLE. I will not insist upon that, hut
will content myself by stating that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations have put these amounts
in precisely the same form that they were acted
upon last year. We have given to these In-
dians the same appropriations that were given
