1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
748
iting in any bank, or anywhere except in the
sub-Treasury or in his own office. That is the
old sub-Treasury law, with which my friend
from Pennsylvania is familiar. Consequently,
the Postmaster General had no authority, no
power, to authorize this money to be depos-
ited ; but the Postmaster General might draw
on the money in the postmaster's possession
as he pleased unli! it was called for by the
Government in ordinary course, the postmas-
ter himself being responsible for it, whether it
■was kept in his own house or kept in a bank.
I am very much afraid, if this principle is
adopted, that the Government of the United
States will be held to guaranty all deposits by
our officers in the ordinary course of business
in national banks, which would be a very dan-
gerous principle to adopt. I should like very
much to vote to pay the postmaster $2,000,
but I am very much afraid of establishing the
principle that we guaranty ail deposits by offi-
cers in national banks.
Mr. RAMSEY. On the other hand, the
Senate ought to consider the hard condition of
twenty or thirty thousand postmasters in the
United States to whom you do not furnish any
secure means of keeping money, and you go
to no expense to enable them to keep securely
the funds of the Government. You do not
furnish them with a safe ; you compel them to
t^ke all the risk and hazard upon themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to that I will say
that any postmaster can at any time remit
money to the proper public depository, to the
sub treasury of the United States, or to the Post
Office Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. This bank was a Govern-
ment depository, and this man, for security if
you please, corresponds with the Postmaster
General and gets this permission; otherwise
he would have kept the money, probably, in a
box in hishouse. You do not furnish him with
a safe.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is a point in this case
which has not been observed by any Senator.
Under our money-order system postmasters,
where the office is a money-order office, have
t,o keep quite a large amount of money on
hand; and I do not suppose that this exact
sum was deposited at the time mentioned in
the report, but a deposit was commenced then,
and the Department drew occasionally upon
this postmaster, and when money orders came
to his office he drew upon this deposit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire look at the dates? This
was long before the money-order system was
adopted.
Mr. CRAGIN. I know that is the practice
now in my own town.
Mr. TRU.MBULL. There was no money-
order system then.
Mr. CRAGIN. Not in 1858 ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not when this defalca-
tion occurred.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to their otherwise hard condi-
tion if postmasters cannot be allowed to deposit
in Government depositories unless at their own
risk. We have now. upon our Calendar some
ten or fifteen bills reimbursing postmasters for
moneys of which they have been robbed, be-
cause you furnished them no secure place of
deposit for their funds. This man, to make
himself secure, and the Government as well
as himself secure, asked permission to make a
dsposit in this Government depository, one of
your own national banks, and that permission
seems to have been extended to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How extended to him ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not speaking of the
terms, but of the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was extended to him
in a letter, by which he was expressly in-
structed that if he put the money there it
would be at his own risk.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is nine months ago since
the matter was under consideration before the
committee, and the particulars of the case I
I forget, except as they are shown in the report,
u j w.ai>t_is to have the Senate consider the
hardships imposed upon postmasters unless
you allow this kind of rcliof to thcni wlisr©
they deposit in the national depositories.
Mr. CAMERON. I am always surprised,
when a question of this kind comes up, to see
!| how some minds catch at that which is inju-
ij nous to the applicant. The Senator from Ohio,
jj the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
l| referred to the sub-Treasury law which made
II it penal for any officer to deposit money in a
ji bank. Everybody knows that; but everybody
ij ought to know that that law became obsolete
j: because of the impossibility of obeying its
i i instructions. Men could not make a deposit
for fear of being imprisoned under that law
unless they had permission from the head of
the Department to which the money belonged;
and under that usage this postmaster applied
to the proper head of his Department, the
Postmaster General, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral said, as he only could say, " You can put
the money there, but you must meet my drafts."
He could not give him legal authority to deposit
the money, nor could anybody else; but every
Department of this Government for years
considered that sub-Treasury law as entirely
impossible to be carried ont, and during the
whole war nobody ever thought of depositing
money under that law and for years before;
and it is not done now.'
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remind my friend
from Pennsylvania of another fact. In the
original national banking law we authorized
Government officers to deposft public money
in the national banks; but it was found to
lead to such abuses that the very next year we
promptly repealed it for fear large sums might
be deposited in national banks which would
be lost under circumstances precisely like
Mr. CAMERON. Now let me tell the Sen-
ator how this was. Mr. Culver was a member
of Congress at the time he had that bank in
the oil regions. He had banks all over the
country. He was one of those extraordinary
men who rise up in a day and who go down
directly ; but he had the entire confidence of
the people of Ohio, for he was an Ohio man
who came over into Pennsylvania and prac-
ticed his arts on us. His bank broke up, leav-
ing him in debt to the Government, I believe,
over a million dollars; I think twelve, thir-
teen, or fourteen hundred thousand dollars ;
money deposited there by direction of the
Treasury Department, but owing to one of
those extraordinary freaks of business in this
country, I was told the other day that property
which he had, and which when he failed was
considered to be worthless, and which was
given to the Government as security, will now
not only pay that large debt, but leave him a
large surplus besides; so that ultimately the
Government will lose nothing in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania will please suspend. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the bill repealing
the income tax is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Perhaps I shall be allowed
to say a word more. I just waut to finish my
sentence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Pennsylvania desires unanimous consent
to complete his remarks. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. CAMERON. This bank was in the oil
region. Culver had a great deal of real estate
when it failed which was supposed to be worth-
less ; but I was just saying that as it has turned
out to bo valuable the Government will lose
no part of this money, as I understand, and
he will yet be a man of large fortune. I trust
the bill will pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
10?3) to repeal so much of the act approved
July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes,_ and for other purposes," as
continues the income tax after the 31st day
of December, A. D. 1869, is before the Senate
as the unfinished business of yesterday, and
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Bucking-
ham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Connec-
ticut give way a moment ia order that I may
call up the pension appropriation bill that it
may be disposed of this morning?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If it will not take
much time.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut consents that the unfinished busi-
ness may be passed over.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that as
the yeas and nays are ordered on Mr. Brig-
ham's bill we had better finish it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Pennsylvania aska unanimous consent that the
Senate may vote upon the passage of the bill
which has been discussed. Is there objection
to that proposition ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let its vote and dispose
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the yeas and nays will now be taken.
The Chair hears no objection ; and the ques-
tion is on the passage of the House bill for the
relief of Robert Brigham, late postmaster at
Franklin, Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should vote in
favor of that bill but for the fact that the Post-
master General instructed this officer that if
he made this deposit it would be at his own
risk. On that account I vote against the bill.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I shall vote for the bill
precisely upon the facts stated by my distin-
guished friend from Pennsylvania. There
seems to have been nothing like dishonesty
attaching to this man. There is merit in the
case beyond question. If we have power to
relieve him, I think it certainly should be done.
He deposited this money where he would have
deposited his own. Due diligence has been
shown on his part in taking care of the inter-
ests of the Government, and I think he ought
to be relieved.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow.
Cameron, Chandler, Corbett, Cratch), Flanagan,
Fowler. Howard. Morton. Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Scott, Spraerue, Tipton, Vickers, and Yates—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Buckingham, Casserly.Cole,
Edmunds, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Johnston,
Morrill ofVermont,Patterson, Pratt, Sawyer,Schurzi,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman,
Trumbull. Williams, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard. Car-
penter, Cattell, Conkling, Davis, Fenton, Ferry,
Gilbert. IJamilton of Maryland. Hamlin, Harlan,
Howe. Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn. Pomeroy, Pool,
Bevels, Ross, Sauslbury, Stearns, Sumner, Thayer.
Warner, and Willey—32.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON subsequently moved to
reconsider the vote rejecting the bill; and the
motion was entered.
pension appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut having the floor on the unfin-
ished business, yields it to the Senator from
California to call up the pension appropriation
bill, subject to a demand for the regular order
if it gives rise to debate. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears none.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2529)
making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1872.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
an amendment, to add to the bill the following
clause:
For the ratable increase of pensions above the rate
heretofore authorized by law, provided for in an act
of the present session of Congress entitled * An act
increasing the pensions of disabledsoldiers and sail-
ors, and of the widows and children of deceased sol-
diers and sailors," $5,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is extraor-
dinary, to provide an appropriation for a pay-
ment which is not yet authorized by law, and
