1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Hotchkiss.
Ho. of Reps.
Claim of McGarrahan.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. HOTCHKISS,
OF NEW YORK,
In tub House of Representatives,
February 18, 1871.
The House having under consideration the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary on the memorial
of William McGarrahan—
Mr. HOTCHKISS said:
Mr. Speaker: Beinga member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and agreeing in the
conclusion of the report of the majority, I feel
unwilling that so important a question as this
should be decided without expressing my views
and calling the attention of the House to some
few facts that are conceded. I do not agree
with the gentleman who last addressed the
House, that the adoption of the majority report
will give the land to the New Idria Company.
I do not agree that there is the slightest danger
of that being done, because the President of
the United States has planted his foot upon
that scheme, and has done so in spite of all
the efforts to induce him to consent to it. In
doing so he has proved his integrity before
the American people, to that extent that it
has extorted fj'Oin his opponents their com-
mendation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say further
that I do not wish the New Idria Company to
have this laud. They have no claim whatever
to it; and 110 one would pretend that they have
the slightest chance of obtaining it if it had
not become the policy of this Government to
fritter away the finest patrimony that a Gov-
ernment ever had under the sun. We scatter
our public lands broadcast, as though they
were of no valife: and it may be that Congress
will give this land to the New Idria Company.
But General Grant's administration never will,
nor will any one in the Land Office.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say a word or
two about this claim of McGarrahan, for there
are a few facts in the case that govern the
case in my estimation ; and all this flood of
history that is showered upon us here throws
but little light upon it in a heated discussion
on this floor, where men's sympathies are
appealed to for this ''poor exile of Erin." A
few words will show you who this " poor exile
of Erin" is. I will admit that he "sighs for
bis country," and that he is "wandering alone
by the wind-beaten hill." All that is true.
But who and what is he? One Gomez asserted
a claim to this tract of land; he applied to the
commissioners appointed by the Government,
and they decided against him. That is a fixed
fact. It is said they decided the facts for him,
but the law against him. That is to say, they
gave a good decision, and gave a foolish rea-
son for it. When a case is decided against
a party, when he has no standing in court,
sometimes it is put on one ground and some-
times on another. Gomez's attorney was one
Pacificus Ord. Pacificus had a laudable desire
to improve his own condition. [Laughter.]
After that decision, and before it was brought
before the district court on appeal, Mr. Ord
was appointed attorney of the Government.
Then he had the matter under his own control.
Gomez said to him, "Now, you see that this
thing is made right and you shall have one
half." "All right," said Mr. Ord; "we will
go in." He took his title to one half of the
claim. Now, mark what an astute man Pacifi-
cus was. He did not put the title on record
then, because some one would have seen it.
He did not even put it in a safe in California,
because that might be easily broken open ; but
he carried it with him in his pocket. What
next? Why, Gomez had got a good thing
that he could sell out, and he sold it to the
McGarrahan bought
" poor exile of Erin
out Gomez.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I would ask the House
to extend the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts just so long as I occupy it to
the satisfaction of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
should never get the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. There is no danger of
my doing any harm, because the gentleman
from Massachusetts is on my track, and he
will correct all the wrong I do.
The SPEAKER^ro tempore, (Mr. Dickey.)
Does the gentleman from Massachusetts yield
further to the gentleman from New York?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir,
I cannot.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I move that the
time of the gentleman from Massachusetts be
extended ten minutes.
Mr. PETERS. Oh, no; that is impossible ;
there has got to be another hour speech, and
the vote ought to be taken to-night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to extending the time of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] for ten
minutes, for the benefit of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss?]
Mr. PETERS. Well, say five minutes.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Oh, no; ten minutes.
The SPEAKER jpro tempore. Is there
objection to extending the time ten minutes?
' No objection was made, and the extension
of time was accordingly made.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. At this point of time
this man McGarrahan intervened and bought
out Gomez, and took in Pacificus Ord as part-
ner, knowing that Ord was district attorney
for the United States, knowing that Ord had
been bribed by Gomez, knowing all about it,
and agreeing to carry out the corrupt bargain
between Gomez and Ord; and then he went
to the district court and went through all this
farce, with the power of the United States in
Ord's hands. McGarrahan stood by, paying
the fees of the gentleman employed there to
appear for the claimant. And the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] claims that Mc-
Garrahan was an honest man by showing that
he paid this man Hartman for his services in
the district court, and exhibits the bill that
McGarrahan paid. No doubt about that. He
did pay the fee, knowing he was colluding with
a bribed attorney of the United States, and
that he was getting a decree there which is
the foundation of this whole claim, a decree
conceived in fraud and not entitled to the
slightest consideration. That matter has been
brought up to the Supreme Court of the United
States, which court has overruled that decree,
with every fact before it, and against every
objection that ingenuity could devise and in-
terpose. And because the law does not give
this land to McGarrahan, because the courts
do not give it to him, he now appeals to Con-
gress to give it to him.
Now, let us understand what we are about.
If you choose to give this land to McGarra-
han, give it to him ; but do not do it blind-
folded.
There is one other thing to which I wish to
call attention. It is said that when McGarra-
han went into partnership with Ord he was
honest. It is not necessary to apply to him
the rule that he only purchased a decree of
the court, and that he bought only what the
vendor had to sell. It is not necessary to
resort to what might be called a technical rule.
But the rule of common honesty is sufficient.
He knew what he was buying, and he knew
the circumstances under which he baught.
But they say that he was an Irishman, and was
deceived in this matter; that they cheated him
out of his money in this way. Why, sir, I
resent that statement as a reproach upon the
character of Irishmen. They know what they
are about in this country, especially one who
has found his way to California. [Laughter.]
Now, before any patent is given into Mc-
Garrahan's hands this whole thing is stopped
by a decision of the Supreme Court of ihe
United States. You need not stop to inquire
about all the machinery gone through with,
all that has been done in the Land Office.
That all avails nothing. If McGarrahan had
the patent in his hands to-day, with this de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United
States staring him in the face, the patent
would be entirely valueless. It does not mat-
ter who revoked it. The Supreme Court of
the United States have given a judgment that
renders it null and void, and he could not get
possession of this land if he had all the pat-
ents that could have been issued, pursuant to
that decree, from the time they went into that
court in California up to this day.
But there is one other feature in this matter.
If McGarrahan is the houestman he claims to
be, I would like to know why he turned around
here and asked for the whole of this laud,
ignoring the common principle that is known
among men who operate in this line? Here
is poor Pacificus Ord, with just as good a title
to one half of this claim as McGarrahan has
to the other half.
Ord has been far the more enterprising of
the two ; he took far greater risks than Mc-
Garrahan. For his share of the common labor
in this field of venture, Ord had to flee his coun-
try when detected; McGarrahan purchased
a half interest in the joint scheme of Gomez
and Ord and risked a few paltry dollars. Ord
staked everything he possessed, McGarrahan
comparatively nothing. It is true Ord is said
to be dead; died probably in some foreign land.
But, where are his widow and heirs? They are
innocent parties, in fact and iti law; and in all
these years of strife for this plunder I have
heard no call for protection for the widow and
heirs of Pacificus Ord. Why this strange
neglect? Ord betrayed his trust for the ben-
efit of himself and family as well as for Mc-
Garrahan, and if virtue is at last to be rewarded
I insist that we shall enforce upon McGarra-
han the time-honored rule of "honor among
thieves."
A movement has been inaugurated here to
rescue the name of Judas Iscariot from some
measure of the reproach that public opinion
has cast upon it. My attention was first called
to this by "a remark made" by the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. This was
appropriate, Judas being a foreigner. Now
the gentleman from Kentucky, with greater
reason, brings Judas into this case; and while
we have Judas in hand we ought to do full
justice to the subject. Judas's property was
taken by the high priest and invested in land
for public use, and the rights of his heirs
wholly disregarded. The injustice of this
measure is too glaring to need comment. The
rights of Ord's family stand upon the same
broad constitutional grounds. The title to the
thirty pieces of silver and the Ord, Gomez,
and McGarrahan title to the Pauoche Grande
rancho were acquired by the same means.
Had Judas left a surviving partner, as Ord
did, few strangers would have ever slept in
peace in that "Potter's Field."
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman's time has expired.
Mr. HOrCHKiSS. I have not spoken ten
minutes nor five.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. At the time the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Hotchkiss] resumed
his remarks under the extension of time grant-
ed by the House, I turned and looked at the
clock, and it was exactly four o'clock; it is
