744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
to recite in an appropriation bill an act which
has not yet been passed. I submit that if the
bill which has passed the Senate shall pass
the House of Representatives the $30,000,000
appropriation in this bill cannot be exhausted
until after the next session, and if the bill which
the Senate has already passed shall be passed
by the House there will be ample time at the
next session to supply the deficiency.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course, Mr. President,
it is merely a question of convenience. This is
not making an appropriation for an expendi-
ture not authorized by law, because it is not an
appropriation until the other body, that must
agree to the other bill, agrees to this amend-
ment. As they both will go there together we
thought it would be much more convenient in
disposing of appropriations to have all the
money that was to be spent in a given year
appropriated in one single bill. It is merely a
matter of convenience; and inasmuch as this
amendment, with the bill to vhich it refers,
goes to the House of Bepresentatives, if they
do not pass the bill they will disagree to this
amendment, and if they pass the bill they will
agree to the amendment; and that is the end
of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of conven-
ience I suggest to the Senator that this would
be a very inconvenient thing to do, because
this bill goes to the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House, and the other bill goes
to the Committee on Pensions of the House,
and the Committee on Appropriations will not
know anything about the action of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and probably neither com-
mittee will know the action of the body until
the very last hours of the session. It is soon
enough to appropriate money when the law
requires it; and it seems to me that it is rather
hastening the process when we appropriate in
anticipation of the.passage of a law. It strikes
me, therefore, that this amendment had better
not be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would boa very extra-
ordinary state of things in the other branch,
of which we must speak with respect, that
the Committee on Appropriations should not
know what the House had done with a bill
which required an appropriation of money.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be in the very
last hours of the session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose it should be.
This bill does not go to any committee, but
goes on the Speaker's table, and there it waits.
Certainly I had no disposition—and I am sure
the committee had none—to hasten matters,
as my friend says, about this appropriation;
but if there is any one abuse in the adminis-
tration of the law it is having a dozen differ-
ent appropriations for the same object in a
dozen different bills; and therefore, if the ad-
ditional pensions are'to be paid, it is highly
desirable that the whole of the money to be
expended for one fiscal year should be in one
bill so that the people, the Departments, and
everybody else may know what is the aggre-
gate expenditure of the Government. That
is the manly way.
Besides, as my friend from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] suggests, if this amendment should
happen to become a law, and the other bill
should fail, this money could not be used;
but then this will not become a law until the
body to whom both are sent determines what
is to be done. I think I could point out to my
friend from Ohio very easily, if ho would give
me a little time, instances of bills comingfrom
the Committee on Finance where analogous
measures, in view of anticipated legislation,
arcproposed to the House in order to expedite
business. That is all there is to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes rae that this
is a bad way of legislating.^ There is no very
great importance, perhaps, in it here; but if we
do it in this case we shall do it in others. The
law has not yet passed increasing the pensions
to the extent ot $5,000,000 per annum. It is
said the money will not be used if that bill
does not become a law ; but I do not believe
in appropriating money that is not to be used.
It puts it in the hands of the officers, and
then it is diverted to other purposes frequently.
I know we have had a great many bills passed
in Congress, since I have been a member, where
we have been told they did not require any
appropriation of money, and therefore they
went through without objection. And why did
they require no appropriation? Because money
had been appropriated for some purpose which
had not been used, and these bills took money
out of the Treasury just the same.
In this easel would not appropriate $5,000,-
000 until there was a law requiring it. I think
the committee had better not insist on the
amendment, but let the bill pass through just
as the House passed it. and then it is a law;
and it will take no time to make the other
appropriation. It can be put on to some of
the other appropriation bills in case the House
should pass the bill the Senate has already
passed ; or hereafter in another year it can all
be made right in case the House agrees with
the Senate to increase the pensions. I think
the amendment had better not be put on this
bill.
Mr. COLE. With the exception of this last
clause, involving the amount embodied in the
bill which passed the Senate a few days ago,
the appropriation bill is precisely as it came
from the House of Representatives. It appro-
priates the amount of $29,050,000, which, it
will be observed, is $950,000 less than the
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury for
that use.
There is a good deal of force in what was
said by my colleague upon the Committee on
Appropriations, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Pensions, that it is well to have all the
appropriations for kindred objects embodied
in the same bill; and I can see no very strong
reason why tbis question should not be sub-
mitted to the House, where it must necessarily
go with this amendment, and where, of course,
it will not pass unless first is passed the bill
authorizing these additional pensions. It was
believed by the committee that the amount
embodied in this clause is about the amount
which will be required to meet the additional
pensions—$5,000,000.
I presume, however, the committee are not
extremely tenacious on the subject, and would
not feel it to be any very great inconvenience or
any very great incongruity in the law if this
clause should be embodied in a subsequent
bill, and 6ne which might be passed after the
other has passed the House. But this con-
tingency might arise : that the other bill might
not be reached until the last days .of the ses-
sion, and that is very likely, because we know
what pressure of business there is at the pres-
ent time on the table of the Speaker of the
House, and if that bill should pass only at a
very late stage of the session, this being re-
served of course until that had passed, it would
probably find us in the predicament of having
a law authorizing these pensions without any
appropriation to meet them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Probably a majority of
the Senate, by the appearance of things, are
averse to this addition, and therefore I suggest
to the Senator having the bill in charge that it
had better be laid aside and wait here until we
find out something as to the result in the other
House, because I think it of very great import-
ance to keep all appropriations for one subject
in one bill. I suggest to him—of course I do
not make the motion—whether this bill had not
better be put on the Calendar again, and wait
awhile until we see whether this amendment
is necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On putting the
question upon the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, the Chair stated that,
by the sound, the noes appeared to have it.
The noes have it, no division being demanded.
The bill waa reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
columbia institution.
Mr. PATTERSON, a director of the Insti-
tution on the part of the Senate, presented a
report of the receipts and disbursements of the
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
for the year ending June 00, 1870; which was
ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In connection
with the report just presented, the Chair sub-
mits a letter from the president of the Institu-
tion, directed to him on behalf of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
columbia institution
fob the deaf and dumb,
washington. d. c., January 26,1s71.
sik: Ihavethe honor, in submitting the inclosed
communication, as required by law, to invite the
Senate of tho United States to be present at the dedi-
cation of tho main central building of this Institu-
tion on Sunday afternoon next at three o'clock.
rXhe President of the United States, acting in his
capacity as patron of this Institution, will preside
over tho exercises of dedication.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
g. m. (jalla.udet, President.
Hon. sciiuylek colfax, President of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
take notice of this invitation. The letter will
be laid on the table.
steamship meteor.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope the Senator
from Connecticut, who is entitled to the floor
on the regular order, will yield to me to have
a resolution referring a claim to the Court of
Claims passed. It will take but a. moment.
It is Senate resolution No. 242.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I yield for that pur-
pose.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 242) relative to the steamship Me-
teor was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to refer the memorial of Robert B. Forbes,
John M. Forbes, W. H. Aspinwall, A. A.
Low and Brothers, Leonard W. Jerome, E.
B. Ward, M. H. Simpson, James Lawrence,
H. S. Russell, and Theodore Lyman, execu-
tors; Richard S. Rodgers, J. G. Cushing, W.
B. Bacon, J. P. Boyley, James Davis, and d.
F. Tnekerman, owners of the steamship Me-
teor, (built to be tendered to the Government
for the pursuit of the rebel cruiser the Ala-
bama. and wrongfully seized and detained at
New York in 1865, by authority of the United
States,) and all papers relating thereto, to the
Court of Claims for examination, and the
allowance of the amount of damages actually
sustained by the owners by reason of such
wrongful seizure and detention, the judgment
rendered by the court to be paid out of the
appropriations duly made to pay judgments
rendered by it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
district territorial government.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the bill
(S. No. 594) to provide a government for the
District of Columbia as it passed the Senate,
and the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives thereto, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
569) to provide for the disposition of useless
military reservations, with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The.message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2866) to amend
an aet relating to pensions, approved July
