i&6
APPENDIX I'd
OOSfG-EESSIONAL1 GLOBE.
[February 185
-Ho. of Reps,
Claim of McGarrahan^—Mr. Butler.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
now but five minutes past four o'clock. Per-
haps the Ohair is under the impression that
the extension of time wag for bat live minutes*
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was for
ten minutes.
Mr.SCOFIELD. Thegentlemanhasspoken
but five minutes:
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The indicator
before the Ghair must have been wrongly set.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotoh-
kiss] will proceed.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. I wish to say that before
this House lends itself to be the tool of opera-
tors and lobby agents, and yields to the appeals
to its sympathy in behalf of every poor, needy
adventurer who wants to get the public lands,
J hope they will bestow all the time upon this
case that may be necessary to make it clearly
understood. It will not be time thrown away
to have this matter fairly ventilated; and I am
ready to vote for the resolution of the gentle-
man from Illinois or any other resolution that
will put the machinery of this Government
into motion, to take possession of that land,
and so use that possession and the title of this
Government as to turn into thepublic Treasury
millions that belong to us and not to McGar-
ralian or the New Idria Mining Company, or
any of the retainers on either side.
Claim of McGamliiin.
SPEECH OF HON. B. P. BUTLEB,
01' massachusetts,
f
In the House of Repkesestattves,
February 18, 1871.
The House having under consideration the report
of the Judiciary Cummitteo on the memorial of
William McGarrahan—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker: I bfusve that the only ques-
tion discussed before the Committee on the
Judiciary was whether this land belonged to
the New Idria Mining Company or to Mr. Mc-
Garrahan. A former report of the committee
had declared McGarrahan entitled to it. In
the course of the discussion I suggested that it
seemed to me the land belonged to neither; and
if the House will bear with me, I will make a
simple statement ot the facts without calling
any hard names or using any hard words. I
wish the House to understand exactly the*etate
of facts in reference to this question.
In 1853 one Gomez put before the United
States land commission for California a claim
to this rauf'lio Panoche Grande. The land
commission decided that he had a good paper
title of grant, but that he had not taken judi-
cial possession. Gomez's petition in the case
was signed by Pacificus Ord, the attorney of
Gomez. The decision of the commission was
appealed from to the district court of the Uni-
ted States for California.
While that appeal was pending General
Fremont's case was decided by the Supreme
Court, the decision being that any man having
a good paper title need not have taken judicial
possession to support his claim under the
treaty. Prom this it appeared that if the land
commission had decided rightly as to the facts,
and that decision was not questioned, that the
district court was bound, iollowing the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court, to give a title to
Gomez. Confessedly, this claim of Gomez
was prosecuted by Ord on a contingent fee, he
being allowed an interest of one half in the
land. He signed the petition as attorney. In
the mean tune Ord had been made United
States distiict attorney, and when this claim
came up he passed it oW>r to another coun-
selor, who brought it before the district court
to have the court decide on the question of
law as the Supreme Court had decided. The
district court did decide the question of law
as the Supreme Court had decided it. Mr.
Ord, however, being at that time the owner of
one half of the claim, and being bound by bis
oath of office to sustain the interests of the
United States, consented to that judgment.
Therefore it seemed to me that there was a
fatal defeet in the title derived under a judg-
ment which seemed to be collusive.
Then, turning my attention to the claim of
the New Idria Mining Company, I found them
claiming under a law passed in 1866, giving
them the right to enter Upon mining lands that
were not in dispute, about which there was no
controversy. 1 then saw evidence tending to
show that in the courts of California there was
a suit in ejectment about that land brought on
behalf of McGarrahan, which suit was pending
at the time of the taking bythe New Idria Com-
pany, and as the land was thus in controversy
as well as before the courts of the United
States at the time the New Idria Mining Com-
pany entered upori it, the company acquired
no title under the act of 1866. In that state of
the'evidence the question came up as to what
action should be taken by the committee. ThS
result was the report presented by the majority
of the committee, that there was no evidence
McGarrahan had any title to the laud, but not
deciding the question whether the New Idria
Company had any title, or where the title to
the land in fact lay.
I desired that the rights of the United States
in the premises might be investigated and
passed upon by the committee, but from the
report of the majority it is evident that was
not done.
In the mean time we had, in the course of
the investigation, sent for the record of the
Land Office; and it appeared upon an exam-
ination efthat record thatthere had been issued
at some time to McGarrahan what appeared
to be a patent, and McGarrahan claimed that
he ought to have the benefit of that record.
When the record came to us, it was a full,
complete record of a patent duly executed,
dulysigned, duly recorded, and duly examined.
Above the record was written "ex'd;" and
when we called upon the officers of the Land
Office to say what that meant, they said it
meant that the copy had been compared with
the original. But across the page of that rec-
ord two pencil lines were drawn ; and there
was evidence to show that that crossing of
the record with pencil lines was done by the
attorney of the New Idria Mining Company.
Mr. BINGHAM. He swore to it himself.
A Member. What is his name?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
eare what his name is.
• Mr. BINGHAM. His name is Lowry.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Whatever
may have been his name, he was the attorney
of the New Idria Mining Company. We sent
for the original patent, and then they produced
several sheets of parchment, where the patent
had been folly exemplified and drawn out; but
when we came to the last page of that pateut
it appeared neither dated nor signed by any-
body, although the copy of the patent in the
book appeared both dated and signed, although
erased. That being so, we stopped to look at
that patent, and we found the several sheets of
parchment sewed together with a blue ribbon,
or a ribbon of some color. We found, and I
believe the majority of the committee were
also convinced of it, that the outside sheet
had been taken off and a new sheet, with this
unsigned end to it, put on. The resewing was
very apparent. There were nine holes through
the old leaves and only four through the out-
side cover.
ilr. HOTCHKISS. The gentleman ia en-
tirely mistaken about the majority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I thiiik the gentle-
man is mistaken when he says that the majority
of the committee Were convinced of that fact.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
say how they found it. I did say that it seemed
to the majority quite certain that the leaf was
not as it was originally.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Does not the evi-
dence show that that was taken apart at the
Printing Office, for the purpose of printing it ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts^ What in-
terest, Mr. Speaker, can any gentleman have
in this case so great as to makfe him forget the
courtesy which ought to be shown among mem-
bers? I was stating the matter as I understood
it. I have no feeling on the subject. I am
not the attorney of any one here, nor am I
going to get up any feeling. I am not going
to fly into a passion about this matter. I am
entirely indifferent as to these parties. I do not
believe in either of them. They both accuse
each other of fraud, and I believe both of
them. [Laughter.] Nothing has so shocked
me as the amount of feeling which has been
gotten up by gentlemen in arguing this ques-
tion. There need not be any, so far as I
can see.
It appears to me that patent was unstitched
at some time, and whoever put it together for-
go^to put the five extra holes in the back part
of it when they restitched it. We examined
to find out who made this pateut and who made
this record. It turned out that a man by the
name of Stoddard signed the patent, as clerk
for President Lincoln. We sent for him, and
he came, and upon his oath swore that he was
acting for Mr. Lincoln; and by Mr. Lincoln's
direction, as was lawful and as he was bound
to do, he signed this patent. Very well. [
should not in a matter of so great consequence,
where millions were pending* have taken the
word of any single clerk who could be bought
and sold. But we find in addition to that the
copy made at the time and the records made
at the time unobjected to, uninterfered with,
show that the patent was signed by this same
man whose duty it was to sign it.
Then L had another piece of evidence. Be-
fore any controversy arose about this record
General Sickles was called on by Hon. James
F. Wilson, three, almost four years ago, to
write a letter, which letter 1 will ask the Clerk
to read, upon the question whether this patent
was signed or not.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, January 22,3807.
Sir: I have the honor to state that in the sprin?
of 1863, as one Of the parties interested in the grain
linown as the "Panoche Grande," situated in Cali-
fornia, and olaimcd.by William McGarrahan and
his associates, I applied to the President of the Uni-
ted States for an order directing the issue of a pat-
ent for the same to the said William McGarrahan:
and that after hearing the Attorney General, the
Secretary of the Interior, and myself, the President
ordered that the said patent issue; that it was there-
upon engrossed and signed, ready for delivery; but
was not delivered, although furnished to me on a
day named; and I am confirmed in this ihy recol-
lection of the facts by the verbal assurance of lion.
Mr. Usher, (then Secretary of the Interior,) with
whom I have recently conversed oh the subject in
the city of Washington.
I am, sir, very respectfully.
D. E. SICKLES,
lion. JameS F. Wilson, Chairman Judiciary Cor)i-
mittev, liowne of iiepresmtutives.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Gentle-
men will then see that General Sickles, when
this thing was not in controversy, when this
thing was not up at all; says that he Saw the
pateut issued by the President at his request.
Now, I find that patent recorded as signed,
and 1 find the officer whose duty it was to sign
it swearing that he did sign it. I find it stood
there as a true record until this last spring,
after this controversy arose. And then I find
pencil lines of erasure drawti, over the Tecord
by the attorney of one of the parties.
