1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
27,1808, in which it requested the concurrence j
of the Senate. 1
enrolled bill signed. j
The message further announced that the
Sneaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (II- K- No. 2535) for the relief of Noah
Fisher; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
presidential approvals
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Poiiter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 25th
instant, approved and signed the following
enrolled joint resolutions: ii
a joint resolution (S. E. No. 72) providing ;
for the repair of the inclosure of the cemetery j
at Harper's Ferry, West Virginia; and |
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 270) for tlie j
benefit of the Industrial Home for Destitute J
Children in the District of Columbia. i
income tax.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, i
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1083) to repeal so much of the act approved
July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes," as con-
tinues the income tax after the 31st day of
December, A. D. 1869.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, yes-
terday the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] madean elaborate argument against
the repeal of the act which imposes a tax on
income. As I have no ability to follow him
in his argument, 1 shall not attempt to refute
all his views, but will content myself by stating
the principle upon which I suppose the act
was founded, referring to one or two objections
which the Senator raised against its repeal,
and presenting two or three examples to show
that the law is unequal and unjust in its require-
ments; that it has not been aud never will be
executed in accordance with the spirit of its
provisions, and that it" would be right and wise
to repeal it.
The act does not levy a tax upon the whole
property of the people, nor upon any particu-
]ar description of property, but disregards and
sets aside the principle that taxation should
be in proportion to protection, and assumes
that a tax upon a man's income or profits is a
tax upon a few; that oil whose income is above
the fixed sum are rich, and that it is right to
impose upon them a larger proportion of the
burdens of taxation than the value of the prop-
erty which they own bears to the total value
of the property of the community. I cheer-
fully concede the latter branch of the proposi-
tion ; and if the honorable chairman of the
Finance Committee will prove that the act as
executed is in harmony with the principle
which I have named, he will do much toward
convincing me that the act should remain on
the statute-book. Or if he will present for the
consideration of the Senate a bill that can be
fairly and honestly executed, so as to discrim-
inate in favor of men of moderate means, and
impose with a reasonable degree of equality
quite a large share of the public taxes upon
men who are in affluence, I am sure he will
have my cooperation.
But the Senator takes the ground that no
system of taxation bears with equal justice
upon all, and for that reason he urges that we
should continue this income tax. it is true
that no system of taxation has yet been de-
vised which will bear equally upon all; but
that does not justify us in maintaining an
objectionable system if we can adopt one that
is more in harmony with the principles ot jus-
tice. If this can be done, it is our duty to do
it. That the present law on this subject is m
its provisions and its operation very far from
being just I will try to show by two or three
°fOnePargum°enSt which the Senator makes in
favor of retaining the income tax is, wat it is
imposed upon a few. There are only oo, o
persons who pay a tax above one hundred
dollars each, and that is a reason given for
continuing the tax. I object to the law be-
cause it reaches so small a number; not
because it exempts from its provisions men
of moderate means, but because it does not
reach out its hand and compel those who are
able to fulfill it's obligations. It imposes a tax
of over one hundred dollars and less than five
hundred dollars on only 44,496 persons, and of
five hundred dollars and upward on only 9,243,
while, in my judgment, there are more than
twice that number who can come within its
provisions. I cannot prove this; but public
opinion, based upon careful observation, esti-
mates their number by tens of thousands.
The law assumes that it is right to impose a
tax upon the income which a person may re-
ceive or the profits which he may make within
a limited time, and that time is specified to be
from the 1st of January to the 31st of Decem-
ber in each year, including those two days. I
should like to show, if 1 can, by the operation
of the law, how unequal that provision is.
For instance, a man may make a return that
he received a profit or an income in one year
amounting to $20,000, on which he paid a tax
of $1,000; the second year he may show that
he lost $30,000, and at the end of the second
year the facts will be these: he will be $10,000
poorer, besides the $1,000 which he has paid
to the Government in the form of tax, than he
was at the beginning of the two years. Now,
take another provision of the law, which is
that a man making out his return may exempt
all the profits which he has made on real estate
which was purchased more than two years pre-
vious to the time he made his return. So a
man may in that time have made his thou-
sands or tens of thousands of dollars on which
he pays no income tax. Suppose he shall
have made $20,000 in that way, how does he
stand in comparison with the other man in the
case I first supposed ? The one having made
$20,000 one year and lost 830,000 the next,
stands with a loss of $10,000 besides the $1,000
which he has paid to the Government as tax.
and the other holds the entire amount of his
profits in his pocket.
I know of an association of men formed a
few years ago. They paid in between four
and five hundred thousand dollars of money
to buy a parcel of real estate. They made
the purchase, and they have since made sales
from that purchase. The last I knew in refer-
ence to them was that they had received for
sales $900,000, and had more than one third
of the property lett. Now, I do not hesitate
to say that not one dollar of that profit paid
an income tax under your law, because the
property was not sold within two years from
the time of the purchase. Every Senator here,
who is at all familiar with the large cities of
our country, knows that large fortunes have
been made upon real estate since this act has
been upon your statute-book; and I say the
instances are rare in which any man has paid
a tax upon such profits, because the purchase
was more than two years before the time of
the sale on which the profits were made.
Here, then, you have an act which prescribes
that under certain circumstances a man who
loses money within two years shall pay a heavy
tax to the Government, while a man who makes
mouey within those two years shall be free from
taxation.
But I have noticed one somewhat remark;
able fact in connection with the execution of
the law. The assessors have sent out certain
forms, aud have required men to make then-
returns upon those forms. Those forms are
such as to demand of a man making his return
particulars in relation to the sources from which
he derived his income or his profits. _ 1 do not
know but that those forms are issued in accord-
ance with the provisions of the law. i suppose
thev are. One of those forms comes to my
friend on my left, and he fills it out and enters
into particulars, and shows the assessor irom
what sources he derived his income. Another
form goes to my friend on my right, as I have
known it to go to more than one man, and he
in violation of that requirement makes his re-
turhs in gross. I have known of many such
cases. I agree that that is in accordance with
the requirements of the law now, but not as
the law was previous to last July.
The men making returns in that way have
been called upon by the assessor to correct
their returns and make them in accordance
with the prescribed forms. I have known men
bid defiance to those officers and say, "There
are my returns; make the most of them that
you can." And those men have retired into
their quarters, and your officers have refused
or declined to take any steps to compel returns
in accordance with those forms. If those forms
were issued in accordance with the law, I say
the law has not been executed; and if a law is
not executed, and there is a good reason why
the assessors do ncit execute and enforce it, that
may be a good reason why we should repeal it.
The law now requires that all persons who
have an income or make a profit during the
year exceeding $2,000 shall make certain re-
turns. If they do not, it requires the assist-
ant assessors to summon these parties and
make proper inquiry in reference to their
business ; and after they shall have made that
inquiry, if they are satisfied that the parties
have neglected to make returns, the assessor
by law is required to make them out accord-
ing to his best judgment; and if the parties
still refuse, he is required to impose a penalty
of fifty per cent, upon the amount which he
has assessed against them. Now, I ask any
Senator here if there has been a single in-
stance—if there has I have never known or
heard of it—in which an assessor has followed
up a man who neglected to make his returns
and made those returns for him and imposed
that penalty? It is well known that there
are many men who roll in wealth, who give
abundant evidence that their expenditures
are thousands upon thousands annually, who
make no returns of their income, and public
opinion says every assessor who fails to follow
those men and make out the returns, and im-
pose the prescribed penalty, fails of doing his
duty. Now, if the law is right, if the law is
just, that penalty should be imposed, or else
those who are disloyal or unfriendly to the
Government, or who are unwilling to furnish
their proportion of taxation, refuse or neglect
to do their duty, while the men who are true
to the Government and are ready to support
it by paying their just taxes are overburdened.
The law is not enforced.
Mr. President, I am not a lawyer. I have
brought no reproach upon that honored profes-
sion by claiming to be a member of it. I do
not know enough of law, I do not know enough
of the Constitution of the United States, to
convince me that this act imposing a tax upon
incomes is constitutional. I am very sorry
that I do not know more on that subject.
Again, I do not know enough, as I look at
this act, to see that it is not a direct tax. If
one of these assessors should do what the law
points out, and if you, sir, had neglected to
make you-r returns and he should assess you
to the amount of $10,000, and then add ,$5,000
more as a penalty, and make a return to the
collector, so that you would have a tax against
you of $375, and he should send an officer to
collect it, would you not think that was pretty
direct? If that is a direct tax, then I do riot
know enough to see that it is imposed in pro-
portion to the population of the couutry.
I am very much in the dark upon this sub-
ject. I wish I could be enlightened. But I
have always felt that when a man was in dark
ness and in doubt he was made stronger by
feeling that there were good and true men
standing by his side and supporting him. 1
think I have such men by my side, lliey are
not ordinary citizens; they are not mere pri-
vates in the humble walks of life; but they are
