isn.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
18T
41st Cong-...,3d Sess.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr, Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
Well, what happened next? The next thing
that happened was this: the chairman of the
committee sent a formal request to the Land
Office that there should be sent to the com-
mittee a copy, an exemplified copy, of this
patent from the record. When that copy from
the record came to the chairman of the com-
mittee there was made upon it in red ink,
across the face of it, the entry which I shall
presently read, by which the Land Office under-
took, without any hearing, without any notice,
without any authority, because there is no such
authority known in the law to my knowledge,
to invalidate a record of a patent.
Now, I do not care whether that record was
put there rightly or wrongly. I do not care
whether the patent was issued or not issued ;
hat I do oare very much whether it shall be
understood to be in the power of any of the
officers of this Government to strike at the
title to laud of any man in this country at his
will by making such a writing as this across
it in red ink. My friend from Maine [Mr.
Peters] said that this writing across the face
of the record does not make any difference.
Mr. PETERS. In legal effect.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. The law of the land
makes the copy from the record office the only
evidence of a patent I ean bring before a court.
And when I bring evidence of this patent be-
fore a court I shall bring evidence of a patent
duly executed, and then across it will be found
written these words :
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office, July 25,1870.
This record, from page 312 to 321, inclusive, was
made in accordance with the custom at the time, in
anticipation of the original being submitted to the
officers whose duty it is, under the law, to sign land
patents; but an order dated March 13,1863, having
been received from the acting Secretary of the In-
terior to " suspend the execution and delivery of the
patent under the decision of " the ' Department of
the 4th " of March, 1863, "until further advised in
the case by the Secretary," the form of patent which
had been prepared, and from which the aforesaid
record was made, was not submitted for signature,
and has never been dated, signed, nor delivered.
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
J. N. GRANGER, Recorder.
Now, neither of these men was an officer of
the Land Office at the time this patent was
signed or at the time the original of the pat-
ent was recorded. They had no more knowl-
edge of the thing, from their own knowledge,
than you or I have. And what business had
they, what right had they to write these words
across the face of the record? What sort of
administration is that in the Interior Depart-
ment which allows to be written over a man's
title, or the evidence of a man's title, thisinval-
idatiou of that title? It is neither right, just,
fair, or by legal authority.
Then these men were brought before us, and
I cross-examined one of them to a small
extent, and they admitted that they did not
know the facts which they certified here ; that
they had only been told them; that there
had been no examination, no investigation of
the state of the title; and that they had nd
knowledge on the subject. But a great trouble
as to the right to put this interlineation, this
memoir upon the patent is this: that it is for
the President of the United States to judge
when a patent shall issue, and to issue it; and
it is for him alone to do so ; and it is not for
the Secretary of the Interior to adjudicate
whether a patent has been duly and properly
issued by the President or not.
The Secretary of the Interior has no more
power over it than has any gentleman of this
House. The land-patent clerk is a clerk of
the President, and signs his fiame by the direc-
tion of the President and not by the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, in point of
law or indeed in point of fact. It is claimed
only by this memorialist that some order was
given, at some time or other, by some Secre-
tary of the Interior; but it is not suggested
even that the President' ever gave any order to
have this patent signed by himself canceled.
Now, as I said before, I do not believe that Mr.
McGarrahan had a title to this land, not be-
cause of his frauds, if you please, but because
of frauds anterior to the time he came into
the case. I do not believe that the New Idria
Mining Company had any title.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. PETERS. Is it the judgment of the
gentleman that McGarrahan should have this
title executed and delivered to him?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. And that is not the prop-
osition either.
Mr. PETERS. I asked the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is a
frank question, frankly put, and ought to be
frankly answered. No, I do not think so at all.
And the resolution which I have reported to the
House dpes not say it shall be executed and
delivered to him. But it does say that the
record of the Department shall be put back
exactly in the same state and condition it was
in on the 13th of March, 1863, when the patent
was recorded. Valeat quantum, valere potest.
Let it be worth what it may. If McGarrahan
had a title then, then let him have it. If he
did not have the title then, dispose of the land
otherwise. But do not by means of an erasure
cut out a man's title in this way; do not under-
take to let the Secretary of the Interior or any
of his understrappers take away a man's right
seven years after the patent was made. Why,
sir, if the Secretary of the Interior can now
go in, seven years afterward, and alter that
record, he can alter every other record in his
office.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, if
it is very short.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 ask it because I am
■not clear in my own mind about it. is the
question of the mutilation or the validity of
that patent a legislative question, or does that
question properly belong to the courts? Can-
not a court of chancery determine whether a
record is mutilated, and, if it is, oider it to be
restored?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
be glad to answer that question. It is a legis-
lative question ill this: a couit of chancery
can never see anything but the record itself or
an exemplified copy of the record.
Mr. JENCIvES. The gentleman is wrong;
the laws of the United States authorize courts
of chancery to send for original papers.
Mr. BUTLElt, of Massachusetts. But the
trouble is that the original paper is mutilated.
The original has been made to conform to a
mutilated copy by taking it apart and muti-
lating it like the copy ; that is the difficulty:
"that is where the laugh comes in" in this
case. To send for the original paper would
be only to call for an original which has been
mutilated, and made a mutilated copy of a
copy mutilated months after we saw the muti-
lated original.
Now, what do I ask by this resolution?
Simply this: to have that record put back ex-
actly as it was, made precisely as it was, no
greater and no better. If it was not valid, be
it so; if it was valid, be it so. Put it back as
it stood; for that is but justice. That is all
I have to say in favor ol McGarrahan. it'
McGairahan is a rascal, do not mutilate }Our
records in order to get the better of a rascal.
If he is an honest man, do not take away his
title in this way- Let me read the resolution
as the minority of the committee report it:
Mesolved by the Senate and ffouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
hereby is, directed to cause the record on pages 312
to 321, inclusive, in vol ume four of " California Lund
Claims," of the patent of a tract of land known as
the " Panoche Grande," as set forth therein, to be'
transcribed into the records as the same stood on
the record book of the General Land Office at the
time it was examined, without any mutilation or
erasure whatever, so that the legal effect of the rec-
ord so transcribed shall be the same as if the original
record had never been interfered with or mutilated;
and when such record shall have been so made, as
herein provided, It shall be marked examined, as it
was originally marked.
Is not that fair? Is not that right?
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman answer
one question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I have
time I will.
Mr. JENCKES. Suppose this record is
replaced just as you would have it. From
what you know of the case would you give
McGarrahan the title?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No.
Mr. JENCKES. Then what is the use of
doing it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, Mr.
Speaker, that is a very remarkable expression ;
the last part of it.
Mr. JENCKES. It is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
the use of correcting our record and undoing
a fraud and wrong, because it does not give the
man the land ? I will tell you what is the use:
it is to give him back his muniment of title so
far as he once had it.
Mr. JENCKES. Which you say he ought
not to have.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Which you
admit to be fraudulent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It may
be fraudulent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. You said awhile
ago it was fraudulent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not said a word about that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. You now take
it back.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not taken anything back. All I say of the
title of this McGarrahan is—do not cheat him
out of it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Do not cheat
him out of his fraud.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; do
not cheat him out of a fraud, even. Do not
steal from a thief. [Laughter.] I am very
clear upon this matter of what it is our duty
to do. Put the record of the Department back
to what it was.
And what does the second branch of our
resolution provide ?
And the President of tlieUnited States, is hereby
authorized and required to do in the premises what-
ever may, in his judgment, be just and equitable,
without regard to any action or proceeding had sub-
sequent to the 14th day of March, 1803, the date of
the patent recorded.
That is, let the President of the United
States to-day take up the case exactly where
it stood when the President of the United
States at that day laid it down. If it was an
unissued patent then, be it so; if an issued
patent then, be it so. Whatever it was then
and there, let the present President take it up
and proceed with it. The whole theory of our
land laws gives the President of the United
States the entire control of the public lauds.
Let him do what is just and equitable, and
what I believe he will do. He will find that
although this patent was executed and recorded,
it was not dehveted. And then the question
will come up in the courts, how far avails an
undelivered patent? And that question McGar-
rahan has a valid title to try.
