1572
THE C0NGRES&IOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 2B,
and the necessary expenses of delivering goods
to be purchased for the different bands of the
Sioux Indians," $40,000. The Committee on
Indian Affairs propose to" restore the words as
they stood in the bill originally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in thisamendment, made
as in Committee of the Whole, reducing this
appropriation. ' .
Mr. COLE. This is a distinetpropbsition.
This is for the insurance aad transportatibri of
supplies to these Indians—for tfie tfkngporta-
tion of supplies that haveieen,already voted
for tbeifi.-' Tife Cdmtnittee on Appropriations
cho.se to reduce it, to the amount that was
awarded for this service last year. I read from
the law of last yd&r:
"For insurance, transportation, and the necessary
expenses, of delivering goods to he purchased for
the different bands of the Sioux Indians, under the
treaty of April 29,1868, 840,000."
Now it is put up ;to; $75,000. There is a
railroad running, in the direction of where
these Indians are to be found, and the trans-
. portatioeby wagons orby pack animals cannot
be very great from the Pacific railroad to the
region of country which they occupy. I think
there can be no reason given for increasing
this appropriation from $40,000 to §75,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The increase is accounted
for in part by the distance that some of these
Indians reside from the line of the railroad or
from the banks of the river. Red Cloud and
Spotted Tail, the Indians to whom I have
referred, with their people, live remotely from
the river and from the railroad,aiid the hon-
orable S.enator knows that it is very expensive
to ship goods on rivers. I think I ought to
state that here, because itrwill .be an-explana-
tion of some suggestions that have been thrown
out prejudicial to the Indian service. Every-
body who knows the charaeteroftheMissburi
river knows that it is a very difficult river to
navigate, and that the danger of navigation
varies from time to time during the year
greatly, so that the cost of freights varies very
much. A contract might be made at one
period during the summer at a low figure, and
a month later it would cost perhaps three or
four times as much.
My attention was called to that subject offi-
cially some years ago, and I foundit impossible
to make a contract-for freights on the Mis-
souri river at what seemed to me reasonable
figures, and I directed the proper officer to
charter a boat and insure it, and ship the
goods in that mode with a view <rf redueingthe
expense. So it is in transportation by land;
Very frequently it is difficult to secure'-a tram
large enough and sufficiently manned to en-
counter and overcome the dangers of a long
line of land transportation. Therefore the
cost of shipment by land is frequently much
greater at one period of the year ihan it is at
another. The Department think that it. will
cost this amount to ship these goods to the
bands for which they are intended, and 1 hope
the Senate will agree to the appropriation of
the amount put in by the House of Represent-
atives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs propose to insert after line thir-
teen hundred and thirty-eight, "forthe erec-
tion of agency buildings for the Lower Brule,
Upper Brule, and Red Cloud's agencies,
$30,000."
Mr. HARLAN. There are no agency build-
ings whatever at these agencies, and this prop-
osition is made to furnish buildings for the
agents and employ6s of the Government to live
in and for the purpose'of storing and protect-
ing the goods.' ' '
Mr. COLE. ' Wehave appropriated now, I
think, nearly a'million and three quarters .for
these Indians. I do not know what they are
to do wiffi'that money. If some of it is not
to be useti to erect agency buildings, I do not
know why we should make a separate appro-
priation for them. Some of it will be used for
due purpose, some of it for another. I am sure
there is enough in all the appropriations
already passed upon to meet this emergency.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on this amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment "will be read.
The Chief Clerk. On page 56, in line thir-
teen hundred and fifty, the Committee on In-
dian Affairs propose to strike out" $50,000 "
and insert " $75,000so that the clause will
read: .
Sisseton and Wahpeton and Santee Sioux of Lake
Traverse and Devil's lake:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods,
provisions, or. other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereof, in instructing in agri-
cultural and mechanical pursuits, in providing em-
ployes, educating children, procuring medicine and
medical attendance, care for and support of the aged,
siek, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote their
civilization, comfort, and improvement, $75,000.
Mr. HARLAN. And then to strike out the
following clause, and so leave the appropria-
tion just as it came from the committee. The
next clause,from lines thirteen hundred and
fiftyrone to thirteen hundred and sixty-one, in
these words, we propose to strike out:
Sisseton, Wahpeton, Medawakanton, and Wah-
pakoota Sioux:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods,
provisions, and other articles as the President may
from'time to .time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereof in instructing in agri-
cultural pursuits, ill providing employes, educating
children, procuring medicine and snodieai attend-
ance, care for and support of the aged, infirm, and
sick, for the helpless orphans of the said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their comfort, civil-
ization, and improvement, $25,000.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to the
amendment in that form.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. On page 58, line thirteen
hundred and ninety-seven, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, struck out "three"
and inserted "one," making the appropriation
$1,000. The Committee on Indian Affairs
propose to restore -the word stricken out in
Committee of the Whole, so as to read :
For insurance; transportation, and general inci-
dental expenses of the delivery of goods, provisions,
and stock, as per same article of same treaty, $3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is for
the Tabeguache band of Utah Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I am informed that the
estimate was $5,000. and that the House had
already reduced it $2,000 below the estimate.
I have not looked at the book of estimates
with a view of seeing, but I am so informed.
Mr. COLE. I will agree upon $2,000. I
think that would be ample.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That makes $2,000 for
transporting $20,000 worth of goods.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment willstand "$2,000" instead of "$1,000."
The question is on concurring in the amend-
ment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the next amendment.
The Chiee Clerk. On page 59, line fourteen
hundred and twenty-one, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, struck out "$10,500" and
inserted "$5,000" for insurance and transport-
ation of goods for the Tabeguache, Maaehe,
Capote, Weetainuche, Yanpa, Grand River, and
Uintah bands-of Utes.-  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. Before a division, I will
propose to take $7,500. I am informed that
the shipment by wagon is about four hundred
miles, and I do not think it can be done for
less than that amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see what is to be
shipped:
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, and two
farmers, $9,000.
That is not to be shipped, I take it.
For pay of two teachers, $2,000.
For the purchase of iron and steel, $220.
That is to be shipped : $220 worth of iron
and steel. Then $30,000 worth of " blankets.''
That is $30,220. Then " meat and vegeta-
bles," &c., $30,000 more; in all, $60,220.
Now the House of Representatives propose,
in order to transport $60,000 worth of blankets
and food, to appropriate the sum of $10,000.
If $5,000, or one half the amount of this ap-
propriation, is not enough to provide for the
transportation from the proper point of that
amount of goods, I submit to my friend from
Iowa that the executive department ought to
be ashamed of itself.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, lam
not sure that the conclusion is right. It de-
pends, of course, on the character of the coun-
try over which these goods have to be shipped
and the available means of transportation. I
understand that these Indians are in the west-
ern part of Colorado, from three to four hun-
dred mile3 from any railroad. In the first
place, you will have to ship either from San
Francisco, on that side of the continent,
blankets and things of that kind by rail to the
point of departure for wagon trains, or if they
are shipped from this side you have to ship
by rail to some point in Colorado, Denver
■perhaps, by rail, before you ship by wagon.
Taking the transportation either way, every
one must see that it will be expensive. Of
course a merchant who is accustomed to these
things would know better than I do what it
would cost; but the Department, judging from
the experience they have had heretofore,
thought it would cost about ten thousand dol-
lars to ship these goods to the point of destin-
ation. I suggest to reduce the amount twenty -
five per cent., and put in " $7,500."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, compro-
mise is always dangerous. These Indians
are in Colorado, through which railways run ;
and from the head of railway transportation
to the place where these Indians can be called
together, if you choose to call them to the
proper place, which is a subject of administra-
tion, it is totally preposterous (not that my
friend so intends it) that the sum of more than
one twelfth of the whole cost of these goods
should be appropriated for carrying them. 11
is totally out of the question. Thegreatfraud
in thtse Indian affairs, or one of the great
frauds, has always been in paying for useless
transportation, sending-goodsfar into the inte-
rior to meet the Indians in tbeirinmost homes,
when they could just as well be invited, as they
are in the States nearer the Mississippi, to
come to some prominent point to receive their
supplies and then go home with them. But if
a wagon-master who has half a dozen yoke of
oxen and three or four old wagons wants to
make four or five thousand dollars, he is up
for a contract to carry goods as far as possible
and use up as many of them on the way as pos-
sible. There is the trouble. Therefore I wish to
take the sense of the Senate upon standing by
our recommendations to pay one twelfth of all
these appropriations, instead of one sixth as it
stood originally, for the purpose of this trans-
portation. If $5,000 will not pay for carrying
$60,000 worth of goods to where these Indians
can receive them, then I think we had bettor
adopt some other policy.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
