isn.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
Sir. EDMUNDS, I call the Senator to
order; he has spoken twice.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to have the Senator
speak a little longer if he will oblige me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I desire to be ex-
cused:
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to inquire whether
he knows what it costs per pound 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the rule which has been enforced
applies in this instance.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well, if the Senator
declines to give me information, I shall have
to submit.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that in some
sections of the interior of this country, to my
knowledge, it costs as much to get goods four
hundred miles as the goods themselves cost.
I allude now to staple articles, such as flour,
beef, meal, pork, and those things. I know
that for taking such goods into the mining
country we have sometimes paid from our
point in Oregon as high as fifteen cents a
pound. I do not know the nature of the coun-
try through which these goods are to be trans-
ported, but if they are flour, sugar, and other
staple articles, it will cost probably in the
neighborhood of six, seven, or eight to ten
cents a pound, and in many instances the
transportation of staple articles costs, J pre-
sume, nearly as much as the original price of
the articles; but the transportation of blank-
ets would not cost perhaps over ten per cent,
of the cost of the goods.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the-araendmeut agreed
to as in Committee of the Whole.
The question being put, there were, 011 a
division—ayes 14, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator that no business can
be transacted until it is ascertained whether a
quorum is present.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed that was the
rule; but awhile ago, in precisely similar cir-
cumstances, I had the pleasure of listening to
the Senator from Vermont who last spoke at
considerable length, and I was led to presume,
therefore, that that was the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was after
the yeas and nays had been ordered. The
yeas and nays have not yet been ordered on this
question to ascertain whether there is a quorum
or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. The absence of a quorum
had been ascertained and announced from the
chair by the Senator now in possession of it,
if I recollect aright, and I then supposed the
rule of order to be precisely as the Chair now
stales, but it was not applied in that case.
That is all I have to sav.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that there is a quorum in the Senate,
but the vote did not develop the presence of
a quorum.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is precisely now as it
was when the Senator from Vermont spoke.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on ordering the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it in order now to
debate the question of adopting the amend-
ment?
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the Chair
is advised that there is a quorum present, it is
in order.
, Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the ques-
tion is whether we shall adhere to $40,000 as
the appropriation " for insurance, transporta-
tion," &o., in liou of $75,000. as presented in
the House bill. If lam not right, some one
better advised will correct me. I understand
that is the pending question.
Sir, there are a great many interesting things
about the red man, and there are a good many
perplexing things. We know that he forms a
dwindling race on the continent, that his num-
bers are fewer from year to year; and yet it
seems there is a very large number of Senators
here ready to vote nearly twice as much this
year for this one item as was appropriated
last year. My colleague read the appropria-
tion of last year, which was precisely the figure
reported by his committee, $40,000. Now, sir,
considering that there are fewer and fewer In-
dians every year, the fact that I regard as inter-
esting as well as perplexing is that the fewer
there are the greater the expenditure that is
called for from year to year. When there were
more Indians, less money was wanted; and
now, that there are fewer Indians, there is more
money wanted, and more by a great many
hundred thousand dollars.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, to strike out " $5,000" and insert
" $7,500.
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, there were on a division—
ayes 17, noes 11.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Corbett,
Davis. Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Har-
ris, Hill, Howard, McDonald, Ramsey, Rice, Ross,
lhayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, and
Yates—20.
KAYS—Messrs. Ames, Casserly, Chandler, Colo,
Cragin, Edmunds, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, Pratt, Rob-
ertson. Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, and Wilson—18.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Blair, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Revels, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stearns,
Stockton, Sumner, Xhurman, Warner, and Wil-
liams—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. On page 60, line four-
teen hundred and fifty-one, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, struck out $40,000
and inserted $20,000. The Committee on
Indian Affairs propose to restore the sum
stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurrence in this reduction. It is in
the items for the Wichitas and other affiliated
bands.
Mr. HARLAN. The estimate was $50,000.
The House cut it down $10,000, to $40,000;
and now our Committee on Appropriations
propose to cut it down to $20,000. It is only
necessary, perhaps, that I should say that these
Wichitas and affiliated bands are friendly
Indians, who always have been friendly, and
we have taken their land from them, absolutely
robbed them of their land and given it to other
Indians; and this is to aid them in their settle-
ment on another part of the Indian territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am satisfied that it is
entirely useless for the Committee on Appropri-
ations to endeavor to curtail or cut down the
expenses of the Government in this Indian
service, because a majority of the Senate think
it better to follow the estimates based upon
the old fraudulent contracts and methods of
disbursement of the public money than it is to
endeavor to reduce them. Therefore, if it is
thought desirable to give this bounty, which
no treaty at all calls for, of $40,000 to these
Indians, instead ®f $20,000—a small band ; I
do not remamber the number of these In-
dians—very good-. I have got tired, for one,
of endeavoring to resist.this absorption of Hie
public money for objects not contemplated by
law, and which is to go in the way it has hith-
erto. That is all I have to say. The Senate
can take its choice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in this amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question being put, there were on a
division—-ayes 17, noes 12: no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON, of ftfaryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, noes 17; as follows"
YEAS-Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Cole, Edmunds, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland
Howard, Howe, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Nye
Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague!
Stewart, Tipton. Warner, and Wilson—24.
NAYS —Messrs. Buckingham, Corbett, Davis,
Flanagan.Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, War-
ns. Hill, McDonald. Ramsey. Ross, Scott, Trumbull.
Vickers,Willey, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Blajr, Bore-
man, Brownlow. Cameron. Carpenter, Cattell. Cunk-
lmg,_ Cragin, Fenton, Ferry, Hamlin, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, JIoi-
ton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Revels,
gaulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Stearns, Stockton,
bumner, Thayer, Thurman, and Williams—32.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 61, in the appro-
priations for the Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and
Umatilla tribes, after line fourteen hundred
and seventy.three to insert, "for the erection
of agency buildings, $8,000."
Mr. HARLAN. The Government has no
buildings at this agency. The law requires the
agent to live with the Indians ; but it will
be impossible for the agent to fulfill the law
unless buildings are erected. It is presum-
able that the law is right and that it is for the
interest of the Indians for the agent and his
family to live with them. If the Senate eon-
cur with this, of course they will sustain this
amendment.
Mr. COLE. This is not in the estimates,
and we are appropriating to them as with a
tribe with which we have a treaty. This is ati
attempt to get $8,000 more for these Indians
than was expected by anybody. We have no
treaty with them and we are paying thorn every
year, and have been for along series of years,
and I might well ask what has been done with
the money that has been paid, with these large
sums that year fey year we appropriate for all
necessary mill fixtures, for mechanical tools,
medicines, hospital stores, books, stationery,
for schools, repairs of school-houses, building,
furniture, employes, for all such purposes.
There must be some mistake about this, cer-
tainly.
Mr. CORBETT. I think this is not the ease
that the Senator from Iowa had in hia mind
where there was no agency building. There
are very dilapidated agency buildings there.
The commission visiting that point this year
came before the committee and recommended
that new agency buildings should be erected. It
is absolutely necessary to erect those buildings.
It is true there are appropriations here for
these Indians for other purposes, but the pres-
ent buildings are not fit for occupancy, and I
believe every superintendent of Indian affairs
and every agent has called the attention of the
Department to this subject for a number of
years past. I have noticed it in their reports.
The commission who were designated by Con-
gress to visit this agency recommend it. You
might as w.ell say there are no buildings at all
there.
Mr. COLE. Then it appears that it is con-
ceded that there are buildings there of some
sort, and we furnish these Indians with a saw-
mill, carpenters' tools, and blacksmiths' tools,
and with a carpenter himself, and why can
they not make their own buildings? Why
should we famish them with a carpenter and
