748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
States and Territories be, and they are hereby, ap-
pointed agents for the sale of said stamps, under reg-
ulatious to be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. This act shall take effect on the 1st day
of July, 1871.
The war has ingrafted, for the time at least,
upon the country the internal revenue system.
No one claims that it is a good thing in itself,
or desires to retain it one moment longer than
is necessary. It grew out of the war, as did
many other evils, and now let it expire with
the restoration of the Union and the return of
peace. It is a, vast and complex institution,
pervading aU parts of the country, ramifying
into every class of business, and affecting the
interests of the whole country. To the initiated
few its operations may be intelligible; to the
outside world they are mysterious. That so
immense a thing, covering every inch of our
territory from the Pacific to the Atlantic, from
Mexico to Canada, having thousands of offi-
cials operating in every part of the country,
receiving hundreds of millions of dollars an-
nually, can ever be fairly and economically
administered I do not consider possible.
There are certain great principles which
should regulate not only general legislation,
but especially our system of revenue and tax-
ation. Large sums must be raised annually
to meet the great and growing expenses of the
Government, to pay the interest on the na-
tional debt, and to provide for the redemption
of the principal. Along with this system of
taxation, other measures should be adopted to
increase the prosperity of the people, to render
business safe and profitable, to extend and
ramify it, to increase the consumption of taxed
articles, and to make the people able to pay
the burdens imposed upon them. It is need-
less to have a well-arranged tax bill if at the
same time the other legislation of Congress is
such as to make the taxes difficult instead of
easy to pay. With this sort of wise general
legislation, the improvements in taxation must
be such as, in the language of Adam Smith, "to
occasion the least possible loss of money and
enjoyment to the contributors, and the least
possible impediment to the progress of national
industry and wealth." The State ought to
labor to make both its revenue and its expend-
iture reproductive. The object ought not to
be merely to raise so much money every year,
but it ought to be raised without injury to any
great interest. If one particular tax is affect-
ing" a particular part of the country or a par-
ticular branch of industry injuriously, then
abolish or modify it; look for anew subject
of taxation or a new plan of taxing the same
thing. And above all the taxes should fall
as nearly as possible equally upon the whole
people.
Ilow does the interna! revenue system tally
with these principles? Does it affect all the
people equally? Is it or not injurious to any
great interest? Does it foster some at the ex-
pense of others? These questions are not hard
to answer. Of all the great interests of the
country not one is prosperous. Ship-building
has already almost become a lost art. Our
commerce is gone. Our manufactures, pro-
tected as they are by a high taiitf, are yet not
flourishing. Agriculture struggles and affords
a living to the farmer or planter, but no profit.
And we now exhibit to the world the spectacle
of a new country, with a virgin and rich soil,
with endless resources, good climate, every
sort of mineral in inexhaustible quantities,
almost every sort of agricultural product, an
unparalleled length of navigable streams, an
unprecedented supply of water-power, and yet
the business of the country prostrate; and noth-
ing saves us from absolute ruin, nothing makes
us able f o carry on public enterprises, and pay
our heavy load of taxes imposed in everyway,
by the United States, by the States, by the
counties, by cities and towns, but the stream of
immigration which is constantly pouring into
the United States; which furnishes purchasers
for our public lands, agricultural laborers and
laborers upon public works, skilled artisans,
a taxable population, and brings besides large
sums of money which are at once put into cir-
culation. These things—this labor, popula-
tion, and resources—alone vivify the country,
alone sustain us. Stop that current and you
stop the business of the country and destroy
its prospects.
That this is a true picture of the condition
of our country cannot be well denied. What
has our internal system of taxation to do with
it? How far is it responsible for this state of
things? It has much to do with bringing about
this deplorable result. It is the main instru-
ment in accomplishing it. It fulfills none of
the requisites of a good financial system. It
is not equal in its operation, but bears with
almost destructive weight upon some parts of
the country and some important interests. It
is badly administered, and cannot well be
otherwise. It is demoralizing in its effects, and
tends to weaken the respect of the people for
the Government and lessen their inclination
to obey the laws ; and it extends the jurisdic-
tion of the United States courts, extends the
powers of the General Government, swells the
already too great patronage of the Executive,
is fatal to the individual liberties of the peo-
ple, and destroys the constitutional rights of
the States.
Is it equal, or nearly so, in its operation?
| I will illustrate its gross, its monstrous in-
; equality, by taking two States—Virginia and
I Massachusetts. These States are not far from
; the same in population. One is an agricul-
tural State, its principal staple being tobacco ;
the other is a manufacturing and commercial
community. One State is struggling with the
loss of half of her property, and was the theater
of the war for four years. Not a hostile foot
j touched the soil of the other; but she had the
benefit of the contracts rendered necessary by
the war, and certainly profited as much as
any northern State through the opportunities
afforded by the flush times of paper money.
One has little banking capital or circulation ;
the other has a plethora of both. The popu-
lation of Virginia, according to the census of
1870, is 1,269,007, of whom about one third
are freedmen and pay but little in the way of
taxation, leaving the burden to fall upon the
other two thirds. Massachusetts has a popu-
lation of 1,457,351; and as that State boasts
so much of her thrift, nearly the whole people
ought to be tax-payers. The real estate in
Virginia was valued, according to an assess-
ment made in 18G9, at $298,080,660; the per-
sonal estate at $50,439,681 32. The real es-
tate of Massachusetts, May 1, 1870, was worth
$901,037,841; the taxable personal estate,
$840,474,803 41. If you take population as
ihe basis of taxation, then the proportion of
Massachusetts to Virginia ought to be about
seven to six: if real estate, about three to one;
if personal estate, about sixteen to one. If
you make ability to pay any part of the esti-
mate, then the proportion ought to be at least
twenty to one.
But how is it in fact? For the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1870, there was collected from
Virginia as follows:
Eirst district  441,619 88
Seconddistiict      1,123,249 87
Third district   .. 2,379,180 97
1'ourth district  90,395 19
Filth district  1,433,158 11
Sixth district  187,616 28
Seventh district  199,224 33
Eighth district  41,907 35
Total $5,498,351 39
| And for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871,
| the Commissioner of Internal Revenue esti-
mates the receipts from Virginia at $4,969,000,
I and from Massachusetts at $4,444,000—Vir-
j ginia paying the great sum of $525,000 more
l than Massachusetts. Other New England
| States seem to be favored; for New Hampshire,
! with a population of 31S,300, or about one
| fourth of that of Virginia, is rated in the Coni-
i missioner's estimates at §232,000 annually,
or only about the twenty-third part of what
the Commissioner thinks can be extracted
from Virginia. Vermont, with a population of
330,585, which is more than a fourth of that
of Virginia, is only asked for the modest sum
of $86,000, or about the sixty-fourth part of
Virginia's quota. These figures are enough
to demonstrate the inequality of the tax.
Hoy else does it operate to be^r down one
part of the country, or one State of the Union,
and elevate another?
Massachusetts is a great manufacturing State.
I have not at hand a statement of the annual
value of her manufactures, nor is it very mate-
rial to the present point. She manufactures
cotton and woolen goods, shoes, &c. Vir-
ginia also manufactures; but her manufactures
are principally tobacco. Now, the cotton Mas-
sachusetts converts into bad calico is the pro-
duct of the southern States; the wool is the
productof Vermontand othernorthern States.
Virginia raises her tobacco on her own soil.
Why shsuld the Virginia article be incum*
bered with a tax amounting to more than its
value and the Massachusetts articles pro-
tected? For a high tariff—a tariff of about
an average of sixty per cent, upon articles of
every-day use—is imposed to protect the Mas-
sachusetts manufacturer; and he is enabled,
by virtue of this tariff, to add largely to his
profits. But the Virginia manufacturer is taxed
most heavily, and with all the complications
that the law can throw around him. These
laws are indeed most injurious in their effects
in checking manufactures. The manufacturer
is exposed to so many real difficulties, even if
the law is honestly administered, and to so
much dishonest interference, that capital is
disposed to make safer investments. He is
restricted and bound, and his whole energies
and ingenuity areexpended in seeking to under-
stand the restrictions thrown around his trade
and learning how to pay a tax. Where is the
propriety or justice of exempting the manu-
facture of one native product from taxation
and taxing another?
- Not only is the heavy tax imposed upon
tobacco burdensome upon the manufacturers
and the people, but it is a mistaken policy. A
smaller tax, judiciously applied and honestly
collected, would raise more revenue. On a
former occasion I cited on this floor examples
of an increase of revenue from a particular
article caused by a reduction of taxation. To
the instances then adduced I now propose to
add others drawn from English legislation, a
country which has had to struggle under an im-
mense national debt and has had a long ex-
perience in devising and executing financial
plans. That country has learned how injudi-
cious it is to put taxation so high as to interfere
with consumption. The rate ought to be such
that consumption ought to increase in the ratio
of the growth of population and wealth. If it
does not, then be sure your tax is too high and
should be reduced. Consumption is the index
of the prosperity of a country. It goes down
with bad times; goes up with good. If the
tax is out of proportion to the value of the
thing, people will not pay it if they can help it.
The laws of Great Britain for the prevention
of smuggling and illicit distillation were of
the most stringent character. The penalties,
severe as they were, were rigidly enfoiced,
and-armies of gaugers, supervisors, revenue
officers, spies, detectives, aud informers were
employed and were constantly on the watch
in every part of Great Britain and Ireland.
This was when the spirit duties were very high.
And yet all this failed so entirely to protect the
revenue, was so insufficient to suppress the
evils, that in 1821 a parliamentary committee
reported in favor of a reduction of duties The
rate was reduced from 6s. Id. in Scotland, and
os. Id. in Ireland, to 2s. 4%d. per gallon. At
once there was an increase of revenue. People
could not then afford to run the hazards of
making and using a contraband article. The
rate was then reduced in England from ll.«-
