1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
8\d. to 7s.; and again the revenue found profit.
Sir Morton Peto states :
"In 1853 the rates of duty levied under assessed
taxes were considerably reduced, and were rendered
more simple and uniform by the abolition of pro-
gressive duties and of several exemptions. The
superior advantage of a moderate scale of duty, in
comparison with a high scale, is remarkably illus-
trated by the very laigely increased and still increas-
ing number of articles brought to charge. There has
been an increase on every item on which the duty
reduced. Making allowance for the abolition
of the exemptions, and for the application of the
duties on the reduced scale tosundry new items, this
rer-ult affords satisfactory proof that people will not
object to assess themselves with the taxation of the
nation provided the rate is within their means."
This is the experience of England ; and we
here, instead of profiting by itat onee, insist on
going over the same long struggle that she did,
and in having the same irrepressible conflict
between the tax collector and tax payer that so
long raged there. I do not doubt but that a
reduction of the excise duty on tobacco would
attended be by the same results. The pro-
duction and consumption of the article would
increase. Manufacturers would willingly assent
to a reasonable tax ; they would not endeavor
to evade its payment.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call atten-
tion to one striking fact, the vast disparity
between the amount of taxes assessed and the
amount reported as collected and actually paid
into the Treasury. If the people have to groan
under taxes, at least let them get the benefit
of all they pay. It appears from thereportof
the Fifth Auditor, made to the Secretary of
the Treasury, that for the year ending June 30,
1869, the assessments were §175,431,159 66,
and the collections for the same time were
$139,707,473 20; the excess of assessments
over collections being $35,723,686 40, an im-
mense sum and more than the whole expenses
of the Government some years since.
This excess is about one fifth of the whole
amount assessed. I doubt whether the tax
accounts of any State in the Union would show
such a state of things. The State taxes are
assessed against all the citizens, rich or poor.
Those who have no property are, nevertheless,
in most States charged with a capitation tax.
Under this system there must, of course, always
be some delinquents, some who will not pay
and cannot be made to do it. But the internal
revenue taxes are put upon property, business,
incomes, ire., against persons^ able to pay.
There need be no delinquent list, or, at any
rate, a very small one. Certainly it cannot
be that one fifth is uncollectable by reasonable
and fair efforts. What, then, becomes of the
fifth reported as uncollected? Is it, in fact,
uncollected, or is it, or the greater part, in
fact, collected, but never reaches the national
coffers? .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Virginia a question, if it
will not interrupt him. .
Mr. JOHNSTON. Certainly ; I yield for a
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont The Senator
leaves the impression, in arguing, that there
" would be an increase of the revenue from to-
bacco by reducing the rates of internal revenue
tax. He seems to be under the impression
that England has reduced its duty on liquors to
two shillings and fourpence sterling. 1 desire
to ask him if that was the statement he made I
Mr. JOHNSTON. I am not speaking of
the present rate. I am speaking of tae past
ezperience of that country in regard to this
subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
was arguing, as I understood him, in favor 01
the reduction of the tax on tobacco in conse-
quence of the increase of revenue experienced
in England from a reduction of the duty on
spirituous liquors. Now, I understand the duty
on spirituous liquors to be much higher tneie
than it was several years ago, and it is to-uay
at least $2 50 a gallon.
Mr. JOHNSTON. What has been the reve-
nue under that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Therebasbeen
no diminution, but an increase.
Mr. JOHNSTON. These are some of the
objectionable money portions of the internal
revenue system. These things, indeed, embar-
rass business and trouble the people with what'
all people dislike most, high taxes. But its
most dangerous features are the tendency to
demoralization; to weaken the respect and
regard of the people for the Government; to
make even good citizens habitual violators of
the law; to enlarge the already too great powers
of the General Government; to swell executive
patronage; to practically destroy the rights of
the States; to narrow and limit the jurisdiction,
powers, and rights, and impair the value and
efficiency of State courts; to extend the juris-
diction of the United States courts to subjects
never contemplated by the Constitution; to
give marshals, collectors, assessors, commis-
sioners, and such petty officers almost unlim-
ited power over the persons and property of
the people.
For we know well—the experience of all na-
tions has shown it—that men called honest, and
who are honest in other respects, yetconsider
all excise laws as fair subjects of evasion. The
people do not think it wrong to smuggle and
defraud the revenue. An English author iu
speaking of this says:
"It [a high rate of duty, excise or custom] creates
a contraband trade, thereby creates crime, causes an
undue national expenditure in efforts to repress, de-
tect, and punish it, and, more than that, it creates a
revulsion of moral feeling among the people who
treat offenses against the revenue with sympathy,
espouse the cause and endeavor to redress the wron0"3
of the offender."
Mr. President, I have said thatthe system
tended practically to destroy the rights of the
States. And when I say that, I know that
many on this floor think I am speaking of what
does not exist and ought not to exist, and
the mention of which ought tobe suppressed,
which they would trample out in baste—a fire
that was beginning to spread and threatened
to destroy them and their property. State
rights are wholly associated in their minds with
slavery and secession, and apart from these
two words has no existence to them. They
look upon State rights as the stalking-horse
from behind which these two monsters fought.
Nevertheless, State rights, both under a lair
and proper interpretation of the Constitution
and in fact, still live; that is, the rights of the
State are both constitutional rights, and are to
be preserved in order that the form of our
government may not be destroyed 5 and they
are rights that exist in themselves, outside ot
any mere provision of the Constitution, and
are valuable in themselves, because through
them laws can be best administered and indi-
vidual rights best protected.
In forming our Government it was rightly
considered that whatever public functions
could be best performed by the General Gov-
ernment should be intrusted to it; whatever
could bebest done by the States should be done
by them. The States were, many of them,
small in population and in territory, and in-
capable of self-protection. If each State had
undertaken to regulate commerce, to collect
customs duties, to make war, to treat with for-
eign nations, to eoiu money, it is easy to see
that a bad state of things would have existed.
Therefore they agreed that these things should
be confided to a single Government, which
should represent them all; that it alone should
speak to foreign nations, it alone should coin
money, it alone should regulate commerce,
that it alone should have the great power ot
peace and war. And these things were done be-
1 cause it was supposed that in that way the com-
1 mou defense would be best secured, the cotn-
| mon welfare best provided for; and for no other
1 reason. It was a magnificent mission; the
i powers were great and noble. But there were
! other things just as important upon which the
| welfare and happiness and freedom ol the peo-
| pie as much depended, and to do these things
remained the duty of each State. They were
to administer domestic law, to settle the pri-
vate rights of citizens and provide competent
tribunals for the purpose ; to protect property
and regulate its descent and transfer ; to pun-
ish crime ; to educate the people. And these
things were reserved to the States becanse the
States could do them better than the General
Government; and hence I say that the rights
of the State are not merely to be maintained
because the Constitution gives them, but
because it is the best for the peeple.
All experience and all reason teach that
individual liberty and personal rights are not
secure under any central government, having
a large territory, with its arms reaching in
every direction a long distance, but yet coming
back to the head. The further you remove
the people from the Government the less pro-
tection can theyhave under it, and the greater
room is there for oppression. The cry of an
oppressed citizen cannot be heard at Washing-
ton from Oregon or Texas. If he is wronged
he cannotget here to have his wrongs redressed.
Witnesswhat theRoman proconsuls and Turk-
ish pashas have done. Put in power in a dis-
tant province, thousands of miles away from
the central power, and what restraint was there
upon them? None; nor is there much in this
country upon the marshals and other officers
of the United States. A charge in the hands
of one of these men against a citizen in tbe
remote part of the country, especially tbe
South, is looked upon with the same mysteri-
ous dread that attended the lion's mouth in
Venice. The Army of the United States is at
the control of a deputy collector or assessor,
who, dressed in a little brief authority, and
being generally very ignorant and not usually
having anything in common with the people
among whom he lives, is utterly regardless of
human rights. I was judge once, and on one
occasion a man was brought before me on a
habeas corpus. The return of the jailer, in
whose custody he was, stated in substance that
he had been brought to the jail by a man in
uniform who gave no name; that he was lodged
in jail with the order to keep him until the offi-
cer came back; and that no charge, either
verbal or written, was made, and no written
order of commitment. This was in November,
1869, and as far as I have heard the man in uni-
form never went back. I of course discharged
the prisoner; but where is he to get redress?
In my State, although the law provides ex-
pressly for holding United States courts at
several points in the State, the judge has never
held any term west of Richmond since the
, war; and it is more than four hundred miles
! from Richmond to the western boundary of
the State. A man arrested 'anywhere west of
Richmond, if it was at the Kentucky line, is
taken to Richmond for trial. There he finds
himself among strangers : he does not see a
face that he knows; his witnesses are too far
to be bad; he is perhaps poor and unable to
defend himself, and so he must be content to
be tried under these disadvantages, or induced
to buy his freedom from the hungry ring that
, surrounds the court. Not onl}r must the pris-
! oner be taken to Richmond for trial, but is
often taken there for the preliminary examin-
ation. He is arrested, say in Scott county, for
soma breach of" the revenue laws; his witnesses
are there, his friends are there. There is a
commissioner at Marion, in Smyth county;
yet the officer may and does sometimes take
the prisoner, by Marion, all the way to Rich-
mond. These are some of the judieial out-
croppings of the internal revenue system that
do not commend it much to a people who
love freedom and a fair and just administra-
tion of'the laws.
Not so is it with the State courts, lbere
the judge is usually a man brought up m the
county and known to the people.all his ike 5
the jury are citizens of the county; tue pris-
oner is tried where he has lived and where his
witnesses can be obtained.
