142
appendix TO THE congressional globe.
[February 14,
Ho. of Heps.
Navigation of Ohio River—Mr. Negley.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
engineers as to the effects of these facts upon
navigation, or to question the magnitude of the
latter by impeaching the correctness of their
statistics, or to attach little or no importance
to their opinions ; but they do not dispute the
accuracy of their actual surveys and measure-
ments.
It is also true and remarkable, if not signifi-
cant, that the learned and justly distinguished
counsel of the company, in his able argument
before the Senate Committee on Commerce,
does not controvert or disprove any of the facts
established by the United States engineers; but
simply endeavors, by ingenious assumptions,
to doubt the soundness and validity of their
opinions, and mainly bases his plea upon the
circumstance that the structures erected or
contemplated are in accordance with the law,
whether obstructive to the river navigation or
not. and that the bridge company has acted in
good faith in its interpretation of this law.
Also, the vice president of the company ignores
the report of the United States engineers, but
he underrates the statements of other witnesses
or friends of the river interest in regard to some
features of the Ohio navigation, as the size of
boats, the amount of shipping, &c.,and denies
the existence of any monopoly on the part of
the railroad chiefly to use the bridge, and in
conclusion he claims that it' the bridge is an
obstruction to navigation the parties aggrieved
should seek their redress in the proper courts.
On the other side, the facts and opinions set
forth in the report of the United States engi-
neers are supported in the strongest manner
by numerous testimony taken by the House
Committee on ltoads and Canals, on or about
the month of January, 1869, and their views
are indorsed and reiterated by many expe-
rienced pilots and shipping merchants, and by
the action of the Coal Exchange, by the Pilots'
Association, and the select and common coun-
cils of the city of Pittsburg, by the National
Board of Trade, the southern commercial con-
vention, and the Pennsylvania Legislature—
in fact, by the entire river interest; so that no
court or jury could be doubtful on which side
of the controversy rests the overwhelming
power of evidence, or on which side the influ-
ence of interest weighs heaviest. I therefore
can hardly be mistaken in assuming as granted
that the Newport and Cincinnati bridge, as
now in progress of erection, is, and will be, a
serious obstruction to the navigation of the
Ohio river, if allowed to be completed upon
the present plan of construction.
But, Mr. Speaker, it has been intimated by
some friends of the bridge company that it is
properly the province of the courts to decide
this question; in other words, it is doubted
whether we have
JURISDICTION IN THE PREMISES.
Why sir, such a proposition is novel indeed.
More than twenty years ago it was conclu-
sively shown by one of the legal master minds
of the country, before the Supreme Court of
the United States {in re the State of Penn-
sylvania vs. The Wheeling andBelmontBridge
Company)—
" That the constitutional power of Congress to reg-
ulate commeteo on the Ohio river belongs cxelu-
si^cly to that branch of the General Ooverrnuciit,
and has been fully exercised upon every subject sus-
ceptible of regulation ; that this power has been ex-
erted upon thcchannel and whatever passes through
it, upon the stream and upon it-* bed, upon the ves-
sel, its navigator and whatever it transports, upon
its oag>nc, machinery, car«o, passengers, officers,
ami crew. Xn:iv, that it has extended to the very
subject now under consideration, nnd that Congress
by express and repeated action has prohibited the
erection ot a bridge," &c.
And ever since Congress has been asked
again and again to legislate in every case
when a navigable river was to be crossed by
a bridge. And now, should we not be the
proper authority to interpret, repeal, or amend
our owu laws, if such should be required ?
If the issue was an isolated case of litigation
for damages sustained, or any other cause not
involving a great principle or precedent, or if
the decision of the court was not limited by
our own laws, and if these should be defect-
ive we would be compelled to inflict undue
grievance or injury upon one or the other
party, I might consent that the courts should
be appealed to ; but as I clearly perceive the
existing laws to be inadequate and defective,
and that Congress will have, over and over
again, to meet the same difficulty in each future
emergency unless we amend the old or frame
new statutes prescribing the mode of con-
struction for bridges, so as not to require half
a dozen special acts or resolutions in each case
of authorization, there is no compromise or
any other assurance sufficient to persuade me
into assuming the same responsibility which
now rests upon others, already referred to,
namely, that of allowing a law to remain in
power which is known to be detrimental to
great public interests.
PURPORT OF THE LAW.
Mr. Speaker, having determined that the
present mode of construction of the Newport
and Cincinnati bridge is, and will be, a serious
obstruction of the Ohio river navigation, it
will be useful if not necessary to decide whether
such obstruction has been caused by any vio-
lation or misconstruction of the law on the
part of the bridge company or any other
party.
The evidence on this subject seems to indi-
cate a violation of the law only in two points,
namely :
1. The piers are not parallel to the current
as near as practicable.
2. The channel way is by ten feet narrower
than prescribed by law.
The bridge company denies either fact to
be a violation of the law, claiming their con-
struction of the words "as near as practica-
ble" as^ the right one, and the measurement
of" the distance between the piers from center
to center to be in accordance with the acts
prescribing it.
With equal assurance the company vindi-
cates the defects of the elevation above high-
est water in the main or channel span with
the existence of the draw span, as provided
in the act of 1862, and the defects in the draw
span with the existence of an unbroken or
continuous span, as provided by the resolu-
tion of 1809.
1 do not feel called upon, Mr. Speaker, to
advance on this occasion my own understand-
ing of the statute referred to, but I do not hesi-
tate to say that the interpretation of the bridge
company does not correspond with the spirit
of protection to the Ohio navigation clearly
indicated in the law, and therefore must be
incorrect.
Neither do I feel authorized to impute other
than good faith to the bridge company in their
assumptions, notwithstanding that the evidence
on the river side as well as the report of the
United States engineers point out several cir-
cumstances from which an arbitrary if not a
criminal propensity to construe the law to suit
their wishes might be inferred.
But, whether these assumptions be warranted
by the law or not, it is certainly our imperative
duty to prevent any and every future miscon-
struction of the statutes in question by a clear
and comprehensive action on the subject, and,
while the exigencies of the case coerce me to
vote for the resolution now under onr consid-
eration, I am compelled to say—with due re-
spect to the gentleman introducing the same—
the remedy proposed therein is entirely too
limited and restricted to one of the many evils
justly complained of by the river interest.
1 therefore heartily indorse the recommend-
ations of the board of United States engineers,
that the bill approved April 7, 1869, authoris-
ing a bridge at Paducah, be repealed and "a
general law be passed:
"That hereafter all bridges to be built across the
Ohio shall have at least one span, givins a clear chan-
nel way four hundred feet wide, measured at i i rlit
angles to the stream, and that the headway uml",-
this span shall not be less than one hundred fc t
from lowest water nor lebs than forty feet Iron Inv-
est water; also, that some branch of the Govern-
ment be specified to supervise the execution ot these
provisions."
If no gentleman of this House shall antici-
pate me in proposing legislative action to that
effect, I shall use an early opportunity 10 in-
troduce a bill, which I am convinced will mrct.
all cases of bridge-building vithont imposing
any unreasonable expense or delay upon
bridge companies, .yet give satisfaction to nil
reasonable claitns of river men.
Mr. Speaker, after thus briefly passing ov r
questions of law and equity, I feel permitted
to add a few words in review of the
COMMERCIAL IMPORTANCE
of the navigation of the Ohio river in its
character as one of the grandest natural chan-
nels of trade and travel between the Alleghany
mountains and the Gulf.
Not only the heaviest interests of industry
and commerce in my district are jeopardized
by any obstruction in the navigation of the
Ohio, but all western Pennsylvania and part
of western New York, the entire S'ates of
Kentucky and West Virginia, and half of
Tennessee, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, aie
deeply concerned in the freedom and expan-
sion of this navigation. Nor is this all, for
while these States look upon the Ohio as th 
natural outlet for their coal, iron, lumber, oil,
grain, leather, pork, and other products and
manufactures, which the great Mississippi for-
wards and distributes to the shores of Arkan-
sas, Mississippi, and Louisiana, the latter re-
turn by the same line of communication their
main staples of cotton, sugar, rice, and other
products to the former, and the two noble
rivers act as the benevolent mediatois of
the reciprocal exchange of their surplus and
necessities.
All these articles of commerce are bulky ;
they comprise the very requisites of industry
and thrift, as essential to the poor as to the rich,
and the slightest advance in their price is a
grievous tax and a source of suffering to the
working classes ; yet their carriage by railroad
would heavily enhance their market price,
even if such accommodations should be within
proper reach; but the demand for these indis-
pensable commodities is so universal and large
that even ten lines of railroad of average capa-
city would not afford sufficient transportation.
It is a fallacy to allege that river commerce
has been killed by railroads, of which tiie
steadily growing traffic of the Ohio is the most
eloquent refutation. Why, Mr. Speaker, the
value of the commerce of all the landings' an'd
ports along the Ohio is computed for 1869 to
reach nearly seven hundred million dollars, of
which the port of Pittsburg alone contributed
$150,000,000; and it is well known that the
coal trade of that city by itself has increased
in 1870 by more than seven million bushels,
or about two million dollars.
Thetonnageof the Ohioisof enormous mag-
nitude, nearly equaling the combined tonnage
of New York and Philadelphia in the single
port of Pittsburg.
The basin of this river and its tributaries
drains more territory than four times the area
of Pennsylvania, and the shore lines between
I lttsburg and Cairo accessible by navigation
pi esent nearly twice as many miles as our shore
lines along the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
Its navigation affords cheap water communica-
tion with nineteen States of the Union, being
ramified with that of thirty different rivers.
."O exaggeration is needed to establish the
immense _ commercial consequence of this
river, which is more_ and more threatened to
