1871.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
be blockaded by the encroachments of aggres-
sive enterprises. There is no use in any ap-
propriation for the improvement of its navi-
gation as long as obstructions are allowed to
be placed on one spot while they are removed
from another; and, Mr. Speaker, the site
where it is contemplated to erect the Newport
and Cincinnati bridge is such as to make it of
extraordinary importance.
Not only is Cincinnati one of the commer-
cial emporiums of the Ohio trade, with an
annual arrival and departure of three thousand
steamers to and from its port, but innumer-
able barges and boats pass by it, up and down
the stream, in their transit carriage of freight,
the extent of which may be estimated from
the fact that even now not less than seventy-
five millions of bushels of coal are known to
pass that city annually. By far the greatest
portion of all industrial enterprises in every
town and village below that city, as well as
domestic comfort, chiefly depends upon this
coal trade for a plentiful and cheap supply of
this precious fuel, and the sanction to com-
plete the bridge in question, in the manner
contemplated and commenced, would, without,
counting other contingencies or-losses, involve
an unjustifiable levy of about two million of
dollars annually upon the poorer but most
industrious classes of the people.
No railroad nor any other invention of
human wit or skill can supersede the services
of our grand rivers, which laid the first, deep
and broad foundation of the westward progress
of our civilization, and still fulfill the great
mission of cementing sectional interests and
regulating the cheapest reciprocity of local
staples. Nature and art follow their sparkling
footsteps with the bountiful guerdons of fer-
tility and mineral treasure, creating all the
refinement of social, intellectual, and commer-
cial advantages by which our cities along these
livers are rapidly growing, and even now rival
their Atlantic sisters in thrift and enterprise.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, permit me, in con-
clusion, to entreat my colleagues in this House,
whatever the claims of other interests upon
our legislative favors may be, never to foster
them by enactments hostile or injurious to our
oldest and greatest benefactors of civilization,
the navigable rivers.
Claim of McGarrahan.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. BINGHAM,
of onto,
In the House or Representatives,
February 20, 1871.
The House having under consideration the report
of the Judiciary Committee on tlie memorial of
"William McGarrahan—
Mr. BINGHAM said:
Mr. Speaker: I greatly regret that the House
has been confused by the introduction at this
stage of this proceeding of a proposition, in
the form ol a mere House resolution, to sell
the laud in dispute and now wrongfully occu-
pied by the New Idria Mining Company. I
do no injustice, I trust, to any gentleman of
the Committee ou the Judiciary when I say
that I sought opportunity in the committee to
have some expression on the title of the New
Idria Mining Company to the property, and it
was denied me. Now, sir, we have a House
resolution proposed that can effect if passed
nothing in the interest of the United States,
and nothing to right the wrong doneby the New
Idria Mining Company, because it would be
no law if adopted, and therefore would confer
no authority upon the President of the United
States whatsoever; it would be a mere ex-
pression of opinion, which might just as well
be made in a market-house meeting as here
in this House.
I respectfully ask the House to pass affirm-
atively upon either the proposition of the
majority of the committee or the proposition
of the minority. The minority, Mr. Speaker,
by the joint resolution reported, as the House
knows right well, propose to clothe the Execu-
tive by express law with power to take care of
the rights of the United States in this behalf,
and of the memorialist as well, and also to
restore the mutilated record of the United
States General Land Office—mutilated, as the
testimony shows upon his own oath, by a man
heretofore and still in the employment of the
New Idria Mining Company I Sir, if he may
thus mutilate the record of the United States
of the grant to Gomez, he may to-morrow
mutilate in like manner any other record of
the United States of a grant to any other
citizen of the Republic. Our law has pro-
vided, in express words, from the day of the
reorganization of the General Land Office to
this hour, that there shall be'no grant of the
public lands by patent and no record made
of any grant of laud by patent of the United
States without the signature of the President
of the United States, either signed by himself
or his secretary duly appointed by him with
the advice and consent of the Senate of the
United States. And the same law has pro-
vided that the exemplification of such record
shall have the same effect as evidence in every
court of the United States, as though the record
had been signed in person by the President.
Mr. Speaker, this mere hireling of the New
Idria Mining Company, acting as its attorney
for the past four years, writes in pencil on the
United States record of the grant to Gomez
the words "Not signed," and obliterates the
record by drawing pencil lines across the name
of the President, his secretary, and the dates
which it bears. From the beginning to the
end of this controversy the New Idria Mining
Company practiced this wrong upon the coun-
try. It laid violent hands first upon the records
of the courts of the United States, and next
upon the records of the General Land Office,
and now comes and claims that its paid attor-
ney was clothed with some power and some
authority to do this thing. The record of
this grant was complete in every respect, dated,
sealed with the seal of the General Land Office,
and signed with the names of the President,
Abraham Lincoln, and his secretary, W. 0.
Stoddard. Yet, Mr. Speaker, instead of meet-
ing this question fairly, we are asked by the
majority of the Committee on the Judiciary
to pass a House resolution that McGarrahan,
to whom Gomez granted the tract ^described
in the record, has no title in this land, and leave
your mutilated record to remain mutilated,
and the New Idria Company to occupy the
same land without color of right and without
ever having paiil one dollar to the United States
for the same.
In the hurry of this debate, with only twenty-
five minutes of time allowed me, the House
will not expect me to discuss fully the various
points to which I shall refer. Before passing
from this point, however, allow me to say that
the minority of the Committee on the Judiciary
considered it a duty which they owed, not only
to this House, but to the people of this country
td substitute for the House resolution reported
by the majority, a joint resolution, to the end
that by law justice might be done. The sub-
stitute which the minority report is this:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Slatciof America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of t.he Interior be. and lie
hereby is. directed to cause the record on pages 312 to
321,inclusive, in volume four of "California Land
Claims," of the patent of a tract of land known as the
"Panoche Grande." as set forth therein, to be tran-
scribedinto the records asthe snraostood on the rec-
ord-book of the General Land Office at the timeit was
examined, without any mutilation or erasure what-
ever, so that the legal effect of the record so trans-
scribed shall be the same as If th<? original record
had never been interfered with or mutilated; and
when such record shall have been so made, as herein
provided, it shall be marked " examined," as it was
originally marked. And the President of the Uni-
ted States is hereby authorized and required to do
in the premises whatever may, in his judgment, be
just and equitable, without regard to any action or
proceeding hadsubsequentto tbeHthday of March,
1863, the date of the patent recorded.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to call attention to
facts which constitute good reasons why the
House should lay aside the proposed amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] which is a mere idle expression of
opinion, and come directly to a vote upon
the substitute reported by the minority of the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is a fact that
the record of the patent to Gomez was care-
fully concealed from Congress, from the courts,
and from the parties interested in it, for seven
years. It is a fact that four years ago, as the
report lo this House by the minority of the
committee shows, the then Judiciary Commit-
tee of the House, through its chairman, Hon.
James F. Wilson, in a letter set out in the
minority report, written in the year 1867, noti-
fied the then Commissioner of the General
Land Office, Joseph S. Wilson, that a patent
had been prepared and executed, but not
delivered, in the case of the Panoche Grande
land granfc, and requested at as early an hour
as possible "a copy" of the same. This letter
of the chairman bears date January 17, 1867.
The following is the reply of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office:
Department op the Interior.
General Laxd Office, January 18,1867.
Sir: Pursuant to your request of yesterday, re-
ceived this morning. X have the honor to ineloso
herewith the original unexecuted patent for the
Panoche Grande rancho.
With great respect, your obedient servant.
JOS. B. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Jamks F. Wmsox, Cliainnan Judiciary Com-
mittee House of lienresentattves.
After this letter of the Commissioner refus-
ing "acopy" and substantially denying that
there was any record, while he avers that the
patent never was executed, how inexcusable
the declaration that the former committee and
the memorialist never claimed that the patent
was signed.
The former committee did claim it was
signed and not delivered. The Commissioner
denied it, and concealed the fact of the exist-
ence of the record, which proves that the pat-
ent was signed. The existence of the record
of this patent never was known to the com-
mittee nor to the memorialist until July, 1870,
and the committee was not permitted to see
it until the Commissioner of the General Land
Office had first mutilated it by his certificate
written on its face, dated Jul}' 25, 1870.
What a pitiful subterfuge! The Commis-
sioner had the record of the patent. Why
did lie not furnish "a copy," as requested?
Ho had been thirty years or more in the
service of the United States in the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and connected especially
with the General Land Office, and no man
in this country knew better than did this Com-
missioner, Joseph S. Wilson, that "acopy"
of the record was as much evidence for the
committee as the original. The record waf
concealed and the "copy" refused! The
House will take notice that the record of this
patent was made in March, 1863, nearly four
years before this request for a copy of the
patent. This shrewd, cunning Commissioner
of the General Land Office, in his letter, con-
ceals the record and states a conclusion which
he would not be permitted to state on oath, in
any court of justice. He sends back to the
committee an unexecuted patent, and one
which my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleb,]
said truly the other day bears evidence of
sundry manipulations and mutilations.
The secret of this record remained with the
