1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator yields tome
only for the purpose of my making this motion.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think that we
want a recess.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us try the sense of the
Senate on that question.
Mr. STEWART. If we take a recess we
shall not get a quorum here to-night. I am
willing, however, to yield to allow the sense
of the Senate to be taken upon the motion. •
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; now let us
have the sense of the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada yields to the Senator from Kansas,
who moves that the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, or at half past four
o'clock ?
Mr. POMEROY. At half past four o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that at half past four o'clock
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 21.
■ Mr. CONKLING. All those who voted in
the .negative will consent, I suppose, to stay
here and put this bill through to night.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to inquire if my
amendment is read through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading is
not quite completed. Does the Senator intend
to ask for a vote upon it?
Mr. STEWART. I want it read through.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of
tlie amendment to the amendment, but was
iuterrupted by—
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
that we forego the reading of the rest of the
amendment, and let us hwe his explanation
of it. It is not necessary to read the whole
of it.
Mr. STEWART. The reading is pretty
nearly through; but I will not ask for it if
there is no desire to hear it. I should like
the Senate to hear it and understand it. Now,
I want to make a statement of what this is.
You have been appropriating for forty years
to these Indians money, which has been mostly
thrown away, for the purpose of maintain-
ing corrupt little aristocracies in the Indian
territory. In this Indian territory there are
a few educated men, men who were educated
at eastern colleges, but the mass of the people
have no rights that either an Indian or a white
man respects. The freedmen there have no
rights that anybody will respect. They are
practically slaves to these nabobs, who now
claim the .right to exclude from this territory
all the people of the United States. They say
that it is their country, and they propose to
have it in perpetuity an Indian aristocracy, to
have it stand as a barrier to the population
coming from the North or from the South.
It is surrounded now by States, and you are
appropriating here to keep up an Indian legis-
lative council there and you are excluding all
the people of the United States from that ter-
ritory.
Now, with regard to the Indians, I wish to
make this suggestion: that so far as any pecun-
iary obligation that we are under to them is
concerned, I am for discharging it to the very
last cent; I will pay them every dollar we owe
them and more, if necessary. But when you
say (bat we shall abdicate our power under
the Constitution to govern the territory of the
United States and to direct what shall be the
public policy there; when you say that we
have lost that jurisdiction, you have misap-
prehended our relation with the Indian, our
relation with the country, our relation to the
Territories, and our obligations to civilization,
to justice, and to humanity.
Now, let me state this proposition concisely.
The proposition contained in the amendment
is, first, that the lands in the Indian territory
shall be surveyed; next, that all the Indians
there, men, women, and children, shall have
an opportunity to select each for himself, or
somebody to select for him or her, each one
hundred and sixty acres of land, a liberality
that we would, not think of extending to white
men, because we confine the homesteads of
white men to those who are the heads of
families; a liberality that the toiling white
man cannot have we propose for these indians.
We propose further that the negroes who are
there and were freed by the war, having for-
merly been slaves, shall each have one hundred
and sixty acres, the same as the Indians, put-
ting them upon precisely the same footing.
Then it is provided that the rest of the land
shall be open to settlement under the general
laws of the United States. In other words,
after homes for the Indians have been sur-
veyed, the white man shall come in next, and
that the proceeds of the lands sold shall go
into a fund ,for educating the Indians and
enabling them to start in agriculture.
This is not one of your jockey trades, to
remove them from one reservation and then
buy another, and have a whole lot of swindlers
connected with the transaction of moving them
from place to place ; but it is to provide them,
according to the spirit of the treaties, with per-
manent homes in the territory where they are,
and to secure them in those permanent homes.
There is a limitation upon alienation until they
shall understand the rights of property. They
will have, by this plan, an immense fund with
which to educate them.
It is a liberal, generous, honest policy. It
is a policy that will prevent what I foresee is
coming with regard to this Indian territory.
Put it up as you will, talk of it as you will, it
is impossible to build a Chinese wall around
fifty million acres of the best land on this con-
tinent. Here is Kansas on one side of this
territory and Texas on the other; Missouri and
Arkansas on the east, and New Mexico on the
west. The people of those States and Terri-
tories must have access to and across this Ter-
ritory. They will have it. How are they going
to have it? Go on in the old way; and they
are going to fill it with jobs when they get it;
they are going to make treaties which will in-
volvean enormous amount of money for remov-
ing these Indians, for circumscribing them, and
they will be driven out ultimately, as they were
from Kansas. You will necessarily have all
the schemes for removing them, for population
will crowd in upon them.
I say first, let the Indians have a reasonable
amount of land, and let that be a liberal
amount; let it be definite and certain; let it
be what any honest man would say they ought
to have ; let it be fixed ; let it belong to them
individually, and give them titles. Now they
have no title whatever. This idea of a nation
owning property in common, without individ-
ual property, is not in accordance with the
notions of any civilized people. There is now
no individual property in this territory. _ Our
treaty says ihe land shall be the Indian's.
Very well ; it is theirs, not individually, but
as a nation. The Supreme Court has repeat-
edly held that, although that kind of title
might be granted by the Government of the
United States, it was only an occupancy which
might be controlled by the Government of the
United States. These treaties practically
amount to nothing by way of preventing this
being done. I propose to give the Indians
property in severalty, property that shall be
theirs. I say this is carrying out the spirit of
the treaties by fixing this territory for their
permanent home. If they attempt to hold on
to the precarious title they now have they will
share the same fate with the Indians who have
been driven from the Atlantic; they will be
moved; there will be jobs in the moving;
they will be denied the rights and benefits of
civilization; they will be sent among savages;
they will be sent on the- frontier among the
savage Indians. Their homes must be violated
if they hold as a nation. The idea of thirty or
forty thousand men owning in common what
will furnish homes for five or ten millions of
American citizens, cannot be tolerated. If
you do not do this honestly, as I now propose,
you will do it violently hereafter.
I propose to let each one of them, white and
black, old and young, red and copper-colored,
select one hundred and sixty acres of land.
That will make a gorgeous and magnificent
domain for them. Let them select that first
and let it be theirs, and then you more than
carry out your treaties by selling the rest of it
and devoting the fund to the education of the
individual members of the tribes. Then you
can break up this aristocracy, break up these
swindling treaties, and let these Indians have
their present annuities on the proceeds of these
lands. Then there will be a chance for the
Christian churches to operate upon them.
Then let one church take one tribe, another
another. Let them have ample funds and
rights of property clearly defined, and let the
churches send out missionaries who shall come
in contact with the poor Indians without the
interference of a chief or a lord. Let there
be something of the genius of civilization pre-
vailing there. Let that-be done, and you will
have made one step toward the honest settle-
ment of a very difficult question.
1 believe that this amendment would be
adopted without a dissenting voice if ihe Sen-
ate had time to listen to the report of the Com-
mittee on Territories, answering ev^ry legal
question, answering every question of policy,
as it does, according to my judgment, quoting
as it does from the highest tribunals of the
country on the legal questions. But here we
are with this pressure to pass this appropria-
tion bill, with this pressure to continue a bad
system, with this pressure to prevent reform.
The bill must be hurried through with no
chance for reform, no chance for consideration.
I appeal to the Senate to pause before they
take a step which will compel the dammed-up
population that surrounds this Territory to
break over the lines without rule. Before you
are called upon to remove these Indians with
enormous jobs, and enormous dishonesly, be-
fore you are called upon to destroy them, let
them take a reasonable amount of land, let it
be their own, and let the proceeds of the sale
of the rest go to their education, and then the
Christian churches of this country will have a
fair opportunity to see what can be done when
these Indians have definite rights and ample
means.
Mr. WILSON. I hope, Mr. President, that
this amendment will not be pressed upon this
bill at this time. This is a great question, and
it should come up at that period of the session
when we have days to devote to it. I hope that
at the beginning of the next session the ques-
tion will come up and that we shall have ample
time to deal with it.
There are a great many important principles
involved in the bill now moved as an amend-
ment to this appropriation bill. Everybody
knows that that country was set apart for these
Indians ; that they were removed there under
circumstances that stained the name and fame
of the country forty years ago. The action of
this Government in removing those tribes to
that country, the mode and manner in which
it was done, are among the dark chapters in
the history of the Republic, and especially so
much as related to the removal of the Indians
in Florida.
Now, sir, I am among those who are in favor
of setting apart an Indian territory and making
it a State, and adopting the general idea of
lands going into the hands of individuals. I
agree with the Senator from Nevada in that
policy; but, sir, before that is done, before
white men are let into that territory, I want
it opened for tlie other Indians of the country;
let us get them into it if we can, for I believe
that if white men are prematurely let in there
the Indian goes out and perishes. Therefore,
I hope the Senator will not press this amend-
ment now or think of doing it, and that we
