1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
shall lay it on tlie table if he does; and that
at the next session he will bring it up, and let
us come here and begin the session of Con-
gress by working at the commencement of the
session, and not have all our business thrown
into the close, as is the ease now, when we
have not time to do anything but pass the
absolutely necessary bills to keep the wheels
of the Government in motion.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Massachusetts move to lay the amendment on
the table?
Mr. WILSON. I will withhold that motion
until the Senator has made his suggestion.
Mr. STEWART. You cannot get rid of such
an important question as this in that way.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. STEWART. The other Indians where
they are have reservations; let them be divided
noon the same principle.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator must
admit that if such a measure as he has spoken
of here to-day is pressed the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] who has risen to his
feet, and other Senators, will want to discuss
it, and we shall require three or four days, no
doubt, to consider it.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that I did not rise for the pur-
pose of debating this question, for I am per-
fectly willing that the amendment shall pass
without any discussion from me or anybody
else; bat I wish to ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts how he proposes to exclude white
men from any portion of the territory of this
country and confer special privileges on any
people, on account of race or color, in the
Territories, under the principles which he
advocates?
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that that
country, as the Senator will remember, under
Jackson's administration, was set apart for
. these Indians and guarantied to them forever
as their country, and they were taken away
from the homes of their fathers and removed
there. I take it that the Senator from Mis-
souri will not disagree with me that we ought
to do what we can to civilize the Indians. We
have commenced a policy for that purpose, and
are doing something, and I have voted to-day
fretty liberal appropriations in that direction.
hope that this measure, which is a great
measure, that ought to stand by itself, and
that ought not to pass this Senate without at
least three or four days of careful, considerate,
earnest debate, in which the best minds here
shall be brought to its consideration, will not
be pressed upon this bill at this hour and at
this time of the session.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay this amendment
on the table.
Mr. NYE. I wish the Senator would with-
draw that motion for one minute.
Mr. HARLAN. This is an amendment to
an amendment.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Nevada
renew the motion?
Mr. NYE. I will give way and the Senator
may make it again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. If this is laid on the table
will it affect the amendment to which it is
moved as an amendment?
Mr. STEWART. It ought to take the amend-
ment with it when you are establishing a terri-
torial government. It ought all logo together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In tlie appre-
hension of the Chair, laying the amendment
to the amendment on the table would not affect
the original amendment itself.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator
from California has reconsidered his opposi-
tion to a recess, and thinks on the whole we
bad better have a recess.
Mr. COLE. I am willing to defer to the
judgment of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There are so many sub-
jects to be discussed this evening that the Sen-
ator agrees with me that we had better have
a recess. I therefore make the motion for a
recess.
Mr. COLE. I withdraw for the present my
motion to lay the amendment on the table,
retaining the floor, if lean, to make that motion
when the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] to
whom I yield, concludes.
Mr. NYE. I shall vote for this amendment
if it is insisted upon. I think it is an amendment
that ought to pass. I simply rose to say that
this is a subject that I have given some con-
sideration to, and the committee of which I
have the honor to be a member have given
it very thorough examination. They think it
entitled to the consideration of both Houses
of Congress.
I will make one single remark now. If our
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] pro-
poses to run all the wild Indians in there, I
suppose Missouri and the surrounding States
will have something to say about it. I think
this is an amendment that is eminently just,
and I think civilization cannot be had among
Indians until they have independent property.
Mr. COLE. I now move to lay the amend-
ment to the amendment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to lay the amendment
to the amendment on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a remark
if the Senator will withdraw that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. STEWART, (to Mr. Cole.) You will
save time by letting me make a remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
withdrawn?
Mr. COLE. I will withdraw the motion,
if I can retain the floor for the purpose of
renewing it.
Mr. STEWART. I will not occupy much
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to lay the amendment
to the amendment upon the table.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—-ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment of the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is now
before the Senate, is it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. Will not the Senator
allow us to take the sense of the Senate on a
recess?
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not take the floor from me.
Mr. POMEROY. No; I only want the sense
of the Senate on the question of a recess.
Mr. STEWART. I want the amendment
16 The Chief Clerk read the pending amend-
ment, which was on page "3, after line seven-
teen hundred and ninety-three ot the bill, to
insert the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to eirnblo the Secretary of the Interior
to cause settlements to be made wuh all l'e s>on 
appointed by Indian councils to receive mones s duo
incompetent or orphan Indians, per act of Jut> o,
1862, (12 Statutes-at-Large, pages 029-oJ.) SO.UW.
For this amount, or so much thereat as 1)6
^ it    nf Krt'.lint* n. £TM1-
territorv, ft* provided by the treaties with said
tribes in 1S65. for the fiscal year ending .June oO,
1S72, S1J.500: Provided, That an* other Inuian tribe
permanently located in said Indian territoiy shall
be, ami is hereby, authcuized to elect and send to
said "general council" one delegate, and in audi
tion one delegate for each ono thousand Indians, or
fraction of a thousand greater than five hundred,
being motnbers of such tiibe, on the same teruisanct
conditions, and with the same rights and privileges,
including right to compensation, as is provided for
delegates of the tribes hereinbefore mentioned, and
a sufficient sum to pay the per diem and mileage of
such additional delegates is hereby appropriated.
Mr. STEWART. I desired to have the
motion to lay on the table the other amendment
withdrawn, that I might make a few remarks,
but I was not indulged in that request. Now
I propose to consider for a few moments the
legislation here proposed. As I understand,
this legislative assembly is only a getting
together of some of these speculating chiefs.
We had at one time a delegation here from the
freedmen who were liberated there, complain-
ing of the great outrages that had been com-
mitted on them. I understand the greatest
cruelties were practiced toward them by these
Indians. They have no representation in the
legislative assembly. There is no equality of
rights in that little aristocratic establishment
that you are speaking of and proposing to
pay money to. It is simply giving money to
these nabobs to get together and have a good
time.
Mr. BLAIR. I understand that the treaty
authorizes the Indians to remove the negroes
out of the territory, if they see proper to do so.
Mr. STEWART. They prefer to let them
stay there and legislate against them, as I
understand, and deprive them of every right.
Certainly the-y are authorized to do anything
they please pretty much. You will do anything
for these nabob Indians, and no other voice
can be heard. These matters are arranged by
a few Indians who understand all the "ways
that are dark" and '-tiicks that are" not
"vain" by any means, because they make a
heap of money out of these things. There is
no representative system among them.
Here are fifty million acres of land held by
twenty or thirty thousand Indians. I know
that they say that they number sixty thou-
sand, but it is not so. You can never get a
correct account from Indians of their num-
ber's. When there are hardly a dozen of them
they represent and try to make out that they
are twenty or thirty thousand, for tlie purpose
of scaring somebody. That is Indian nature.
You have not in the United States now one
hundred thousand Indians. There is not one
of your censuses that comes anywhere near
the truth. These Indians skulking about and
dodging about would make it appear that
they are a thousand in number when they are
only a few. In that respect they are like the
coyotes. When you hear one of them howl-
ing on the prairies you would think from the
noise that there was a whole army of them,
but in the morning, when you come to look at
the hills in the distance, you find that one
little coyote has made all the noise.
Now, among all these Indians there are a
few educated men who manage the tiling, who
exaggerate the number of Indians and get
all these appropriations. Their legislature is
a humbug. Their constitution was brought
here, and I wish I had a copy of it to show
what a beautiful kind of thing it is. They got
together and made a constitution declaung
their independence of " all the world and the
rest of mankind," and they say they will not let
anybody else go into the territory; but when
it comes to the question of money they want
more money "all tiie time and want the Grovern-
ment of the United States to support them,
though they have fifty milliou acres of the best
landlhat ever lay out of doors. These chiefs
are the speculators and managers who control
these things. They are half white. They were
slaveholders before the war and they rebelled
durinff the war. They do every thing to trample
! on justice and right, and they call on us now
ii to pay for their getting together and perform-
11/ another farce like the Oklahoma larcc,
01 whatever is the name of the place where
they met. They propose to establish a •>   « "
tation and build a Chinese wail around that
territory, a constitution proposing to perpet-
