1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753
is recognized everywhere and by everybody;
and on this general, broad principle, it is right
that the taxes should be levied upon those who
ha*e the property. Upon the policy of the
thingi upon the fairness and justice of the
thing, is it not right and propfer, politic and
expedient, for any Government to lay its taxes
upon those who will least feel the burden of
the taxation? Cannot men who have an annual
income over two thousand dollars pay two and
a half per cent, on thatexcess of income easier
than poor men can pay taxes out of the means
which are below the necessities of the support
of their families? It strikes me that there i3
nothing more clear than that. It strikes me
that in all taxation everywhere this consider-
ation has operated, and operated as an influ-
ential consideration in the laying of taxes.
Now, we have it from the proper authorities
of this Government that the revenue derived
from our present taxation upon all subjects
whatever is necessary to meet the demands
of the Government. If, however, that be not
true; if we in thi3 Chamber are to give the
lie to the official records and official demands
of the Administration, and if we are to reduce
taxes, shall we reduce the taxes of capitalists,
of those men who fill the great cities, and half
a dozen of whom make enormous incomes out
of the profits of their business and off their
capital year after year; shall we take tax-
ation off them and put it upon the poor men
of the country ? I hold not.
I represent a people who are willing to pay,
and willing to do, and willing to suffer, when
need be, for the interests and the welfare of
their country, and who have proved it on all
occasions; but I say here, as their represent-
ative, if the means of this Government are
abundant, if there is an excess derived from
the present taxation, let not that excess be
diminished by taking it off the persons or the
property of the rich, of the wealthy, of those
who are living in affluence, and placing it upon
the poor, but rather take it off the consump-
tion of the poor men, or of the men of the
country generally. Poor men consume as
much as rich men; they eat and drink, as a
general rule, quite as much ; and though what
they eat and drink may not be as costly in all
respects, the taxation on it is as burdensome
to them. If, then, we can reduce taxation,
take it off the consumption of the country; let
us have the taxes on salt and tea and coffee,
those things that enter into the daily consump-
tion of the masses of the people, reduced in
order to get rid of the surplus which Senators
say we have, or .shall have, in the Treasury
of the United States.^
That is my feeling in regard to this matter,
and I will not believe that it is necessary to
argue the question further than this, so far as
a defense of my attitude in the premises is
concerned. I believe that the rich who are
able to pay should pay, rather than that this
burden should be taken off them and put upon
the poor who are not able to pay, and whose
necessities demand that they must consume.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I shall not
make a speech upon this question. My con-
stituents certainly do not desire the repeal of
this tax; and besides that, a memorial is now
before the Legislature of our State, which I
think will pass, protesting against the repeal.
We have among us,in our new and weak agri-
cultural community, very few persons who will
ever hear of this income tax. It is not neces-
sary for me to argue the question. I am in
sympathy with them, and am perfectly willing
that capital shall pay. If I were a capitalist
I would pay without carrying the case to the
United States Supreme Court. _ Hence, I shall
vote against the repeal of the income tax.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I shall
say but a very few words ; and I should not
have risen at all but for soma remarks that
fell from my distinguished friend from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] which were rather ini the
nature of a lecture. I always regret to hear
lectures in the Senate, notwithstanding the
distinguished source from which they Some-
times come.
I had proposed, after hearing the discussion
upon this subject at great length, and a dis-
cussion evidently of marked ability* to vote
for the passage af the bill. I was innocent in
my conclusions. I may, however, have acted
remissly in not investigating the question more
closely, and thereby learning whether it was
a Republican or a Democratic measure; but
really in my remissness it had not occurred to
me that it was either one or the other. I
looked to the question on its mferitsi
Now, I am told that he who votes for this
bill is rather round-toed; that he does not
come up to the measure squarely. Well, sir,
for my part, in my boyhood I was vfery im-
provident in the boots and shoes that I wore
from time to time, and I generally cramped
my feet. Now, in view of the experience I
have had upon that subject, I do not like to
be cramped, and in this instance I desire not
to be. I want to give a vote agreeable to the
merits of the case, as I conceive; and I pro-
pose to vote for the bill. If that be a round-
toed vote, if that be voting against Republic-
anism, surely I am not aware of it.
But I am admonished further that many of
the Senators here who are voting for this meas-
ure are Democrats. That does not alarm me.
The Democrats, sometimes at least, give good
votes. I should regret seriously if they were
always in error. It will not do to act upon
such an assumption. It is an extreme that I
think we are not called upon to indorse.
Further, we are admonished that the minis-
try may retire if we, by voting for this measure
and passing it, thereby make an issue with
Secretary Boutwell. I propose nothing of
that kind, nor, in my innocence upon this sub-
ject, had I canvassed that matter. I had not
recognized him as involved in it one way or
the other. If our distinguished Secretary shall
see proper to receive it as an issue in ease the
result be adverse to his recommendation, he js
a free man ; he has a right to retire ; and if
his retirement should follow, I shall certainly
lose no confidence in the perpetuity of this
great nation. We perhaps might do about as
well. I do not know how that is, nor do I
pretend to say whether we could or not.
But, sir, we are further informed that in
England the ministry have time and again
retired during long centuries past. That is
so ; and yet the English are a mighty nation.
There is nothing very serious, in my impras-
sion, growing out of the intimation gjven us
touching those points by the distinguished
Senator from Vermont. I, for my part, would
rather come up to- the matter squarely and
unmistakably, as I do upon this occasion and
as I propose to do upon all others. I have the
utmost respect for Mr. Secretary Boutwell. I
have likewise a high regard and respect for
the other official gentleman whose opinion is
slightly different lrom that of Mr. Boutwell. I
might very well differ, in my humble judgment,
with Mr. Boutwell as to his policy in many
other particulars; and, had I time to discuss
the subject, I should not feel very much
alarmed in entering upon it.
I think that this Government might have
resumed specie payments long since. I think
the credit of the Government amply sufficient
to authorize specie paymentss at any moment.
It has only to will and to do to accomplish that
result. This Government has credit ample to
go into the markets of the world to borrow any
amount of money that would be necessary to
protect it against any rim that could be made
upon it, thereby protecting the citizens of this
mighty nation from the imposition of the ' gold
rings" in New York find elsewhere. Who
foots those bills? Who pays the profits of those
speculations? The people at large pay them.
There is no doubt about that; but I have not
the time now to enter into that subject, nor am
I disposed to do so.
I hope Lb will be found that my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Howell,] who has Bo eloquently
opposed this measure, was Correct in one of
his positions. He said that he had no hesitancy
in Saying that he was in the minority On this
measure. I hope that he will realize that fact,
and between him and me there is no issue.
I also congratulate my friend from Nebraska,
[Mr. Tipton,] who says that his State is all
ready and all anxiety to pay anything we may
require at her hands. Not so mine. The peo-
ple down there are a slow-paying people, and
I can testify that they would be very much
gratified to be relieved from the onerous tax
imposed in this instance.
I have heard it intimated in the course of
the debate that the nation is not likely to be
blessed, if I may use that word in this connec-
tion, which is not fit to be used in its proper
sense in this regard, by an immense revenue
arising from spirituous liquors. I should be
gratified to know that the nation could not
derive the hundredth part of a fraction from
that source. 1 would be gratilifed if the word-
"liquor" and everything that pertains to it
could be expunged, Beaton-like, if you please,
and let us be free from it. Then I would re-
spond to my friend from Nebraska and say,
"Yes; tax everything, anything, but save the
lives of thousands and thousands of good citi-
zens and much treasure to the nation." Let
that go: lam not alarmed when the gentle-
man threatens me with that.
But, sir, I have no idea of the bankruptcy
of this nation if thi3 onerous tax is repealed,
and certainly the continuance of the tax is not
favored by the country. My friend from Iowa
said there were no evidences that the people
desired its repeal. There may not be in his
country, but in mine there are; and all Sen-
ators upon this floor I think—there can surely
be but few exceptions—must know that this is
not a favorite tax with the people* I say
nothing about its constitutionality. I have not
time to discuss that subject, nor had I intended
to say one word in any way, manner, or shape;
but I want to stand here an independent Sen-
ator, to vote as I deem proper, respecting truly
and unmistakably the interests of the State
which I have the honor in part to represent,
and I do not wish it to be understood that I
am voting Democratic or Republican blind-
folded, without looking to the merits of the
case.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to make
a speech, but to say a word or two in explana-
tion of the vote I shall give.
I have constantly, since I have held a seat in
this body, voted to reduce taxes. I have done
so on two grounds: first, because the great
burden of taxation rests upon the people; and
secondly, because, in my judgment, we can-
not have economy in the Government unless
we cut down the revenues of the Government.
If the Government collects $500,000,000 a
year it will spend $500,000,000 a year. If yon
cut down its revenue to $300,000,000, it will
spend no more than $300,000,000. If you
cut it down to $200,000,000, it will be content
with the expenditure of $'200,000,000. And
for that reason, as well as to relieve the peo-
ple from the great burden of taxation under
which they labor, I have constantly voted to
reduce taxation.
Governed by these motives, I shall vote
to repeal the income tax; but I cannot, not-
withstanding the very asble argument of my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Johsstox,] go as
far as he proposes, and vote to abolish tne
entire body of internal revenue taxes. I can
not do that, because I think there are some
articles of taxation embraced in the internal
revenue tax law which are fair subjects ioi*
taxation; and also governed by another propo-
sition, which is this: if you abolish all inter-
nal revenue taxes, that will be made a pretext
for perpetuating what I consider one ot the
most onerous tax systems under which this or
any other country ever groaned; I mean our
