754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
present tariff laws. Abolish all internal reve-
nue taxes, and then it is evident that no reduc-
tion whatever will be made in the customs
duties; and I am in favor of reducing there,
and reducing pretty largely. I shall vote for
the proposition to repeal the income tax, bat
I cannot vote for the proposition to repeal all
the internal revenue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed_ for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. W A.RNJ5K. 1 have a single remark to
make before voting on this bill. Until we are
prepared to reduce the taxes upon tea, coffee,
and sugar, and such articles as the masses of
the people consume; until the finances of the
Government will allow us to relieve the great
masses of the people from the burdens of tax-
ation, which they pay; until we are ready to
relieve the poor, I am not willing to vote for
the repeal of a tax, the taking off of which is
specially for the relief of the rich.
There can be no doubt as to the voice of the
people in this matter. The Senator from Iowa
is light when he says that there is no demand
from the people for a repeal of this tax. There is
a clamor, a loud clamor, from the men who
pay this tax for its repeal. They are here and
about us; they are in a position to be heard ;
but the great masses of the people who pay
taxes upon the necessities of life, such as
sugar, tea, and coffee, do not come here, and
they are not heard here. But they will be
heard when we go home; and I say to my
political associates that, in my judgment,
they cannot put into the hands of our polit-
ical opponents a more formidable weapon to
use against us in the coming campaign than
this one charge, that we are relieving the rich
while we are leaving the taxes upon the poor.
The exhibit which is made to us by the
Secretary of the Treasury and that was pre-
sented to us yesterday by the chairman of the
Finance Committee shows that we cannot
safely proceed further, if even as far, as we
have already gone 111 the line of the reduction
of taxes.
For these considerations I shall vote against
this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I do not
deem it necessary to enter at all into the merits
of this question, and I shall not do so. I am
too anxious to have the final vote taken—a
vote (hat 1 hope will dispose of theincome tax,
so far as this body is concerned—to delay the
Senate by speech-making.
When I first addressed some views to the
Senate on this subject, those who thought and
acted with me were few in number. I am glad
to see by the votes that have been already had
in regard to the income tax during the present
discussion that the number of those who think
with me now on that subject has so greatly
increased.
1 have heretofore said all that I deem it
proper for me to say 011 the general propriety
of continuing iliis tax. I shall not repeat it
now. it is, however, due to myself to say
that everything which has since occurred has
confirmed me m my original position.
i do not precisely understand what my friend,
the Senator from Veimont, intended when he
spoke of a vole to repeal the income tax as a
censure upon t.he Secretary of the Treasury.
Does he mean to say that in case the Senate
shall by its vole express a judgment different
from that of the Secretary of the Treasury it
will be deemed a reproach to him in his office ?
If so, that is one view; but, in that point of
view, let inn suggest to (he Senator that he
could hardly have intended by his remark to
question the perfect right of the Senate, as
an independent branch of the Government, to
differ from that officer, or any other officer in
the executive department, on this or any other
question.
Indeed I do not see on what the Senator
could have intended by his remark. If this
tax be repealed by the Senate it will be because
it is an onerous, unjust, and improper tax.
If such be its character, why should it not
be repealed; why should it not be swept out
of existence, even though that action should
be a censure of the Secretary of theTreasury 1
If there be any public officer in that depart-
ment of the Government or elsewhere who
seeks to obstruct' a great public reform, to
stand in the way of the repeal of an odious
impost, I know of no reason why the Senate
should be restrained from taking action in
the proper direction by the apprehension that
its course will be a censure upon him. The
Secretary's own figures, in the report in which
he suggests the propriety of continuing this
tax, are a perfect answer to his suggestion.
Besides enormous and unheard-of balances
constantly in the Treasury—$150,000,000 at
one time, and $184,000,000 at another—they
show a constant increase of the revenue, which
of itself is full of significance and full of
encouragement to those who, like me, are in
favor of discontinuing this tax. Why, sir,
for the quarter ending September 30, 1870,
he shows receipts of the revenue at the rate of
$<100,000,000 per annum, being $115,000,000
for that one quarter; while there are no figures
and no estimates that pretend to place the
expenses of this Government much above three
hundred and nine or three hundred and ten
million dollars.
In the face of such figures as these who can
hesitate to remove this tax ? A very much
greater reduction of taxation would not only
be justified, but is imperatively demanded at
the hands of Senators. Taxation is what the
country desires to be relieved from, what it
has a right to be relieved from. Never in the
history of nations have a people borne such a
load of taxation so cheerfully, so generously
in every respect. But, sir, it is the last feather
which breaks the back of the camel Having
continued that burden for a long period after
the necessity for it had ceased, they may well
be excused if they are restive under anything
that looks to a further continuance of it.
■ One gentleman has asked, where are the
petitions for this repeal? Why, sir, it is a
universal cry coming up from all parts of the
country.
Senatprs have talked here of this tax as a
tax which falis only upon capital, with which
the poor man has no concern. Sir, does any
person who speaks with proper instruction on
this subject of taxation undertake to draw for
us any line between the taxes which the poor
do not bear and those which they do bear?
The poor of the country are the masses of the
country; they are the producers and the con-
sumers of the country. If anything is axiom-
atic in politics, or in the science of taxa-
tion, it is that they are precisely the people
who, first or last, bear all the burdens of Gov-
ernment. It is vain, therefore, for gentlemen
to seek to draw a line on this subject, to at-
tempt to sustain this tax as a rich man's tax,
and, claiming to speak in the interest or 011
behalf of the masses of the people, to insist
on its continuance. No such distinction can
' be made. The tax has outlived its time; it
i has outlived its time by at least two years,
j We shall be doing a good work, if we do no
■ other this session, by its repeal.
1 1 shall not trouble the Senate further, being
j very desirous indeed to have the final vote
i taken without delay.
.Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from California makes an allusion to some of
my remarks, which imposes upon me perhaps
the necessity of a brief reply.
When the Secretary of the Treasury comes
here with his balance-sheet, and says that we
are to have so many dollars of receipts and
that our expenditures will be so much, and
when it is apparent from the bills that have
already passed and those that are pending
that our expenditures will exceed even the
amount stated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, I then say that if we go 011 and deprive
him of twelve or fifteen million dollars of his
receipts it is a virtual vote of a want of con-
fidence in the Secretary of the Treasury.
I know that the Democratic party go upon
the Irish shillalah principle in relation to tax-
ation, and wherever they see a head they hit
it, no matter whether it is in the tariff or in
the internal revenue taxes ; and, for the time
being, the tax which is under discussion is
the most onerous, the most oppressive of all.
But the Republican party have some higher
responsibility. They have the Administration
on their back, and we are bound to so conduct
the Government in its financial operations as
to meet with the commendation of the people.
It is important for us that we shall so conduct
the finances of the country as to be able to
fund our present large public debt at a much
lower rate of interest. How are we to do it
if we cripple the means of the Treasury V
While the Treasury is flush, while it is in re-
ceipt of ample reventie, not only to cover the
ordinary expenses of the Government, but to
provide for a sinking fund in addition, we may
hope that we shall be successful in negotiating
a loan sufficient to take up our present indebt-
edness at a much lower rate of interest; and
when that is done, I will say to my friend from
California that I will join him and be ready to
strike, hip and thigh, taxes in all directions,
so as to reduce the amount to the very lowest
possible sum that will be adequate for the
support of the Government and the payment
of the interest 011 the public debt and a small
additional sinking fund.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, when I am
satisfied that all internal revenue taxes can be
abolished properly, and we maintain the Gov-
ernment, 1 shall then be in favor of abolishing
the income tax, and not before. It is, fn my
judgment, the most just and proper tax col-
lected under this system, and it will be the last
that I shall vote to abolish.
At the last session of Congress we reduced
the duty on tea and coffee about one third, and
we reduced the income tax two thirds; and
now we are asked to take off the other third
from the income tax, and leave tea and coffee
standing as they do. We reduced the duty 011
coffee from five to three cents a pound, and it
has already fallen live cents*a pound in the
market in consequence, and tea has fallen fif-
teen cents a pound. If any man supposes that
the consumers, the poor men of this country,
have not found that out he is mistaken.
It is said that there is a cry coming up from
all parts of the country to wipe out this odious
tax. The cry comes, Mr. President, fioin
those who pay it. It is inconvenient to pay
taxes ; all taxes are burdensome; and, for one,
I should bo glad to be rid of taxes; hut as
long as taxes are imposed, I am in favor of
maintaining this tax. And to show you, sir,
that this cry is not universal, I have before me
the resolutions passed by the Republican State
convention in New Hampshire, on the £>ih day
of this month : and to present the position of
the Republican party in that State upon this
question I will read two or three of those
resolutions, and with them shall conclude my
remarks;
" Jiesolved', Th.it nil laws imposing unnecessary or
unequal burdens, by taxation or otbeiwise, upon
the whole or any portion ol tlie community, thereby
diminishing or wholly depriving theiu of that com-
pensation, leisure, and opporlunily lor (level,'p-
merit, improvement, and happiness which tluir
industry and devotion to duly fairly entitle them
to enjoy, arc unjust and oppressive, arid suoald be
immediately repealed.
" /iesoliM-d, That,,ill laws which favor capital attho
expense ot'Iaboi, and ollej a bounty to accumulated
wealth at the expense of productive industry, aie
inconsistent with the principles of democratic re-
publicanism, and we hereby repudiate and denounce
