mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Claim, of McGarrahan—Mr. Peters.
Ho. of Reps.
were had to get the case fairly and squarely
before the courts for a decision upon its merits.
They tried by all sorts of means to get that
cuse again before the Supreme Court of the
United States. Sir, this William McGarra-
han went so far as to go into the supreme
court of the State of Callifornia, and petition
for an injunction against the United States
court giving an appeal from its proceedings.
Judge Haight refused to give a certificate of
the records of the court; he would not allow
a tianscript of the papers t<? be taken. The
clerk of the California district court would
make no transcript. Here was the Attorney
General of the United States and the various
counsel of the United States almost begging a
court of the United States to give them a
copy of its records by which they could go to
the highest court of the country, and there
show the rascality commenced by Pacificus
■ Ord, and carried out by these claimants.
After much timeand tribulation, it occurred
to the attorneys of the Government that there
wasa statute of the United States under which,
it'a court refused a transcript of its record, the
attorney of the United States could make up
a transcript upon his own authority and swear
to it. By some means or another the attorney
made up a transcript. The law of the United
States allowed the court to send in a transcript
to correct the one made up by the attorney
if its correctness was questioned. The court,
in self defense, sent m a transcript, which
confirmed the one furnished by the attorney.
And finally, in this way, the case came before
the Supreme Court of the United States; and
upon a hearing of all the facts precisely as sub-
mitted to the commission that court, having
over and over again reviewed the action of the
court below, have unanimously decided that
William McGarrahan had no claim whatever.
They have decided against him on the law and
on the fact. He was before them by most
eminent counsel. Such counsel took ground
that the court had no jurisdiction of the case.
They afterward argued it upon its merits. And
upon all the points and at all times the de-
cision has been against this claim. All the
judges, and all the Attorneys General, and all
the officials of the United States who have
had any respect for the purity of judicial pro-
ceedings have denounced most vigorously this
William McGarrahan or Gomez claim.
I see by the finger of time on yonder clock
that I must hasten along where 1 could profit-
ably longer dwell. There was a rascality about
this matter in the courts, and I defy any man
to face me and say that it is not so upon the
evidence in this case. There is a romance of
rascality in the conduct of Pacificus Ord and
others m the courts of California, in endeavor-
ing to get this snap and improper judgment,
that has hardly any parallel in the annals of
history.
And now the friends of McGarrahan say,
although upon that evidence and that record
he had not a case, that he would have made
out a case. If the Gomez claim wasagood
one why did he sell hall of it to Ord tor a
dollar? They say, further, that the Supreme
Court of the United States had no jurisdiction
of the questions settled by them. The claim-
ants baffled and cheated the Supreme Court,
so that it and the officers of the United States
could not get hold of the case until a time had
elapsed .after which it is alleged the Supreme
Court lost jurisdiction.
It is enough for me in this case to know that
the Supreme Court have decided that they had
jurisdiction; and they have unanimously so
decided. The question here to-day is sub-
stantially this: the court, of last resort having
decided the case, shall we, the Legislature of
the nation, undertake to say that they have
decided wrong; and that,too, on a question of
practice over which they have the entire con-
trol. I have no time to go into the matter fully.
Iam perfectly satisfied, by good reasoning and
by decisions and precedents, that the Supreme
Court were entirely supported in all they did.
It is not in the mouth of the claimants, who
have by fraud and deception and conspiracy
attempted to cheat the Supreme Court out of
a jurisdiction, to say that such jurisdiction
came too late, when all the substantial delay
was caused by themselves. We must abide
by the decision. It is the best we can get; it
is from the highest court we have ; it should
be an end of all the litigation.
This is not the only Mexican land claim that
will be pressed here if we are to set aside what
the Supreme Court has done. Anybody famil-
iar with this field of speculation well knows
that there are numerous claims founded on
unfinished records which would crowd through
our doors when once opened; and if oral Mex-
ican testimony will suffice, as much as will suit
the fullest demand is at hand.
Mr. Speaker, there is another point of fraud
in relation to this matter. Although I have
not time to review the testimony, I give my
judgment to the House for what it is worth,
that there was an infernal fraud in getting a
survey such as they got for the execution of
this patent. In 1862 a statute was passed by
Congress providing that a man having a grant
confirmed to him, and needing a survey, in
order to get his patent of it, might have a pri-
vate survey made without notice to any parties
interested. That act was put through in be-
half of William McGarrahan. As soon as the
act was approved by the President of the Uni-
ted States McGarrahan had a survey of this
land made. So preposterous was that act that
the Land Commissioner of the United States
has never allowed another survey to be made
under it. This survey, made for McGarrahan,
was the first and last one ever made under
that act. In order to get the law through
Congress a provision was submitted to that if
a survey should be made without notice it
should be of prima facie value only, and not
conclusive.
What was the location of the tract which
McGarrahan had surveyed under that act? On
the map which I hold in my hand by his calls
his tract is bounded here by the red and then
by the yellow, and should be located some-
where on the green. He has swung off from
his boundaries and floated to the mountains,
three thousand feet above the level of the sea.
He should have located his survey here in the
agricultural land and for agricultural purposes ;
but he has located it so as to cover one mine
which he and his associates have bought so
as to attempt to steal another.
A Member. What is the distance?
Mr. PETERS. Twenty-seven miles at one
point; sixteen miles at the nearest point from
where his calls would take him. Any gentle-
man will see by looking at the configuration
of this tract, as exhibited on this map, that it
does not look much like a farm.
I have only time here to say that the majority
of the committee have come to the conclusion
that upon this point there is fraud upon the
part of McGarrahan. The deputy surveyor
who made the location says in his testimony
substantially that he made the survey under
the direction of McGarrahan ; and the present
surveyor general of California and many other
reliable surveyors say it is impossible to locate
the tract where it is now claimed to be located.
The next chapter in the history of this c aim
shows a tremendous assault upon the Depart-
ments to get a patent from them. After
cheating, or getting around the courts, and
after the fraudulent survey—and this was be-
fore they were brought into the Supreme Court
of the United States, for final decision—they
came to President Lincoln, and besieged and
beset him. A distinguished gentleman was
engaged to urge him to order that a patent
should be issued. I have no time to go into
details; the evidence is before the House; the
reports with the testimony have been printed.
It is enough fo say that McGarrahan, without
the knowledge of the Attorney General's
Department, came very near getting a patent.
As 1 understand the position of some of his
friends on this floor, he came so near getting
a patent frauduently that the deserving fellow
really ought to have it.
The next chapter in the history of this claim
is the siege of Congress. Now, it is urged here
that if Gomez was a rascal and Ord a villain
McGarrahan may be an honest man. An un-
answerable .answer to that. is that Gomez could
assign only what he had and not what he had
not; that he assigned a claim from which an
appeal could be taken and afterward was taken
and the action of a previous tribunal reversed.
I charge against McGarrahan that he attempted
to foil the courts of a jurisdiction of this case.
I charge him with denying to the officers of
the United States Government access to the
transcript of the records in California. I charge
him with complicity in the fraud of sending
up a false appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States. I charge him with a knowledge
that Ord owned one half of t.he claim, because
in the deed from Gomez to McGarrahan the
sale is expressly declared to be subject to the
sale of one half the claim to Pacificus Ord, who
had acquired this interest while acting as a
public attorney. I charge him further, on the
evidence in this case, not with assisting in
getting up, but with getting up a fraudulent
survey.
Mr. Speaker, it is said that McGarrahan
owns all of this claim ; that he is the only man
before Congress. But, sir, there are a great
many McGarrahans who own with him. It
has been put into a stock corporation of $10,-
000,000. J have seen some of the stock issued
by this company. He is put forward here as
an humble individual to take sympathy from
Congress ; but his claim is owned from Boston
to California. He paid to Gomez $1,100 for
his half the claim. Is not that proof sufficient,
when he admits that he paid only $1,100 for
property said to be worth millions, that the
claim was either worthless or fraudulent. I
charge upon him notice of its character, and I
charge upon him conduct whereby he should
have no sympathy from Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have been compelled
hastily to run over the history of this question.
I never knew what the minority report was
until yesterday. Until then I never knew what
their recommendation to Congress was to be.
I was taken by surprise by it.. If I understand
one recommendation of the minority, they
wish to leave the matter, for a decision, to
President Grant. My first and unanswerable
objection to that is this : if McGarrahan has
a claim let us give it to him here ; vote him up
or vote him down. We have been the most
part of two sessions of Congress looking at
the testimony. We have seen the testimony
which a previous Congress was largely ab-
sorbed in taking. We have hadjurisdiction
of this matter for four years. This House
certainly has had jurisdiction of it for the
last two years. Let us either give him some-
thing that he claims or say that he shall not
have it. I charge that this resolution of the
minority is'a confession on the part of those
gentlemen who advocate it that they cannot
ask this House to pass a bill for the direct
relief of William McGarrahan.
It is the strangest thing to me in the world
this making of President Grant a legislative
tribunal. Instead of our passing a law, aud
he approving it and executing it, we are called
upon to say by the minority that he shall not
only pass the law, but also execute it. Can-
not we who have investigated this whole case
