1871.
the congressional globe.
155
them hk in direct conflict with the purposes and aims
of the Republican party.
" Resolved, That the wealth of the nation should
pay its debt, and bence we are opposed to abolish-
ing the income tax, or taxes upon the luxuries that
wealth only can afford, while we favor the reduc-
tion of all taxes upon tho necessaries of life."
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise merely to ask my
friend, the Senator from New Hampshire who
last spoke, whether he has in mind, go that
lie can state it now, the amount of income tax
paid by his State ?_
Mr. CRAG1N. Full as much as is paid by
Texas.
Mr. CASSEELY. I am willing that Texas
and New Hampshire should settle that between
them; though really, if Texas pays no more
than New Hampshire, it is scarcely worth
talking about.
Mr. CUAGIN. That illustrates just what I
have been saying, that this cry comes simply
from the men who pay this tax—from the
wealthy men. I do not at this moment know
how much my State pays, and I do not care.
I know that I pay my portion. I pay honestly
the tax, and have ever since it was in exist-
ence, and I am willing to do it. I doubt
whether the Senator is.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I do
not desire to detain the Senate by making a
speech ; but as I shall vote for the passage of
this bill to repeal the income tax, X propose
to state very briefly the grounds on which I
shall place my vote.
In the first place, I believe this tax to be
unconstitutional. 1 believe it is a direct tax.
I believe there are but two kinds of taxes in
this country, one direct and the other indi-
rect; and when Congress names the subject
and fixes the assessment, and sends a Federal
oflicer to levy and collect the money, that is,
in constitutional phrase, a direct tax.
I believe, in the next place, that this is the
most, vexatious, and oppressive, and unjust of
all the taxes levied by the Government; and
since we have reduced it to two and a half per
cent., without at all reducing the annoyance
or the expense of collecting it, it seems to me
there is still greater reason for wiping out
this than there was for retaining it at five per
cent. If we are to violate the Constitution,
if we are in such a necessity as to be compelled
to do that, do not let us do it for two and a
half per cent. Talk about ten or-fifteen per
cent., something that will be some compensa-
tion !
Mr. CEAGIN. I am only surprised that
the constitutional lawyers of this body have
not discovered this fact during the last five,
six, or seven years.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am informed by a
fiiend at my side of "the closing words of the
Senator from New Hamshire, which I did
not hear. I am informed that, having stated
that he was willing to pay his taxes, he ex-
pressed his belief that I was not willing to pay
mine. I need not remind the Senator how
unparliamentary, as well as discourteous, that
sort ol language is on his part.
Mr. CEAGIN. I would be glad to repeat
my remark, if the Senator did not hear, and
if it be unparliamentary 1 will withdraw it. I
said that 1 had always paid this tax cheertully
and was willing to do so, but that I had some
doubts whether the Senator from California
was willing, because it might be he did not
believe in the principle, or because he be-
lieved the law was unconstitutional. [Laugh-
ter.] Now, if the Senator desires it, I will
withdraw the remark.
Mr. CASSEELY. After having withdrawn
the point of the remark, 1 do not care whether
the remark remains or not. [Laughter.] I
have this to say to my friend from New Hamp-
shire, as .1 am willing to address him, and I
hope I shall always he able to do so : I have
never known any objection on the part of one
man to the taxes that were paid by another
man, especially where that other really paid
the taxes of both. A man is always in favor
of another man's paying his taxes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roil.
Mr. McCREERY. I am paired with the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] If he
were present, he would vote against the repeal
and I should vote for the repeal of the income
tax.
Mr. .NYE. I have paired with the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr Edmunds.] If he were
here he would vote "nay" and I should vote
" yea " on the passage of this bill.
Mr. WARNER. [ am requested by the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Poor.] to
say that on this question he is paired with the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Robert-
son.] Mr. Robeiitsox would vote for the
repeal and Mr. Pool against it.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 25 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Conkling. Cor-
bett, Fenton, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, McDonald, Osborn, Porn-
eroy, Rice, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Trumbull, Vickers, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Bureman, Brown-
low, Cragin, Hamlin, Harlan, - Howard, Howe,
Howell. Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, "Patterson,
Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stearns, Tipton, "Warner, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Cattell, Chandler, Davis,
Edmunds, Ferry, Gilbert, Harris, Kellogg, Lewis,
McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Kye, Pool,
Revels, Robertson, Ross. Saulsbury, Schurz, and
Thayer—21.
So the bill was passed.
message from tiib house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed a bill (H. E. No.
2417) for the better security of agricultural
college funds, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 874) to reimburse the State
of Kansas for moneys expended forthe United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 10) directing
the Secretary of War to sell Bergen Heights
arsenal; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 240) granting
the right of way to the Pensacola and Barran-
cas Railroad Company through the naval and
military reservations near Pensacola, Florida.
recommendations to 0itic13.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose now the other
bill conies up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 298) to relieve
members of Congress from importunity and
to preserve the independence of the Depart-
ments of the Government, which was informally
passed over to consider this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall be allowed
to have an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn takes precedence. The question is on
that, motion. n  
The motion was agreed to; and (at tour
; o'clock and thirty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. -
Thursday, January 2G, 1871.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Eev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
revision ok new mexican laws.
Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2872) in relation to
the revision of the laws in the Territory of
New Mexico, and publishing the decisions of
the supreme court of said Territory; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
additional representation.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (LI. R. No. 2873)grant-
ing additional representation to certain States ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
income tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a communication
addressed to that committee by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and to move that it
he printed and referred back to the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in order to
ask for the reading of that communication ?
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on the reading.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] that no legislative action can be predi-
cated on referring back the communication.
Mr. RANDALL. Information may be gath-
ered from reading the communication.
The SPEAKER. It would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ALLISON. I must object to the read-
ing of the document.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe it relates to the
income tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It does.
The SPEAKER. It is not usual to detain
the House with the reading of such papers.
The regular order would be seriously delayed
by the reading of communications on which
no legislative action can be had.
Mr. RANDALL. In justice to myself I
will say that I think this should be made an
exception. The communication relates to a
subject which now agitates the public mind
more, perhaps, than any other in relation to
taxation.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my objection
to the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
The communication from the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue was ordered to be printed,
andreferred back to the Committee of Ways and
Means. ^ jasper blackbdkn.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin, by unanimous
consent, reported back trom the Committee of
Elections the petition of W. Jasper Black-
burn, praying compensation as a member of
the Fortieth Congress as a Representative from
Louisiana, and moved that the Committee of
Elections be discharged from the fuither con-
sideration of the memorial, and that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.^
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
0rdered- mary falls.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a hill (H. R. No. 2874) granting a pen-
sion to Mary Falls; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
reconsideration os" references.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider all
references of bills, &e., made this day; and
