1582
THE CONGBESSIOFAL GLOBE.
February 23,
fraud in this matter, and that the fraud was
charged to have been perpetrated by the west-
ern Cherokee nation. I do not think they
ought to be paid for this visit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the next amendment
will be reported.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affiirs was to insert the following at
the end of page 75:
For surveying the country reserved for the Cher-
okee Indians "whenever the Cherokee national
council shall request it," in accordance with the
twentieth article of the treaty concluded July 19,
1866, $225,603.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend it so
that it will simply read "for surveying the
Cherokee country;" not when we can get per-
mission of the Cherokees to make the survey,
when they shall decree that it shall be done,
but that the public land of the United States
shall be surveyed. In every possible way this
terrible question arises, this terrible question
of Indian aristocracy, of Indian controversy,
of barbarous aristocracy. When the United
States can get permission to get a bill through
the legislature of some Indian tribe to survey
some of the public lands, then an appropri-
ation is made to pay for that survey!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada move to strike out the
money clause of the amendment?
Mr. STEWART. No; let the appropriation
go in for surveying.
Mr. HARLAN. On the suggestion of Sen-
ators around me, I will move to modify the
amendment by striking out the sum named and
putting in "$50,000."
Mr. COLE. I think we need some explan-
ation before we shall vote so large a sum as
that, even.
Mr. HARLAN. By the provisions of the
treaty of 1866 the United States agreed to
survey the land belonging to the Cherokee
Indians, their diminished reserve, when they
shall desire to have it surveyed, and the De-
partment has estimated the amount necessary
and sent it in, covering $225,000. I am will-
ing, however, to strike out that amount and
insert "$50,000."
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me it is cer-
tainly premature to provide for a survey now.
If there is such a stipulation in the treaty it
ought never to have gone there; but if it is
there, why appropriate at this time? When
they ask for it the treaty requires us to make
the appropriation. They have not asked for
it, and you say the money shall be used when
they shall ask for it. Why anticipate?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator's argument in
favor of subdividing the Indian lauds and get-
ting the Indians settled on their lands in sev-
eralty has had great influence on the minds of
other members of this body, including my own.
I think it ought to be done, and as an induce-
ment we propose to survey their lands with a
view of getting them settled on to land in
severalty, so as to break up this homogeneous
society against which the Senator has made
so many eloquent speeches.
Mr. STEWART. This is not in the line of
my policy. This is in the line of the ancient
policy, the bad policy. This is in the line of
surveying exterior boundaries for the purpose
of having a lot of speculators induce the Gov-
ernment of the United States to extinguish the
title and move the Indians again.
Mr. HARLAN. No, the honorable Senator
is in error; it is for subdividing land.
Mr. STEWART. Into quarter sections?
Mr. HARLAN. Sections and quarter sec-
tions.
Mr. FOWLER. I want to know whether
the Indians have asked for this or not.
.Mr. HARLAN. I do not think they have.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. But the honorable Senator
will pardon me---—
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HARLAN; It is better to make an
appropriation so that they shall know that this
survey can be made when they agree to. it.
What has been said here has more than a color
of truth. There are always two parties in every
civilized society, and I suppose it is true in
savage communities. There are those among
the Cherokees who are in favor of civilization,
of taking their land in severalty, and settling
down on quarter sections of land, so that every
man shall know what belongs to him. There
are those members of the tribe who are opposed
to subdivision. Of course this controversy is
a sharp one between them. I think it would
be a wise policy to place at the disposition of
the Department a small sum of money so that
these men shall know that if they agree to a
survey it will be made, that they will not be
put down by the less cultivated portion of the
tribe.
Mr. COLE. I will accept the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa, chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STEWART. I want to move the amend-
ment now that I suggested before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be modified by reducing the amount
to $50,000.
Mr. NYE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Iowa, chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, if there is any authority nnder
existing treaties to put these Indians on lands
in severalty, or any provision by which they
can acquire title to their lands in severalty ?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes; there is a pro-
vision in the treaty of 1866 authorizing them
to take their lands in severalty.
Mr. NYE. What are they to do with the
rest?
Mr. HARLAN. There is' provision made
for the sale of the surplus land to other Indians.
Mr. NYE. Exactly. I am opposed to the
whole thing and I intend to vote against it.
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out the
words "whenever the Cherokee national coun-
cil shall request it," in accordance with the
twentieth article of the treaty concluded July
19, 1866. I want to strike that out, and then
you can have an appropriation for the survey.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I would not com-
pel them to submit to have their lands sur-
veyed. I cannot accept the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am forced to say that
I think the proposal of the Senator from Iowa
for the Committee on Indian Affairs is a very
proper and fair one under this treaty, if we
are to preserve faith; for the fifteenth article
of the treaty does provide for this very thing
of separating the lands off into divisions, by
metes and bounds, of one hundred and sixty
acres each, so that each man,woman, and child
of the tribe shall have a right thereto in sev-
eralty. Now, if we provide a small sum at
the disposal of the President as a matter of
administration, so that if these people wish to
become separate homestead holders, which is
precisely what we desire, I think it would be
a wise thing to do, and a small sum of $50,000,
therefore, I would vote for cheerfully to accom-
plish that purpose.
Mr. COLE. Only a word. I think this
money is to be reimbursed from the sales of
the lands under the treaty, but I am not cer-
tain about that.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not.
Mr. STEWART. If we are to make appro-
priations for surveys let us make direct appro-
priations for surveys when the proper applica-
tion comes. If we are to have it, let us wait
until the Indians ask it; and let us see what
conditions they propose. There is no obliga-
tion under the treaty now to do this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know; but it is only to
enable the President of the United States, as
the head of the Administration, through the
proper Department, to carry out the provis-
ions of the treaty if he shall be called upon,
to do so.
Mr. STEWART. "If he shall be called
upon." Let us wait until he is called upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then he will have no
funds to carry it out.
Mr. STEWART. But he will have funds.
We can make the appropriation when the obli-
gation accrues, when they call for it. There
is no obligation under the treaty to do this
thing until they call for it. Now let me tell
my friend from Vermont what this is accord-
ing to analogy. I do not speak so much of
this particular proposition as the general sys-
tem of which this is a specimen. When there
is an Indian reservation there is a general
provision that it shall be surveyed when the
Indians want that done. These provisions, I
am told, are quite common. Then they will
have some land to sell to speculators, and they
will he removed. So there is trading, specu-
lation, in the thing.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no opportunity
for that in this case.
Mr. STEWART. It is laying the founda-
tion for it.
Mr. HARLAN. They can sell the land to
other Indians, and no other persons.
Mr. HOWE. My attention has just been
called to the fifteenth article of the treaty re-
ferred to by the Senator from Vermont, and I
do not understand that it provides or antici-
pates any subdivision of any of these Cherokee
lands. The article declares that "the United
States may settle any civilized Indians friendly
to the Cherokees or the adjacent tribes, with-
in the Cherokee country on unoccupied lands
east of 96° on such terms as may be agreed
on," &c.; and then it provides that "should
any such tribe thus settling in said country
decide to preserve their tribal organization
and to maintain their tribal laws, customs, and
usages, not inconsistent with the constitution
and laws of the Cherokee nation, they shall
havo a district of country set off for their use
by metes and bounds equal to one hundred
and sixty acres, if they should so decide, for
each man, woman, and child of said tribe."
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, I will refer him to article twenty
of the same treaty.
Mr. HOWE. That is a different matter.
That undoubtedly does contemplate just what
is claimed by this amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear that.
Mr. HOWE. "Whenever the Cherokee
national council shall request it, the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause the country reserved
for the Cherokees to be surveyed and allotted
among them at the expense of the United
St&t68 "
Mr. STEWART. They have not asked it
at all; and I should like to know what the
mode of allotment is going to be ; whether it
is all to be allotted to one man, or whether the
rest are to have a portion of the land.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many times have
you spoken on this question?
Mr. STEWART. I have not spoken twice
yet on this particular question. 1 should like
to know what the mode of allotment will be,
and the necessity for it. The time has not
arrived for this yet. It seems to me it is urging
money out of the Treasury unnecessarily. Let
us wait until the time comes when they do re-
quest it. If this country is going to be held
sacred to savages, sacred to barbarism ; if we
are going to have a Chinese wall around it, it
seems to me we should not be climbing that
Chinese wall any oftener than possible and
pouring money in there that is not asked for.
Here is the case of money not asked for under
a treaty, not due under a treaty, where no
possible civilization can grow from it, because
if it is made nobody can go there and civil-
ize them. It is for Indians altogether. They
have not asked for it. It is jast to give a job
to somebody to go there and get money; and
that is all there is of it. I move to lay it on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
