1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
which the whole public domain will go into
the hands of others, in contravention of the
fixed policy of the homestead law, while the
soldier will be excluded from any benefit.
There is another provision of this bill, Mr.
Speaker, that is peculiar. The third section
provides that "in case of the death of any
person who would be entitled to a homestead
under the provisions of the first section of
this act his widow, if unmarried, or in case
of her death or marriage, then his minor
orphan children, shall be entitled to all the
benefits enumerated in this act." Now, how
are minor children to get any right of home-
stead under the act of 1862? The law of 1862
is explicit, that the party applying for the bene-
fits of that act imtst be twenty-one years of age.
This House, I know, has passed a bill, which
I myself reported from the Committee on the
Public Lands, allowing minor children above
sixteen years of age to take the benefits of the
homestead act. But that bill has been entirely
ignored by the Senate; and there is no propo-
sition in this bill to modify the homestead act
ill that particular. But here is a clumsy pro-
vision, that the minor children of a deceased
soldier shall have the rights conferred by this
bill. If that right is to bg conferred, it should
have pointed out and defined the manner of
proceeding, so as to make it possible to do
what we intend.
The bill further provides that maimed or
disabled soldiers who are on the pension-rolls
of the Government may settle upon the lands
of the Government by an agent. In the first
place, these maimed and invalid soldiers may
hold the land for twelve months without set-
tling on it at all under the first section of this
act, and then they may settle on it by an agent
if they do not assign their certificate. Now,
the policy of allowing settlements on the pub-
lic lands, under the homestead law, to be
made by an agent would prove to be a policy
of fraud and of evasion, out of which the sol-
dier would obtain little or no benefit, a.nd in
virtue of which the whole spirit and policy of
our laws would be defied.
Let me inquire, furthermore, how many
soldiers we now have on the pension-rolls of
the Government? I have here a letter fro
the Commissioner of Pensions, which I read,
as follows:
Bkpaetmext op the Interior,
I'evsiox Office, "Washington", B.C.,
January 2b, lbil.
Sir • In reply to your request, herewith returned,
I have the honor to state that the number of pen-
sioners on the rolls June 3D. 1870, were as follows:
Army invalids   ;• ••• • 86,187
Army widows, children, dependent rela-
tires,  10?-552
Navy invalids  v"": V"
Navy widows, children, dependent rela-
tives, Arc      l.oio
Total   198.686
The above numbers include pensions under all the
acts prior to 3861, ns woll as subsequent.
The records of this office are not arranged to snow
the number of pensioners under each act, save m the
case ol Army widows, &c. Of these tllJr?sf1re„nn°17
on the roll's, under acts prior to March 4, ISM, 40W,
leaving 107.539 pensioners of this class 01 the late
W As an estimate, I would submit that of the 198,688
pensioners of all classes and acts now upon the rolls
at least 194,000 are pensioners by the late war.
I have the honor tQ be, very respectiully, your
obedient servant, ^ yAN AERXAMi
Commissioner.
lion. Gkoeqe W. Julian, House of Representatives.
It will be seen that we have oil the pension-
rolls about one hundred and ninety-four thou-
sand names. Multiply that number by one
hundred and sixty, the quantity of acres granted
to each soldier, anditwill makethirty-oue mil-
lion and forty thousand acres, being more land
than the Government can survey in three years
to come. So that the soldiers on the pension-
rolls atone would totalty absorb every acre ot
the public land available under the homestead
law, and totally revolutionize the land policy
of the Government, not for the benefit ot the
soldier, but of outsideis wh© Voulu secure
his certificate; for the price of the certificate
would be a pitiful trifle, as any one will see
who remembers the low price T)f land war-
rants, even before the homestead law gave
every mau a home at a cost of some ten or
twelve dollars.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will my colleague [Mr.
Julian] yield to m'e for a question?
Mr. JULIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. VOORHEES. How much of the pub-
lic land did the gentleman say the soldiers on
our pension-roll would absorb ?
Mr. JULIAN. Some thirty-one million
acres, at one hundred and sixty acres each.
Mr. VOORHEES. That is not as much
as we have granted to a single railroad corpor-
ation.
Mr. JULIAN. I agree with my colleague
in that; and when he makes that point upon
me he gets hold of " the wrong passengw."
I am opposed as much as he is, and I think a
great deal more, to these great monopolies
which we have been conferring upon railroad
corporations. I oppose the monopoly of the
public land either in that form or under
the specious pretense of military bounties to
soldiers.
' Mr. VOORHEES. I am perfectly aware
of theposition of my colleague on this ques-
tion ; I appreciate and honor it. My sugges-
tion was not made with any desire to make a
point on the gentleman, but rather to support
the position he is maintaining.
Mr. JULIAN. I am glad so to understand
my colleague. I hope, therefore, that, con-
curring in my general views, he will unite with
me in voting for the amendment which I have
offered, which will put an end to these mis-
chiefs under the name of military bounty-land
warrants, and allow the soldier, like everybody
else, to have the land on the condition of settle-
ment, discriminating in his favor, however, by
allowing his term of service to be computed
as a part of the term of occupancy necessary
to secure his title to the land. ,
Mr. VOORHEES. I expect to vote to give
the disabled soldier such quantity of land as
an able-bodied man may now obtain by actual
settlement. One-armed and one-legged sol-
diers cannot go and make settlement upon
lands. There is only one way in which this
unfortunate class can obtain the benefit of this
policy, and that is to give them the land with-
out requiring actual settlement, letting them
make tlie best use of it they can. I do not
sympathize with the idea that they can be
cheated any more readily than any other class
of persons. They can take care ot their own
interests. They can sell their warrants, if they
choose to do so, and make use of the money.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, if the pen-
sioners are in & necessitous condition? (and I
admit that many of them are, and are worthy
of additional relief,) I am ready to vote, as 1
hope my colleague is,, to increase the amount
of their pensions. I am ready to vote for a
general increase in the amount of soldiers
pensions. I am also in favor of paying and
equalizing the bounties of, our soldiers m
money, graded in amount according to the
service rendered. This is what I proposed to
do in the first bill on that subject ever
duced into either branch of Congress, a bill
repeatedly passed by this House and as often
ignored by the Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IIOLMAN. I now yield fifteen min-
utes to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
StocghtojM , ,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the gentleman
from Michigan proceeds, I desire to indicate
the amendment which I wish to offer to the
text of the original bill. Jt is to insert after
the word "Government," m line six, these
words: ,. Jt  
Tnr>1iir]in«* the troops mustered into the service ot
"HmfpifStates by virtue of the third section of
nn act on* tied - An act making appropriations for
defenses of; Washmstoru and lor
other purposes, approved lebruaiy 16, loo—
I presume there will be no objection to this
amendment; and I desire to offer the same
amendment to the substitute of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holjian.] It is merely
explanatory.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, the pro-
vision contained in the twenty-fifth section of
the act of July 15,1870, authorizing honorably
discharged soldiers to enter one hundred and
sixty acres of reserved railroad lands instead
of eighty acres, neither met the expectations
of the public nor the reasonable demands of
the soldiers. Scarcely one in ten thousand
could take advantage of it. It would seem
to be a plain matter of justice that Congress
should adopt some uniform measure in which
all can participate.
The bill reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs meets this requirement. It au-
thorizes every honorably discharged soldier to
enter one hundred and sixty acres of any land
subject to homestead settlement, with the fol-
lowing additional provisions:
1. He is to have one year after entry in which
to commence his settlement and improvement.
2. The time he actually served, not exceed-
ing three years, is to be deducted from the
time necessary to perfect title.
3. He may assign his certificate to any other
person entitled under the laws of the United
States to enter a homestead, but neither the
assignor or assignee can afterward avail him-
self of the benefits of the homestead law.
It will be observed that the provisions of
this bill are in strict conformity with the policy
of the Government, to dispose ot the public
lands only forthe purpose of actual settlement
and cultivation. Title can be acquired in 110
other way; and if it be true that the public lands
would be rapidly absorbed, they would be set-
tled in the same proportion. There is good
reason to believe that the passage of this bill
would give a desirable impetus to western emi-
gration. If instead of twenty-four thousand
farms per year twice that number should be
settled, the public would have no reason to
complain. This bill takes away the rights of
no one who would otherwise be likely to settle
upon the public lands. Its only effect would
be to encourage the settlement of those who
from their life and experience in the Army, are
best able to endure the hardships of frontier
life and defend themselves from Indian aggres-
sion. The provision giving the settler one year
after the entry to commence his improvement
will greatly benefit the settler without material
injury to the public. These lands are unsettled
now, and are likely to be for years to come if
this bill does not pass.
If the settlement is actually made within a
year's time, the design of the law will be
practically accomplished. If they are not so
settled, the entry would be void, and _ the
Government would be in no worse condition.
Besides, sir, if this provision were struck out
it would destroy the value of the right, to
assign. It would be unreasonable to com-
pel the soldier actually to move upon the
land in order to get the right to assignthe
certificate. If the right of assignment is given
at all, it ought to be conferred^ without a use-
less expense and trouble. It is, of course, a
modification of the homestead law, but so also
is the provision allowing the term of service,
to apply in lessening the time otherwise re-
quired to perfect title; both are, however, of
temporary duration, and limited to a class or
men whom you propose to reward for valuable
services. This bill ought to pass without
change or amendment. It takes no money
out of the Treasury, it costs the Government
nothing. The bill to equalize soldiers boun-
ties will probably fa'il in the Senate. 'An
unconditional bounty bill, like that passed hv
Congress after the Mexican war, would open
the public lands to barter and speculation,
without settlement; but this bill confers a
substantial benefit upon the defenders of the
nation, and at die same time preserves the
