150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
[February 11,
Ho. of Reps.
Schools for the District—Mr. Prosser.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
in the District to discover from any or all of
the reports which I have been able to obtain
how many children are now receiving instruc-
tion in its public and private schools. Not
only so, but these reports and an investiga-
tion of the facts will convince any one that on
the part of the trustees who have had the man-
agement of these schools, there has been a
painful and cruel neglect of the rights, inter-
ests, comfort, and education of thousands of
the poor children of the District, whose pov-
erty makes them friendless, but who are, never-
theless, entitled to be educated; and a display
of imbecility and mismanagement which is in
the highest degree reprehensible.
The leport of the trustees of the city of
"Washington, to which I have alluded, tells
tis, on page 32, that the percentage of average
daily attendance as compared with the whole
number on the roll was 92.1 per cent , and
yet on page 69 we are told that, the whole
number enrolled was 10,759, and that the aver-
age number in daily attendance is 5,418, which
is but a fraction more than fifty'per cent, of
the whole number on the rolls. Nor does the
number 10,759 express the true number en-
rolled. because many of them are readmitted
perhaps three or four times in the course of a
year. But we have no means of ascertaining
the precise number of children actually on the
rolls. Estimates of the number of children
are given from six to seventeen years of age;
but this fails t.0 give the scholastic population,
■because there are in many of the schools chil-
dren under six and over seventeen years of
.age.
The actual number of children in the Dis-
trict for whom school facilities are required is
42,799, or the number between five and twenty
years of age ; but I am unable to find that
there are accommodations in the entire Dis-
trict for more than thirty-three per cent, of
that number. The report of the colored trust-
ees tells us that there are about. 5,000 colored
children in Washington alone not connected
with any school. How many there are in the
District we have no means of ascertaining.
Another painful feature about this matter is
the fact that four fifths of all the children in
the public schools in the District of Columbia
do not attend school four years, and that about
one half attend only two years. In this city
five sixths, or, to be precise. 4,624 out of 5,888,
do not go beyond the primary and secondary"
grades.
A striking evidence of the mismanagement
of those who now have charge of these schools
is seen in the fact that the cost of educating
one fifth of the children in the higher grades
is about twice as much per pupil as that of
four fifths of those in the lower grades. The
425 pupils iu the eight grammar schools cost
for tuition alone about thirty nine dollars and
six cents per pupil peranniim, while the 3,001
pupils of the primary schools cost $12 29 per
pupil per annum, and the 4,624 pupils in the
lower grades cost $13 24 per pupil per annum.
But this speqies of disregard for the inter-
ests of the masses of the children of the Dis-
trict is still more evident in the character
of the buildings provided for school purposes.
The report of the Washington trustees tells
us, with an air ol complacency and self satis-
faction, that—
"A comparison of the ratio of the value of our
school property to the actual valuation of taxable
real and personal estate, with thecorrespondingra,tio
in other places, will show that in proportion to its
xocans Washington has made as extensive invest-
ments in educ-ttional stock as places tha,t are more
renowned tor their lavish expenditures."
But that report does not tell us that the same
amount of money was never before, or any-
where else, expended with so little discretion
or with so little regard for the wants of the com-
.munity. The sum of $230,000 was expended
'in putting up a flashy and expensive structure
whose accommodations in no manner or de-
gree correspond with the cost of the building.
The same amount of money judiciously ex-
pended would have erected a good, substan-
tial building in every ward of the city of Wash-
ington, that would each of them accommodate
as many pupils as can now be taken into the
Franklin School. Yet, to complete that one
building, a large number of schools must be
continued in small, dingy, and unhealthy
rooms, in unwholesome localities, in the stable
of an ex-President, in the loft of a livery stable,
or in rooms equally unpleasant and deleterious
to the constitutions of the large number of
children who have no better means of obtain-
ing an education.
The same report tells us that one district—
" Comprising the two central wards, with a popu-
lation of more than thirty-four thousand, and a tax-
able property exceeding in value twenty-three mil-
lion dollars—more than thirty-soven per cent, of
the entire valuation of the city—owns for its thirty-
two schools but five rooms, and has but $18,000 in-
vested in school buildings and lands; and the land
on which two of them stand it holds as a tenant by
sufferance, liable at any moment to be served with
notice to quit. But one building has been erected
especially for school purposes, and that at a cost of
$2,000."
I will venture to say, Mr. Speaker, that a
parallel case, showing such an utter and total
disregard of the interests of education cannot
be found in the limits of the United States.
But this is not the only instance of injudicious,
not to say wicked, neglect of the provident care
which should be exercised by those who are in-
trusted with the educational interests of the
District. 1 quote as follows from the report
of the superintendent of the colored schools.
Speaking of the buildings provided for colored
children, he says:
"Of these school buildings not belonging to the
trustees, it may be said that, with the exception of
the first-named, not one is fit to be used for the pur-
pose, except under the most urgent necessity; and
this necessity should be removed at the earliest
possible day by the erection of suitable buildings.
"Of tho school buildings belonging to the trustees,
it is equally true that while a portion ot them will
serve in a tolerable manner their purpose for somo
years to come, there is notonc that in respect to con-
venience, health fulness, or general adaptation, to say
nothing of elegance of structure, is worthy of the
present time or ci editable to the capital of an enlight-
ened nation. In regard to mostof them, however, it
may be said by way of apology that they were erected
to meet a pressing emergency at a time when small
means \veiv at command for tho purpose. But this
cannot be urged in behalf of the one most recently
erected, and the only one making any pretensions to
architectural effect. I refer to the* Stevens school
building in Twenty-lirst street west, erected in the
latter part of 1868. It seems exceedingly unfortunate
that so large and costly a structure should have been
marred by so sad a lack of adaptation to its purpose
as is here displayed. Not only is it placed in a loca-
tion utterly unfit on several accounts forsuch a build-
ing, but it is destitute of any proper means of venti-
lation and ot heating, in consequence of which its
hundreds of pupils are continually exposed to dis-
comfort and disease; besides which its school-rooms
can only bo rcachcd over long flights of uncovered
stairs, unrelieved even by landings, on the outsideof
the building, the daily passage of which by crowds
of yuuug children is atteuded with constant danger
to life and limb. The purpose of this mal-construc-
tion undoubtedly was to iiccommodatconthefirstand
most valuable floor a hall, which appears to have
been chictly intended, and hitherto mainly used,for
other than school purposes. I cannot characterize
in too strong terms so flagrant a misuse of funds which
should have been sacredly devoted to providing the
best possible facilities for the education of youth.
The remodeling of this building so as to provide for
general heating, ventilation, more commodious en-
trances, and the use of all its parts for school pur-
poses, should be effected at the earliest practicable
day.
"The need of additional school buildings of a
creditable character, not only to replace the poor-
est of the structuresnow in use, but to accommodate
the nearly six thousand children for whom no
school-room of any ltind has yet been provided,
cannot be set forth too strongly. The fact that
such an army of children, of the one class alone
who are under your special care, to which is to be
added a more than equally numerous army of the
children of whites, is glowing up here, in the very
capital of the Republic, in illiteracy and unfitness
for the duties ot American citizenship, is an alarm-
ing one, in which the people of our whole country
have an interest, and which should be urged upon
the immediate and effective attention of Congress.
The equally patent fact that the sources of revenue
for school purposes thus far provided in this District
are wholly in adequate to the need, and should be
supplemented, either by such aid as Congress has
already granted to many of the States and Territo-
ries of the Union, or in somo other efficient way,
should also, in my judgment, be urged upon that
body until favorable action is secured."
Mr. Speaker, I only refer to these matters
to show the immediate and pressing necessity
for some change for the better in the manage-
ment of the educational interests of this Dis-
trict. They are too important and too pre-
cious to be continued longer in the hands of
imbecility or incompetence or selfishness, or
whatever may be the cause of the inefficiency
or inadequate character of the schools of this
District. We need, and the children of this
District are entitled to have, opportunities for
obtaining at least the rudiments of educa-
tion. It is the positive duty of Congress to see
that these children are not made the victims
of neglect, poor accommodations, inefficient
teachers, or of trustees unworthy of the public
confidence. The citizens of the District, who
pay the taxes to support the schools, havea
right to be protected in the administration of
the funds collected for school purposes.
For the wretched and unhealthy tenements
dignified by the name of school-rooms the
city of Washington is paying $19,000 per
annum, a sum sufficient to pay the interest on
an amount of money amply large enough to
supply the wants of the city with comfortable
school-houses. A slight examination will con-
vince any reasonable man that with judicious
management and a proper regard for the in-
terests of all the children of the District, the
poor as well as the rich, ample accommoda-
tions might long ago have been provided for a
mucli larger number of teachers and scholars
than are now to be found in these public
schools; yet I am informed that the stupen-
dous folly that squandered almost a quarter of
a million dollars upon the Franklin building
is about to be repeated on a small scale by the
trustees of the colored schools in the first ward,
by an addition of $40,000 worth of school
property to the $40,000 already invested there;
while the seventh ward, with as many children,
having but $17,000 worth of similar property,
is neglected; and this is to be done because
one of the trustees happens to live in the first
ward.
Another illustration of the loose manner of
doing business here is to be seen in the fact
that the treasurer of the board of colored trus-
tees, through whose hands are passing some
eighty or one hundred thousand dollars per
annum, is required to give no bond or security
whatever for the faithful performance of so
important a trust, and is not responsible to
any one, as far as I can learn, for the correct
disbursement, of moneys placed in his care.
Another feature about the management of
the schools of this District which is somewhat
surprising is the fact that no normal school
for the preparation of teachers has been pro-
vided. Good teachers are indispensable to
good schools. An efficient teacher, who un-
derstands how to communicate intelligence to
youthful minds, will accomplish more in three
months than a poor one will in a year. Yet
for the large number of teachers employed in
this District no normal schools, or indeed
means of any kind, are supplied to furnish the
training indispensably necessary to successful
teaching. Many excellent teachers are em-
ployed who discharge their duties honestly
and faithfully; but there are others sadly ill
need, at least, of professional training.
But, Mr. Speaker, I repeat again that I only
refer to these matters to show the necessity of
a change in the management of the schools in
this District. Congress is alone responsible
for the defects now existing in the legislation
relating not only to the schools but the other
interests belonging to the seat of Government.
