1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1585
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be too much.
That is more than is asked.
Mr. HARLAN. I would not want that. It
might not cost so much and it might cost more.
We want this wort done right.
Mr. COLE. If the distance to be surveyed
is but three hundred miles, this is eighty dol-
lars a roils.
Mr. STEWART. And the eastern bound-
ary of Nevada has recently been surveyed for
fifteen dollars a mile.
Mr, HARLAN. How long was that line ?
Mr. STEWART. About four or five hun-
dred miles.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; then I will
accept the honorable Senator's suggestion and
agree to strike out "$25,000" and insert
"$15,000."
Mr. SAWYER. Is it absolutely certain that
it is necessary to rerun this line at all ? Is
there not a bare possibility that the purpose
of having it surveyed is to bring some Indian
improvements into the State of Kansas which
do not belong there ?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no ; it is for the pur-
pose of enabling the Indians to know when
they are on their own lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection, the amendment, as modified,
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I object to it. As it is
merely to mark a line between the State of
Kansas on the one side and the Indian terri-
tory on the^ other, I think they ought to pay
for it themselves. Ten dollars a mile would
be an enormous amount to pay for that work.
Mr. HARLAN. What the honorable Sen-
ator says would be true if it were subdividing
townships into sections ; eight or ten dollars
a mile would be too much for that. I have
surveyed such lines myself for $3 25 a mile :
but establishing a direct line running off into
the country, the honorable Senator will per-
ceive, is a very different thing. You must
have a team to keep up with you all the way
through.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand the survey
has been made.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been made, but the
monuments have been obliterated.
Mr. FO WLER. Then the great labor of the
service is all completed, and we want nothing
now but to find the line and to mark it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt the honor-
able Senator is a better surveyor than I am ;
but I would prefer to establish a line de novo
than to find an old one.
Mr. FOWLER. I think this is an enormous
appropriation for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Tennessee insist on his objection to
the amendment as modified?
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment,
as modified, will be regarded as agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following:
For the support of industrial and other schools
among the Indian tribes, not otherwise provided for,
to be expended under the direction ot the Secretary
of the Interior, $100,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr. Harlan. ) With-
draw that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. This is an amendment for
schools, and I am almost sure the honorable
Senator from Vermont will not ask me to
withdraw it. We appropriated $100,000 last
year for the maintenance of schools among
"Indians not otherwise provided for,5' and
the Department have entered upon that work
in good faith, and I have no doubt it will
result in great good, and this is tor the same
amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not quite do.
We do not know how much money was spent
last year for this purpose, and in every one of
these appropriations for Indian tribes we have
41st Cong. 3dSess.—No. 100.
provided for school-houses and school-teach-
ers, and therefore for schools, unless you are
going to pay the children for going, in almost
every one of them.
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All of those with whom
we have treaty stipulations require us to ap-
propriate, and we do appropriate, for gehool-
houses and school-teachers, and also for books
I believe.
Mr. COLE. And stationery.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And stationery. What
more there is about schools, unless we are to
pay the children for going, I do not know. I
think, therefore, my friend from Iowa ought
not to insist on this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I will take the judgment
of the Senate. But if we refuse to make this
appropriation what will it result in ? Last year
we appropriated $100,000 to establish schools
and support them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let as see how that is.
Mr. HARLAN. I think we did. This year
we refuse the appropriation and the schools
are broken up; and the Indians go home again
and return to their old habits.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator from
Iowa if he has any report of the schools estab-
lished with that $100,000?
Mr. HARLAN. No ; I have not. I have
conversed with the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs on the subject.
Mr. HOWE. It will not hurt much to break
up schools that have not been heard from.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will couple with it a repeal of the appropria-
tion in the law of last year I shall not say a
single word. If we are to go back on the
policy we have adopted let us know it.
Mr. HOWE. I asked the Senator last night
if we had adopted the policy of charging upon
the national Treasury the expense of educating
these Indian children, and the Senator said
we had not.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the honorable
Senator to make his question much broader :
whether we proposed to support the Indians
from the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. No; the education and the
civilization of these Indians. That was the
question I put to the Senator; and I under-
stood him to say we had not. I did not know
that we had.
Mr. HARLAN. We have not. In many
cases they are provided for out of their own
money, the proceeds of the sale of their own
lands. But in many other cases they have no
such provision. They are very poor people:
they cannot establish schools for themselves,
and will not; and if we undertake to aid them
in their civilization, it seems to me we ought
not to withhold the money necessary to estab-
lish schools among them. _
Mr. HOWE. If we are going to establisn
schools among those with whom we have no
treaty stipulations I think the sum should be
not only large enough to provide the houses
and instruction, and the pay of children for
going, but also to provide for catching the
children who are roaming over these unknowu
domains, and not on any reservation what-
ever.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs whether this sum is to provide for
schools that have been established, and are
not provided for in other parts of the bill?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; it is for schools not
provided for in any other way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where, I should like- to
1v"mT/tHURMAN. I should like to have a
little information on this subject. First, we
have certain appropriations that are made _m
pursuance of treaty, and we have appropria-
tions for schools, which are paid out ot the
proceeds of the lands of Indians and the pio*
ceeds of the moneys of the Indians. I hen
there are in this bill appropriations not pro-
vided for in any treaty at all, as I remarked to
the Senate yesterday, amounting to nearly a
third of a million; and in each one of them
there is a provision for educating children. I
find here one thing that strikes me as strange.
On page 6 of the bill there is this appropria-
tion :
Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans:
For this amount, to be expendedin such goods, pro-
visions, and other articles as the President may from
time to time, determine, including insurance and
transportation thereof, in instructing in agricultural
andmechanicalpursuits, in'providing employes, edu-
cating children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said Indians,
and in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, $40,000.
That, as the Senate see, includes that little
band of Indians called the Gros Ventres.
Now, on page 28 of the bill, there is an appro-
priation for these Gros Ventres, in precisely
the same language, of S35,000. Here are two
appropriations for the same band of Indians
in precisely the same language, word for word
and letter for letter. On page 6, it is true, the
Arickarees and Mandans are included, and
then, in precisely the same words, these Gros
Ventres are provided for on page 28 of the
bill, being two provisions in precisely the
same words for them, and each of them, in-
cluding the education of their children. Those
are only specimens. There are eight or nine,
perhaps more, appropriations of the same char-
acter in precisely the same words, and appro-
priations for which there is no treaty at all,
not founded on any treaty. Now comes this
amendment:
For the support of industrial and other schools
among the Indian tribes not otherwise provided for,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, $100,000.
I should like to know specifically what tribes
these are, where they are, and who_ they are.
It is said we made sucli an appropriation last
year. If we did, what account have we had
of its expenditure? Senators cannot be ex-
pected to read all the reports, and every one
of them inform himself on this subject. It is
the business of the committee having the sub-
ject in charge, and especially the chairman
of that committee, to study these matters and
to inform the Senate. Now, I should like to
know what band of Indians it is that is " not
otherwise provided for," and that comes within
this appropriation ? How many of them are
there ? Where are they ? What schools have
been erected among them ? We are absolutely
voting in the dark. We know nothing at all
about them, and unless the chairman of the
committee will give us this information, which
he of course must possess or he would not
move the amendment, I for one cannot vote
for the appropriation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not suppose it
is possible to designate every appropriation
that should be made for the support of two
hundred and seventy-five thousand Indians.
We can designate certain tribes, and say that
we shall appropriate a certain sum for their
education or civilization; but it would be very
surprising if, among the many tribes, there
should not come up in the course of a year a
tribe or a band who had not been provided for
by this bill This appropriation of $100,000
is set aside precisely to meet that emergency.
I should say it was something like this: if the
Senator was going on a journey to Europe, he
could not to-day sit down and make a memo-
randum of what he would spend at each place
at which he should stop; he would want to
take more money with him than he could de-
fine in any such way; he would need a surplus
in order to meet any necessity that might aiise.
Just such a surplus is needed, in my judgment,
for this service, and it is in this provision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Connecticut if he can tell us what
has become of the $100,000 which it is said
was appropriated last year for this purpose,
and how much of it has been spent?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I know not. I have
