1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Trust Funds—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. oi? Reps.
We should long ago have provided not only
the machinery but a portion of the means re-
quired to educate the children of Washington
and its vicinity. It is said that twenty-eight
per cent, of the children of this city are the
children of employes of the Government, who
pay but little or no taxes, and yet they are
taught in the public schools. Probably the
percentage of Government property in ^ the
District is much greater; at all events it is
plain that the Government should pay a por-
tion of the school expenses of the District.
The war brought to this city large numbers of
people, who are in poverty, but whose chil-
dren are craving for the education they are
entitled to receive at the hands of those who
control the future destinies of the country.
Donations of land or money for school pur-
poses have been made to every State in the
Union, but none to the District of Columbia,
where something of the kind is so much need-
ed, and where Congress has direct and abso-
lute control of that and all its other interests.
The census returns exhibit the lamentable fact
that there are in this District 23,732 persons
over ten years of age who cannot read, and
38,732 who cannot write, and thus there are
between the ages of ten and twenty, inclusive,
6,025 persons who can neither read nor write,
and who will probably never learn. This
surely is not a flattering exhibit for the cap-
ital of the nation. It is hard to believe that
the tiny and delicate hands and hearts and
brains of the children of the District, who
must shortly exercise so much influence in
the control of its affairs, should have been SO
much neglected and overlooked by those who
manage its interests.
Between the want of attention on the part
of Congress, and the incapacity or bad man-
agement of school trustees, there are thou-
sands of children growing up in ignorance in
the District of Columbia, where we should
have the finest schools in the country. In
addition to these, there are thousands more
whose education is of the slightest and most
superficial character because of the stringent
rules adopted, or for some other reason which
operates to prevent their attendance for more
than a comparatively short time. For these
and other arguments I might mention I hope
this bill will be enacted into a law, that we
may have approved school facilities, and more
judicious arrangements in regard to these edu-
cational interests. The people of this District
can only look to Congress for appropriate legis-
lation, and I, for one, am in favor of affording
them better facilities than they have had here-
tofore for the education of their children.
Trust Funds.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LA WHENCE,
os ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1871,
On the bill(H. R. No.28S)in relation to trust funds.
Mr. LAWRENCE." Mr. Speaker, I desire
to call the attention of the House to a meas-
ure of some importance which has not yet
been considered in either branch of Congress.
On the 18th March, 1867, I introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 55) "to authorize the deposit
of trust funds in the Treasury ot the United
States," which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, but for want of time was
never finally acted on.
On the 29th March, 1869,1 introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 286) "in relation to trust funds,"
which was referred to the Committee on Revis-
ion of the Laws. It was by that committee
reported to the House, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and it is now
before that committee. This bill covers the
object of the first, and it alone is now to be
considered by the committee.
At this late period in this session of Con-
gress there is no time fully to discuss this bill.
I will therefore only present in brief some of
the reasons in its favor, and then leave it to
the judgment of the committee having it in
charge.
If passed into a law it effects many valuable
results:
1. It would bring into the Treasury many
millions of dollars annually, at a low rate of
interest, and thus enable the Government to
pay off a portion of the public debt bearing a
larger rate of interest.
2. It would thus enable Congress to reduce
national taxation, which now bears heavily on
the industry of the country.
3. It would enable the Government to pay
off a large amount of national bonds now held
in Europe, and thus retain in this country
large sums in gold now annually exported to
pay interest.
4. It would thus hasten a return to the
resumption of specie payments.
5. It would furnish to individual citizens,
corporations, officers, guardians, and trustees
a safe means of investing money on a mod-
erate profit which would otherwise be idle.
6. At some periods of each year capital
accumulates immensely in New York, the
great money center of this country, and then
at other periods it is withdrawn, depending
on the demand or want of demand for money
through the country. This encourages unnat-
ural and ruinous speculation at some periods
in New York, followed by depression and fluc-
tuation in values, resulting in loss and ruin.
This bill would mitigate these fluctuations in
values, and in the rate of interest on money,
and give stability to trade and commerce.
7. It would enable parents and others to
make provision upon trusts for children, which
would be safe, and thus avoid the uncertainty
and insecurity attendingthe execution of trusts
and provisions created by last will. Vexatious
litigation and the waste of means would thus be
avoided, and the interests and happiness of the
helpless, the needy, and others would be pro-
moted.
8. It would prevent the loss and robbery
of bonds held by the Government in. trust for
Indian tribes and otherwise.
9. It would promote industry and economy,,
and thus add to the morals and health of the
people by furnishing an inducement to deposit
their earnings with the Government^ some of
which might otherwise be squandered in a mode
resulting in extravagance if not vice. And
in due time the system proposed in the bill
could be enlarged, as in England, to supply
the place of savings-banks, more valuable and
useful than life insurance.
I submit to the House the bill I have re-
ferred to, and some other matter in support
of its provisions, all of which I hope may be
useful in considering the bill.
A bill to authorize the deposit of trust funds in the
Treasury of the United States.
Be it enacted, bv the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States shall be and is authorized to receive
and pay into the Treasury of the Unitea States any
money, bonds, or stocks of the CmtedStates under
or by virtue of any order, decree, or judgment ot
any court, subject to any trust specified in such
order, decree, or judgment, and to be paid to any
person lawfully entitled thereto, with interest at
three per cent, per annum; but if any such money,
bonds, or stocks shall remain unclaimed lor twenty
years alter any person entitled thereto shall have
arrived at the agcof majority, tbetitle theretoshall
vest in the United States absolutely, relieved from
any tru?tor adverse claim. All costs, expenses, fees,
and charges of executing any trust or of determin-
ing the application of any trust fund shall be
paid out of such fund, and the courts of the United
States shall have jurisdiction to determine all ques-
tions arising under or relating to any trust fund
created in pursuance of this act.
A bill in relation to trust funds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Mepveeentct*
ti-oea of the United Stated of America in Conor ess assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States shall be and is authorized, with the
approval of the Attorney General, to receive and
pay into the Treasury of the United States, subject
to any trust created by any person, firm, corpora-
tion, officer, court. State, or authority whatever, any
money, bonds, or stocks of the United States to be
delivered or applied with the proceeds and profits
thereof, according to the terms of the trust; and on
such money, bonds, and stocks the United States
shall pay or account for interest at a rate not ex-
ceeding four per cent, yearly. And all money paid
into the Treasury under this act shall be applied by
the Secretary of the Treasury in paying the bonds,
stocks, or public debt of the United States. All
costs, expenses, fees, and charges of executing any
trust, or of determining the application of any trust
fund, shall be paid out of such fund; and the courts
of the United States shall have jurisdiction to de-
termine all questions arising under or relating to
any trust created in pursuance of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any officer or agent of the United States may have
money of the United States in his hands which, in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, may
not be required to be applied to the public use for a
year, or which may be reimbursed from the Treas-
ury when necessary for the use designated by law,
he may require such money to be^ paid into tho
Treasury, and may use the same in paying any
bonds, stocks, or other indebtedness of the United
States, and he may, when necessary, relund such
money to the officer or agentfrom whom he received
the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in any trust
that may^hereafter be created by a law of Congress,
or otherwise, in which the United States, or any
officcr or officers of or under tho Government of the
United States, shall be named as trustee or trustees,
the money shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States; and the Treasurer of the United
States shall thereupon issue the usual certificates of
deposit therefor in triplicate; the original of said
certificates shall be deposited in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the duplicate in the office
of the Kegister of the Treasury, and the triplicate
shall be delivered to the party who shall make such
deposit. On the filing of the original certificate the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury shall state
an account, and a wairant shall thereupon issue to
cover the amount of the money so received ana
certified into the Treasury. A certificate acknowl-
edging the indebtedness of the United States for the
proper amount shall then issue from the office of the
Register of the Treasury to the party in interest,
setting forth the facts that the amount stands to the
credit of the trust for which it was deposited, the
rate of interest payable thereon, and the time and.
place when and where the interest is made pay-
able. The rate of interest to be paid on such deposit,
if not fixed by law, shall be settled between the
party in interest and the Secretary of the Treasury;
but it shall in no case exceed four per cent, per
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and em-
powered to sell any of the stocks that he may now
or that he muy hereafter hold, for or on account of
any trustfund, whenever hemay deem it for the best
interest of the trust and of the United States; and
to deposit the money realized therefrom, or any
other money that he may now or hereafter hold in
trust for any corporation or person, nation. State,
or institution, or for any Departmentof the Govern-
ment, in the &aoie manner as is provided form the
third section of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That whenever
it shall become desirable or necessary for the United
States to relinquish or pay any trust fund, or any
part thereof, except the accrued interest thereon,
which shall be paid as the interest on stocks is now
paid, tho payment shall be made by sta-ting an ac-
count, by the proper accounting officers ol the Ireas-
ury, therefor and by a warrant, in the usual modo
and lorm, in favor of the party entitled to receive
the money on the same. t
Sec. And be it further enacted. That the interest
that may at any time fall due on any trust funds
shall be paid on demand, to the party entitled to
receive the same, out of any moneys m the Zreasury
not otherwise appropriated.
This subject is illustrated somewhat by House
Executive Document No. 59, second session
Fortieth Congress, beingletterandreport of the
Attorney General upon the condition of the
Indian trust funds.
General Spinner, the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, in his annual report of August 31,
1867. in referring to the stocks on deposit m
his office and trust funds, says :
"But why all this machinery of stocks and stock
investments of any kind'?. Why not treat these
trusts as permanent annuities, and pay the parties
for whose benefit the trusts are tho same amounts
that they would realize from the dividends on the
stocks annually, by a clause for the purpose m a
pr"ln Marelf'llsLsOon after I came in charge of
