1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
not been here as long as the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and an
intelligent member, who looks deeply into these
things. We did appropriate last year $100,000
for this purpose. We have no evidence in a
report of the Secretary of the Interior or any
other officer of the Government that any of it
has been used, and the Secretary of the Inte-
riordoes not recommend or estimate for any
such appropriation.' In that view of the case
it seems to me we had better let it stand on
last year's appropriation and not make a fresh
one.
Mr. HARLAN. Only a small part of the
appropriation has been expended, not to ex-
ceed $10,000; and if I were quite sure that the
balance of the appropriation would not be
covered into the Treasury under operation of
law at the end of the fiscal year, I would not
ask for this appropriation. They have taken
(he necessary steps to establish these schools,
have made contracts in some cases, made
arrangements for the erection of school-houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, will my friend tell
ns why was it not estimated for?
Mr. HARLAN. It was not estimated for
originally. This idea of appropriating money
for Indians with whom we have no treaty rela-
tions originated in Congress, originated in the
Senate of the United States; itisthe offspring
of the brain of the American Senate, and the
Department is attempting to carry it into effect.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Tuubman] asked a question which was an-
swered in part by my honorable friend, the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Bucking-
ham ;] but I will observe, in addition to what
he said, that there are about thirty-five or forty
thousand Indians in Arizona with whom we
have no treaties whatever; there area large
number in New Mexico with whom we have
no treaties. We have treaties with one tribe
in New Mexico, the Navajoes, and not with
the others. I believe we have no treaties with
Indians in California.
Mr. COLE. Not any.
Mr. HAKLAN. The honorable Senator
says not any. That I think is so. We have
treaties with one or two, possibly three, tribes
in Oregon and Washington. The other tribes
with whom we are in intercourse, and whom
we are aiding by appropriations, are not in
treaty relations with the United States; and
so it is with a large number of other tribes
in Idaho, Montana, Dakota, and Utah. Now,
this amendment is for the purpose of enabling
the Department to start schools among these
people wherever they may find a favorable
opportunity for doing so. If we were in treaty
relations with all these Indians, and had pro-
vided by treaty for the establishment of schools,
of course this appropriation would be useless;
and, as I before observed, if the law did not
require all unexpended balances to be covered
into the Treasury at the end of the fiscal year,
on the 30th of June next, I should not ask for
this appropriation at all. But a small part of
the appropriation of $100,000 made last year
may be expended up to that time—I judge not
more than twenty or thirty thousand dollars,
and there would be enough to carry the De-
partment through the year I have no doubt.
But if they were to apply only twenty or thirty
thousand dollars the residue would be co.vered
into the Treasury, as I think, under the oper-
ation of law, on the 80th of June.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Iowa to modify this
amendment so as to provide that the unex-
pended balance of appropriation of last year
shall be applied to the service of the Depart-
ment for the next year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope he will not do
that, because it would violate the most import-
ant provision of the law of last year. I should
much prefer to give him the whole of this
$100,000, rather than undertake to transfer
balances. Whatever the Senator insists upon
for this purpose, let him insist upon it now.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I will modify the
amendment, and ask for $-50,000.
The VICE PRESIDE NT. The Senator from
Iowa reduces the appropriation in the amend-
ment to $50,000.
Mr, FOWLER. I am very willing to vote
any amount necessary to support schools that
have been provided for, or where the Depart-
ment have a definite idea of establishing schools,
or have made arrangements for establishing
them; but I am not willing to make provision
for some contingency that may possibly hap-
pen, or provide for expenses that may possible
be incurred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment, as modified, making an
appropriation of $50,000.
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to protest
against that. It is throwing away $50,000;
and we do not know where it is going. I am
glad that the Senate is beginning to take a
little notice of these appropriations, in regard
to which nobody knows where they are going.
I move to lay this amendment on the table
until we find out where these schools are to
Ka octoKlianon
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves that this amendment do lie
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 73, after line sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-three, to insert the
following item:
' For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to the parties entitled 'thereto the
balances due the creditors of the Upper and Lower
bands of Sioux Indians, on account of supplies fur-
nished said Indians prior to the 3d day of Decem-
ber, 1860, $65,812 47. or so much thereof as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may find to be justly due after
an examination of the various items thereof.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendmen
is covered by the same ruling as the previous
amendments which have been held to be pri-
vate claims.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine that amendment
does not fall under the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota will state the reasons why he does
not think it falls under the rule.
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, sir, there is a pro-
vision made by the treaty with these Indians
for the payment of indebtedness, and the
appropriation is estimated for by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and has had the favorable
recommendation of three or four Secretaries
of the Interior. I should think that a suffi-
cient reason for putting it on this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. It is an individual claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the same claim that
has been ruled out every session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This appears to
be a claim ten years old, arising in 1860. The
Chair thinks if it was in accordance with
treaty it should have been paid before this.
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, sir, then there is a
greater reason for paying it now. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ That would be
excellent logic in support of a bill to pay the
claim as a private bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This same thing, in
another form, wa^ ruled out at the last ses-
sion and the session before.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not aware that it was
ever before ruled out. The Senator is mis-
taken in his recollection.
Mr. CONKLING. It is ruled out now, and
there is no appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is a private claim, a private claim of ten
years' standing, a very excellent one, perhaps,
to be incorporated in a private bill, but not on
a general appropriation bill, under the thirtieth
rule. The Secretary will report the next
amendment.
The next amendment of the Committee, on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following clause:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may t a
necessary to pay the expenses of an inquiry or in-
vestigation in regard to the oecnpancy, by lease or
otherwise, of the Indian lands at Salamanca, New
York, and other points upon the Allegany reserva-
tion, New York, by the white people, the appoint-
ment of one or more commissioners by the President
of the United States, $1,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay that amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I presume the honorable
Senator will allow me one minute to explain it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is fair; I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fenton,] who is not
now in his seat, was very anxious to have this
appropriation made, stating that there was a
great necessity for it on account of the diffi-
culties now existing between the Indians in
his State and the white people. That is all I
remember of his explanation, but I remember
that he convinced the committee that it was a
proper thing to be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that this amendment lie upon
the fable.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa desire to press the next amend-
ment, making provisions for the Kaskaskias?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir, that is necessary.
It will, however, take no money out of the
Treasuryin the proper sense of that term. It
is for distribution of money belonging to these
Indians, the Kaskaskias and affiliated bands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert on page 73, after line seventeen
hundred and ninety-three, the following :
For this amount, to be deducted from any money
or funds in theTreasury of the United States belong-
ing to the Kaskaskias. to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, as provided
in the treaty of 1868, 512,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the language of the
clause ought to be modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa to read to us that article in
the treaty (and I will hand the book of treaties
to him to save time) upon which he rests that
appropriation.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know that there
is anything compulsory about it. I have not
read the treaty recently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I read it just now., and I
cannot find any such thing.
Mr. HARLAN. But it is asked for by the
Department, These Indians have been re-
cently removed down into the Indian territory
and have commenced improving land that
they have bought there of the Cherokees, I
think, or one of the tribes formerly occupying
that country. They have paid for the land
with their own money and settled down on it.
They have money in the Treasury, a part of
which they wish now to take out and apply in
the improvement of their lands. That is all
there is in it. They ask for $12,000 of their
own money to be applied in improving the
land that they have settled upon with in the
last year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not what the
amendment says. There is the objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it does say it sub
stantially.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not seem
o state exactly what it is for.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is only taking money
belonging to the Indians themselves, and there
cannot be any objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the amendment be
passed over for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As we do not know any-
thing about it, I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator will not
