1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
do that. I have asked to have it passed over
for a moment. The honorable Senator does
not want to prevent these Indians from using
their own money in the best way possible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "In the best way pos-
sible;" certainly not
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
■will be passed over. The next amendment is
in regard to the expenses of a delegation of
. eastern Cherokees visiting Washington city.
Mr. COLE. That has been acted upon. It
was considered awhile ago on motion.
Mr. HARLAN. That came in hereby some
inadvertence. I do not ask action on that.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 73, after line
seventeen hundred and ninety-three, to insert
"for deficiency incurred in taking census and
paying annuities to the eastern Cherokees,
$4,298 10."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
that that should be put in the deficiency bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. I will follow
the honorable Senator's advice, and withdraw
the amendment,
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 73, after line seven-
teen hundred and ninety-three, to insert*the
following:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay for expenses incurred and supplies
furnished for the Indian service in Montana Ter-
ritory, under the direction of Hon. James Tufts,
while acting Governor and ex officio superintendent
of Indian affairs, from the 10th of Jane,1868, to the
1st of July, 1369, S2.M3 50.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the point that
that is plainly on the face of it a private
claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order; and the Chair desires
to state now to the Senator from Minnesota
that at the lastsession of the Senate he exam-
ined the schedule in regard to all these private
claims, and -ruled in all that he could con-
scientiously under the thirtieth rule. It is
within the recollection of the Senate that he
went over them in detail, and suggested sev-
eral that came within the rule and could be
adopted by the Senate, and they were allowed,
if his recollection is correct, and the others
were ruled out.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Secretory of the Interior to
pay for expenses incurred in the Indian service at
the Tulalip agency, in Washington Territory, under
the late sub-agent, H. C. Hale, in 18G8 and 1809,
87,553 44."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That appears to be an
amendment of exactly the same character with
the last.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This appears also
to be a private claim.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 75, line eighteen
hundred and twenty-four, after the word
" funds" to insert '-heretofore and to be here-
after incurred and in line eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-five, to strike out the words
"twenty-one hundred" and insert "three
thousandso as to make the clause read "for
contingent expenses of trust funds heretofore
and to be hereafter incurred, $3,000."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought not to be
agreed to. We ought not to make up that
deficiency in this bill. This is a bill provid-
ing for the next fiscal year.
Mr. HARLAN. Let me explain that in a
word or two. The Government is holding
bonds belonging to the Indians amounting in
the aggregate, 1 think, to something over three
million dollars. They are in the custody of
the Secretary of the Interior. The interest is
aceraing on those bonds from year to year.
Most of them are State bonds. Some of them
are bonds of municipal corporations, 1 believe;
but the most of these bonds are State bonds.
The interest has to be collected, and in the
collection of the interest on these funds, of
course expenses are incurred, and the Secre-
tary asks for this amount to cover these ex-
penses for the coming year and for the residue
of the present year. I hope the honorable
Senator will permit this to come in; it is very
important, although small in amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment, which is to
insert additional sections proposed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs after line eight-
een hundred and twenty-seven, before section
two of the printed bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (toMr. Harlan.) Oh, do
not push those sections.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not press them if
there is serious objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my honorable
friend to withdraw the rest of these sections.
They are legislation which properly belongs
to his committee, to be reported as separate
bills ; but let us finish tho appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us see what they are
first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the last section of this list is obvi-
ously a private claim, in regard to the settle-
ment of the accounts of H. B. Denman, late
superintendent of Indian affairs, for public
moneys stolen from him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the rest is regu-
lations for Indian affairs that ought to be
reported as separate bills. I hope the Sena-
tor will withdraw them, and let us pass the
bill and go home.
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to withdraw
the first section, which is in the nature of legis-
lation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The last one the Chair
rules out as a private claim, as it plainly is.
Therefore let us drop them all, and pass the
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us see. There is more
than one section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one
amendment reserved by the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. HARLAN. There are two others that
I think not ruled out, and cannot be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are they?
Mr. HARLAN. One is that any Indian
tribe desiring to change their location may
contract to unite with any other tribe or tribes,
or for the purchase of lands for a new settle-
ment and location, upon such terms and at
such prices as may be agreed upon by tke par-
ties interested, subject to the approval of the
President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is legislation.
Mr. HARLAN. I think we ought to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And so you ought to
have all the rest; but not on this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. We ought to get it on this
bill. The honorable Senator ought not to
apply to me a rule that applies to nobody else.
Mr. STEWART. There is a section next
to the last which I think ought not to be put
on. It changes our relations with the Indians
altogether. It involves the discussion of the
question that my amendment did. Let me
read it to the Senate:
Any Indian tribe desiring to change their loca-
tion may contract to unite with any other tribe or
tribes, or for the purchase of lands for a new settle-
mentand location, upon such terms and at such prices
as may bo agreed upon by the parties interested,
subject to the approval of the President.
It has been said, I suppose in jest, that the
Indians had a fee-simple in these lajids; but
everybody knew that was not so. T-hey sim-
ply have their tribal jurisdiction over the land,
and it is called in some of the treatiesa fee;
but it has not got any of the elements of a fee;
it has not* anything that is necessary to make
a fee. There' is a prohibition against their
selling it at all. Until this Indian territory
is opened to settlement, and some decent sys-
tem devised whereby there shall be a disposi-
tion of their lands without general plunder, I
am against action. I do not propose even to
set the Indians to plundering each other. I
move to lay all the rest of the amendments on
the table. They are legislative matters.
Mr. HARLAN. I appeal to my honorable
friend from Nevada not to do that. There
are some of these amendments that ought to
be acted on; and since we have refused to
take a recess, and it is not very late yet—it is
only a little after six o'clock—let me have a fair
show on two or three of these amendments.
Although they are in the nature of legislation,
the honorable Senator will remember that
some of the most important legislation of this
country has been put on appropriation bills.
Mr. STEWART. I know it.
Mr. HARLAN. The law authorizing col-
ored men to testify was put into an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CONKLING. We ought not to put
legislation on this bill at this time of day with-
out a quorum.
Mr. HARLAN. I have now found the modi-
fication of the amendment in relation to the
Kaskaskias, Peorias, and Piankeshaws, which
I think is not subject to the question raised
by the honorable Senator from Vermont. I
hope it will be agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada withdraw his motion to lay
on the table until the Kaskaskia amendment,
which was reserved, can be offered by the
Senator from Iowa in a modified form ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes; anything that is
reasonable.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the amendment in
this form :
For this amount, to be deducted from any money
or funds in the Treasury of the United States be-
longing to the Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, and Pian-
keshaw Indians, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, as provided
in the treaty of February 23,1867, $12,000, to assist
said Indians in establishing themselves at their new
homes.
xMr. HOWE. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Iowa what he thinks would be
the effect of a mere act of Congress appropri-
ating funds which we hold in trust under
treaty stipulations.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is nothing
in the treaty prohibiting this.
Mr. HOWE. But does sot the treaty re-
quire us to hold these funds and to appropriate
the income from them in a particular way ?
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; but I think
there is nothing of that kind in the treaty.
Still, if the honorable Senator thinks there is,
I will modify it and say " when said Indians
shall agree thereto."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. HARLAN. I am informed now that
the treaty provides that whenever these In-
dians shall ask for it it shall be paid over to
them, and they have made the request.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator say that the
treaty so provides ?
Mr. HARLAN. The treaty so provides.
Mr. HOWE. I am content with that ex-
planation if that is so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Now I move to lay all
the other amendments on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to lay on the table the remaining
amendments proposed by the Committee on
Indian Affairs involving legislation.
Mr. HARLAN. I appeal to my honorable
friend from Nevada to withdraw that motion
for a moment, until one amendment can be
read, and I will make a bargain with him that
I will offer none other to-night.
Mr. STEWART. I will hear it read, of
course. , . ,
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to have the judg-
ment of the Senate on the amendment to be
found on page 19 of the printed amendments
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
