1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. oj? Reps,
worked at all, it is possible $1,000,000,000 might be
invested in five years. The chief value of this plan
•would be in taking that immense amount from the
active markets, and therefore reducing the basis of
speculation and **margin'' loans, which are at this
tery timot in New York and in many other places,
working great injury to the commercial community.
The immense mass of active capical now employed
in Government securities is one of the great evils of
the country. .
It is too large in proportion to the whole capital
of the country. If, therefore, we could absorb half
of it, with a capital which from its nature must be
inactive, we shall do something toward abating the
evil. "We do not know bow far the power of Con-
gress in this matter may go. The powers to " regu-
late commerce," "borrow money," &c., have been
made to cover more doubtful points than this, and
we may safely leave the question to the discussion
of the able lawyers now in Congress. Our own plan
of payingthe debtis so simple that the great finan-
ciers who appear in newspapers and pamphlets
scarcely think it worthy of notice. It is exactly that
which Grant's administration is pursuing. It is to
collect the revenue hqnestly enough to have a sur-
plus: with that surplus to pay the debt as fast as
possible, and to pay it honestly in what the laws of
the United States have defined, and the commercial
world recognizes, to be money. This is simple. It
is old-tashioned, but it commends itself by one con-
sideration, that it is the only thing we can do and be
honest.
If John Smith owes a certain sum of money, and
has a certain income, can you tell me, oh, reader I
in what way he is to pay that debt, except out of his
income? Washington, Hamilton. Jefferson, and
Jackson could find no otherway. We donotsay that
we are obliged to follow these old precedents. We
do not say that in these days of driving the Bible
out of the schools we are not wiser than our fathers,
nay, than our fathers, with David and Solomon to
boot; but we do say that the solemn admonitions
of history are worth looking at before we leap.
When we see what awful convulsions have occurred
from trifling with public credit, when we see how
nobly our fathers stood up to their responsibilities
in the most trying time this country ever had, why
should not we, with our immense and multiplied
resources, preserve, in all its purity and integrity,
the unsullied honor of our country? We believe
that the policy ofGrant's administration is approved
by a great majority of the American people, that it
will be fully sustained by Congress, and that no one
need feel in the least alarmed that the Government
will not as fully sustain the national integrity as if
Washington was President, or Hamilton Secretary
of the Treasury.
What the Governmentcan do and ought to do, and
what the Secretary of the Treasury no doubt has in
his mind to do, is to reduce the rate of interest. The
course of the British Government in this respect
was honest as well as wise and prudent. It was
when, in times of abundant money, the rate of in-
terest was lowered, the fund holders had the altern-
ative of being paid off or accepting bonds at a lower
rate. But the banks and capitalists know very well
that a Government bond, even at the lowest rate of
interest, is the best and most available security.
Hence tbey are always willing to take the bond at
lower in teres t rather than be paid off. Our five per
cent, bonds are now at 107, with gold at 127. It is
probable that a four and onehalf percent, gold bond
can be negotiated at an early day. and a five per
cent, certainly can. But in doing this the Govern-
ment ought to reserve, as it has heretofore done, the
right of redemption, so that it can avail itself, at
any time, of the markets to lower the rate of in-
terest.
The plan proposed by "J. H. P." certainly has
merits, if it can be accomplished. It is a much better
form in which to put a large portion of the debt,
and in no way affects the perfect integrity of the
Government. We hope Judge Lawrence will press
his bill, and the discussion bring out any objections
there may be to it, and whether thearnountof funds
to be invested in such deposits is really of sufficient
importance to justify the measure.
E. D. M.
No. 319 Fourth Street, November 12,1869.
[From the proceedings of Congress.]
House of Representatives,
Tuesday, July 14,1868.
prize cases in florida.
Mr. Dawes. I desire the House to consider at the
present time a Senate bill now on the Speaker's
table,to which there will be not the slightest objec-
tion, and which it is very important should be passed.
I will state in a word what it is, and if there is the
slightest objection I will not urge it. The United
States marshal at Key West, James C. Clapp, died
in an insane asylum. It Was found after his death
that he was a defaulter to the Government. The
Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary of the Navy
have settled with his representatives, and theyhave
deposited $116,000 to adjust that settlement in a bank
in the city ot New York. JBut they find that there
must be a distribution of this money, and there is no
law regulating the distribution, so that they cannot
close it up without the passage of this act. Conse-
quently this money has been held in a bank for two
years, and nobody has had any benefit of it except
the bank. This bill is to dispose of that money ac-
cording to the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury and Secretary of the Navy. There can
be no objection to it.
The bill (S. No. 486) to facilitate the settlement of
certain prize cases in the southern district of Florida
was accordingly taken up, and passed.
Claim of McGarrahan.
SPEECH OF HON. S. W. KELLOGG,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1871.
The House having under consideration the report
of the Judiciary Committee on the memorial of
William McGarrahan—
Mr. KELLOGG said:
Mr. Speaker: I had not expected at this
stage of the discussion to be called upon to
say anything in regard to this report; but as
there is some time left of the hour of the gen-
tleman from Maine, and as older members can
use the remaining hours more profitably, I will
occupy the time 1 have in giving the reasons
why, as a lawyer, acting in the capacity of a
judge, as a member of the Judiciary Commit-
tee of this House, I have been able to come
to no other conclusion than that arrived at by
the majority of the committee.
With all deference and all due respect to the
members of the committee who dissent from
the views of the majority, I have been able to
find nothing in the evidence before the commit-
tee that can justify any other decision. The
case was heard at great length by the commit-
tee. The foundation of the claim is an alleged
grant made to one Vicente P. Gomez under
the laws of Mexico in 1844. Gomez waited
nine years before he made any claim whatever
to have his grant confirmed to him. There is
no pretense that he ever took any possession,
or attempted to take any possession, under
his grant. It was not like the Fremont case,
in 17 Howard, the Mariposa case; for in that
case the party * could not get possession when
he attempted it, owing to the presence of hos-
tile Indians upon the grant itself or its con-
fines. The Mariposa grant was a complete
record grant. But McGarrahan and his asso-
ciates are forced to admit that this Gomez
grant was never a completed grant; it was
what is called under the Mexican law an
incomplete expediente.
If it had been a completed grant under the
Mexican law, it was valid against the United
States after the cession of the territory under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It was a
case of lost papers entirely, without any pos-
session whatever, or attempt even to take pos-
session, to raise a presumption of a grant.
There had been nothing for years after the
close of the Mexican war to prevent his taking
possession. Gomez, without any possession to
give him a color or presumption of title, claim-
ing that he never had complete papers, and
that part of what he had were lost, attempted
to prove a grant by his own and other parol
testimony; and though the land commission
did not know these characters, they rejected
the claim. But it was found afterward that
Gomez and these very witnesses used by him
were professional liars and perjurers, making
it a business to swear through false land claims.
The proof of it is found in the records of the
highest courts in the land. Gomez himself
afterward swore it was a false and baseless
claim, and that whatever papers he had to
show an incomplete grant even were forged.
It has been charged that Gomez was hired
to swear away this grant after he had sold it.
There was no proof of any such thing before
the committee ; but the parol evidence of a
man who would swear in open court that he
had committed both forgery and perjury, and
show the court how he did it, is a very poor
title deed to real estate, without a shadow or
claim of possession to give an appearance or
color of title. Why, the minority of the com-
mittee do not venture to affirm anywhere
in their report that this was a valid grant to
Gomez; they simply rely upon the technical
ground " that the board of land commission-
ers find that Gomez had given satisfactory
proof of the existence and loss of the giant."
But the board of land commissioners had no
knowledge of the character of Gomez and his
witnesses, as it appears ; but the courts after-
ward find that the whole thing was a fraud
from the beginaing, and Gomez confessed the
perjury and the crime.
Let us see now what was referred to the
committee in this investigation. The memo-
rial referred to the committee is the memorial
of William McGarrahan, praying that the title
to this land may be awarded to him upon the
payment within twelve months of $1 25 per
acre. Now, if he has a valid Mexican grant,
and that grant is confirmed to him under the
laws and treaties of the United States, why
does he come here asking for the privilege of
paying $1 25 an acre to secure this land? Why
does he offer to pay this money into the Treas-
ury of the.United States, if, as he claims, he
has a valid title to the property ? Sir, he con-
fesses away his claim to a valid grant by the
very terms of his memorial. It is not the
usual coarse for claimants against the United
'States or any other party to offer in the first
instance to pay for what already belongs to
them. McGarrahan ask3 for the passage of a
bill providing as follows :
That the tract of land known as the Panochct
Grande rancho in the State of California, granted
by Governor Manuel Micheltorena, in the State of
California, A. J). 1844, and by sairl Gomez conveyed
to William McGarrahan on the 22d day of Decem-
ber, 1857, surveyed by the United States surveyor
general for California, and approved by him Sep-
tember 11,1862, and which survey is now on file in
the General Land Office, bp, and the same is in all
respects hereby, fully confirmed to said William
McGarrahan, upon this condition, however : that
the said McGarrahan shall, within twelve months
after the passage of this act, pay into the Treasury
of the United States the sum of $1 25 per acre for
the land embraced in the said survey.
But in the next place we say that the grant
has never been confirmed to him upon the
appeal from the board of land commissioners.
As the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters}
who has opened the case has gone fully into
that matter, I will simply allude to the fact
that this very report of the minority of the
committee shows that the decree upon which
he bases his claim here, the decree of the dis- •
trict court of California, was founded entirely
in fraud. The minority report shows that the
only appearance there was in the case for the
United States was by this Pacificus Ord, who
had a deed of half the property; and the attor-
neys who appeared on record for the appel-
lants testify that they never were so employed
and knew nothing about it. Mr. Sloan makes
affidavit that his name was used without his
authority. Here you have an exhibition of a
district attorney for 'the State of California,
who owns two leagues out of the three or four
of this very land, appearing and saying to the
court that there is no objection to the confirm-
ation of that title on the part of the United
States, and fraudulently procuring the names
of other attorneys to be entered for the claim-
ant, when he is the claimant's attorney and
joint owner in the property.
These facts have been proved in the courts
of the United States, and are found recited at
length in the case of United States vs. Gomez,
23 Howard:
" Mr. Ord was originally the attorney of Gomez
before tile board of land commissioners, and filed
his petition there as such on the Uth February,
