1H
APPENDIX TO THE ;GOKGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Kellogg.
41st Cong. ...3d Sess.
He was not then district p.t'orney. bnt he became so
on the 1st of July, 1854, before the land commission-
ers decided the ease against his client. Alter his
appointment, a.rid after an order hnfJ been obtained
at his instance to remove the cause from the north-
ern district of California to the southern, of which
he was tie disti iet attorney, and whilothe cause was
pending in the latter, he took from Gomez, for the
nominal consideration of one dollar, a transfer to
himself forone half of the land in controversy, 'ihis
Mr. Ord admiu in his affidavit, presented to this
aourt by counsel. The conveyance to lum bears date
on the 24thof November, 1856. It was acknowledged
on tho same day by Gomez_, before a notary public
of the county ol San Francisco, and was, at the re-
quest of Mr. Ord, recorded in the county of Merced,
on the 26th November, 1857; was also filed for record
in tho county of Fresno on March26,1858, and again
recorded by Mr. Ord in Monterey county the3d May,
1S58. A copy of that conveyance is now before us.
Tneso dates show that no record of the conveyance
to him was made until after thejilaim had been
confirmed by tho district judge, upon his represent-
ation that, as district attorney, there was no objec-
tion to its confirmation ; in other words, that he
thought the claim a valid claim, a,nd was within
the rulings of th'S court in other claims of the same
kind."
The minority report, on page 4, setsout the
record of this fraudulent proceeding in court
as follows:
"On the5th of June, 1857, tho said United States
district court for tho southern district of California
made tho following order in the case:
" Now on this day, this cause coming on^ to be
heaid, the parties appearing by their respective at-
torneys, tho appellant by Sloan & Ilartman, esqs.,
and the appellees by P. Ord, United States district
attorney, and, after argument by counsel aforesaid,
the same is submitted to the court for filial adjudi-
^"'whereupou the court, being fully advised in the
premises, delivered its opinion,confirmingthe claim
of tho appellant to theoxtent called forin tho tran-
script and papers ; three leagues or sition de gra^nda
mayor, and a decree was ordered to be entered up in
conformity to said opinion."
Sir, such a decree as that is no decree and
no confirmation of title, for it was a fraud and
a villainy practiced upon the court, and so the
Supreme Court of the United States have given
their unanimous decision. No decree was
entered up at the time. McGarrahan bought
into this fraudulent lawsuit, on the '22d day
of December following. No decree had then
been entered up in tho ease. He bought into
this lawsuit, knowing that Ord, the district
attorney, owned two leagues of it; for Ord,
who had withheld his deed from record until
he had procured the fraudulent decision from
the district court June 5, 1857, had put his
deed upon record on the November following.
In about two weeks after McGarrahan buys
in, on the 7th of January, 1858, a decree nunc
pro tunc is filed in the case, seven months after
the decision procured by the fraud of Ord; and
four weeks later, February 5, 1858, another
decree nunc pro tunc is entered up in the
case, covering another league of land. Nunc
protunc decrees of this sort might run on for
eternity rather than time.
I may say in passing that it is a suspicious
circumstance that the original petition to the
Governor for the grant was for three leagues
of land. The first decree in the district court
of California was for only three leagues. The
petition to the laud commissioners was for four
leagues of land, and the second decree was
for four leagues. The boundaries have been
changed to reach and cover the mining prop-
erty if possible ; but the boundaries on the
north and west are fixed and definite in all the
descriptions.
These are two boundaries well known and
definite ; and the two others, one consisting
of a range of hills hundreds of miles long,
and the other of a valley, are equally indefinite.
According to the testimony, and the map made
by the surveyor general of California, the land
which is intended to be located over this mine
must be from sixteen to twenty-five miles dis-
tant from it. The pretended grant calls for
farming lands, for agricultural purposes only,
and excluding minerals. Tho quicksilver
mining tract is located away from the fann-
ing lands and up the mountains twenty-five
hundred or three thousand feet high, where
there are no farming lands. Mr. Evarts
before the committee illustrated it very well
by supposing one had a deed of a thousand
acres, bounded on the north by the land of
Mr. Jones and on the east by that of Mr.
Smith, and on the other sides by the Connec-
ticut valley and the range of Green mount-
ains ; and under that description it was found
that the land of Mr. Jones and Mr. Smith
was up in Vermont, and the grantee should
attempt then to locate the thousand acres
down in the neighborhood of Northampton
or Hartford. [Laughter.]
In this matter of boundaries they say they
have the right to locate anywhere within the
exterior bounds. But unless you are gov-
erned by the two fixed and definite bounds
in the description, you have no bounds at all.
It reminds me of what Rufus Choate said in
a case about the disputed boundary of Mas-
chusetts and Rhode Island, which my friend
from Massachusetts will remember. He said,
in speaking of the Rhode Island boundary,
if I remember it, that it might as well be
bounded on the north by a blue jay, on the
east by a swarm of bees, south or west by
three hundred foxes, with fire-brands tied to
their tails. [Laughter.] Because of the indefi-
nite boundaries in this cage, it is contended
that this man McGarrahan can go anywhere,
and if that is so, the Rhode Island boundary,
as old pleaders used to say, was "certainty to
a certain intent in every particular" in com-
parison with this description. The land in
the decree is bounded southerly by the hills,
northerly by the lands of Julian Ursua, east-
erly by the valley of the Tulare, westerly by
the lands of Don Francisco Arias, (see case
McGarrahan vs. Maxwell et al., 28 Cal., page
75.) The pretended grant to Gomez Congress
is asked to confirm to McGarrahan by sanc-
tioning the Dyer-Beale survey.
McGarrahan, in a letter to Commissioner
Wilson, dated April 19, 1865, on page 82 of
Executive Document No. 48, part three, sends
a map of the boundaries of the ranchoPanoche
Grande, as made by Dyer, in which the bound-
aries are as follows: north by lands of Julian
Ursua, west by the lands of Francisco Arias,
east by the Tulare valley, and on the south by
the river known as the San Benito or Santa
Anna. Yet he says this map is made in accord-
ance with the petition and maps in the Gomez
grant! Why, he has to make an India-rubber
boundary in this direction, and stretch it over
the hills, and over the mountains, and reach a
river on the other side, in order to embrace the
mining property in the mountains that others
had before discovered and made valuable.
But, sir, after the substantial close of the
hearing of McGarrahan's petition, anew dodge
was attempted, when it was found that the
committee would not report in his favor. It
was claimed a patent had already been signed
by President Lincoln, dated March 14, 1863.
Such a patent was on the record, and anybody
could have seen it the last seven years. It
was never in fact signed or delivered. The
reason why it was not is found in the following
correspondence, on file in the Department.
Mark especially the dates of the letters:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, March 13,1863.
Sir: The Attorney General has notified this De-
partment that he intends to have the case of the
land claim of Vicente P. Gomez, known as the
Panoche Grande, brought before the Supreme Court
of the United States for review, for the purpose of
testing the validity of the grant.
Under those circumstances you will suspend the
execution and delivery of a patent, -under the decis-
ion of this Department of the 4th instant, until fur-
ther advised in the case by the Secretary.
I am, sir, very respectfully,yourobedicntservant,
"W. T. OTXO, Acting Secretary.
Commissioner General Land Office.
• Department of the Interior,
Washington, March 14,1863.
Sib- I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 12th instant, requesting me to
forbid the issuing of a patent for the tract of land
in California called Panoche Grande, claimed by
Vicente P. Gomez, and to inform you that, in ac-
cordance with your desire, I have directed the Com-
missioner of tho General Land Office to suspend tho
issuing of a patent until further advised on the sub-
ject.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. T. OTTO, Acting Secretary,
Hon. Edward Bates,
Attorney General of the United State#.
If that patent had been signed two letters
must first have been written, one to the Pres-
ident and one to the recorder of the Land
Office; and both letters must have been re-
corded in a book kept for that purpose before
the patent was transmitted for signature. All
the members of the committee will agree that
this was proved at the time to have been the
custom or invariable practice in the Land
Office. No letter to the President can be found.
The letters to the recorder from January to
June, 1863, are said to have been stolen while
this case was before the committee. But, sir,
the record-book upon which both these letters
must have been recorded, by invariable cus-
tom, before they were sent, is there, unrouti-
lated, untorn, and unharmed ; and every page
of that record-book remains for all to examine,
showing that no letter for the Panoche Grande
patent was sent to the President or recorder
in March, 1863, or at any other time, and con-
sequently that no patent was ever transmitted
to either of them for signature.
It is said that the recorder's letters from
January 1 to June, 1863, have all been stolen
from his locked drawer during the progress of
this case; in fact, since the 1st of January
last, and during the last days of the hearing
on the side issues before the committee. If
such a letter as the one accompanying this
patent had been sent, the person whose inter-
est it was to conceal it would naturally steal
that letter only. But if a person interested
the other way should want to get up an im-
pression that such a letter had been sent and
afterward stolen, he would probably steal the
whole batch and then claim there was such a
letter there, but the same had been stolen.
Yet the record-book, where these letters must
have been recorded before they were sent,
after the patent was prepared, has not been
corrupted, and it proves conclusively that no
such letters were ever sent, and by a necessary
consequence, from the usage of the Depart-
ment at that time, that no patent was ever
signed by President Lincoln, March, 1872.
From the commencement of the hearing the
friends of McGarrahan have enveloped the com-
mittee, as with clouds, with all sorts of charges
of fraud and rascality upon the courts. The
highest and purest judicial officers in the land,
the Attorneys General in a line for the last
twelve years, including such men as Black,
Stanton, and Edward Bates, the living and
the dead, have been alike subject to their
remorseless and scandalous charges; no char-
acter so high as to escape their vilification, no
man living or dead so pure, who has stood in
their way, as to,avoid their charges of infamy
and corruption. Of course it would follow
that all sorts of charges might be expected
against the officers in the Interior Department
when the patent did not issue.
"Why, they claimed they had got the whole
Land Office in the "nine holes" when they
undertook to show that the last leaf of the
patent had been taken off, and a fraudulent
one, not signed, put in its stead, and that the
patent had been taken apart, and there were
nine holes in all the other leaves and only five
in the last. Well, the whole matter was ex-
plained by the fact that the patent had been
taken apart by the Public Printer, who had it
