1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That whenever
satisfactory evidence shall be presented to the Pres-
ident of the United States that one of the following
Indian tribes, namely, the Sacs and Foxes of the
Missouri, the Iowas, the Ottoes, the Omahas, or the
Pawnees, or a majority of tbe members of such tribes,
desire to disposeof their lands, or any portion thereof,
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized,"
under the direction of the President, to cause such
lands to be surveyed, if necessary, and tbe same to
be appraised by three competent persons; one of
them shall be the agent of the tribe to whom the lands
belong: and after the survey and appraisement of
said lands, as herein provided, the Secretary of the
Interior is authorized to Sell the same, in tracts not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres each, to the
highest bidder for cash; the sale to be made upon
sealed proposals, to be duly invited by advertise-
ment: Provided* That no bid shall be accepted which
maybe less than the appraised value of the land.
The proceeds of sale, after deducting therefrom the
expenses of survey, appraisement, and sale of the
lands, shall be invested for tho benefit of the Indians
interested, in such manner as the President may
direct.
Mr. STEWART. Where are these Indians?
Mr, HARLAN. In Nebraska, nearly all of
thera.
Mr. STEWART. Where are the lands?
Mr. HARLAN. The lands are lying ia
^^Tehraslta
Mr. STEWART. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Iowa to this way of
disposing of lands. It says that the Secretary
of the Interior shall sell these lands to the
highest bidder, in quantities not to exoeed one
hundred and sixty acres. Of course all can be
bid in by one man. It is provided that the
land shall be appraised and sold at public auc-
tion. If it could be appraised and then made
open to preemption at the appraised value,
there would be no objection to the proposi-
tion; there would be no swindling about it;
but in this way the land will all fall into the
hands of one or two men. If yon appraise it,
and then let it be open to preemption, be it so.
If the appraisers say it is worth five dollars an
acre, let it be open to preemption by settlers
at five dollars an acre. That is a principle I
have been anxious to ingraft on the provisions
for the sale of these reservations. Let them
be appraised for what they are worth, where
they belong to Indians, and then let the land
be open to all the world, to preemption settlers
at a fixed price. But the effect of this plan of
selling the lands at auction is to throw them
into the hands of two or three men inevitably.
I am opposed to it on principle, and I shall
insist on my motion to lay the whole of it on
the table unless the Senator from Iowa desires
to make some remarks.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Nevada
said he would withdraw his motion if I desired
to make an explanation. I do desire to occupy
about two minutes. I will not occupy more
time than that.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. HARLAN. These Indians are living
on comparatively small reservations in the
State of Nebraska. They are very poor In-
dians. Most of them have very small sums
of money due them from year to year. The
appropriations this year amount to a very
small fraction for each Indian. But they have
more land than they really need, and the
Friends, who have charge of these agencies,
desire authority to sell in some proper way,
with the consent of the Indians of course, a
part of their own land, with-a view of apply-
ing the proceeds of that sale in the improve-
ment of the residue of the land. It will
obviate the necessity of an appropriation from
the Treasury directly, and will of course throw
that part of the re'servation into the hands of
the white people. After this explanation, if
the Senate do not choose to put the amend-
ment on this bill, of course I shall submit.
Mr. THAYER. I have reason to believe
that there is a speculation by parties in
Nebraska in the proposition contained in this
amendment. I need not refer to any particu-
lar class, but I have reason to believe that there
is a speculation in it, and I hope that the
amendments will be laid on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
saying that on his responsibility as a Senator
on this floor, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a single
remark in regard to it. I want to know whether
the thing is right in itself. It matters not who
speculates or who does not speculate: I know
nothing about that question; but in presenting
these measures they ought to be presented on
some broad basis that we could understand, and
we should not have to turnaround and inquire
whether there be speculation or not in a thing
before it is condemned.
Mr. COLE. I believe the second section
was reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was. The
Committee on Appropriations recommended
an amendment striking out the second section
of the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. The question is on that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. On page 18 of the printed
amendments of the Indian Committee, after the
word "same," in line twenty-nine, I move to
strike out the residue of the section and to add
to it what I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa has withdrawn that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not pending.
Mr. DAVIS. But I propose an amendment
myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what part of
the bill?
Mr. DAVIS. It is an amendment to the
amendment for the sale of the strip of land
that belongs to the Cherokees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa withdrew that amendment at the request
of several Senators, because it involved legis-
lation which they desired to act upon in a sepa-
rate bill. The Senator from Kentucky has
a right to propose it himself, if he desires to
do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I move it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Having been
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
it is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I move as much of the sec-
tion as is previous to the word "sale," in line
twenty-nine, and, in addition to that, what I
send to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky will be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This amendment has not
been referred to the'Committee on Appropria-
tions. It is a different amendment from that
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be read, and then the
Senate will know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendment, and then a point of
of order can be made upon it, if there is one
to be made.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, being
to insert as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That whenever the Cher-
okee nation of Indians shall agroe thereto by their
national council, or a delegation duly authorized,
under such rules as the President shall prescribe, it
shall be the duty of tho Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be surveyed, as the public lands are sur-
veyed, and to dispose of all that part of the lands
of the Cherokee nation of Indians lying within the
State of Kansas known as the " Cherokee strip, to
actual settlers, in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, in sguare and compact form,
according to legal subdivisions, to each settler, at not
less than the appraised value thereof, such appraise-
ment to be made by two disinterested persons, one
to be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior and
one to be designated by the authorities of the Cher-
okee nation, and, in case of disagreement, by a third
person, to be mutually selected by the aforesaid
appraisers. The appraisement of landsi settled upon
at the passage of this act at the time Of their settle-
ment respectively shall be the value of such lands
without improvements, but shall not be less wan
SI 25 per acre, and shall not include any value whieh
the improvements on each tract may have givttn it.
Those not settled at the passage of this, act shall be
appraised at their value at the time of examination
by appraisers, payment to be made within one year
from the passage of this act; and all lands not
claimed by settlers and paid for within the said year
shall be offered for sale at not less than the appraised
price, and promptly disposed of in tracts not exceed-
ing one hundred and sixty acres to each purchaser.
And the proceeds of the saleof said lands, after pay-
ing the expenses of the survey, appraisement, and
sale, shall be invested in United States registered
stocks, according to the provisions of the twenty-
third article of the treaty of 1866 between the Uni-
ted States and the Cherokee nation, aud held far .
them, and the interest semi-annually paid thereon,
as is therein provided, to be invested as fast as the
same shall accrue : Provided, That all Cherokees,
heads of families, who had settled and improved
upon said lands prior to the date of the treaty of
July 19,1866, aforesaid, or their descendants or legal
representatives, shall have the right to purchase one
hundred and sixty acres, taken in a compact form,
according to the legal subdivisions, so as to include
the place improved as near the center as practicable,
under such rules of evidence as the Secretary may
direct: Provided further, That the town-site laws
shall be made applicable to the lands in the so-oalled
"Cherokeestrip,'' provided that they shall not dam-
age any rights hereinbefore secured.
Mr. DAVIS. If there is an objection to be
made to it, I want it to be made in the right
way. I want the Senator who objects to rise
to his feet and make the objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to my feet, then,
and inquire of the Chair whether the thirtieth
rule does not exclude this amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is getting in money
and then paying it out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
examine it. He is of impression that it is not
within the prohibition of the thirtieth rule.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the objection stated,
that I may comprehend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The thirtieth rule
provides that " all amendments to general ap-
propriation bills reported* from committees of
the Senate, proposing new items of appropria-
tion, shall, one day before they are offered, be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations."
Mr. CONKLING, (in his seat.) Does not
the thirtieth rule exclude that amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not think that this comes within the purview
of the rule. It does not propose a new item
of appropriation out of the Treasury of the
United States, as the Chair understands, so
far as he can gather from a hasty reading of
it. It proposes to sell certain lands, and when
the proceeds of the sale of the land are paid
into the Treasury, to provide that the money
shall be placed to the credit of these Indians,
and the interest applied in a certain way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And that certain expenses
shall be paid. I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky, however, is still entitled to the floor
on the amendment. He was taken from the
floor by the point of order, and therefore he
resumes the floor when the point is decided.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the Senator from
Vermont will hardly take the words out of my
mouth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont supposed the Senator from Kentucky
had resumed his seat: but he did so only
in obedience to the parliamentary law which
requires him to suspend his remarks during
the pendency of a point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I had just given way to the
point of order made by the Senator from New
York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask pardon of the
Senator from Kentucky. I supposed he had
taken his seat, and I only intended to submit a
motion to dispose of his proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I have but one remark to
make in support of this proposition. This is
a fund that belongs to the Cherokee nation,
held in trust by the United States Government
for them. The Government is the trustee;
the Indian nation are the cestui qui treat's. It
is deemed desirable "both by the people of
