762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
IMPORTATION OF ANIMALS.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, intro-
ducedajointresolution (H. II. No. 470)constru-
ingtbe act of July 14, 1&70, entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," so as to provide for the admission
of animals specially imported for breeding pur-
poses free of duty from the Dominion of
Canada; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM ME SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sok", one of its clerks, announced that that
body had agreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 87-1) to reimburse
the State of Kansas for all moneys expended
for the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and provisioning militia forces to aid in sup-
pressing the rebellion.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills and a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles, without amendment :
A bill (H. R. No. 23G0) for the relief of
Arnton Smith ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2529) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending Jane SO, 1872; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 170) author-
izing the sale of a portion of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation to the Kansas
Agricultural and Mechanical Association of
Leavenworth county, in the State of Kansas,
for fair grounds.
It further announced that the Senate liad
passed a bill and joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 1257) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvements of the St. Mary's Falls
canal and St. Mary's river, Michigan ; and
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 242) relative
to the steamship Meteor.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) for the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H.R. No. 2015) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling so-called
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
for amendments where it was suspended yes-
terday.
The following paragraphs were read :
Osages:
Forinterest on £69,120, at five per ccnt. per annum,
being value of fifty-four sectionsofland set apart by
treaty of June 2, 182-5, for educational purposes, per
Senate resolution of January 9, 1838, $3,456.
I'1 or interest on $300,000, at live per oca t. per annum,
to bo paid semi-annually, in money or sueh articles
as the Secretary of the Interior may direct, as per
first article treaty of September 29,18i>5, £15,000.
Mr. SARGENT- I move to add at the end
of the last paragraph the following:
Provided, That each half-breed or mixed-blood
Osage, being twenty-one years ot age, ur tho head
of a family, shall, under such rules and regulations
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, be entitled to enter, within the diminished res-
ervation of the Osage Indians in Kansas, at SI 25 per
acre, a tract of land in compact lorm. anil by legal
subdivision, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, upon whioh sueh half-breed or mixed-blood
has heretofore actually settled and made improve-
ments: Provided, however. That cttch half-breed or
mixed blood, so entering such lands, shall thereby
forfeit all claim to land? within the Indian terri-
tory which have been or shall be purchased out of
the proceeds of the sale of the lands of the Osages
in the State of Kansas : And provided /W'That
the lands so entered shall not be alienable oy sueh
Vitf-breed 'or mixed blood without the consent of
the Secretary of the Interior, approved bythe Pres-
ident.
In support of the amendment, I ask to have
read a letter from tbe Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
The Clerk read as follows:
Depaktmejjt op the Ixterior,
"Wasmnoton, D. C., January 26,1871.
Sir: Referring to our conversation of this morn-
ing, I have the honor to transmit herewith a draft
of a section providing that the mixed bloods or half-
breeds of the Great and Little Osage India.ns shall
he entitled to enter within the diminished reserve
of the Osages. in the State of Kansas, from which
said Indians have agreed to remove, a tract of land
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, at $1 25
per acre.
The draft is accompanied by a proviso, the effect
of which is to exclude said half-breeds or mixed
bloods so entering land in Kansas from the bene-
fits of the twelfth section of the act of Julyl5,1870,
and a further proviso rendering such land inalien-
able by such half-breeds or mixed bloods unless by
consent of the Secretary of the Interior.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. A. A. Saroen'T, Committee on Appropriations,
Jlouse of liepresentatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Pawnees:
For perpetual annuity, at least one half of which
to be in goods and such articles as may be deemed
necessary for them, per second article treaty 24th
September, 1857, $30,000.
For support of two manual-labor schools, per third
article treaty September 24, 1857, $10,000.
For pay of one farmer, two blacksmiths and two
apprentices, one miller and apprentice, one engineer
and two teachers, J5.780.
Mr. SARGWNT. I move to add to the last
paragraph li for pay of physician and purchase
of medicines, $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
Pottawatomies of Huron:
For permanent annuity, m money or otherwise,
per second article treaty of Noveinber 17,1S07, $400.
Mr.-AXTELL. I move to insert at the end
of that paragraph " for twenty policemen, to
be styled Capitol police, to be detailed to pre-
vent Congressmen visitinglndian territory from
jostling and crowding Indians, $24,000."
Mr. Chairman, my attention has been called,
since i have been a member of the House dur-
ing the last four years, to the fact of the uni-
form courtesy and kindness of members of
Congress, not only toward each other, but in
their contact with outsiders, with three or four
memorable exceptions; and I desire to guard
against sueh exceptions occuring in the future
when they are traveling abroad. I recollect
two years ago, when the President of the United
States was inaugurated, tbat a large body of
members of this House, led by a gentleman of
distinguished fame and reputation, were ob-
served jostling about this Capitol to endeavor
to obtain seats. I observed the same thing
here when this House was organized. I have
observed it in our restaurant below. I have
observed frequently tbat members lay aside tbe
usual courtesy and kindness that govern all
their conduct, and on public days and occasions
are found jostling with rude- boys and ambi-
tious negroes, not for seats, but for standing
•room, and often with delicate ladies hanging
on their arms. [Laughter.] I saw this last
night, in the Rotunda of the Capitol, and if
this thing is done in the green tree what may
be done in the dry? Now, if members of Con-
gress conduct themselves in that way in this
Capitol, what may they do when they visit tbe
Indian territory ? I think there should be an
officer ready to attend each member of this
House, to go with each Congressman and pre-
vent him from jostling tbe Indians when visit-
ing them on the plains.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to move an amendment to his prop-
osition ?
Mr. AXTELL. What is the amendment?
Mr. STEVENSON. It is that Senators
and the officers of ihe Senate be allowed to
cooperate in this matter.
Mr. AXTELL. No; I cannot accept that
amendment. [Laughter.] It was said by a
celebrated writer and wit, in an essay on mur-
der considered as one of the fine arts, that the
habit of committing murder was a bad habit
for a man to form, for it must necessarily lead
to other vices ; that the victim of such a habit
would eventually turn out to be a robber, would
after a time get to stealing, and then would
become rude and impolite. It is therefore
necessary to put a stop to this thing before it
goes too far. And I call tbe attention of the
House to this matter in order that in this case
we may invoke the strong arm that always
accompanies and governs "an efficient police.
Mr. SARGENT. I am sorry my colleague
and friend had his corns so badly trod upon
last night. [Laughter.] I suppose, however,
that he will not insist upon his amendment.
Mr. AXTELL. I will withdraw it.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read under the
heading " Sioux of different tribes : "
For second of four installments for purchase of
beef and flour, under tenth article treaty of April 29,
1863, $985,500.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out " $985,500,"
and inserting in lieu thereof" $1,314,000," in
order to correspond with the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph under the same
heading was read:
For insurance, transportation, and the necessary
expenses of delivering goods to be purchased for the
different bands of the Sioux Indians, under treaty
of April 29,1868, $50,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out " $50,000 " and insert-
ing "875,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was resumed.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask consent to have the
various clauses under the heading of " Win-
nebagoes " treated as one paragraph, as I have
some amendments to move to them.
No objection was made.
The clauses were read as follows:
Winnehagoes:
For interest on $1,000,000, at five per cent., per
fourth article treaty November 1, 1837, and joint
resolution July 17,1S62. $50,000.
For twenty-fifth of thirty installments of interest
on $85,000. at five per cent., per fourth article treaty
October 13,1848, $4,250.
For interest on $200,000, at five per cent., to bo
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, for the erection of houses, improvement of
their allotments of land, puichase of stock, agricul-
tural implements, seeds, and other beneficial pur-
poses, $10,000.
For insuranco and transportation of goods that
may be purchased tor said Indians, $1,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I propose to amend the
clauses just read by making the amounts in
the first clause, respectively, $895,493 15 and
$44,774 GO; in the second clause, $70,116 92
and $3,805 84 ; and in the third clause, $179,-
098 (53 and $8,954 93. Also, to add the fol-
lowing clauses:
For the proportion of one hundred and sixty per-
sons of $1,000,000, placed to the creditof said Indians
on the books of the Treasury, as per fourth article
of the treaty November i. 1837, whole number of the
tribe being fifteen hundred and thirty-one persons,
$104,506 85.
For the proportion of one hundred and sixty per-
sons of £85,000, placed to the credit of said Indians
on the books of the Treasury, as per fourth article
treaty October 13, 1846. whole number fifteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, $8,883 08.
For the proportion ot one hundred and sixty per-
sons of $200,000, placed to the credit of said Indians
on the books of the Treasury, Being the amount
in part taken from their tribal funds to pay the
expenses of their removal from Minnesota, pro-
vided for in public act No. 187, approved July 15,
1870. whole number fifteen hundred and thirty-one,
$20,901 37. The foregoing amounts for said one hun-
dred and sixty persons are appropriated from tho
sum • respectively named, standing to the creditof
the Winnebagoes on the books of the Treasury, and
shall be deducted therefrom.
I desire all these amendments adopted, if
any of them are. Without making any remarks
on this subject, I will simply ask the Cieik to
read aletter from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
