18U.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps
from tbe. Judiciary Committee of the last Con-
gress, wbo had this same unexecuted patent
before them; and that accounted t'ortbe extra
holes. It was simply a dodge, and an attempt
to throw fog. The whole was in the same hand-
.writing; and any one with half an eye could
see there was the same number of holes be-
fore as well as behind in the whole of the
patent.
Sir, when all things that are pure, all things
that are lovely, and all things that are of good
report and reputation are swept over and be-
smeared with wholesale charges of fraud and
corruption from a single source it is time to
look a little at the purity of the fountain from
which these charges spring. The frauds and
perjuries that have been proved in court, arid
are fast fixed upon its records, are those of
Gomez and his fellow-conspirators to secure
this land, and his corrupt tool, Pacificus Ord.
The cry of "stop thief" is heard sometimes
in the committee-rooms and upon the floor
of Congress, as well as upon the side-walk and
on the highway.
This case, if carried through the House for
the petitioner, will be so done in great meas-
ure upon the hue and cry that here is one poor
man fighting against a great corporation. Now,
I do not know how large this New Idria Mining
Company is; their rights were never referred
to the committee to investigate. It is not a
part of the case before us. If they have no
rights, we do not propose to give them any;
and if they have rights, we do not propose to
add to or take from them, but leave them to
the courts and the laws of the land. It came
incidentally before us; and it appears that it
is at least a bona fide company, who have a
capital stock, for that is the very thing Mc-
Garrahan charges upon them, that they have
had too much of that for him. It has spent,
they say, hundreds of thousands of dollars;
and they certainly have developed quicksilver
mines, before valueless, by their money and
machinery, and given employment to miners
and their families, and added to the wealth of
the Pacific coast and the country.
We certainly ought to pass no law without a
hearing to give to or take away from them
rights, if they have any, any more than we
should as to any other mining company in
California or Nevada. But, how is it about
the petitioner? Is hethesingle poor and hon-
est man that is fighting a strong corporation?
Sir, the evidence shows he bought Gomez's
interest in this property for §1,100, worth
millions, as he says. The scoundrel Ord owned
half of it; he fled the country, as tbe.y say,
to avoid the penalty of his misdeeds, without
giving any deed of his half to McGarrahan ;
and McGarrahan, by a sort of survivorship,
claims to own the whole, and puts it all into a
Wall street corporation in New York, under
the name of the " Panoche Grande Quicksilver
Mining Company," and calls the capital stock
$5,000,000. But that was not water enough
for a scheme of this kind ; and so they double
the capital stock and make it $10,000,000, to
gull fiats with the stock if they can get his
claim confirmed to him. And nothing appears
lo have been puid in on the stock except this
bogus mining claim.
The country can very well decide upon this
2ry against a corporation when they learn that,
an the one hand, it is a corporation actually
jit work for years, and giving employment to
toners and developing the wealth and the
resources of the country, and, on the other
hand, it is a Wall street corporation, with ten
mil ioiu of water stock, that is fighting this
battle ; and Mariposa, and other schemes that
thrive in the purlieus of Wall street, show how
much benefit such mining companies are to the
country. 1 have had placed in my hands, by
one of my fellow-members on the committee,
a certified copy of the annual statement of this
Wall street company for January, 1867, which
tells its own story :
The Panoche Grande Quicksilver Milling Com-
pany, in pursuance of the statute, makes the fol-
lowing report:
The amount of the capital stock of the company
is $10,000,000, which has been issued in payment for
its mining property.
The debt existing asrainst the company does not
exceed the amount of $16,000.
B. O'CONNER, President.
M.CAMPBELL,
JAMES CAMPBELL,
FEED. FRANK,
Majority of Trustees.
Hew York, January 16,1867.
City and County of New York, ss :
Frederick Frank, being duly sworn, says that he is
secretary of the above company, and that the facts
stated in said report are true, to the best of his knowl-
edge and belief.
_ FRED. FRAKK.
Sworn to before me this 16th day of January, 1867.
[l.s.] A.IIADLEY.jr,
Notary Public, New York City.
Indorsed: Filed January 18, 1867.
State of New York,
City and County of New York, «-■?;
I, Charles E.Loew, clerk of the said city and county,
and clerk of the supreme court of said State ior said
county, do certify that i have compared the preced-
ing with the original annual report of the Panoche
Grande Quicksilver Mining Company on file in my
office, and that the same is a correct transcript there-
from, and ot the whole of such original.
In witness whereof I have hereunto subscribed
It D i my name, and affixed my official seal, this
LI" S'J 8th day ot December, 1869.
CHARLES E. LOEW, Clerk.
The Supreme Court of the United States
have taken jurisdiction of this Gomez case,
not only for the purpose of recalling the man-
date it had sent down to the district court in
California, which they found had been pro-
cured by fraud—by fraud in the beginning
and fraud to the end ; but also in a subsequent
case upon the merits of the pretended claim
of GomeS to the lands. The court were
unanimous that the whole thing was a fraud.
The following extract of the opinion of Mr.
Justice Clifford is found in the case of United
States vs. Gomez, (3 Wallace, page 766:)
" Regarding the case as regularly before the court,
it becomes necessary to examine the merits of the
claim. Soine suspicion attaches to it because it is
made for four leagues of land; whereas the only
document introduced in support of it, which is of the
least probative forcc, represents the originaVclaim-
antas having asked for but three leagues. Thedoeu-
ment reterred to purports to be a petition ot the
claimant to tile Governor, and there is a.ppended to
it the usual informe; but there is no concession or
grant, nor is there any satisfactory evidence that any
title of any kind was ever issued by the Governor to
the claimant. He states in his petition to the land
commissioners that he obtained the map or rccord
from the proper officers of the Department; but tho
alleged fact is not satisfactorily proved. Four wit-
nesses were examined by tbe claimant, betore the
land commissioners, but only one ot the number pre-
tended that he had ever seen the grant, and his state-
ments are quite too indefinite to be received as
satisfactorily proved.
" Instead ot proving possession under the giant,
it is satisfactorily shown that he nerer occupied itat
all, and it is doubtful if he ever saw the premises
during tho Mexican rule. The land commissioners
rejected the claim ; but before it came up for hearing
in the districtcourt his attorney had been appointed
district attorney of the United States, and the proof
shows that he conveyed two leagues of the land to
the district attorney. Tho circumstances of thecon-
firmation ot the claim in the district ceurt are fully
stated in the opinion of this court when the man-
date was revoked and recalled. (United States vs.
Gomez, 23 Howard, 339.) Comment upon those cir-
cumstances is unnecessary, except to say that the
confirmation was fraudulently obtained.
"Although the decree was fraudulently obtained,
still, inasmuch as it is correct in form, it is sufficient
to sustain the appeal for the purpose of correcting
tho error. The party who procured it cannot bo
allowed to object to its validity as a means of per-
petuating fraud, especially as he did not appealfrom
thedecree. The decree of thedistriet court is there-
fore reversed, and thecase remanded with directions
to dismiss the petition."
Now, a word in regard to the action or the
report of the minority of the committee. 1
had no opportunity to see the minority report
until yesterday afternoon, although I tried to do
so; nor could the majority of the committee
see it, though their report has long been made.
This case was investigated during the last
session. The committee examined it almost
every regular day of meeting lor three long
months, with several extra meetings. After
all the examination then, and after all our
investigation this session, we find on the part
of the minority a mere technical report, upon
a side issue made up since the main ease was
decided, and upon a matter never referred to
the committee. Instead of asking that any-
thing should be given to McGarrahan, which
was the matter referred to and heard by the
committee, and the only issue before them,
we have a report on the part of the minority
which consists only of two things; the first
being an attack upon the late Secretary Cox
for a pretended mutilation of the record, and
the second being a direction to President Grant
to take charge of this matter without regard to
any decision of the Supreme Court made since
1863, or any other proceeding since that date.
Now, I have not been on this floor long
enough, nor do I desire to be long enough
here, to believe that an American Congress
has the right or the power to legislate away a
decision of the Supreme Court in a land ease,
where they have taken jurisdiction, and where
vested rights of third parties may, for aught we
know, exist. I do not think in matters of liti-
gation between the United States and one of
its citizens, or between citizens of the United
States in regard to property, this House has
any right to set aside two or three decisions of
the Supreme Court, or direct the Executive at
the other end of the avenue to set them aside ;
to delegate to him the power to set aside two
or three decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, which we do not and cannot if
we would, in the division of powers under our
Government, exercise or possess ourselves.
That is all their recommendation amounts to.
If we pass this minority resolution or sub-
stitute we say, so far as this matter is con-
cerned, that the United States Supreme Court
having taken jurisdiction, not only to recall
this fraudulent mandate from the court to
which it had been sent, but having taken juris-
diction of these matters upon their merits, the
President shall pay no regard to their decis-
ions, though by the Constitution it sits clothed
with an authority high as that of Congress or
President, and supreme in the discharge of
those duties that belong to the judicial de-
partment of the Government. And this, too,
not upon a political question, where each great
department of the Government may assume
to decide for itself, but upon aland title where
the courts have taken jurisdiction and heard
the case ; and this House is asked to decide
that the Supreme Court had no right tcs take
jurisdiction.
Sir, I will not for one be a party to any such
folly or insane assumption of power. Norwill
I, as a friend of the President—and I yield to
no man on this floor in my regard and respect
for him—consent to impose so thankless a task,
upon him as this minority report attempts to
do. A case which has taken us months to
try, which belongs in the courts and Depart-
ments, we propose to direct the President to
hear and decide, and "do in the premises
whatever may, in his judgment, be just and
equitable." I heartily concur with all my dis-
tinguished friend from Maine [Mr. Peters]
has said in eulogy of the President; and I be-
lieve he did entirely right in directing that no
mere clerk should sign his name to any land
patent for the property in dispute, without his
knowledge, for either party.
But 1 do not deem it any mark of respect or
esteem for the President to impose upon him
so distasteful a task, and one so foreign to the
Herculean load of duties he already has to
bear, as the investigation of this long chapter
