156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Wilson.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
of perjury and fraud. Nor is there anything
in the facts of this case that calls upon us to
pass a vote of censure upon the late Secretary
Cox in regard to ihis record. He directed to
be done only what ought to be done; for the
facts were clear beyond question, that the
patent was recorded as executed, before it had
been signed by either the President or recorder,
and that it never was signed by either. And
no man, even of the counsel of McGarrahan,
pretends that it was ever signed by the recorder
ofthe Land Office, ordelivered to McGarrahan.
Sir, this whole matter belongs in the courts
and the Department, where the laws of the land
have placed it. Cannot you trust such a man
as Secretary Delano, now at the head of that
Department, that you must violate the laws
and usages in all such cases?
No member of the committee ventures to
say in either report, or will dare to say upon
this floor, that the orginal grant to Gomez was
a valid one, or that McGarrahan is now enti-
tled to a patent; and yet they propose to com-
pel the President by a joint resolution to decide
this question without regard to decisions of
courts or decisions of the Department made
since March, 18G3, when the record as it stood
at that time, before it had been impeached and
set aside for fraud by the courts, might compel
the President to issue a patent in violation of
the decisions of the highest court in the land,
and of every principle of public honesty or
morality.
Claim of McGan-alian.
REMARKS OF HON. E. M. WILSON,
OF MINNESOTA,
In the House op Rhpeeskntatives,
February 20, 1871,
On the report of tho Judiciary Committee on the
memorial of William McGarrahan.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
we are too apt, in matters not referred to our
own committee and which are intricate, to
dodge the trouble of examination and fashion
our opinions after those in whose judgment we
have confidence. I could not, if so disposed,
adopt such a course in this matter, finding
upon each side those in whose integrity and
intellect I have alike faith, and whose honesty
and earnestness would carry equal weight.
Having been thus specially led to an exam-
ination of the subject, I cannot help thinking-
that an unnecessary amount of feeling has been
exhibited, and that in the consequent excite-
ment the most important question for our con-
sideration has been lost sight of, Charges
and counter-charges of fraud, perjury, and
forgery have been bandied by counsel, and
the cry caught up by members of this House,
until the whole air is filled with them, and wo
have resolved ourselves into a court trying the
original cause.
The first great question is, what right have
we to review this ease at all ? McGarrahan pe-
titions for a confirmation of his claim to seven-
teen thousand acres of land. But it has been
adjudicated by a court of final and competent
jurisdiction and his claim of right denied.
Shall we then adopt the dangerous precedent of
overthrowing this decision, even if we believed
it to be wrong? 'But we are told the Supreme
Court had 'no jurisdiction and that they acted
upon incompetent and fraudulent testimony.
The Supreme Court is the only judge of its
own jurisdiction, and it has decided that its
right to control this case is undoubted. It
has again decided, upon a full review of the
eause, upon the evidence that the Gomez title,
upon which McGarrahan rests, is not good.
(33 Howard, 32G ; 1 Wallace, 690 ; 3 Wallace,
<53.) Are we, then, a legislative body, to
assume Hie fearful prerogative of interfering
with the legitimate consequences of these de-
cisions?
In the present tendency of the times toward
centralization of power, toward the upturning
of the wholesome balances of our system of
government, if there is one thing we should
stand by it is the decisions of our courts.
They may occasionally be wrong; bat how in-
finitely better bear these exceptions than turn
ourselves adrift upon the bewildering sea of
congressional revision! Where would titles
end? Where could man feel secure? What
suitor was ever satisfied with an adverse de-
cision so long a3 there was another tribunal
to which he could carry his complaints ? How
long would it be before a perpetual Congress
would be wading in despair through an ever
increasing docket and neglecting the legisla-
tion of the country? What a check would be
placed upon the general progress of the land
when no security was left for invested capital.
Statutes of limitations are generally inequi-
table, but the importance of a finality in litiga-
tion has rendered them in the highest degree
necessary. How terrible would be the chaos
when you could rest upon no final judicial de-
cision, no statute of limitations, but must ever
fear that Congress may be invoked to snatch
away the subject of your purchase and the
fruit of your toil! Political considerations
would enter with a strong hand into all issues,
until the settlement of titles would become a
mere test of party strength, and have no more
judicial significance than the present decision
of a contested-election case. Our situation
would become as deplorable as that of unhappy
Mexico, where the revolutions of the wheel of
fortune are only regulated by the revolutions
of political chieftains.
But I hear some one ask, "Are there no
circumstances of fraud or mistake that may
warrant an exception to the wholesome policy
of 1 stare decisis V " None that wopld warrant
a determination of the matter of title by this
Congress as a judicial tribunal. I can im-
agine circumstances of such outrageous char-
acter, of such great hardship, that Congress
might afford some relief; but the extent of its
power should only be to provide for a rehear-
ing of the case by the courts. We may by
special act remove the statute of limitations,
may provide for a special new trial, but even
this power should be carefully, sparingly, and
rarely used. Upon a careful review of the
testimony and arguments of this case I cannot
see enough to warrant even this exercise of
power. Whatever may be the opinions of mem-
bers as to what thtf decision should have been,
there can be no question as to what it is, and
that it has been fully and completely decided
that McGarrahan has no title. I think, there-
fore, the committee has decided properly in
declining to interfere in his behalf as against
these decisions.
But we are told terrible stories of the muti-
lation of General Land Office records and of
the mysterious disappearance of a patent which
McGarrahan should have. Suppose all this
were true, it gives him no better claim. The
decision of the Supreme Court was not based
upon the issuance or non-issuance of a patent,
but involved the very question of the right to
a patent, and was against that right. Had it
been executed as pretended, and were it now
formally delivered to him, it would have no
effect as against this decision. Enact a law
granting the land to him to-day, and he still
has no title, in the face of this decision, as
against any intervening rights under existing
laws. No court in the land could be success-
fully invoked to put him in possession as
against such. You would have at last to call
upon the Army to set aside the decrees of your
courts, and yet they would stand, the law
still, though the law violated. It is from such
considerations that I feel compelled to vote
for the majority resolution of the committee.
While the minority report does not in terms
declare McGarrahan entitled to the land, it is
equally objectionable in referring the decis-
ion of the matter to the President. He may,
as confidently relied upon by the friends of •
McGarrahan, decide in his favor, or he may
not. What he might do I care not. But he
has no more right to review a decision of the
Supreme Court than we have, and we can-
not delegate him a power we do not possess.
Such is the true position of the case, and the
shortest mode of doing our duty in the matter
is to discharge ourselves from its further con-
sideration.
But we are told this would give the land in
dispute to the New Idria Mining CtTmpany.
This could not be the case except as to four
hundred and eighty acres of it, while the
whole amount is some seventeen thousand
acres? But why would the New Idria Mining
Company get even four hundred and eighty
acres? Not from any decision or action of
ours, but only because they may have ac-
quired title under our laws. If they have so
acquired, no action of ours can take away
their prior vested rights. We have no ques-
tion to decide between them and McGarrahan,
for' by the decision of the Supreme Court
there is no McGarrahan title. It is useless to
go into the question of what acts of fraud,
bribery, perjury, or forgery they may or may
not have committed in defeating the McGar-
rahan title. We must accept the fact that that
title is defeated, and are bound to legally pre-
sume that there was enough proper testimony
and sufficiently valid grounds for the decision
that defeated it. Their title starts de novo
under the " miners' law," and must be judged
by the proper tribunal upon the mere question
of their having conformed or not with its pro-
visions. Whether they have done this I do not
know and do not care. There is no evidence
before us upon which to decide this point, and
I do not think it is one which we should at-
tempt to decide any more than that of what
other rights may have attached to the fifteen
thousand five hundred acres forming the rest
of the McGarrahan claim.
This is not a question of sympathy, and
we are not to be driven from our legal con-
victions by the cry against some huge cor-
poration. I suppose there is a stock-jobbing
concern on both sides, and there is no peculiar
ground for personal preference. If I had feel-
ing upon the subject it would be that of preju-
dice against Spanish grants, which always have
the smell of fraud about them, and which have
been the curse of the Pacific coast. They have
produced the most fearful land monopolies,
they have unsettled titles, they have scared
away the settlers who should now be making
that wilderness land blossom, and they have
been a perpetual drag upon the wheels of pro-
gress, without one redeeming feature. I am
not prepared to believe that this one has alone
been defeated by the corrupt and improper
action of those opposed to it. This may have
been the case with parties acting in California.
There seems to have been a good deal of it on
both sides; but there is not in the evidence
the least ground for the charges made against
the Attorney General's office. Judge Black
has been specially singled out because he was
the greatest man connected with the cause,
and slanderously abused by a young attorney
before the committee, whose puny assaults can
no more affect that intellectual giant than ha
could darken the sun by spitting at it. While
Attorney General he fought with his power-
ful strength against the fraudulent claims that
proposed to cover the whole State of Califor-
nia two or three deep.. And to his efforts
do the settlers of that region owe much of
what has been rescued from the hands of
monopolists. I agree with the gentleman from
