1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
practice from our ancestors. It was the prac-
tice of the British House of Commons. When
I first knew Congress it was the practice in
both branches of Congress. But now we have
fallen into the very bad habit of appropriation
bills being brought in just at the close of the
cession and hurried through under the whip
because it is said there is no time to discuss
them.
I do not wish to occupy one moment of the
time of the Senate to-morrow on. this bill be-
yond what I deem necessary in pure business
talk, and very little of that. There are some
of the provisions of this bill that I want to
move to strike out, some of the appropriations
in it. It may be that an explanation will make
me withdraw any such motion; and if the
explanation be satisfactory, it certainly will.
I do not wish to consume time at all; and if
an hour is fixed for the taking of the vote, and
all amendments, and all discussion shall have
ceased before that, as there is no disposition
merely to waste time, I should not object to
taking the vote at any earlier time. But out
of abundant caution, I would like the Senate
to agree to take the vote at two o'clock; and
I think that is the best thing to be done.
And now, while I am up, I must say a word
further. I feel no greater obligation, I know
of no greater ^obligation that rests upon any
of us who are here than rests upon those who
are absent. I do not know that we are bound
to do more for the public service, or the speed
of the bills that are before Congress, or for
passing this appropriation bill, than they are.
They are under just as much obligation as we
are. We are both under positive obligation,
it is true, as the Senator from Vermont sug-
gests ; but if they see fit to absent themselves
in this way, I do not think myself that we are
bound to stay here and to force their attend-
ance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Bat we should go and do
likewise!
Mr. THURMAN. I think that after we
have sat over eight hours, as we have to-day,
to say nothing of the committee work we did
this morning beginning at ten o'clock, after
we have been nine hours in one day in the
service of the country, the best thing that we
can do, best as for the country as for ourselves,
is to adjourn. But now I propose that the
vote be taken at two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HAMLIN. Say one.
Mr. THURMAN. If we get through before
two, very well.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Go on with
the call.
Mr. THURMAN. I make the proposition
in all fairness. If it be not agreed to, the
responsibility is not mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator suggest two o'clock or one o'clock?
Mr. THURMAN. I propose two o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition?
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the vote on the
pending motion.
_ Mr. SCOTT. I find every time this ques-
tion has arisen that there is a great want of
practical business sagacity in the rule adopted
for securing the attendance of Senators. I
rise to offeran amendment to the motion which
is now pending, for the purpose of seeing
whether there is anything practical in this at-
tempt to carry on legislation. The rule which
is referred to begins with asserting that ''No
Senator shall absent himself from the service
of the Senate without leave of the Senate first
obtained." Attending here is asserted by the
rule to be the duty of every Senator, and we
recognize it every time that an important com-
mittee asks leave to sit during the sessions of
the Senate.
Members are not even permitted to depart
for the discharge of committee duties during
the session of the Senate without the leave
of the Senate. Now, sir, a majority of less
than a quorum is hers enforcing the attend-
ance of all who are present. Is it at all rea-
sonable that less than a quorum shall sit here,
enforcing the attendance of all who are here,
and then sen<| out a request, simply requesting
those who are absent to come and discharge
their duties? I do not think there is anything
in courtesy or in the dignity of the Senate
that should longer tolerate this state of things.
If we are to accomplish legislation by refus-
ing to adjourn and sending for those who are.
absent, it ought not to be simply a request. I
move to amend the motion of the Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] by striking out
the word "request" and inserting the. word
"enforce."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
whether the amendment is in order, under the
usage of the Senate. The Chair will state to
the Senate the history of this rule. The rule
was intended obviously, when first adopted, to
authorize the Sergeant-at-Arms to invite the
attendance, not of Senators in the capital, but
to invite the attendance of Senators not present
at the opening of the session of Congress, at
their homes, at their own expense, if they were
not present. That is the history of the origin-
ation of this rule. Subsequently, what is now
the last sentence was agreed to as an amend-
ment to it:
"And this rule shall apply as well to the first con-
vention of tlie Senate, ;U the legal time of meeting,
as to each day of the session, after tho hour has
arrived to which the Senafe stood adjourned."
But in both parts it refers, in its mandatory
language, to the opening of each daily session
of the Senate; and the usage has been always,
and the Chair thinks without any break in the
line of precedents, that the Sergeant-at-Arms
has been requested to invite the attendance of
Senators. The Chair would like the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Hamlix,] to state whether
that is not his recollection also.
Mr. HAMLIN. My recollection conforms
with that of the Chai.r. I think there has been
nothing else done at any time than to request
the attendance of Senators, and there has been
a good deal of critical learning expended in
various debates upon that subject. 1 know the
question has been raised whether, without a
positive rule, we have the power to do that.
While the Constitution gives to a minority the
power to compel theattendance of absent mem-
bers, the idea has obtained that a rule to enforce
that power must be prescribed by the Senate
while acting by a quorum, a majority; but it
has never been done. I hope, however, that
at the commencement of another Congress,
(and certainly I will join Senators in it,) we shall
have a rule that will give to a minority the
unquestioned power to put the strong hand of
the law upon an absent Senator, and bring him
into this Hall when we want him here to do
his duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word
on this point, because if the emergency should
arise I should wish to take the sense of the
Senate on this point. I believe the rule now
authorizes the Senate, if it chooses, to do so,
to bring in the absentees. If we have not ex-
ercised that full power, that is no argument
against the existence of the power. I merely
make this remark now, in order that we may
not be foreclosed, if it becomes necessary in
the exercise of whatever rights we have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator state the language of the rule on which
he bases that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will mot trouble the
Chair with it now. I only meant to put in a
caveat, as the question does not now arise.
Mr. SCOTT. I have made this motion more
*pon what struck me as common .sense with
regard to the transaction of business than upon
the contraction of the rule. If I were to be
called upon to construe the rule I would say
there is very great force in the suggestion that
it applies only to the convening of the Senate
when it first meets, or at the convening of any
subsequent session of the Senate, and not sub-
sequent proceedings; but the practice being
to send out and request the attendance of Sen-
ators at any time during a session, it Seems to
me that the original purpose of the rule has
been departed from; ana therefore the ori-
ginal purpose of the rule having been departed
from, we get back to the question of the power
of the Senate to enforce its own rules. Now,
then, the Senate having a rule that "no Sen-
ator shall absent himself from the service of
the Senate without leave of the Senate first
obtained," the common-sense question comes
up, if a member of the Senate violates that
rule, has the Senate the inherent power in
itself of enforcing its own rule ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that a quorum of the Senate unquestionably
has.
Mr. SCOTT. And when the provision is
made that less than a quorum may remain here
and continue to keep here others who are un-
willing to remain, it seems to me the power
of enforcing that rule ought to be in the Sen-
ators who remain. It is only for the purpose
of testing that question that I make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . The Chair de-
clines to entertain the motion, on the ground
stated. The Chair will read from the Consti-
tution, without intending to make any con-
struction of the Constitution himself, section
five of article one:
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections
returns, and qualifications of its own members, and
a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do
business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day, and may be authorized to compel the
attendance of absent members"—
How ?
"in such manner and under such penalties as each
House may provide."
If the Constitution had said that a smaller
number may adjourn from day to day, and
may be authorized to compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and under
such penalties as they may provide, unques-
tionably less than a quorum could at any time
make this order without any express rule; but
the framers of the Constitution, instead of
using the word "they," referring to the smaller
number, distinctly declared that it should take
a majority of each House to make a quorum
to do business—
" But a smaller number may adjourn from day to
day, and may be authorized to compel tho attend-
ance of absent members in such manner and under
such penalties as each House may provide."
It is not a "House" for the transaction of
business unless there is a quorum present, the
Chair thinks.
Mr. HAMLIN. In what I said a few mo-
ments since I did not mean to advance the
doctrine that a minority of us here cannot,
under the rules as they now stand, compel the
attendance of members. I rather incline to
the opinion that we can. I sought rather to
state what had been the practice, and to state
the position which certain Senators heretofore
had taken on that proposition. I did not mean
then to express an opinion of my own one way
or the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair has very prop-
erly stated the point I intended to make my-
self; and that is, that we have not the power
to compel the attendance of members under
the rules as they now stand. The Constitu-
tion does not give a minority the power to
compel the attendance of members, but it
authorizes the Senate to empower a minority
to compel the attendance of absent members.
The language is peculiar. It has been read
by the Chair:
"But a smaller number may adjourn from day to
day, and may be authorized to compel the attend-
ance of absent members."
Unless authorized by the action of the Sen-
ate itself, we cannot undertake to compel the
attendance of absent members. The Con-
stitution does not give any such power to a
minority of this body. We can only derive it
from the action of the body itself, a majority
of the body, and then we must conform in all
