158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Senate.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Blair.
41st Com.... 3d Sess.
the United States could, under this clause of
the Constitution, pass a penal law inflicting
punishment upon the citizen whose duty it was
under the State law to refuse the ballot of the
citizens thus denied and who sought to exercise
this right ? As a matter of course, the remedy
by which it could be reached would be si mply
in the lower branch of Congress itself. When
the member elected came forward to give in his
credentials his election could be contested
under that other clause of the Constitution of
the United States which gives to each branch
of Congress the right to judge of the qualifica-
tions and elections of its own members, and
if improper votes were given, or if those who
were entitled under this clause in the Consti-
tution to vote had been denied the right of
voting in the State, the member presenting his
credentials, and who was elected to the other
House by the failure of those persons to vote,
would be turned out from his seat.
There is the remedy, and that remedy exists
now. It is the only remedy which in the nature
of the case ought to be allowed to the General
Government. It will be seen by looking at
other similar clauses of the Constitution and
the practice of our Government under it for
the last seventy years that there is a complete
remedy, simple and easily enforced and similar
in its character to that practised in the case
to which I have alluded. The case is even
stronger in regard to other clauses of the Con-
stitution, because while this fifteenth amend-
ment is only a negation of the power of the
State to abridge the right of citizens to vote
on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, the second section of article
one of the Constitution, which I have read, is
an affirmation that certain persons shall have
the right, and is much stronger-and ought to
carrywith it much stronger remedies.
There are other clauses in the Constitution,
as I have already said, similar to the one upon
which I am now commenting, the fifteenth
amendment:
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal,
coin money, emit bills of credit, make anything but
gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts ;
pas i any bills of attainder, ex post facto law, or law
impairing the obligation of contracts, or grant any
title of nobility."
Did it ever enter into the head of any Sen-
ator or Hepresentative or any sane man that
under the clause of the Constitution which I
have just read, containing this inhibition, Con-
gress had the right to pass penal statutes pun-
ishing individuals who might attempt to avoid
the payment of their debts under stay laws
enacted by any of the States? Certainly not.
That thing has been done over and over again.
Stay-laws have been passed by many of the
States ; and what was the result? The eases
were taken from the State courts by appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States, under
that clause of the Constitution which allows
such appeals to be taken where any constitu-
tional provision is alleged to have been vio-
lated by the State courts, and there, by the
Supreme Court, the decisions in the courts of
the States were reversed, and the laws of the
States impairing the obligation of contracts
were declared to be null and void, There is
the remedy. There was no attempt to punish,
no penal statutes, no arming of marshals or
marching the Army into the States to put down
those persons who desired to escape from the
payment of their debts in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States, under shelter
of any law impairingthc obligation of contracts
passed by any of the States. No attempt of
that kind was ever made or ever dreamed of.
This is a provision of the Constitution pre-
cisely similar in its character. The inhibition
upon the States to pass any law impairing the
obligation of contracts is of the same charac-
ter as the prohibition contained in the fifteenth
amendment of the Constitution upon the States
from passing any law to abridge the right of
persons to vote on account of race, color, or
previous condition. And the provision can be
enforced in the same manner that the old con-
stitutional provision in regard to suffrage has
heretofore been enforced, and without resort
to a measure fraught with so much danger and
obnoxious to such serious objections as this
bill.
This I think is a very fair exposition of this
matter. A complete and ample remedy may
be found by which this provision of the Con-
stitution, thefifteenthamendmentcouldbe exe-
cuted. There has been no effort, allow me to
to say, and none is pretended, on the part of
any State to deprive its citizens over whom this
security has been thrown of the right of suffrage.
Gentlemen cannot pointitout; they have locked
their lips to-night in the matter of debate, but
none of them can open them wide enough to
say that any State has attempted by law to
abridge the right of these citizens to vote. I
might pause here for an hour, or I might
pause all night, and no gentleman would rise
in his place and take the responsibility of mak-
ing such an assertion.
Where is the necessity, then, for this bill and
the previous bill of the last session? There
has been no violation of the fifteenth amend-
ment by any State in the Union and no at-
tempt to violate it.
I desire at this time to call particular atten-
tion to the fact that the fifteenth amendment
was intended, and upon its very face it shows
that it was intended, to protect the rights of
a particular class of citizens. It declares
that—
"The right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or by any State, on account of race, color or
previous condition of servitude."
Does this bill make any attempt to enforce
the rights of citizens who have been deprived
"on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude?" Under cover of the
authority in that amendment to pass laws ap-
propriate to carry out the objects of that
amendment—that is to say, to guard the rights
of those who have been denied the suffrage
''on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude"—this bill and the one
which preceded it have taken supervision over
all the elections and the right of all citizens to
vote, and declares that if any one, white or
black, shall vote fraudulently, or attempt to
vote fraudulently, or if any one, white or black,
shall be prevented from voting who is entitled
to vote, such and such punishments shall be
inflicted. Where does that right arise from ?
Certainly not under the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution. It must come from
some other clause in the Constitution. The
truth is, it is a mere pretext. The fifteenth
amendment was only to secure colored men
the right to vote; and how can the authority
to pass appropriate laws to enforce the right
of colored men to the suffrage be construed
to give power to punish white men for fraud-
ulent voting, or to punish those who prevent
or obstruct white men from voting? It is a
pretext for assuming control of the ballot-
boxes of the whole country.
There is but one State in this Union, if I
am correctly informed, that makes any dis-
crimination by its laws now against any of its
citizens in the matter of suffrage ; and when
this fifteenth amendment was under consider-
ation the Senators and Representatives from
tha,t State showed a marked jealousy in regard
to it. It is the State of Rhode Island, which
by law prohibits any foreign-born citizen from
voting unless he is the owner of a certain
quantity of land ; and there is not land enough
in the State for any large number of people to
be the owners of. [Laughter.] Any other
citizen, black or white, whether the owner of
land or not, is entitled to the right of suffrage.
This fact was well known to the Senate, well
known to the members of the House, well
known to the people of the whole country,
and was a subject of discussion in this Cham-
ber at the time the fifteenth amendment was
acted on. But the Republican party had no
especial mission to take care of and guard the
rights of our foreign-born citizens. They were
not and never have been solicitous upon that
point. On the contrary, if they had any soli-
citude at all on the subject, it was to obstruct,
delay, and prevent that class of citizens from
approaching the polls.
The State of Rhode Island is the only State
which by law discriminates against «my of its
citizens in this matter. Is this measure in-
tended to prevent the State of Rhode Island
from denying the right of suffrage to foreign-
born citizens who are not the fortunate own-
ers of some of its precious soil, when all other
of its citizens, white or black, enjoy that right
without being owners of real estate ? It is not
pretended that it has any such object or pur-
pose; and why? Because the right of the for-
eign-born citizen is not abridged " on account
of race or color or previous condition of ser-
vitude!" Will it be employed to punish by
fine or imprisonment any registrar in Rhode
Island who refuses to allow a foreign^born cit-
izen of that State who is not a land owner
from voting? No! Will it punish a registrar
of that State who violates its law and allows
such citizen to be registered? It will not,
and cannot, because such denial is not "on
account of race or color or previous condi-
tion of servitude," and such permission to
register, although in violation of the law of
Rhode Island, is not an offense against the
fifteenth amendment and cannot be reached
by a law inteijded to enforce that amendment.
The very gentleman who champions this
bill, [Mr. Conkling,] able and distinguished
as he is, brought into the Senate at the last
session a bill which would have kept one half
of our foreign-born citizens from the polls,
simply by obstructing them, delaying them,
and adding to the expense of achieving their
naturalization. That, too, was done in the
name of protection of the ballot, to protect
the ballot from fraudulent naturalization!
I have been told thatin South Carolina negro
women and children approach the polls and
vote without molestation; but we hear of no
effort on the part of that Senator, or any of
his political friends, to protect the ballot from
pollution by those who are prohibited from
voting under the law in South Carolina.
The truth of the matter is, we cannot inter-
fere in Rhode Island, or Sonth Carolina, or
anywhere else, unless the right is denied by
"the State,." and denied " on account of race,
color, or previous condition," and then the
remedy is the old one—simple, effectual, inex-
pensive, and safe; no army of supervisors,
marshals, and soldiers; no power in the Gen-
eral Government to intimidate, brow beat or
carry elections by force, uuder pretense of
giving military protection. Military protec-
tion to the ballot! As if the ballot could exist
in the presence of military power.
But I do not care to wander from the point
which I desire to put distinctly to the Senate,
that this measure is unauthorized by the Con-
stitution, unauthorized by the very amendment
to the Constitution which it seeks to enforce.
It is, in fact, at war with that amendment to
the Constitution, and as much in violation of
it as was the alien and sedition law under the
elder Adams in violation of our Constitution
as it then stood and as it now stands.
I have already adverted to the other clauses
of the Constitution similar to thisj and pointed
out the remedies which were deemed ample
and sufficient under them, and which would be
