1871.] .
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
ample under this; for what better protection
do we need to guard the right of suffrage to
the black man in election of members of Con-
gress, than the power, if any State abridged
Or denied that right, to exclude its Represent-
atives, upon proof of the fact, from the House
of Representatives? That is the remedy which
would reach the case without this enormous
expense, without this immense army of re-
tainers, without this military force, without
this evident attempt to overawe and by fraud
and violence to carry the elections in favor of
the existing Government. That remedy, sim-
ple and effectual, which has been found ample
heretofore, because it has been exercised and
has been the remedy under which for over
seventy ygars the purity of our institutions
has been maintained, is ample and sufficient
now, carrying with it no expense, involving
no usurpation of power, and taking from the
hands of the Executive the military force with
which all must see, if he is so inclined, he can
carry the elections and perpetuate his own
power against the will of the people.
•The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
has spoken at length upon the proceedings
which took place in the elections of last year
under the other enforcement act in the city of
New York and in Philadelphia. I think he
omitted to say anything about the scenes in the
South. We have all become so used to the
military in the elections at the South that we
have ceased to think or speak of it. It is as
natural as the recurring elections ; and the
appearance in our midst of the command-
ers of those troops who carried the elections,
as Senators here, is also becoming very famil-
iar to us.
Mr. AMES. Does the gentleman mean to
say that they were used in a manner not author-
ized by law ?
Mr. BLAIR. I say the law was not author-
ized by the Constitution. I presume the law
authorized the use that was made of them. I
presume the law was passed to enable the mil-
itary commanders to elect themselves if they
saw proper and appear here with commissions
signed by themselves. Certainly it had that
effect in one instance, by the interpretation put
upon it by the very men that made it; and I
am told we are to have another military com-
mander from another southern State. These
are the fruits of the laws passed by Congress
in certain of the States. Why may we not
look for similar fruits in other States? The
Senator from New York who manages this bill
has great need of assistance of this sort, and
he may think that that which has been so suc-
cessful in making Senators at the South can
be made useful in his own State.
The head of the Army was made President
by the bayonet. He never would have been
made President if the command of the Army
had not been taken from the hands of the then
President, where it was lodged by the Consti-
tution, and placed in the General's hands, in
violation of the Constitution, and exercised by
him through his subordinates throughout the
South. He elected himself by the bayonet as
much as Louis Napoleon Bonaparte accom-
plished the coup d'etat by the bayonet, and he
will use it as relentlessly in New York as he
has done in Mississippi.
The exercise of the power granted under
the enforcement act of the last session in the
city of New York was by no means a full exhi-
bition of what might have been done in New
York. The orders, which appeared on the
morning before the election, of the United
States district attorney, and which were read
by my friend from Delaware, might have been,
and could have been, executed, and will be
executed there whenever the stake is suffi-
ciently large. I have no hesitation in saying
that if the last had been a presidential elec-
tion, the State of New York could have been
made to give a Republican majority by the use
of the troops, and I believe it would have been
made to give a Republican majority by driving
the Democratic majority in the city from the
polls. I believe that this bill is now being
forced through Congress because the managers
dare not trust the incoming Congress, in order
that the President may have the power to
reelect himself, as he once elected himself,
by the bayonet. Neither the Senate, with the
accession which the Democrats will have to
their ranks after the 4th of March and the
accession of those liberal Republicans who
displace others here, nor the House of Repre-
sentatives, with its large accession of Demo-
crats, would tolerate this measure; and hence
it is thrust in, and hence it is to be carried,
because upon it hang all the hopes of this
party of maintaining themselves in power.
They are the party to talk about maintain-
ing the purity of the ballot! The Senator
from New York, the chosen champion of this
measure, is a most appropriate person to urge
this bill, he having, against the wishes of his
own people, voted to propose the fifteenth
amendment, knowing as he did that the peo-
ple of his State had decided against it. He
practically disfranchised the vast majority in
his State who voted against negro suffrage.
They were defrauded of their votes. He
might with equal propriety have denied and
abridged their right to the suffrage. He ought
to be the first to suffer under the penalties of
his own bill, for defrauding his own constitu-
ents of the right to vote against the fifteenth
amendment. In effect, their ballots were fraud-
ulently counted against their own wishes.
What does he care about the sanctity of
the ballot-box? How nearly does it touch
him, or any of those Senators who stained
their hands with a similar transaction? So far
from it, the whole work and labor of those
gentlemen is to overthrow the ballot-box and
to destroy it; to destroy it by degrading it, by
giving it to'persons who are unfit for it, who
are incapable of exercising it intelligently—
a class of men ignorant and vicious—and de-
priving the intelligent people of the South, to
whom of right it belonged under the Consti-
tution, and who can exercise it with intelli-
gence and discretion. The gentleman and his
party have thus indicated that it was their
wish to degrade the ballot, and by its degra-
dation to destroy it.
What is the net result of this Radical protec-
tion of the ballot? What sort of power have
they built up in the South by "purifying " the
ballot down there? You have "purified" it
there with a vengeance! And all over the
South what is the result? You have put in
power throughout that southern country a class
of men who have made plunder their business
and sole pursuit. Yourreconstructed State gov-
ernments are organized conspiracies against
the lives, liberties, and property of the people.
There is not a single one of those States which
is not now upon the verge of bankruptcy, all
growing out of the fact that the rulers there
are irresponsible to the people, that they were
placed in power by Congress, and are really
responsible to nobody but Congress. The
indebtedness of North Carolina has risen
$'20,000,000 since the war, treble what it was
before the war, and not one dollar of it has
been expended for the benefit of the State,
the whole of it carried away in the pockets
of a gang of speculators. Florida is in the
same condition. Every franchise in the State
of Louisiana is put to sale by the Governor.
The Governor, who went there without money
enough to buy a breakfast, now lives in a most
magnificent house and dines hundreds of men
daily at an enormous expense, showing that he
has made a very good thing out of his "ring."'
So it may be said of almost every one of these
States, that they have been plucked and plun-
dered by the irresponsible governments set up
over t£em by you, gentlemen, in your attempt
to "purify" the ballot! These people have
been put under a yoke. Those who have been
placed in power over them never had any char-
acter at home, and have less now, where they
have made their homes temporarily. That is
one of the results, and like results will accrue
to the nation at large from these measures which
are being moved now. The people throughout
the country will be trodden under foot by your
military power, and fleeced at the same time
of their wealth for the benefit of speculators.
If these gentlemen were not animated by
passion, by ambition, and the lust of power,
they would see by that which has been done
under their system at the South what we are
tending to. I come from a State which has
just escaped this thraldom, and I understand
perfectly well what lladieal rule is. A more '
shameless disfranchisement of loyal men and
of good men never took place any where in the
world than that which has existed in the State
of Missouri. It was a thoroughly arbitrary
government, in which one man appointed the
registrars, and they the supervisors, and they
the judges of election; and those men arbi-
trarily, without reason and against reason,
excluded anybody they pleased from the ballot.
The result was that in the State of Missouri,
with a population of over 1,712,000, we cast
at this last election only 167,000 votes under
confessedly the most liberal registration we
have ever had in the State since the war closed,
while Indiana, with much less population,
according to the census, cast 318,000 votes,
double the number of Missouri.
This simple fact shows that these men had
kept from the polls more than one half of the
voting population of the State by this disfran-
chisement, and in the mean time every interest
of the State had been spoliated, every railroad
that was owned by the State given away profli-
gately to radical partisans; and nothing saved
us from bankruptcy except the energy and
vitality of a great western community. We
escaped by the action of a small number of men
who had acted with the Radical party; but they
were honest enough to see that the condition
of affairs in Missouri could not endure without
the destruction of all civil liberty, and they
forgot the madness of the partisan in their
patriotism as citizens, and rose against this
malignant disfranchisement, and by the aid of
the Democratic vote, liberated the people of
the State which at the next election can and
will poll one hundred thousand majority for
the Democratic party.
I believe that the condition of affairs in Mis-
souri was a fair type of the condition of affairs
throughout the South. If anything, we were
worse off than were those States under military
rule. I would infinitely prefer to have had the
military commanders in Missouri appoint them-
selves to the Senate than the sort of man we
had here who appointed himself. Our military
Senators elected themselves by open force, and
signed their own commissions with the same
hand that wielded the sword with which it was
won ; our Missouri Senator elected himself by
a dishonorable fraud, which lacked even the
poor commendation of boldness and audacity.
But, sir, I do not desire to see in this country
that condition of affairs exist anywhere. I
desire that it may still be the boast of the
American people that they have a right to
elect and do elect their own officers. Hence,
I abhor this legislation which points to the
destruction of that right, and which, in the
hands of the persons at present in power, will
inevitably lead to the overthrow of everything
that is near and dear to an American citizen.
We must interpret the professions of these
gentlemen in favor of the ballot by their acts
in purifying the ballot up to this time. We
have seen what they are, and we know; and no
