1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1593
respects to the rale prescribed by the major-
ity. I heard this matter discussed often when
X first came into the Senate. The ground
of the rule was this: that it was never to be
presumed that a Senator would not promptly
obey a call of the Senate. During the war,
when we were trying to act under a rule
which required a majority of the whole num-
ber of Senators that might by possibility take
seats in the body, to constitute a quorum, we
were constantly without a quorum, and we
were compelled to change the rule as to a
quorum.
In reply to my repeated and persistent re-
quests to change the rule, the answer was
always by the two Senators from Vermont—I
remember very well it was from Mr. Foot—that
it was not to be presumed that any Senator,
the moment he was informed that the Senate
was without a quorum, would not attend the
session of the Senate. I tried myself to mod-
ify this rule now referred to, and introduced a
resolution to that effect, bnt it was always voted
down on the ground that the Senate would not
change the old-established ideas upon which
the Senate was founded. Finally, after two or
three years' debate, we changed the rule as to
what constituted a quorum, and that relieved
us from much of the embarrassment under
which we labored during the early part of the
war. 1 think, therefore, all that the Senate
can do now is, under the language of the rule
referred to, to request the attendance of the
absent Senators. We cannot compel their
attendance under the rule as it now stands.
Mr, CONKLING. That is so; let us vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want this mat-
ter to go by (although I know that I am wasting
time that is precious, but I shall not occupy
more than two minutes) without an observa-
tion, because, as my friend from New York
says, the pending proposition is one that every-
body agrees to be a proper one. But I re-
member that when the Committee on Rules, of
which I was a member, reported this amended,
modified, or renewed rule, whichever the case
may be, the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] who has not honored us with his attend-
ance to-night, objected to the rule as we re-
ported it, on the ground that it carried with it
an authority to compel a Senator to come in,
which he thought was very undignified, and
had never been done, and all that sort of
thing; but nevertheless we adopted it. My
ground for thinking that we have this power
is this: the rule provides that when the Sen-
ate shall convene, and there shall be less than
a quorum, "they are hereby authorized to
send the Sergeant-at-Arms, or any other per-
son or persons by them authorized, for any
and all absent Senators."
Now, I think that plainly means that when
we do convene and there is less than a quorum,
by the power of this rule, (not by the force of
any new power of less than a quorum, because
on that point the Chair is entirely right,) when
we send for a man we send to get him. We
do not send him a letter, but we send for him
in the most effective sense of the term. We
are not now convening, as has been suggested.
Somebody has made the point that the rule
only applies to when we first meet. Now turn
to the last part of the rule:
"And this rule shall apply as well to the first con-
vention of the Senate at the legal time of meeting as
to each day of the session after the hour has arrived
to which tho Senate stood adjourned."
When "after?" At anytime afterthewant
of a quorum in disclosed. I know that was
the intention of the committee who reported
this rule. I know that my honorable friend
from Illinois opposed it upon the ground that
we were giving a power to less than a quorum
that he thought they ought not to possess.
But, as I say, this is entirely outside the ques-
tion now, and I will not take up time upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is not
very clearly expressed, as the Senator will see.
The sentence that he has just read will bear
two different constructions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Almost everything can.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it seems
to me that nothing is clearer than the proposi-
tion now under discussion. In the first place,
we have the constitutional provision:
" Bach House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members, and
a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do
business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day, and may"—
m Do what? Compel the attendance of absent
members?
"maybe authorized to compel tho attendance of
absent members in such manner and under such
penalties as each House may provide."
That requires no exposition; it is plain
enough. The Senate must first make the pro-
vision, and the Senate must give the authority
to a minority of the Senate, less than a quo-
rum, to compel this attendance. That is too
clear to need any explanation.
Now, let us see how this was looked upon
by our forefathers. It is well known to every
one that the First Congress was to have met
on the 4th day of March, 1789, at New York,
but up to the 11th day of March there were
but eight members of the Senate and eighteen
of the House of Representatives. What did
they do? Attempt to compel the attendance
of the absent members? No, sir: but those
eight members of the Senate joined in a letter
to the others who were absent, imploring them
to attend, in order that the Government might
go into operation, for the Government itself
could not go into operation until there was a
quorum of both branches of the Legislature.
So, too, the members of the House joined in
a letter to the absentees of the House, begging
them, imploring them to attend; and, if my
recollection is right, I believe it was nearly
thirty days before there was a quorum of both
branches of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not until the
6th of April.
Mr. THURMAN. Thirty-two days before
there was a quorum. That is the way that pro-
vision of the Constitution was construed by
those who helped to make the Constitution—
that a mere minority had no power to compel
the attendance of absent members.
But the Senate can authorize, in the language
of the Constitution, a minority to do that thing;
and so the question is, has the Senate author-
ized it? The only rule on the subject is that
which has been read, and certainly, with great
deference to the Senator from Vermont who
has just spoken upon it, it will not bear the
interpretation he puts upon it:
"No Senator shall absent himself from the service
of the Senate without leave of the Senate first ob-
tained. And in case a less number than a quorum
of the Senate shall convene"—
Not "shall be convened; " that is not the
language; but—
"in case a less number than a quorum of the Senate
shall convene, they are hereby authorized
Using the language of the Constitution by
which the Senate may " authorize " a minority
to compel the attendance of absentees—
"tosend the Sergeant-at-Arms, or any other person
or persons by them authorized, for any or ail absont
Senators, as the majority of such Senators present
shall agree, at the oxpense of sueh absent Senators,
respectively, unless such oxcuso for non-attendance
shall be made as the Senate, when a quorum is con-
vened, shall judge sufficient, and m that case the
expense shall be paid out of tho contingent fund.
Now, what makes it perfectly plain that it
refers simply to the convening of the Senate
is the last clause of the rule :
"And this rule shall apply as well, to the first con-
vention of the Senate at the legal time of meeting,
as to each day of tho session, after tho hour has
arrived to which the Senate stood adjourned.
That perfectly excludes the idea that the rule
has any application at all except to the time
of the convening of the Senate. This rule has
been modified somewhat; but as it was origin-
ally adopted it was adopted at a very early day.
It was adopted ou the 16th of April, 1/89.
recollect some years ago, some twenty years
ago, an attempt was made in this body to
change that rule and to make it apply when-
ever the Senate was found to be without a quo-
rum, and I believe that proposition was almost
unanimously voted down. It was thought the
rule went far enough as it stood; and, in my
humble judgment, if the Sergeant-at-Arms were
to arrest a member and bring him here he would
be guilty of a trespass and subject to an action
for trespass and false imprisonment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll on the motion of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. What is the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To invite the
attendance of absent Senators.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell,
Fool, Pratt, Ramsey, Boss, Sawyer, Sherman, Stew-
art, Thayer, and Willey—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
McDonald, Nye, Rice, Robertson, Scott, Sprague,
and Thurman—11.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Pen ton,
Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harris, Hill, Howard, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Revels,
Saulsbury, Sehurz, Spencer, Stearns, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—39.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will execute the order of the Senate.
If there be no objection the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] and the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] will be
omitted. They have previously been reported
3.S sick.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move also that
Mr. Tipton be not sent for, as he is unwell.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut states that the Senator from Ne-
braska [Mr. Tipton] is sick, and he will also
be excused.
Mr. RICE. I will state that the Senator from
New York [Mr. Fenton] is out of the city on
necessary business, as he represented to me,
and requested me to pair off with him on cer-
tain questions, and I suppose he cannot be
here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If his absence
be owing to sickness, the Chair will of course
suggest that his name be omitted ; but if the
Senator from Arkansas desires to have him
excused on account of business, he will present
the question to the Senate.
Mr. RICE. I understand that he is unwell.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas states that the Senator from New
York [Mr. Fenton] is indisposed, and if there
be no objection he will be excused.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest that the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Browni.ow] should also
be excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair neg-
lected to state that the Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Brownlow] would be omitted from
the list of absentees to be sent for.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to state that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is
severely indisposed to-day, and hence was
obliged to absent himself from the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California states that the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is suffering under
severe indisposition, and if there be no objec-
tion he will also be omitted.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to state that the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schup.z] is also
U"The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] is also stated to
be unwell by the Senator from Ohio, and he
will be excused if there is no objection. The
names of the remaining Senators will be incor-
porated in the invitation of the Senate to the
absent Senators.
Mr. RICE. I should like to have the Ser-
