1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
United States bonds ; give away our right to
regulate commerce between the Slates, dis-
arm our soldiers, abolish our Navy, bind us to
declare war; they may, in short, invade every
province which, by the Constitution of the
United States, is placed within the jurisdiction
of Congress. For there are no provisions more
clear in the Constitution than those which pro-
vide that Congress shall appropriate the public
money in older that it may be legitimately
expended, and that it may deal with all these
questions which affect the occupancy of the
public domain.
What I contend is that this amendment,
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawuexce,] is strictly constitutional. In other
words, it" it is a treaty which stands in the way,
then by this decision, reported by Judge Curtis
and cited by the Attorney General, we can
repeal that treaty. But we merely say that we
do not consent that such treaties can be made.
That is one effect of it. Congress may repeal
any treaty, and its law 13 as supreme as the
treaty before the repealing statute was passed.
If thereby we offend any foreign nation, or
disturb its rights, we take the consequences,
which may even be war. But our right cannot
be contested. How much more may we refuse
to execute a treaty, if treaty there be, where it
assumes to deal with matters reserved to Con-
gress by the Constitution?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment oti'ered by Mr. Smith, of Oregon, to
strike out the words "so called" before the
word "treaties;" and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Law-
rence's amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I move to strike out the
last word, in order that I may say, that upon
the question which has been discussed I en-
tirely agree, as to one -point, with my friend
from Oregon, [Mr. Smith.] The Constitution,
as he says, gives the to President of the United
States power, with the advice and consent of
two thirds of the Senate, to make treaties, and
the treaties so made are part of the law of the
land. But beyond that there seems to me to
remain a question as to whether the agree-
ments made with these roving bands are the
treaties for which the Constitution provides;
and as to this I do not agree with my friend
ftom Oregon. It must be clear that when, the
Constitution spoke of treaties to be made by
the President, with the advice and consent of
two thirds of the Senate, ic meant treaties with
foreign nations, not with individuals, nor firms,
nor partnerships. A treaty made by the Presi-
dent, with the advice and consent of two thirds
of the Senate, with you, Mr. Chairman, or
with me, would not be a part of the law of
the land, nor of binding and constitutional
authority.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether a " treaty" could be made
with him or with me; whether a treaty does
not, mean an agreement with a foreign nation?
Mr. POTTER. The Constitution itself does
not define the meaningof the word treaty; but
if an agreement between nations be the mean-
ing of treaty, which I do not dispute, then the
question must always recur whether the agree-
ment which is brought to us as the ground of
an appropriation be a treaty, that is to say an
agreement with a nation which, according to
the understanding of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, is that which alone can be a-treaty.
Mr. MAYNARD. AVhat is a foreign na-
tion? Are not these Indian tribes foreign
nations as to this country, that is to say not
subject tn our jurisdiction?
Mr. POT' PER. That brings up this other
question ; who is so judge ultimately whether
th^ rovin? band is such a foreign nation as
ih;if jin H^reement Willi it sl)£itl I)© rcg<iif*6u
as atieaty? Are the Senate to be the ultimate
infixes of 111 i it. question oris Congress to be the
ultimate judge of it? It is to prevent the
pieciusion on the part of this House ot that
ultimate "question that the gentleman from
Massachusetts desired to insert the words
" so-called."
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Is not the
Supreme Court the proper tribunal to decide
upon the authority of the Indian tribes to make
treaties; and have they not so decided in an
uninterrupted course of decision?
Mr. POTTER. I answer that I do under-
stand the Supreme Court have held that the
Indian tribes were to be treated as the subject
of treaties; but I do not understand that their
decision ever reached such a case as the case
referred to in the debate this morning, of a
treaty with thirty-seven rdving Indians in Ore-
gon. The question, therefore, remains whether
thirty-seven savages be, or be not, snch a body
as has sufficient nationality to justify treaty-
making with it. By whom, then, shall that
question be determined ? By the Senate abso-
lutely or by Congress?
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he thinks the United States can make
atreaty with one Indian or thirty-eight Indians,
any one of whom can be arrested in his home
for stealing a sheep, and no foreign Power can
protect him?
Mr. MA YNARD. I will ask the gentleman
whether- the regulation of diplomatic inter-
course and the deciding with what people we
shall hold such intercourse is the work of Con-
gress or of the treaty-making power?
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I answer to
both gentlemen that generally it is the power
of the Senate to decide with whom' treaties
shall be made ; but'I am not willing for mjself
to say that the discretion of the Senate is so
absolute, and can extend to such extreme cases,
as that Congress may not say that this is not
a proper body or person with whom to treat;
and therefore this is not a treaty. I accord-
ingly favor the retention of the words "so-
called."
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was put upon Mr. Lawrence's
amendment; and it was agreed to—ayes eighty,
noes not counted.
The Clerk read the following:
general incidental expenses of the indian
service.
Arizona:
For the genera! incidental expense? of the Indian
service in the Territory of Arizona, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes andsustam themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, $70,030.
Mr. PROSSER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill if the ap-
propriation in the paragraph which has just
been read is an addition to the amount appro-
priated in the earlier part of the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. It is not for the same pur-
pose. The appropriation which was passed
yesterday was for the purpose of inducing the
Apaches, if possible, to stop their murderous
career. This appropriation is for the general
and incidental expenses of the service. It
applies to all the Indians throughout Arizona,
and its object is to keep up the machinery in
that Territory, and where there are no treaties
with Indians to provide them with such neces-
saries as they want.
Mr. PROSSER. Do I understand from the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sarrejjt] that
$140,000 is appropriated for the Indians in
Arizona and New Mexico?
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that to be
the exact fact. There are thirty-four thousand
Indians there. For thirty thousand Sioux In-
dians this bill appropriates, under the treaties
we have just been discussing, nearly one and
a half million dollars. This appropriation is
very small, indeed, compared with amonnts
given to the same or even a less number of
Indians in many other cases.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
the following was read :
Fur this amount to survey and allot lands in sev-
eralty to the Indians at Grande Itoude agency, Oie-
gon, who may desire and be fitted for the same, the
title thereto not to be alienated bv said Indians
without the consent of Congress, $1,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read, and to insert in lieu there-
of the following:
For this amount to survey and allot lands in sev-
eralty to the Indians at Grande Ronde agency, Ore-
gon, who may desire and be fitted fo"r the same,
under the provisions of the treaty of January 22,1855,
with the confederate bands of Indians residing in
Willamette valley, the title thereto not to be alien-
ated by said Indians without the consent of the Sec-
retary of the Interior. $4,000.
For repairs of Grande Ronde agency, $2,000.
The question was upon agreeing to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I have here a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, which will ex-
plain the amendment I have offered.
The letter is as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. 0., January 9,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a
copy of a report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, dated the 6th instant, with accompanying copy
of a letter from Hon. H. W. Corbett, recommending
the survey of the Grande Ronde reserve, and asking
that an appropriation of $7,000 be made for the pur-
pose.
I concur in the Commissioner's recommendation,
and respectfully invite the favorable consideration
of Congress to the matter.
Very respectfully, your ebedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. Jambs G. Blaine,
Spealcer of the Home of Representatives.
Department of the Interior.
Washington, D. C., January li, 1871.
Sir: Hon. H. W. Corbett, by letter of the 20th
ultimo, (copy herewith.) has called the attention
of this office to the report of the superintendent of
Indian affairs for Oregon, in which he recommends
that the Grande Ronde reserve be surveyed and
lands assigned to the heads of families and others;
and the honorable Senator from Oregon recom-
mends, for reasons stated in the above letter, that
an appropriation should be asked of Congress to
have the lands surveyed reserved for these Indians,
according to treaty stipulations.
Regarding these stipulations, I have the honor
to state that a treaty was concluded January 22,
1355, between the United States and the confeder-
ated bands of Indians residing in the Willamette
valley, (Statutes-at-Large. vol. 10, p. 1143,) wherein
provision is made that said bands of Indians be per-
mitted to remain within the limits of the country
ceded until a suitable district of country would be
designated for their permanent home. Provision is
also made in article four of the aforesaid treaty,that
"the President may, from time to time, at his dis-
cretion, cause the whole, or such portion as he may
think proper, of the tract that may hereafter be sot
apart as the permanent home of these Indians, to
be surveyed into lots, and assign thorn to such In-
dians of the confederated bands as may wish to en-
joy the privilege and locate thereon permanently,
to a single person over twenty-one years of age,
twenty acres ; to a family of two persons, forty acres;
to a family of three and not exceeding five persons,
fifty acres; to a family of six persons, and not ex-
ceeding teu, eighty acres; and t.0 each familyover
ten in number, twenty acres for each additional
three members."  
By executive order of June oO. 1S: 7, townships
five and six south, of range eight west, and parts of
townships five and six south, of range seven west,
are withdrawn from sale and entry, and set apart as
a reservation for the Indians, party to tho afore-
mentioned treaty, and I now respectfully recom-
mend that Congress may be asked for an appropria-
tion of $7,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary for the suiveyof this reserve as provided for.
Very respectfully, yo'tr obedient servant,
E. S. PAllKi/R, Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read as follows:
Washington Territory:
For tho general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Washington Territory, including insur-
ance and transportation of annuity goods^ and Pres-
ents, (where no special provision therefor is made by
treaties.) and for defraying the expenses of removal
and subsistence of Indians, (not parties to any treaty,)
and for pay of necessary employes, $24,400.
Mr. GARPIELDE, of Washington. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by striking
out the words "including insurance and trans-
portation of annuity goods and presents,
(where no special provision therefor is made
by treaties;") also by adding to the paragraph
the following:
provided. That the balance not expended as herein
provided shall be expended in the establishment of
schools stud the education of Indian children m said
Territory. *
