160
APPENDIX* TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. oi- Reps.
Claim of McGarralian—Mr. Johnson.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
professions which the gentlemen can make can
convince the country to the contrary, that the
rotten edifices of corruption built up in the
South under your laws were never erected by
men who had any idea of purifying the ballot.
It was done by men who intended by fraud and
force to destroy the ballot; who have destroyed
it in a large part of our country, and if the
institutions we once claimed as our inherit-
ance shall survive the struggle in which we
"are now engaged we will owe nothing to you
or any member of that party. They will sur-
vive because they are cherished in the heart
of hearts of the people of this country, who
mean to save them some way or other from
the tyrannical measures which you are now
proposing.
Mr. President, I did not, as I remarked when
. I rose, intend to speak against time. I know
* that the gentlemen in the majority are as
relentless as time itself. They are determined
on this measure, upon which their existence as
a party depends. They are determined to go
on violating the Constitution and building up
this arbitrary military power in the land, to
crush the States, to give this complete power,
throughout the length and breadth of the land,
by military supervision of the polls and of the
ballot-box.
The minority here, although representing as
I believe a majority of the people of this coun-
try, are helpless to prevent the passage of this
measure. We have done what we could do to
call the attention of the people of the country
to this monstrous invasion of their rights, and
it is for them to provide the remedy; and I
believe they will do it.
Claim of McGarralian.
SPEECH OP HON. J. A. JOHNSON,
OP CALIFORNIA,
I  the IIouse op Representatives,
February 20, 1871,
On the report of the Judiciary Committee on the
memorial of William McGarrahan.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, when the
act authorizing William McGarrahan to enter
the lands in controversy, in 1868, was voted
upon, I believed it to be right and supported
it. It came to the House recommended by a
Strong report from the Judiciary Committee,
a report that 1 then believed to be true in
every particular. The character of the gen-
tlemen composing that ooramittee for legal
learning and integrity compelled me to take
their report as a fair exposition of all the facts
in controversy. Since that day the case has
become one of national interest, and I have
for myself investigated every paper and every
act ot' all the parties pertaining to it; and'I
have at every step been assured of the correct-
ness of the vote 1 then gave.
I am as thoroughly convinced of the justice
and equity of the Gomez grant as I am of
any one thing on earth. As to the survey
made 1 have my doubts, however. But the
proposition does not stand in my estimation as
it did in 1868. If McGarralian had been
permitted to enter under the act then pro-
posed, he wonld.simply have taken the rights
of the United States, and third parties could
have shown prior rights and compelled a con-
veyance to them. This I then thought would
have placed the whole question with the
courts. It was the opinion of the entire legal
profession of the United States that where
parties under the preemption laws, or other
acts -of Congress, became located on the
public lands, either as farmers or miners, no
subsequent acts of Congress could deprive
them of their rights. It was thought that
one going on the public lands under an act of
Congress acquired a right of property thereto
and that a citizen could not be deprived of
his property by an act of Congress without
just compensation.
This being my opinion, (for "I read it in
more than sixty different cases decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States,") I
believed McGarrahan would take title, subject
to any better and prior claim to any of the
lands embraced within the grant. I believed
then, as everybody else believed, except Attor-
ney General Speed, that Congress could not.
destroy a citizen's right of property. And I
knew that Chief Justice Marshall had so held,
and that he had held also a settler's claim
and possession to be property. This seems
yet to be right; and so appearing to Congress,
at this present session we passed an act giving
validity to sales of preemption claims. A
preemption is absolutely property, and cannot
constitutionally be taken from the owner.
These being my views, I voted in favor of
the McGarrahan claim as against the United
States, and believed he would take title to be
tested by the courts as to third parties or
others claiming under prior acts of Congress.
While I believe MeGarrahan's claim a good
and valid one, and will so decide as between
him and the United States, I have no au-
thority under the Constitution to decide be-
tween him and other citizens. Neither do I
know or care whether he or others have the
best right, as that is a judicial question re-
served alone for the courts ; one that the Con-
stitution has wisely withheld from the legis-
lative department of the Government. If
Congress can decide this question between the
New Idria Mining Company, and the settlers,
and the railroad cotopany, on the one side,
and McGarrahan on the other, then it is a
judicial body sitting to adjudicate private
rights, and may, in its wisdom, dispense with
the courts.
I regret that there is a single Democrat to be
found in Congress who can so farA forget the
ancient traditions of the party as to vote us a
judicial body. It is a bad precedent, one cal-
culated to scandalize the true Democracy who
always stand guard to keep clean and bare the
dividing lines between the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial departments of our Govern-
ment.
Since the case was voted on, in 1868. Me-
Garrahan's relation to the Government has in
no particular been changed ; but the position
of the New Idria Mining Company has been,
and the rule of law as to the rights of all the
parties has also been changed.
This change was made by the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States in
the case of Whitney vs. Frisbie, recently de-
cided. In this case it is held, that persons
going upon the public lands, under an act of
Congress authorizing them to do so, can be
deprived of whatever rights they acquire by a
subsequent act of Congress, unless they have
paid the money for their claims. That case
seems to have had a double purpose, namely,
to deprive the " Soscol" settlers, and others
similarly situated, of their property, and to
hedge in and support the New Idria Mining
Company's title; for that company had then
paid the entrance fee at the land office for
its claims. In the very case then in review
Mr. Whitney had tried to make payment, and
had been prevented by the fraudulent acts and
directions of the land department.
I think the court erred in both directions.
First, it erred in holding that Congress could
take one man's preemption and give it to
another; and secondly, it erred in holding the
payment of an entrance fee to be a finality a!
to title, if it has really gone to this extent. ]
cannot support the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] for that would
be a destruction of all private rights, MeGar-
rahan's and all, except the New Idria Mining
Company's, which the Supreme Court says
we cannot destroy, as that company has paid
its money. The amendment is as follows:
Be it resolved, &c.. That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause the tract of land situate m the
State of California, known as the Panoche Grande,
to be surveyed and exposed to public sale in whole
or in such quantities as he may deem best for the
public interests, and that the proceeds of such sale
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States:
Provided, That the rights of .individual settlers, not
including corporations, onsaid land,under tbenome-
stead and preemption laws of the United States, shall
not be affected by the passage of this resolution#
I do not believe we can destroy that com-
pany's rights; whatever those rights may be;
however, is a question to be determined by a
court of justice, andnotby the Congress of the
United States. „
I cannot vote for Mr. Bingham's proposition
to tamper with the record of the land office,
although I believe that record has been most
foully dealt with heretofore to MeGarrahan's
injury. The amendment is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Americain Gonaress assembled.
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby
is, directed to cause the record on pages 312 to 321.
inclusive, in volume four of *' California Land
Claims." of the patent of a tract of land known as
the "Panoche Grande," as set forth therein, to be
transcribed into the records as the same stood on
the record book of the General Land Office at the
time it was examined, without any mutilation or
erasure whatever, so that the legal effect of the rec-
ord so transcribed shall be the same as if the original
record had never been interfered with or mutilated;
and when such record shall have been so made, as
herein provided, it shall be marked " examined," as
it was originally marked. And the President of the
United States is hereby authorized and required to
do in the premises whatever may in his judgment
be just and equitable, without regard to any action
or proceeding had subsequent to the 14th day of
March, 1863, the date of the patent recorded.
The way the case is put by the gentleman
it is made obligatory on the President to issue
a patent to McGarrahan, and no other con-
struction can be placed upon his resolution.
If I am mistaken in this, and the President
has discretionary power given him, then that
power is judicial in its nature, and its exercise
would be a dangerous violation of the Consti-
tution. Congress can neither exercise judicial
functions nor confer the power to do so upon
the President of the United States.
I have no doubt whatever but the record of
the Land Office was mutilated, with the fraud-
ulent intent of injuring MeGarrahan's case;
but I do not believe the Congress has any more
right to change an old record involving private
rights than it has to make new records destroy-
ing private rights. As to whether the record
has been mutilated, as I believe it has, is a
question in controversy, asserted by McGarra-
han and his friends in and out of Congress,
and denied by the officers of the Land Office,
the New Idria Mining Company, and its friends
in and out of Congress. This being the case,
and the rights of all the parties being involved,
it becomes a serious question for judicial set-
tlement, and cannot rightfully be settled by
Congress.
It is loudly asserted that the Supreme Court
of the United States was imposed upon by
a false and fraudulent record, and that the
court really had no jurisdiction because of
the lapse of time, and that therefore its decis-
ion against McGarrahan should be treated as
void. I am of opinion that the court was
imposed upon, cheated, and that the record of
the case upon which it was tried was a forgery
and a fraud ; but we are not a judicial tribu-
nal to set aside decisions of the Supremo
Court. If we can set aside decisions we can
order decisions or make decisions. When that
case was before Congress in 1868 Mr. Wilson,
who reported the bill for McGarrahan, dis-
tinctly stated that we could not, by a legisla-
tive act, reverse the decision of the Supreme
Court. That he might not seem to intend
auything of the kind, he proposed in the bill
presented that McGarrahan should enter the
