1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
to be paid to these Indians, whether it would
not be legitimateand proper to offer as an
amendment to this appropriation bill a pro-
vision that the money should be paid ? That
question can be answered only in one way;
and that is in the affirmative. Here is the
highest law of the land, which requires this
money to be paid, and that is a treaty between
the United States Government and the Indian
tribe. Why, sir, the Constitution itself says
that treaties shall be the supreme law of the
laud. The Supreme Court has decided in in-
numerable cases that a treaty is the supreme
law of the land, and as such has all the obli-
fitions that an act of Congress has. I never
eard the position"controverted before; but it
seems that we are getting new light and estab-
lishing new principles every day in these times,
from day to day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With the
permission of the Senator from Kentucky the
Chair will state that the point of order is sus-
tained under the last clause of this rule, which
provides that—
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation bills
shall be referred to the said committee."
This clause refers to all the cases provided
for in the first part of the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair is just as much mis-
taken, in my judgment, in its enunciation last
as first. In the first place this is not an amend-
ment reported by a committee ; it is offered
independently of a committee. But, sir, the
rule is to be taken altogether. It is not an
appropriation of money, either; it is just the
payment of a trust fund due to the Indian
nation by an express treaty for a valuable con-
sideration. This nation of Indians ceded a
large body of land to the United State3 Gov-
ernment in trust. The United States Govern-
ment in that treaty undertook to sell the land,
to reimburse itself for all the cost of the sale
of land, and to hold the net produce of the sale
of the land in trust for the Indian tribe. The
object of this provision is a simple execution
of that trust by having the money that the
United States Government holds as trustee
for the Indians invested in conformity to the
provisions of the treaty.
In my judgment the Chair mutilates the
rule. It takes from a branch of the rule and
gives its judgment, overruling the regularity
and the order of the proposition simply on
one branch of the rule. The Chair must
take the whole rule together, and where there
are different members of a rule that seem to
be in conflict its duty is to reconcile them;
and if that universal mode of interpreting law
is adopted by the Chair the amendment is
unquestionably in order. I maintain that the
proposition which I move as an amendment is
not proscribed or condemned by the rule when
the whole rule is taken together; and there-
fore I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?''
Mr. DAVIS. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I shall vote to sustain
the ruling of the Chair for a reason in addi-
tion to that assigned by the Chair itself. The
first provision of this rule, among other things,
is to the effect that no amendment shall be
received whose object is to provide for an
existing claim unless it be lo carry out the
provisions of a subsisting law or treaty stipu-
lation. I deny that in point of fact this is
any such amendment as that. I deny that it
does carry out any existing law or treaty stip-
ulation ; and therefore I say it is obnoxious to
another branch of the rule.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Buck-
ingham. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling. Cor-
bett. Edmnnds, Flanagan. Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris,
Howard, Howe. Howell. Morrill of Vermont. Nye,
Of born, PoolRobertson, Scott, Spencer, Trumbull,
Willey. and Wilson—27.
NAYS.—Messrs, Crasin, Davis, Fowler, Harlan,
Johnston, McDonald, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Ross,
Sawyer. Spragno, Stearns, and Thayer —14.
ABSENT.— Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Casserly. Cattell, Fenton,
Ferry. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, MeCreery, Morrill of Maine,
jglorton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Revels, Saulsbury,
Schurz,' Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Tickers, Warner, Williams, and
Yates—32.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the Indian
reservation set apart for the confederated bands of
Pimo and Maricopa Indians, in the Territory of Ari-
zona, be, and the same is hereby, enlarged and ex-
tended so as to include eighty-one thousand one hun-
dred and forty and sixteen hundredths acres, defined
by thesurvey of Lieutenant Richard H. Savage, of the
corps of engineersof theUnited States Army, in addi-
tion to the present reservation of sixty-four thousand
acres, which survey, with a map and description of
the bearinas and boundaries of the same, was trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, ander
date of August 18,1870, by George L. Andrews, lieu-
tenant colonel United States Army and superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in the Territory of Arizona;
and that the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay, from any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$30,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
settle and pay for improvements made by twenty-
five settlers now on lands included in the within-
described survey, a detailed report of which was
made by Captain F. IS. Grossman, of the United
States Army and special Indian agent, which report
was transmitted with the survey to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs by the within-named George L.
Andrews.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out all
that part of the amendment which makes an
appropriation. I do not remember where the
phraseology begins; the Clerk will see.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa moves to amend the proposed
amendment by striking out the appropriation.
Mr. HARLAN. I think we ought to author-
ize the extension of the boundaries of this res-
ervation ; the lands will be needed.
Mr. NYE. Will not that give rise to an
appropriation next year?
Mr. HARLAN. If it so should turn out that
there ought to be an appropriation made, we
can have time to examine it and make it then.
There is no doubt about the propriety of the
extension of the reservation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The amendment of
the Senator from Iowa is to strike out all after
the word "Arizona" in the fourteenth line.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be reported. I do
not understand it.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be stricken out, as follows:
And that the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he is hereby, authorized to pay, from any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $30,000, er so much thereof as may be necessary, to
settle and pay for improvements ma.de by twenty-
five settlers now on lands included in tlie within-
described survey, a detailed report of which was
made by Captain F. E. Grossman, of the United
States Army and special Indian agent, which report
was transmitted with the survey to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs by the within-named George L.
Andrews.
Mr. COLE. I think I must move to lay
that on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senator
will hear an explanation of it first.
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I hope he will hear an
explanation on the other side. I happen to
know something about that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw the motion?
Mr. COLE. I will, for the mover to make
an explanation of his amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will simply state
that there has been set apart in Arizona for
these tribes of Indians a reservation of sixty-
four thousand acres. The Iuterior Depart-
ment and the Indian Bureau are perfectly
satisfied on inquiry and investigation, from
reports which have been made, that this tract
is not large enough for agricultural purposes,
or for pasturage connected with these tiihes
of Indians, therefore, .the Secretary of the
Interior ordered a survey of lands adjoining
this reservation. That survey was made by
an officer of the engineer corps. A report of
that survey has been made, with a map, and
that report covers eighty-one thousand one
hundred and forty acres, in addition to the
sixty-four thousand which are already, set apart
there. The Secretary of the Interior and all
in the Department are of opinion that this is
essential, that it is necessary.
Then, in regard to the rest of the amend-
ment, I will say simply that there are twenty-
five Mexicans and Americans on the territory
which has been surveyed. There is a particu-
lar account given of each man and of the im-
provements of each man ; and in the estimation
of the Secretary of the Interior it will require
that amount to extinguish the title or pay for
the improvements on these lands.
Mr. STEWART. I happen to know some-
.thing about this, and I do not think there was
ever a greater outrage committed by the De-
partment, after men had settled on this land
in good faith, and the Indians had plenty of
land besides, to enlarge the reservation and
take in the settlements.
The people of Arizona are punished more
severely by this Government than any other
people. They are not allowed to fight the In-
dians on their own account, and the soldiers
will not fight them for them. One half the
population have already been murdered. Here
are a few who have got on farms, and on ac
count of some caprice the Indian reservation
has been enlarged. A more atrocious thing I
never heard of. I have had letters from most
of the people settled there. I know many
that are settled there. This land was surveyed
after they had gone there and fought for years
to maintain a precarious subsistence, the best
they could. Their land which they had dedi-
cated to civilization is to be dedicated to bar-
barism when there is plenty of territory dedi-
cated already to the scalping knife and to
barbarism. I move to lay the amendment on
the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Nevada is not debatable.
The motion is that the amendment be laid on
the table.'
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 10.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment as a separate section :
Sec.—. And beit further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior be authorized, and he is hereby
directed, to issue patents in fee-simple to thirty-two
individuals, or to their heirs, to whom certificates
of allotment of lands in Kansas were issued on the
14th day of September, 1860, in accordance with pro-
visions made for the removal of the Six Nations of
New York Indians west of the Mississippi, by the
treaty of Buffalo creek, concluded January 15. 1838.
Mr. STEWART. I move to lay that amend-
ment on the table. It is legislation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw the motion
for an explanation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will make a very
brief statement. By a treaty with these Indians
at Buffalo creek, made January 15, 1838, pro-
vision was made for ths removal of the Six
Nations, or any part of them, to Kansas, and
that treaty provided that they should have in
fee-simple three hundred and twenty acres of
land each. By treaty with the Senecas in 1842,
it was provided that any member of the New
York Indians should be entitled to the benefits
of the previous treaty. By treaty made_ with
the Tonawanda band of Senecas in 1857, it
was agreed that they should have in fee-simple
three hundred and twenty acres each. A sur-
vey was made afterward aud an allotment made
to certain Indians. As late as 1859, instruc-
tions were given to take a census ol all enti-
tled to allotments, and under that census
a number received certificates of allotment
but not patents. Thirty-two individuals were
