1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Department of the Jxteeior,
Oitice op Indian Affairs,
Washington, d, C., January 25,1871.
Sir.: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt,
by reference, from your department of two letters
from the honorable Secretary of War, dated the 11th
and iGth instant, inclosing copies of telegraphic
reports from Brigadier General 0. C. Augur, com-
manding department of the Platte: the first re-
porting the destitute and starving condition of the
Indians at Fort Laramie, Wyoming Territory, and
the latter concerning tbe necessity of supplying food
at once to the destitute bands of Sioux Indians
under lied Cloud and other chiefs.
There can be no doubt of the suffering condition
of the^e Indians, as set forth in the papers referred
lo, and of the necessity of supplying food at once to
relieve their destitution and prevent starvation
among them. At the time the general estimate.of
this office for the present fiscal year was made up
and submitted to Congress, Red Cloud's band was
uu: taken into consideration; the items embraced
therein for the Sioux of different tribes wereforsueh
members thereof as remain at the several agencies
on the Missouri river, and for those who are con-
tinually traveling to and from said agencies; hcnce
there are no funds now on band that can be used for
purchasing subsistence for the Indians referred to
m swd report?.
Since Red Cloud'? visit to this city last year he
has kept his band auiet and peaceable. No reports
have been received at this office that depredations
against the whites have been committed by any of
tho members thereof; and in view of this fact, and
that they may have no eause for depredating, tbe
Government should provide for their wants and
relieve their present suffering condition.
The tenth article treaty of April 29. JKGS, with the
Sioux, provides that they shall be entitled to receive
from the United States one pound of beef and one
pound of flour per day; they should also be sup-
plied with a small quantity of sugar and coffee. The
number that will bcrequired to be cared for is about
forty-five hundred souls, and it wili take about one
hundred and sixty-fivo thousand dollars to relieve
their present necessities and to subsist them to the
1st of July next, or about one hundred thousand
dollars to subsist them for three months. I respect-
fully recommend th at the larger amount be provided,
and that, the matter belaid before Congress, with the
view of having the necessary funds appropriated at
an early day. Copies of the papers referred to are
herewith inclosed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
13. S. PARKER, Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. SARGENT. These officers of the Gov-
ernment insist upon the absolute necessity, in
order to avoid an Indian war, that this appro-
priation shall be made and temporary relief
afforded to Red Cloud and his band, who, as I
have said, are in a starving condition,
I have here the telegram referred to in the
papers just read, together with the indorse-
ment of General Sherman.
The Clerk read as follows:
western uxion telesr w>h, _
Wak Department, January 13,18T1.
(By telegraph from Omaha, Sebrasta, January
13, 1871.,)
To Adjutant General, United Stales Army:
The following dispatch just received from Fort
Fetterman: „ , ... ,
General C C. AroFE: Bed Cloud is here, and says
that the Sioux are sufferingfor want of food, 'there
are five hundred lodges, and he desires rations tar-
nished them at Nine-Mile Ranch, this side of b ort
Laramie. He says there are about two hundred and
fifty lodges that will not be in for two months ; the
others need food now. He wishes this request sent
to the Commissioner. Ho wants to know if the
rations will be furnished. a fl> AtrauBi
Brigadier General eoMmanding.
Alex. Chambers.
Major Fourth Injantry, commanding.
Adjutant General's Office.
Washington, January 14,18il.
E. I). TOWXSEND,
Adjutant General.
Official copy:
IlEADQrAETEKS of the army,
Washington, !)• c., january 14, ibu.
Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War
for reference to the Indian Bureau, flo ha\o not
enough supplies at Laramie or Fetterman jorthc. e
[ndians, and the distance from Union I acific rail
roud to Nine-Mile Ranch is about one hundred and
fortv-five miles, and will .take ten dajs hauling,
woather there also is at this scascn at the very worst.
AT. X. SHERMAN, General.
Mr. SARGENT. Then,' there not being an
immediate-^response, the Secretary of Var
wrote tho following letter, communicating
father telegraphic dispatches. I as>* that
they be read.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 49.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department.
Washington City, January 16,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose a farther tele-
graphic report from the commander of the depart-
ment of the Platte, concerning the necessity of sup-
plying- food at once to the destitute bands of Sioux
Indians, under Red Cloud and other chiefs, now
coming into the military posts in that department,
and to invite your attention to the accompanying
remarks of the General of the Army thereupon.
Be pleased to communicate to this Department
the measures adopted by the Department of the
Interior to meet the seeming emergency.
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
The honorable the Secretary op the Interior.
War Department,
Washington, January 11,1871.
Sir: The accompanying copy of a telegram from
the commander of the department of the Platte,
reporting thedestitute and starving condition of the
Indians at Fort Laramie, Wyoming Territory, is
furnished in the hope that the immediate attention
of the Indian Bureau may be given to such an import-
ant matter.
Veryrespectfully, yourobedient servant,
ATM. AT. BELIvNAP,
Secretary of War. i
The honorable the Secretary of the Interior.
[Copy of telegram.]
Western TJnton Telegraph,
War Department, January 11,1871.
(By telegraph from Omaha. Nebraska, January 11,
1871.)
To Adjutant General United States Army:
Commanding officer Fort Laramie telegraphs that
large numbers of Indians are coming in entirely des-
titute and starving. Say they must be fed at once
or they will begin stealing. Ho recommends limited
issue of ammunition forsmall game, in which I con-
cur. Indian department should send agent imme-
diately to feed these people unless they want a war.
ColonelFlint's dispatch too longfortelegraph. Send
it by mail. He is making small issues to Indians.
C. 0. AUGUR,
Brigadier General Commanding.
°ffiCial 1 E. D. TOWNSEND.
Adjutant Generah
Mr. SARGENT. I have further documents
from Secretary Belknap insisting on the neces-
sity of this appropriation in order to keep
down a war with these Indians. The very
moment a war bursts outwiththe Upper Sipux
band3 on account of our not having provisions
at points where we should have them under
those treaties with the in, the Government will
be compelled to exert its military power, and
then, instead of a question of S165,000, it will
be a question of one or two million dollars,
or three times that amount.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Idesire
a little further information before the House
votes on this amendment. I should like to
know how much was voted last winter in the
appropriation bill for these Sioux Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. I can tell the gentleman
generally what the amount was.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. AH I
want is an approximate estimate.
Mr. SARGENT. For this purpose there
was something like eight hundred thousand
dollars. The estimate was based, as nearly
as I remember, on eighteen thousand souls.
I may be mistaken as to the precise number;
it may have been twenty thousand. But the
Sioux of Red Cloud had not come in upon
reservations, and were not included in that
estimate. They were unwilling to come into
any reservations which were set aside by the
Government for that purpose. And this was
one of the questions which were considered
when Red Cloud was here last year in Wash-
| ino-fon. The Department agreed that they
' would set him aside a reservation further up
the river, as I understand, at any rate at a
point which was satisfactory to him. And the
'Government' was to make direct provision for
the Sioux who did not go to the other reserv-
ations. Red Cloud, in accordance with that
promise, has now come in with these four or
five thousand of his braves, and has asked
that these provisions be furnished, -tie is
compelled thereto by the very severe winter
which has overtaken him. Buty as the letter
from the Secretary of the Interior truthfully
says, since that arrangement with Red Cloud
was made, and^ since the Government has
shown a disposition to preserve a good under-
standing with the Sioux, there has been no
tendency to aggression manifested on their
part. And it would be the worst folly on the
part of Congress if, for want of a small appro-
priation like this, they should allow the flames
of war to be kindled up again by these power-
ful bands of Sioux warriors.
The question being taken on Mr. Sargent's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I also move tbe following
as an amendment, to come in after line sixteen
hundred and fifty-one:
For this amount, to carry on the work of instruct-
ing and aiding the Indians of the central superin-
tendency in the arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, $40,000, or so
much thereof as may be deemed necessary.
In support of this amendment I submit the
following correspondence:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., January 21.1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter dated the 16th instant, from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, together with the papers
therein referred to. forwarded by John B. Garrett,
clerk of the associated executive committee of
Friends, asking for an additional appropriation of
$40,000, for instructing and aiding thelndiansof the
central superintendency in the arts of civilization,
with a view to their self-support.
The attention of Congress is respectfully invited
to the subject, and favorable action thereon recom-
mended.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Department of tiie Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
"Washington, D. C., January 16,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith two
copies of a letter and an estimate, submitted to this
office by John B. Garrett, clerk of the associated
executive committee of Friends on Indian affairs,
calling attention to the appropriation made by Con-
gress at its last session for instructing and aiding the
Indians of the central superintendency in the arts
of civilization, with a view to their self-support, and
stating that for the further successful prosecution of
the work they will require an additional appropria-
tion for the next fiscal year, and submitting an appli-
cation for an appropriation of $40,000, to be divided
among the Indian, tribes of the central superintend-
ency, as shown by their estimate. .
Their estimate meets with the approval of this
office, and I respectfully recommend that the papers
be submitted to Congress for its action in the prem-
ises.
Verv respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. R. CLTJM,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Columbus Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Washington, D. C., lsf MonthlOth, 1871.
The liberality of Congress at its last session made
provision, during the present fiscal year, "for the
work of instructing and aiding the Indians or^tne
central superintendency in the arts of civilization,
with a view to their self-support." The further
successful prosecution of this work will require an
additional appropriation for the fiscal year next
succeeding. We desire, therefore, in the behalf oi
the associated executive committee of Friends on
Indian affairs, to make application to the present
Congress for an appropriation of $40,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be expended, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, for
educational and general civilizing and beneficent
purposes among the Indians of the central super
intendeney.' ... .
Hoping that this application may meet thy ap-
proval, indorsement, and recommendation, we are
thy friends, £ GARRETT
Clerk of As#' d Ex. Com. of Friends on Indian Affairs.
WM. NICHOLSON.
General Agent of said Committee.
General E. S. Pabksr,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The amount appropriated for the same pur-
pose last year was $60,000.
The question being put on Mr. Sakgent s
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I also offer the following
amendment, to come in after line sixteen hun-
dred and fifty-one.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to defray the expenses of delegations of Indians,
visiting the city of Washington
United States, subsequently   the 1st day of Jan-
