162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Senate.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
common law. (Co. Lit., 8 a, 129 «,* 2Ves., sen., 286; 2
Bl.Oom., 293,) and in the minds of those who con-
curred in framing and adopting the Constitution.
It was in this sense of conferring on an alien and
his i&pue the rights and powers of a native-born cit-
izen that itWiis employed in the Declaration of In-
dependwe. It was in this sense it was expounded
in tho Federalist. (No. 42;) has been understood by
Congress, bv the judiciary, (2 Wheat.* 259, 269; 3
Wash. R., 313.322; 12 Wheat.. 277,)*nd by comment-
ators on the Constitution, (3 Story's Com. on Con.,
lt3; lRuvle on Cou., 84,88; 1 Tucker's Bl. Corn.,
APP.. 255-259.) .
"It appears, then, that the only power expressly
granted to Congress to legislate concerning citizen-
ship i* confined to the removal of the disabilities of
foreign birth."
And on the following page we find this :
"Among the powers unquestionably possessed
by tho several States was that of determining what
persons should and what persons should not be citi-
zens. It was practicable to confer on the Govern-
ment ot the Union this entire power. It embraced
Thatmny, well enough for the purpose now in view,
be divided into three parts:
"i'i.'st. The power to remove the disabilities of
alienage, either by special acts in reference to each
individual case, or by establishing a rule of natural-
ization to be administered and applied by thecourts.
" Second. Determining what persons should enjoy
the privileges of citizenship in respect to the internal
affairs of the several States.
" Third. Wbatnntive-bornpersonssnouldbe citi-
Bens of the United States.
"Tiie first-named power, that of establishing a
uniform rule of naturalization, was granted, and
here the grant, according to its terms, stopped.
Construing a Constitution containing only limited
and defined powers of government, the argument
derived from this definite and restricted power to
establish a rule of naturalization must be admitted
to he exceedingly strong, t do not say it is neces-
sarily decisive. It might be controlled by other
parts ol tile Constitution. Bat when this particular
subject of citizenship was under consideration, and
in I lie clause specially intended to define the extent
of power cuncorning it, we find a particular part of
this eutiro power separated from tho residue and
conferred on the General Government, there arises a
strong presumption that this is all which is granted
and that the residue is felt to the States and to the
people. And this presumption is, in ms; opinion.
Converted into a certainty by an examination of ail
otfwn- such clauses of the Constitution as touch this
subject."
Here, then, iathe opinion of this profound
jurist and admitted master of his profession,
forcibly and positively expressed, that the
power of the United States over the question
of citizenship of its people begins and ends
■with ihe capacity to relieve persons of for-
eign birth from the disabilities accruing from
alienage.
Why, sir, how absurd in Congress to pass
laws which shall be efficient in one State and
not in another, laws which shall not be uni-
form, which shall he hedged in as to their
operation by State jurisdiction, and then say
that such u power can be derived from the
General Government of the whole country 1
Why, sir, in most of the States of the West,
men are permitted to vote who have never
been naturalized. A mere declaration of in-
tention and a very limited residence entitle
men to vote, 1 believe, in eleven States in this
Union. There are others-where naturalization
ji> a prerequisite, a qualification for voting.
That, therefore, which would be lawful in Ohio
or Indiana would be an offense against the
laws of my State, but not against the laws of
the United States. There is the State of Rhode
Island. Not only do they require a man shall
be naturalized, but they discriminate against
him after that and impose upon him an addi-
tional qualification, so that a naturalized citi-
zen shall not vote there except with superadded
disabilities and qualifications under their con-
stitution. That is the condition of iihode
Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator say
that is unconstitutional ?
Mr. BAYARD. Not in the least. I said
the constitution of Rhode Island provides that
awiiite man there is not equal to negroes if he
happens to have been born out of the United
Slates; that La Payette could have lived there
til! now, and if he happened to be poor and
bad not the requisite amount of property he
eouid never have voted under the constitution
of Rhode Island; and no act of Congress could
have enabled him to vote there. .
Therefore, sir, I say that under the pretense
of amending the naturalization law by impos-
ing new penalties for obtaining false natural-
ization papers, which i think Congress in per-
fectly competent to pass, Congress has sought
to control the question of voting by people who
may or may not have been naturalized. Could
there be a stronger illustration of the folly and
the absolute unconstitutionality of this law of
Congress than to 3how you that a man can
vote in the western States despite your law,
that it cannot affect him there, but that when
he comes into one of the eastern States, then
your law may be operative upon him ?
Sir, the whole question of the right to vote
in the several States is a thing with which
Congress have nothing on God's earth to
do. It is a simple usurpation .for them to
attempt to interfere with it under the guise of
regulating naturalization, which is their only
power in connection with citizenship. They
have that, they have no more, and I have
given yoa high authority on that subject. The
truth is, it is but another of the attempts con-
stantly, and I say with sorrow successfully,
made by the Congress of the United States to
consolidate all the powers of the States and
coordinate branches of this Government into
their hands, and this by color of such laws as
I am now discussing.
Againstthis disposition to engross all power
by Congress the people of this country were
long ago warned. James Madison, who prob-
ably threw more light upon the meaning of
our constitution of government than any man
who ever lived under it, in the forty-seventh
number of the Federalist gave his fellow-coun-
trymen distinct warning on this subject:
"lVill it be sufficient to mark with precision the
boundaries of these departments in the constitution
of the Government, and to trust to these parchment
barriers against the encroaching spirit of power?
This is the security which appears to have been
principally relied on by the compilers of most ot the
Ameiiean constitutions. But experience assures us
that the efficacy of the provision has been greatly
overrated; and that some more adequate defense is
indispensably necessary tor the more feeble against
the more powerful members of tho Government.
The legislative department is everywhere extend-
ing the sphere of its activity, and drawing all power
into its impetuous vortex."
And, speakingof the foundersof our Repub-
lic, he declares that—
"They seem never to have recollected the danger
from legislative usurpation, which, by assembling
all power in the same hands, must lead to the same
tyranny as is threatened by usurpations."
And he further warns the people that—
"As the legislative department alone has access
to the pockets of the people, and has in some con-
stitutions full discretion, and in all a prevailing in-
fluence, over the pecuniary rewards of those who
fill the other departments, a dependence is thus
created in the latter which gives still greater facility
to encroachments of the former."
Now, sir, step by step we have seen his worst
fears realized. The prerogatives of the Execu-
tive have been invaded; the {treat power of
pardon, so essential to peace and Christian
civilization, has been invaded, and in effect
stripped from him by your test oaths and your
imposition of political disabilities. This was
demonstrated happily and ably by an honor-
able Senator on the floor of this body, and yet
whose votes to-night have been in strange con-
tradiction to the professions of principle which
he so eloquently made the other day. I refer
to the honorable Senator front Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter.]
The methods, however, by which your most
dangerous steps have been accomplished have
been under the plea of military necessity. We
have had a dreadful war, lasting some four
years, in our country. The people became
accustomed to violence and the use of the
military as a means qf government. They
believed, having the example of Washington
before them, that when the war was over the
powers which were required to be temporarily
invested in Government officials would be laid
aside with the emergency, and that the indi-
vidual who at one time governed iiis country
through the force of its armies would become
the simple citizen, obedient to the laws which
those armies were called into existence only to
maintain.
But, sir, it is now six years since the last
gun was fired, six years since the last man in
arms on this continent against the Govern-
ment of the United States surrendered all pre-
tense of force or opposition to the laws of the
land. For six years the weakest and feeblest
of your civil officers, either State or Federal,
has been able to serve legal process without
molestation in any part of the United States.
Where then do you derive the power at will,
without pretext of authority and in the absence
of any actual necessity, promptly on every oc-
casion to call in your Army to enforce your
laws without any attempt having been made
forcibly to resist their execution ? Where do
you obtain such an authority ? If 1 look for
it in the Constitution I can find nothing ap-
proaching it except in the eighth section of
the first article and what is that? It gives to
Congress the power—
'* To provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the Uws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions; to provide for organizing, arming,
and disciplining the militia, and for governing such
part of them as may bo employed in the service of
the United States, reserving to the States respec-
tively the appointment of the officers and the au-
thority of training the militia according to the
discipline prescribed by Congress."
Such is the only military force authorized to
be used in order to execute the laws of the
Union. It is the militia of the States; it is
not your Army and your Navy. The framers
of the Constitution intended that there should
be an armed power which, in cases of neces-
sity, could be called into service by the General
Government, and used for the purpose of en-
forcing the laws ; but they were veiy careful to
say that Congress should not officer that mili-
tia, but that it should be done by the States
themselves ; and that when you called this force
so organized into service, then, and not until
then, the laws of the Union could be executed
by their aid, if it were necessary.
Mr. President, military power is a very dan-
gerous thing. It is always dangerous; it is
simple force as distinguished from the laws of
reason or from law of any kind. The saying,
" inter arma silent leges," shows you that the
two cannot exist together; that where arms en-
ter, the laws are silent and their voice is hushed;
that the voice of the judge or lawgiver cannot
be heard amid the booming of cannon. And
we have had sad examples of this old truth
in the past ten years of our history. The
two can have no equal place together in a
well-governed country. The military must be
subordinate to the civil power. You cannot
execute your laws properly by military force
unless you studiously and rigidly subordinate
that force to the control of law. But, sir,
military rule has also some advantages. There
is a precision and simplicity about it; it is free
from many of those technicalities that some-
times bring law into disrespect; and soldiers
possess those virtues which find their way most
quickly to the human heart. They have frank-
ness, magnanimity, and courage ; they have the
hardy Spartan virtues, and some others not
known to that country ; for the people of this
country well know that—
"The bravest are the tenderest,
The loving are the darmff."
These attributes of the soldier give him a place
in the hearts of his fellow-men that makes his
rule loved and admired by them, even though
they may question the methods by which it is
exercised. Civil officers attest their official
acts by oaths; the soldier certifies "on honor."
What but the belief that the present Pres-
