770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
uary, 1871, and to purchase presents for the members
thereof out of tbe amount remaining unexpended on
the 31st day of December. 1870. of the sum of $50,000,
appropriated by resolution 110, entitled **A resolu-
tion to pay expenses of delegations of Indians visit-
ing the city of Washington/' approved July 13,1870;
and the paragraph of the act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipula'ions with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes,"
approved July 15,1870, which is'as follows, namely:
"for this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary for the subsistence of Navajo Indians in
New Mexico for the year ending June 30,1870, to be
expended under the' direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $75,000," is hereby amended by striking
out "1870," and inserting in lieu thereof" 1871,"
Mr. SARGENT. This is merely to correct
a difficulty arising from the fact that the last
Indian appropriation bill passed after the com-
mencement of the fiscal year. The propriety
of the amendment is shown by the following
communications from the Interior Depart-
ment:
Department op tiie Interior,
Washington, D. C.. December 19,1870.
Sir : I have the hon or to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication, dated the 8th instant, from the
acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and the ac-
companying form of a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to use certain funds
appropriated by joint resolution to defray the ex-
penses of delegations of Indians visiting the city of
Washington, approved July 13, 1870.
I respectfully commend the subject to the favor-
able consideration of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. T. OTTO,
Acting Secretary.
ilon. James Q. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representative*.
Department of thk Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., December 8,1870.
Sir: Referring to joint resolution, approved July
13, 1S70, as follows: "that there be appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sutu of £50.000 to enable the See-
rotary of the Interior to defray the expenses of
delegations of Indians visiting Washington, and to
purchase presents for the membeis thereof, in the
yejir 1870," I have the honor to say that a very small
proportion of the appropriation was used within the
time prescribed by law, and as delegations have
made application to visit Washington, and will prob-
ably be permitted to do so, the whole amount, or
a groat proportion of the balance now on hand,
$38,61-4 23, will be required by this department. I
have prepared a joint resolution, which is herewith
inclosed, to be submitted to Congress if it nmS'ets with
your concurrence, in order that the requirements of
section five of the act making appropriations for
the judiciary may bo obviated, under which all un-
expended balances are required to be carried to the
mu plus fund, &c„ and that the balance, $38,614 23,
may bo placed to the credit of this department, to
be used for defraying expenses of delegations sub-
sequent to the 1st day of January, 1871.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
. II. R. CLUM,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Columbus Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Letter from the Secretary of the interior, submitting joint
resolution to render an appropriation of $75,QUO avail-
able Jor feeding Navajo Indians.
Department of thk Interior.
Washington, D. C., December 19, 1870.
Sir: The accompanying copy of a communication,
dated the 7th instant, from the acting Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and the form of ajoint resolution
therein referred to, are herewith respectfully sub-
mitted for the favorable consideration and action of
Congress* in-order that the appropriation of $75,000
lor the subsistence of the Navajo Indians in New
Mexico, for the year ending June 30, 1870, made by
act approved July 15, 1870, may be made available
by tins Department for thebenetic of said Indians
during the current fiscal year.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. T. OTTO,
„ ^ Acting Seer eta) y.
Hon. James G. Blune,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C.t December1,1870.
Sir: In the act making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, lor the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, there is a provision,
"for this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for subsistence of the Navajo Indians
in New Mexico, for the year ending June 30, 1870, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $75,000."
You will perceive that the amount appropriated
is intended to bo expeuded up to and including
the year ending June 30, 1870, when in fact the act
making the appropriation was not approved until
July 15, 1870, thus precluding the possibility of
making the sum appropriated available, when you
consider section^ five of the act making appropria-
tions for the judiciary, which provides "that all bal-
ances of appropriations contained in the annual
appropriation bills, and made specifically for the ser-
vice of any fiscal year, and remaining unexpended at
the expiration of such fiscal year, shall only be applied
to the paymentof expensesproperlyincurred during
that year, or to the fulfillment of contracts properly
made within that year, and such balances notneeded
for the said purpose shall be carried to the surplus
fund," &c. (Pamphlet copy of Laws Forty-3?irst
Congress, page 251.) #
As the appropriation was made it is impossible to
use it, and as the Indians are reported to be in desti-
tute and starving condition, the whole or greater
part thereof will be required for the subsistence of
those Indians before June30,1871. Ihave prepared
a joint resolution, which is herewith inclosed, to be
submitted to Congress if it meets with your concur-
rence, striking out the words "eigthteen hundred
and seventy" and inserting " eighteen hundred and
seventy-one." in order that the funds may be applied
for the benefit of the Navajo Indians.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
, II. R. CLUM,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Columbus Delano, Secretai*y of the Interior.
The question being taken on Mr. Sargent's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in immediately after
those which have been just agreed to :
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay Alvin N. Blocklidge for services
rendered and money expended in taking the census
of the Cherokee Indians, under the provisions of the
twelfth article of the treaty of 1866 with said Indians,
$938 55.
Mr. SARGENT. The examination I have
given to this matter convinces me that the
amendment is right. It involves a very small
amount.
The question being put on Mr. Cobuiix's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. DEGENER. I move the following
amendment, to come in at the same place :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
neccssary, to make arrangements for the removal
of the Kickapoo and other American Indian tribes
now resident in Mexico to reservations within the
United States, $50,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I think that amendment
is right, and may help to prevent the scenes of
horror depicted by the gentleman yesterday.
Mr. Degener's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I move to amend
by striking out the last word, and this pro
forma. In the somewhat heated discussion
upon this bill yesterday my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] made use of the fol-
lowing words in reply to remarks of my col-
league, [Mr. Degener:]
" And to-day my friend fromTexas [Mr. Deoenek]
stirs our blood by a recital of the enormities com-
mitted by tho Indians on tho border in the same
region, and would lead us to suppose that, there must
he something wrong in the atmosphere down there
which it is in vain for us to attempt to cure by the
speeches we may make hero or tho laws wo may
pass."
Now, Mr. Chairman, with regard to the
murders, outrages, and pillaging vouched for
by both my colleagues, [Mr. Degexer and Mr.
Conner,] I stand here to prove that not one
half, ay, not one quarter, has been told. I
have the official records to substantiate every
; indictment against the insufficiency of the pro-
! taction of our frontier.
j But, sir, there is nothing in the atmosphere
| of my State incurable by the action of this
j Congress. As to the disturbance in the interior
we have the power and will, thanks to our hon-
est, capable Governor, sustained by the Repub-
lican party, to maintain law and order within
all the wide extent of our empire State. Our
frontier, however, presents an anomaly in the
Indian policy of the Government, having been
for the last fifty years the favorite ground for
the incursions of wild tribes of Indians with
whom we have no treaties, and who resist every
attempt at civilization. In view of these facts
the State government has been compelled to
act ever since the annexation of Texas as an
auxiliary to the General Government.- Money
has been poured out lavishly from the Federal
Treasury with little effect; and it is only when
the gallant frontiersmen, called out by the
State, have drawn the cordon of their home-
defending fire around the advanced posts of
the military, that their wives and children have
felt any safety from the ravages of the savage
warriors.
But I rose, sir, simply to say that however
earnest my colleagues may be, however de-
cided I may be in my demand for the protec-
tion of our bleeding frontier, it is not their
intention nor mine, as I understand, to antag-
onize the policy of this Government in its
attempts to civilize and educate the Indian
tribes. I know that there is no contest between
our worthy Governor and his supporters, or
any one having the welfare of the whole peo-
.pie at heart, and the General Government on
this point. People of my State indorse fully
the policy of the General Government regard-
ing the Indians whenever and wherever that
policy can be maintained without constant risk
to their lives and property; but we do, infill
candor, appeal to every Christian gentleman
and humanitarian, in the largest and truest
sense of that word, to assist us in protecting
our lives and property from the bloody attacks
of savages from foreign territory, and tribes
with whom we have mJ treaties and who are
bound by no obligations but those made over
their innocent victims amid the incantations
around the fires of the war-dance! In good
faith we will stand by our beneficent Govern-
ment in its every measure promoting the gen-
eral welfare; but in this our emergency we
demand indemnity for the past and security for
the future.
Mr. VAN HORN. I offer the following
amendment to come in at the end of the sec-
tion as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That section fourteen of
the act entitled " An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,"
approved July 15,1870, be, and tho same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. BECK. I raise the point of order on
that amendment. It changes existing laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. SARGENT. I think the amendment
is right.
Mr. BECK. Very well; then I withdraw
the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the amendment
will be entertained.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it is right and that
it ought to be adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like to know
what the section is which it proposes to repeal.
Mr. VAN HORN. It is merely a section
in one of the appropriation bills passed last
year.
Mr. SARGENT. I can explain it. An
amendment relating to the Black Bob Indian
lands was adopted by the Senate last year, on
which there was much difference of opinion
between members of the House. The com-
mittee of conference, from the impossibility
of getting sufficient information to act intelli-
gently, inserted the matter proposed now to be
repealed, which provided that the whol« tiling
should remain in statu quo until further legis-
lation by Congress. Since that time I have
had opportunity for full examination, and am
satisfied that-we ought not to arrest action
under previous legislation. Therefore I favor
the repeal of the restrictive clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the bill:
And provided further. That no part of the said
sums herein appropriated for other than treaty In-
dians shall be given to the support of able-bodied
male Indians, except as wages at a fair rate for labor
performed upon reservations or upon roads or other
public works m said Territories, the said labor to be
performed under the direction of the superintend-
ents of Indian affairs and Indian agents in the Ter-
ritories.
It will be remembered by some gentlemen
