1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597
ia a salaried officer, and this bill, more than
most other bills, contains very precise appro-
priations for the details of their expenditures.
Bat here is the sum of $38,600 appropriated
for the mere incidental expenses of superin-
tendents and agents unnamed for any service
whatever. I do not know what is the contin-
gent fond for the expenses of the United States
Senate, but I doubt very much whether it ex-
ceeds twice that amount. I respectfully submit
that this is a very large sura to be appropriated
in this way out of the public Treasury for the
incidental expenses of officers, all of whom
are salaried, and all of whose expenses, so far
as human wit can devise or define them, are
provided for in other items of this bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, striking out this clause.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to insert at the
end of line thirteen on the first page the
following proviso :
Provided, That no superintendent of Indian affairs
shall be paid asalary in excess of $2,500 per annum;
and all acts and parts of acts in conflict with this
proviso are hereby repealed.
I am told (I do not speak from my own
personal examination) that the salaries of
superintendents are different. Some receive
$2,000, some $2,500, and some, perhaps only
one, over $3,000—thirty-five hundred or thirty-
six hundred dollars, if I recollect aright. I
know of no reason why there should be this
diversity in the salaries of superintendents.
Their duties are similar, their expenses are
. about the same, and the responsibility which
rests upon them is not so different as to require
us to make such a diversity in their compen-
sation. I think, therefore, that we should
settle upon a maximum, and it seems to me
that $2,600, which I understand is the salary
of most of them, is not only a fair but a liberal
compensation. I see no reason why any of
them should receive more than that, and I
therefore move this proviso.
Mr. COLE. lam well aware that the service
required of the superintendents varies consid-
erably, and their salaries are fixed by separate
and distinct laws running through a long series
of years, as are the salaries of the several
agents. I move to lay the amendment upon
the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion, at least until he fur-
nishes us, as it is his duty to do, something
in explanation of this matter.
Mr. COLE. It would be a very unaccept-
able task now to read the several laws on that
subject, inasmuch as there are, I think, bear-
ing on it at least eight separate laws running
through the different volumes of the Statutes-
at-Large. I hardly think the Senator would
ask me to read them to-night, or the various
sections, even, that relate to the salaries of
superintendents.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not ask the Senator
to read the law. The Senator is chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations 
Mr. COLE. Acting chairman.
Mr. THURMAN. And the Senate look to
him for information on this subject, and I do
not think he ought to lay this proposition on
the table without furnishing us with more defi-
nite information than he has done. I should
like to know how many superintendents there
are who receive more than $2,500 ; and if there
are any, why they receive it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California has moved to lay this amend-
ment on the table, which, of course, suspends
debate.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the committee before
the vote is taken ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection the Chair will not interrupt the
Senator for doing it.
Mr. BAYARD. I am glad the Chair will
not do it. I ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, who is the person who
receives the excess of salary so much beyond
the others in this case, if he knows who he is,
and what are his superior services that entitle
him to this excess of compensation over the
average?
^r* COLE. I have never examined the
book of estimates to see whether there are
more than one, but I know the superintendent
in California receives more than the sum
named. The superintendent'of Indian affairs
for California and Nevada does receive more
than that sum. His name 
Mr. BAYARD. Hia name I do not care for.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 17; as follows:
x YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Gragin, Ed-
munds, Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howe,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
lvoss, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Trumbull, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Flanagan, Harlan, Harris, Howell, Johnston, Mc-
Donald, Pratt,Ramsey. Robertson. Spencer, Stearns,
Thayer. Thurman, and Willey—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cattell, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Howard, Kellogg,
Lewis, McCreery. Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pat-
terson, Revels, Rico, Saiilsbury, Schurz, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipton, Viekers, Warner, Williams, and
Yates—29.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I now move the same
proviso, inserting $2,600 instead of $2,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, as this is a mere
matter of administration, not intended, I sup-
pose, to increase expenditure, but to provide
properly for the service, to explain how the
thing now stands, and what is meant by this
proposition, and what the effect of it is.
Mr. THURMAN. I will state how I under-
stand it, although I confess I am not as well
informed as I ought to be; and that is exactly
the reason why I complain that a motion to lay
on the table was made. As I understand it,
there is one superintendent of Indian affairs
who receives more than twenty-five hundred
dollars. I understand that he receives thirty-
five or thirty-six hundred dollars, ten or
eleven hundred dollars more than any other
superintendent receives. This information of
mine may be inaccurate. If it is, I shall be
happy to be corrected; but that is the inform-
ation I have. I have had no time to look into
this matter. It is not my business to look
into it. It is the business of the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, or the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
enlighten the Senate on the subject.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will permit me, I will state what the facts are.
There are eight superintendents provided for
in this bill, aud their salaries are as follows:
northern superintendency, $2,000; central
superintendency,$2,000; New Mexico,$2,000;
Arizona, $2,000; California, $3,600; Oregon,
$2,500; Montana, $2,500.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, it
appears that my information was correct.
There is one superintendent who receives
$1,100 more than the highest salary that is
paid to any of the others, and $1,600 more
than most of the superintendents receive. If
there is any good reason for that I will sustain
it as soon as any Senator in the body; but I
want to know the reason for this difference in
the compensation of these superintendents.
It does seem to me, I must say, that twenty-
five or twenty-six hundred dollars, as my
amendment now is, is a fair compensation
for these superintendents. The Governor of
the State of Ohio receives but $3,000 a year,
the judges of the common pleas courts of that
State receive but $2,500 a year, the judges
of the supreme court of that State receive
but $3,000 a year, and. I know of no reason
why a superintendent of Indian affairs should
receive $600 more per annum than the Gov-
ernor of the State of Ohio. If there be good
reason for it, then I shall acquiesce in it; but
I want to know the reason for it before I do
acquiesce in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had a general recol-
lection about thi# superintendency of Cali-
fornia, and, referring to the law, I think I can
give my colleague a little information on the
subject. In the first place, is it not rather
invidious at this period of the session for us to
attempt to cut down the pay of a single officer,
to aim an amendment 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague speak
a little louder ? We cannot hear him at all in
this portion of the Chamber.
Mr, SHERMAN. I say, is it not rather
in vidious, at this hoar of the session, and on
an appropriation bill, to aim an amendment at
a single officer ? This officer's salary is fixed
by law, and that law prescribes peculiar duties,
somewhat different from the duties of other
superintendents of Indian affairs. I had a
general recollection of the law which created
the office of superintendent of Indian affairs
in California. He is required to perform a
great many duties that are not required of
other superintendents.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator give the
date of the law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It Is the general law,
passed April 8, 1864, providing for the organ-
ization of Indian affairs in California, by which
the Indians were gathered upon reservations,
and new duties were imposed on the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs. I will read the first
section only.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What page ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Page 39, volume thirteen
of the Statutes-at-Large:
" That from and after the 1st day of April, A. D.
1864, the State of California shall, for Indian pur-
poses, constitute one superintendency, for which
there shall be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a superintendent of Indian affairs foi
said superintendency, at a salary of $3,600 per an-
num, who shall reside at a point within said State,
to be selected by the Secretary of the Interior, and
who, upon executing a bond, upon such terms and
in such sums as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Interior, and taking the usual oaths of office,
shall have under his control and management, in
like manner and subject to the like rules and reg-
ulations as are prescribed for superintendents of
other superintendences, the Indians and Indian
reservations that are or may hereafter be established
in said State."
Then it provides for a clerk, and goes on and
provides for the organization of the Indian
reservations in California, extending over a
vast region of country, I believe some seven
hundred miles from point to point, and pre-
scribing at some length the nature of the reser-
vations. Now, it seems to me, considering
the difference of prices in California and other
portions of the country, that there gold is the
standard and here it is paper money, it would
be very unwise, and very invidious for ua at this
hour of the session, without any fuller knowl-
edge on the subject, to reduce a 'salary that
was established by a special law to organize a
particular service. We give to the judge of the
district court in California a larger salary than
we do the judge of any other district court in
the United States. Why did not my colleague,
when the bill in regard to the pay of the judi-
ciary was before the Senate, aim such a pro-
vision as this at the judge in California? And
so with, many of the salaries on the Pacific
coast that have been established at a higher
rate of pay?
Mr. CONKLING. Ho did, by raising all
up to him.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend says lie did
by raising all salaries. Bat we have made
this discrimination between the Pacific coast
and other points, and now it seems to me we
ought not to aim 
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Senator
