772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
tie of charity over their faults, and to eulogize
only the virOues of the dead. I have not risen
for this purpose, but to speak of Mr. Norton
as I knew him, both as a public man and as a
private citizen and friend.
Mr. Nortos was elected to the Senate by
the Legislature of his State in the winter of
1865, which Legislature was composed largely
of Republicans of the most radical type.
Early in the administration of Mr. johnson,
and as soon as it became evident that there
was to be a split'between him and the Repub-
lican Congress, Mr. Norton identified himself
with the cause of the President, and during his
entire Administration, amid all the acrimony
of the times, and against the earnest protest of
the party in his State which elected liim, stood
as the faithful supporter and friend of that Ad-
ministration. The course which the deceased
Senator felt constrained to pursue drew down
upon his head the most violent opposition of
his political friends at home and the bitter
denunciation of the Republican party through-
out the country. At the time no one regretted
this departure from the Republican party more
sincerely than I did. And yet I was not par-
ticularly disappointed in the peculiar con-
flict which arose between the President and
Congress that Mr. Norton should be found on
the side of the former.
X have referred to this passage in the polit-
ical life of Mr. Norton, not because 1 wish to
have it understood that I approve his course,
because I certainly do not approve it, but that
I may have an opportunity to say a single word
in vindication of the honor and truthfulness
of him who, as I think, has been greatly mis-
understood at home and abroad in regard to
the motives and influences which governed his
political life.
Although Mr. Norton was elected to the
Senate by a radical Republican Legislature,
still he was not a radical Republican. In
early life a Whig of the school of Henry Clay,
and an ardent admirer of Ohio's great orator
and statesman, Thomas Corwin, he sympa-
thized more nearly with the conservatism of
such men as Corwin and Millard Fillmoi'Q than
with the radicalism of the leaders of .|he Re-
publican party. From his early education,
from his associations in political life, and from
the constitution of his mind, it was almost
impossible for Mr. Norton to have taken any
other stand than that which he occupied during
the eventful period of Mr. Johnson's admin-
istration.
It was well understood by his most intimate
friends thai, in the event of such a conflict as
arose during that Administration, Mr. Norton
would naturally be found acting with the sup-
porters of the President in that conflict. In
taking this course he was compelled, reluc-
tantly 110 doubt, to encounter the most violent
opposition of some of his former supporters
and political associates; and yet I have no
doubt that it was from a sense of duty alone
that he was forced to take issue with those
through whose influence and support he had
been elevated to the high position which he
occupied.
_ No one who was well acquainted with Mr.
Norton will charge him with acting from
selfish or corrupt motives. All his personal
interests were adverse to the course he pur-
sued. Forced to surrender all claims for sup-
port upon the dominant party of his State, he
well knew that the course which he was com-
pelled to take would leave him with a hopeless
minority, and that in the future he would in all
probability be cut off from the support of the
ruling party in his State. Nor did he hope
while thus being compelled to cut loose from
all association with t.be ruling party in his
State, to benefit himself by adhering to the
policy of the President.
Mi\ Speaker, it is always unpleasant on an
occasion like the present to allude to anything
which is_ calculated to awaken the acrimony
of enemies or to wound the susceptibilities of
friends; and I should not have alluded at this
time to those events in the life of the deceased
which have caused so much controversy in his
State were it not that I wished to pave the way
to the consideration of another ana more pleas-
ant feature in the political life of Mr. Norton.
B^e entered the Senate at the close of the
war, at a time when speculation and jobbing
were rife in the country, when the spirit of
money-making and peculation seemed to have
seized hold of too many of our public men.
and to have extended its influence from the
capital of the nation to the most distant States
and Territories.
The time in which he served in the Senate,
was, perhaps, of all others in the history of
the Government the most favorable for the
success of corrupt schemes of plunder and
peculation. Yet Mr. Norton never entered
into them. He never sought to enrieh him-
self by reason of the official position which he
held. He left the Senate as he entered it—
poor. Having sacrificed everything at home
by attaching himself to the cause of the Pres-
ident, he never sought to aggrandize himself
through his political or personal influence with
the Administration. Nor would Mr. Norton
ever consent to become iu anywise interested
in any of the schemes which came before Con-
gress while he was a member. He was too
truthful and too honest for this.
Perhaps one of the most important and
prominent traits in his character was his re-
gard for truth: I mean truth in its higher
sense. He scorned to deceive or mislead a
friend. And he could never be induced to do
an act, either in public or private life, which
ho would be ashamed to acknowledge before
honorable men. It was this trait of character,
so rare in the^e days of deception and political
corruption, that gave Mr. Norton a large num-
ber of most devoted personal friends at home.
It was this that led his nearest friends, who
earnestly opposed his political course in the
Senate, to look with chafity upon what the
masses of the Republican party of his State
denounced as treason to his party. It was this
high regard for truth that enabled him to stand
erect and to move along amid the detractions
of his enemies, conscious all the time that he
had done his duty.
I think that Mr. Norton erred in judg-
ment, and that when he left the party which
elected him to follow the fortunes of a recreant
President he made the mistake of his life. I
am now speaking from my own stand-point.
But as he viewed it he could not, without
a surrender of.his manhood, without stifling
his keen sense of justice and of truth, have
done differently.
Whether Mr. Norton was right Br wrong,
is not perhaps for me, standing at his grave,
to say ; but this I take pleasure in saying :
he was honest in the course he took, in every
vote he gave, and truthful in every word he
uttered. Besides this, he was a man of excel-
lent personal qualities. He was warm-hearted,
generous, charitable, and manly. There was
no truer friend than he, and no man ever pur-
sued with greater fidelity what he believed to
be right. Thus much I liave felt compelled to
say on behalf of one with whom I have dif-
fered politically, but for the integrity of whose
character I have always had the most profound
respect,
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, from his
early boyhood I knew Senator Norton. The
town of his birth was the home of my adop-
tion. At the age of seventeen he volunteered
in a company which belonged to a regiment
under my command during its term of service
in our war with Mexico. Then he was marked
by the same traits of character which distin-
guished his manhood. Gentle, truthful, and
brave, he was ever faithful in the discharge of
his duties. He was loved'by his comrades,
and his soldierly qualities secured for him the
regard and confidence of his officers. Through
the perils of war he bore a charmed life, to
fall at last a victim to consumption. Peace
restored, he devoted some time to travel, and,
on his return home, became a student and
practitioner of law.
His early career at the bar was full of prom-
ise, and had he not been lured into politics ho
would have acquired distinction in his pro-
fession. In the State of his new home he
served during several terms in the Legisla-
ture, and was chosen United States Senator at
thirty-five years of age. His career in that
body is familiar to us all, A Whig in politics,
he became a Republican on the organization
of that party. lie was more a patriot than
a partisan, and it was the law of his life to
follow the dictates of conviction. Neither
the hope of reward nor the fear of disfavor
could influence his action. During the strug-
gle between President Johnson and Congiess
he acted in concert with Senators Dooliitla
and Cowan and Dixon, but notwithstanding
the intense heat of party feeling at that t me
no one was ever heard to doubt his patriot sm
or question the purity of his conduct. In his
death our country lost an unselfish friend, his
family the warm and gentle love which mide
a happy home. Two States mourn his des.th,
and his many friends will ever cherish in t'leir
hearts the memory of his manly and ge'iial
qualities.
Mr. WELKER. I cannot allow the present
occasion to pass without laying my hun ble
tribute of respect upon the grave of my depai ted
friend. He and I were born in the same county
in Ohio. His father, an early settler in Knox
county, was a leading man of the county iu
business as well as politics. A man of lino,
ability, great energy of character, sterling in' eg-
rity of purpose, he exerted wide influence in
that part of the State. As boys, the deceased
and I were frequently thrown together ant]
became intimately acquainted. During his
college course I frequently met him, and with
him often talked of the ambitions of life. I
found him always a genial companion, with
noble impulses and purposes.- With much
ability and lofty ambition, I early predicted
for him a brilliant success in life. After leav-
ing college he studied law in his native town,
and was admitted, to the bar with bright pros-
pects of success. In the mean time I had
studied law, and when he came to the b ir 1
was judge of the district including our naive
county, and here in this new field we again
often met.
After a short practice in his own county, his
ambition led him to seek a wider field in the
great West. I soon heard of him as a success-
ful lawyer in Minnesota, then State senator,
and when I came to the House of Representa-
tives I found him one of the United States
Senators for his adopted State.
His career in life is another example of what
can be accomplished by persevering effort in
our Republic. Here no bounds are fixed to
the aspirations of ambition. The avenues to
success are open to all alike. With energy
and labor the humblest and most obscure may
win the highest place in the land.
I fully concur in all that has been so well
said of Mr. Norton's character. From <ar-
liest boyhood I regarded him as honest and
reliable. As a man he was candid and out-
spoken, always giving utterance to the thoughts
within him. A modest and unassuming man,
he possessed more ability than was generally
accorded to him.
His successor in the Senate—another Knox
county boy—iu boyhood was his intimate friend
and associate, and with him went to the West
to seek fortune and fame.
The death of Mr. Norton is another admo-
nition to us of the uncertainty of life. In the
midst of life's brightest anticipations and en-
joyments death comes. He visits the hovel as
well as the highest places in the land, the cabin
of the cottager as well as the Senate Chamber
