1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
These instructions must be prudently but ener-
getically carried out, remembering that in the acts
of Congress which have been recently passed in
reference to elections it seems to have been intended,
first, to secure to every person entitled by law to
vote the free exercise of his privilege; second, to
prevent vo. .ng by any person not so entitled; third,
to secure a 'air eonnt of the votes actually east. The
following i a list of offenses, for which, when com-
mitted in the presence of deputy marshals, on elec-
tion day, arrests should be made by them without a
writ;
First. When a person by force or threats or
bribery hinders or delays, or attempts to hinder
or delay, a citizen from voting.
Second. When a person purposely interferes with
a deputy marshal when the latter is executing any
writ, or purposely attempts to rescue any person
arrested.
Third. When any person attempts to vote in a
name that is not his own name, or to vote more
than once, or to vote in an election district where
lie does not reside, or to vote where he has not been
for one year an inhabitant of the State, and a resi-
dent lor four months of the county, a.nd for thirty
days of the election district of the officer for whom
he attempts to vote, or who otherwise attempts ille-
gally tq vote.
Fourth. When any person induces or compels any
officer of "election to receive an illegal vote, or to
refuse to receive a legal vote.
Fifth. When any person induces an officer of elec-
tion to giveafalsecertificate or statement in writing
in respect to the election.
Sixth. When any inspeetorof election shall refuse
to put a challenge lawfully made.
Seventh. When any inspector of election, or other
officer or person, shall unlawfully attempt to remove
orcause to be removed from the room any supervisor
appointed bv the circuit judge.
Eighth. When any person, inspector or otherwise,
places illegally a ballot.in any box.
Kin'h. W hen any canvasser or other officer attompts
to count the ballots in the different boxes in any other
order than is prescribed by the State law, as follows :
"All ballots shall hereafter be canvassed in tlie fol-
lowing order: X. President; 2. General; 3. Congress;
4.Senator; 5. Assembly; 6. City ; 7.School; 8. Jus-
tices ; 9. Inspectors of election."
T-nth. When any canvassing officer makes, or
attempts to make, any false certificate or return in
regard to the number of ballots.
Eleventh. When any person, officer or otherwise,
shali prevent in any way any supervisor from affix-
ing his signature to any certificate or return of elec-
tion, or making a statement thereon in regard to its
truth or fairness.
Twelfth. When any person shall hinder or molest,
or aid or abet in hindering or molesting, any super-
visor at the place of election, while ho is in the dis-
charge of his duties, one of which duties is to attend
a t the election iu the immediate presence of inspect-
ors and canvassing officers.
Thirteenth. Any violation by an inspector, or other
officer of election, ofany State law, either by neglect-
ing to do what that law requires to be done, or by
doing whatlawforbids. Butno arrest should insueh
case be made without first calling the attention of
the inspector, or other officer, to his violation of law.
Fourteenth, Whenanyinspectorof election refuses
to receive the legal vote of a citizen, on the ground
that some one has before voted in that citizen's
name, the right, of the citizen to vote is not taken
away under such circumstances; but he should give
convincing evidence of his right to vote.
Fifteenth. The party in political minority has an
absolute right to haveaninspectorbelongingto that
party, and the inspector so appointed is entitled to
designate one of the two poii clerks. Any willful
violation of this right subjects the person guilty of
it to arrest. But lor this offense let a warrant be
procured.
Sixteenth. Every supervisor and deputy marshal,
after accepting bis office, is liable to arrest for any
neglect or violation of his official duty.
Seventeenth. The offense especially to be guarded
against is the intentional miscounting of votes,
When this is clearly attempted, the deputy marshal
should be prompt and energetic in the discharge of
liis duty.
I respectfully invite all persons to make known ra
writing immediately to this office any instance of
official impropriety on the part of deputy marshals
which may come to their personal knowledge. And
in order that those intending crime may be fore-
warned and offenders secured, X request all citizens
of all parties to assist the United States officers in
enforcing the proper observance of the acts of Con-
gress relating to elections; and I call upon all cit-
izens, and upon all civil and municipal authorities,
to cooperate with tho officers of the United States
in securing an honest vote, an honest count, and a
satisfactory election, regardless of its party results.
GEORGE H. SHARPS,
United States Marshal.
These orders were calculated, without any
manner of doubt, considering the character of
the men to whom such duties bad been con-
fided, to provoke certainly a collision with the
people of New York and with the authorities
of that State. There was a great deal of blus-
ter, much bitter talk, a great man? threats in
regard to the use of the United States military
to back them up; but, after all, wiser counsels
prevailed; and through the services of a very
eminent gentleman, sent there from Washing-
ton, to give due consideration to what seemed
to have been without it before, an arrangement
was made on the very night before the election
which completely neutralized these arbitrary
powers that were proposed to be exercised an
der the instructions of the district attorney and
the United States marshal, and substituted in
their place a harmonized action between the
State officials and the United States officials,
so that no officer could have been molested at,
any time during the pendency of the election.
I read from a paper which is signed by the
mayor of the city, A. Oakey Hall, J. S. Bos-
worth, president of the police of the city, Mr.
Stoughton, one of their counsel. Caleb Cush-
ing, of counsel, Noah Davis, United States
attorney, and George II. Sharpe. The chief
modifications consisted in this:
"3. That the inspectors of election aretobepro-
tected from the opening of the polls until the com-
pletion of the canvass, and are not to be arrested
before the completion of the entire canvass for any
alleged offense, nor then except on process."
"5. If in the opinion of- any supervisor or inspec-
tor any deputy marshal or policeman at the polls
shall fail to carry out in good faith the above under-
standing, he shall immediately cause the fact to be
reported to the United States marshal, if the com-
plaint bo against a deputy marshal, or to the super-
intendent of police, if the complaint be against a
policeman."
There it seems that by the forbearance, and
still more by the fortitude and courage of the
proper guardians of the rights of the people
of the Slate of New York, the schemes for
briuging on a collision between the citizens of
New Yoik and the United States forces and
deputy marshals appointed by Mr. Sharpe
were thwarted. And here tribute is due to the
calm, dignified, but equally determined atti-
tude and steadfast course of the Governor of
the State of New York throughout the whole
of these trying scenes. To him the people of
his State looked with well-earned confidence,
and were not disappointed. His sagacity and
firmness reassured the doubting and restrained
the imprudent. The man was fully equal to
the emergency, and no doubt is felt anywhere
that he will in the future sustain equally the
constitutional rights of the humblest citizen
of the Empire State.
There was in that city the sad spectacle of
a high judicial officer lending himself plainly
to the'demands of his partisan associates.
Nothing can excuse the appointment of such
men as were appointed to supervise and protect
what they term the "purity" of the ballot-box
in the city of New York! The character of
those men, however, has been shown to the
country by the speech of my friend from Mary-
land, and I shali not repeat it.
In the city of Philadelphia we had some-
thing of the same sort. There, without one
moment's notice, without the least pretext of
necessity, a company of marines was marched
to a voting precinct where there absolutely was
less confusion, less riot than probably bad ever
occurred there iti any election held for ten
years previous. There was to be seen how
completely the marshals of the United States
and their deputies are the commanders of
United States soldiers, and how they and their
officers must obey them under the penalty that
attaches to military disobedience.
In my own State the same thing was pro-
posed. I discovered it from conversation with
the United States marshal there, a mere par-
tisan, appointed simply asa reward for partisan
services, and those not of a creditable eharac
ter. This man informed rue that he intended
to apply for troops to be sent to certain voting
precincts in the State of Delaware. I knew it
was an insult to our people, that it was totally
uncalled for. I knew that although the ad-
mission of negroes to the ballot-box was per-
fectly detestable to a great majority of the
people of my State, though they leit it to be a
degradation of a franchise they had always
guarded, though they felt it, was imposed upon
them by nothing better than superior foice,
yet it was standing as the law of the land,
and they did not dream of treating it. other-
wise than with proper obedience; and theie
was no intention at any time on the part of
the people of Delaware to prevent the negro
population from casting their votes, but they
meant to indicate their opinion of it in a way
that should not leave the country in doubt as
to our sentiments on the subject and to signify
that we intend there to be in the future, as we
have been in the past, governed by the intel-
ligence of our own race alone.
When I heard this thing was proposed I
wrote at once to the President of the United
States a perfectly respectful letter. 1 protested
against the introduction of military forces at
the elections in my State. I protested against
the outrage proposed by the marshal, and
denounced, as I do now, as a base slander,
the charge that there was any necessity for it,
or any reason to suppose that the people of
Delaware would not in good faith give to every
man entitled under the laws the power to
exercise, without intimidation, the right of
voting. I received no answer. The troops did
not come ; they were sent elsewhere. They
were sent into Maryland, and I saw some of
them returning, and I heard from them the
eiiaraeter of the service for which they had
been detailed, which was utterly odious to them,
an expense to the country, and an offense to
the people. But although troops did not come
into Delaware the law was in existence which
would have given this marshal the right of ap-
plying to the President, and the President the
power of sending troops at his suggestion into
the State and insulting our people by the allega-
tion that we needed armed force to restrain us
from violating our own laws. Although this
was not done, yet was the power conferred on
this marshal by the law you passed last July,
under the pretext of appointing deputies to
import a flock of jail-bii'dsaud ruffians from the
city of Philadelphia, who were decorated by
him with badges, and who faithfully performed
their duty in purifying our elections by voting
at neatly every poll in the place, whore they
were entire strangers, and had no right to vote
at all!
I liave some affidavits on that subject in my
possession, taken just after the occurrence,
and they disclose the fact that men, some of
whom had just served out their terms of im-
prisonment for crime in the penitentiary in
Pennsylvania, who came down there for the
consideration of having their expenses paid
and ten dollars a day to act as deputy mar-
shals, and a gang of them were sent to one
of the rural precincts, some thirty miles dis-
tant from the town where I reside, for the
purpose of seizing the ballot box of a strong
Democratic precinct and thereby breaking
up the election. They reached that peaceful
country, and they found themselves among a
very plain set of men, but who were descend-
ants from those soldiers of the Iievoluiion
called the " Bluo Hen's Chickens," and who
retained something of game-blood in their
veins; and when these scoundrelscame among
them for the purpose of interfering with their
elections, they soon were made aware of wl at
their fate was to be upon the first attempt at
such rascality as they were hired for, so that
they were glad to escape _ in the carriages
which were provided for their accommodation
by their political friends in the city of H il-
mington.
The whole of'that scene was scandalous and
disgraceful to every man in anyway connected
with the attempt. Such was the discretionary
exercise of power by a United States marshal
