1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
In view of a remark that has been made
here to day l wish to say one other thing. So
far as California is concerned i must claim
that we are an exception to the rule which
was laid down by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,J that the persons engaged in
this service are dishonest men. lean remem-
ber the names, perhaps," of ten or a dozen who
have been serving as superintendents or agents
in that State, and I do not know of-one of
them that has appropriated one dollar, or who
I believe has appropriated one dollar, daring
the present and the past two Administrations
of this Government, while engaged in such
service. Now, if the Senator from Nevada
can remember any one within the last ten or
twelve years who has been cheating the Gov-
ernment, I would ask him to name an indi-
vidual. That such things occurred prior to that
time, I am convinced and believe.
Mr. STEWART. I have not resided in Cali-
fornia for the last ten years, and I have not
so particularly observed the workings there
lately; but if anything can beat the rascality
and scandal of the Indian management there
previous to that, it is something that has not
come under my observation. No proceedings
that I have ever seen in' the way of foolish-
ness, extravagance, and rascality surpass the
administration of several gentlemen whom I
will not name, under former administrations
I will say in regard to the present superin-
tendent, Mr. Whiting, that he is a very compe-
tent and efficient officer. 1 know he must be,
from knowing him as I do and from my con-
versation with him. I have not been in the
- State to witness his administration, but in con-
versation about his administration, and from
what lie has told rae as to what he did, and
knowing him to be a man entirely capable and
worthy, I have no doubt he is a very efficient
officer. His capacities and talents undoubt-
edly qualify him to fill the office well, and I
have no doubt he is doing it.
Mr. COLE. There is not the least doubt
in the world that that is the case. I must say,
however, in regard to superintendents who
have fallen behind, that I do not believe they
have done it through the practice of any dis-
honesty but from sheer negligence and care-
lessness, allowing the agents on the reserva-
tions, for example, to run into debt, to con-
tract obligations, and thus override the amount
of the appropriations for the service. I do
not believe that the last three or four officers,
though some of them may have been so ineffi-
cient as to suffer the service to fall behind,
-have been dishonest. I have no idea that that
is the case.
I feel assured that if the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio should prevail you would lose
the services of a man who is able to save many
times the salary that he receives, and who is
compelled to supervise and superintend Indians
extending over, as was stated by the Senator
from Nevada, two large States, extending as
they do from the thirty-second to the forty-
.second parallel of latitude in the interior, over
one range of mountains, extending indeed from
the Rocky mountains to the Pacific coast. He
acts in that section of country as a sort of
Indian commissioner, for the whole burden
and responsibility is upon him of the service
in that part of the country.
Mr. CONKLlNG. Onlyaminute. I wish
to tender my gratitude to the distinguished
Senator Irom Ohio who made this motion, not
so much for the motion he made as for the
remarks with which he accompanied it. His
conversation in that respect was to me very
edifying. He tells us that the Governor of
liis State receives but $3,000 a year, and he
makes other valuable suggestions and contri-
butions to show how excessive $3,GOO is when
given in a single year to a single man for his
services. Mr. President, could we only have
had such arguments from the honorable Sen-
ator the other day when the question of sala-
ries was up, there is no knowing how much j
good might have been derived from them. I
might ask—
" Where, where was Koderiek then ?"
I understood the honorable Senator to say
that had he been alive and well—and the sug-
gestion that he had not been both startled me
^9 ®®^-""*he might on that occasion have
made some motion or done something which
would in some way have preserved the public
purse. But he thought be was not here.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the hon-
orable Senator to the fact that being here the
other day and finding one salary of a district
judge an exception to all the rest, namely, the
salary in California, which was $5,000, he did
contribute his mite, great as we know that
mite is, to level up all the other salaries to
that. I see that that is so by looking at the
Journal. I thought I could not be mistaken,
and I lind that upon a call of the yeas and nays
n? "am? m?re conspicuous than the name
of the distinguished Senator from Ohio, voting
in the affirmative thus to arrange those salaries.
Now, I am inclined to think that consistency
would require that these other Indian agents,
if a change is to be made, should be raised up
to $3,600, iu place of reversing the action of
the Senate and doing violence to its most con-
spicuous and recent precedent by undertaking
to level down this one thing, which, for reasons
somewhat peculiar in themselves, seems to
have been put out and marked higher than the
rest. However, I accomplish my purpose when
I offer my personal gratitude to my honorable
friend for the very valuable suggestions that he
has made here, and I regret that they could
not have been made on an occasion when they
would have had broader scope and more cogent
application.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I did not
think that my friend from New York was a
malicious man. I did not think that because
I voted to increase the salaries of the supreme
judges of the United States, and therefore cut
him out of any chance of being Chief Justice
during the term for which he was elected to
the Senate, he would take this occasion to
punish mo for it. [Laughter.] I did really
think that he had more magnanimity than that;
and I did think, too, that being a distinguished
member of the legal profession, one who is hon-
ored in that profession, one who has achieved
a reputation in it that might be the envy of
almost any one, he would have imbibed some
little of that esprit de corps which would make
him think that the judge of a court of the
United States deserved a littie better compen-
sation than a superintendent of Indian affairs.
If I be wrong in that, it is a weakness which
belongs to my profession ; it is one that I should
have thought he had felt. We have both been
in the harness of the law a long time; it lias
been to some extent the idol of our affections;
we have perhaps exaggerated its importance
and exaggerated its influence. When I sit in
this Senate and see law and Constitution some-
times, as I humbly think, utterly disregarded
and trodden under foot, the idea does go
through my mind that I have been a great fool
to reverence law so long; that law is a mere
plaything, to be thrown aside by the strong and
the powerful, and only to bind the weak and
the humble. But yet, Mr. President, the prac-
tice of the law is calculated to make men
respect it and its minister; and knowing what
of toil, both physical and mental, it requires,
we are apt to think that a judge ought to be
better paid than a superintendent of Indian i
affairs. j
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- I
tion is, shall the Senate agree to the amend- :
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio? |
Mr. CORBEfl'. I do not think that the ;
salary of the superintendent of Indian affairs j
is too high in California. I only wish that I
could persuade the Senate that a good super-
intendent of Indian affairs in Oregon should
receive as high a salary. I endeavored to
convince the Committee on Indian xVffairs that
these salaries are too low. I believe, as the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling] says,
that they should be raised up—leveled up
rather than pulled down. The Committee ou
. ? AffaLr,s vpted, I believe, that no super-
of Indian affairs should receive over
!|>2,500, and instructed the chairman to report
snch a bill. I voted against that, believing that
it was notsufficient, consideringthe large bonds
given by the superfhtendents of Indian affairs.
j. know the superintendent of Indian affairs of
the State of Oregon. There is no better man for
the position than he is. He gives large bonds;
his disbursements are the same as in California,
in gold, while you pay him in currency ; and
he performs his duties to the satisfaction of the
people there and to the acceptance of the
Indians and of the United States. I believe
there is no better man in existence for that,
position.
Mr. President, I think that these salaries all
ought to be increased to $3,000 at least. I
do not think that thirty-five or thirty*six
hundred dollars is too much in California,
and I think the others ought to be increased
to $3,000. I believe that for the services of
superintendents in Arizona and New Mexico,
if they are suitable men to go to live in that
country, they ought to have a higher salary
than $2,000 a year. I wish simply to make
these, remarks. I do not have much hope
that I can secure for these men a fair salary,
considering the duties that they have to per-
form and the large bonds that they have to
give. I shall vote against this reduction of
the salary of the superintendent for California.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest $3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa moves to amend the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio by inserting
"$3,000."
Mr. SPENCER. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ala-
bama to lay the amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make a remark
which I could not make while the motion to
lay on the table was pending, and that is this,
and I call the attention of the Senator from
California to it: that when an effort was made
during the time this bill has been under con-
sideration to raise the salary of the superin-
tendent of the central superintendency to
$2,500 the Senator resisted it, when the cen-
tral superintendent has twice as much to do as
the California surperintendent, and the latter
gets $3,600. The former has twice as many
agencies to visit, more than three times as
large a bond to give, a great deal more respons-
ibility ; and yet, when the effort was made to
put him up to $2,500, the Senator from Cali-
fornia resisted it.
Mr. STEWART. I would simply remark
that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment has been laid on the table, and is not the
subject of debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask, what is the ques-
tion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the amendments be engrossed and
the bill be ordered to a third reading?
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taker., resulted—yeas 38, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole. ConMing,
Corbett.Cragm. Edmunds, Hamilton ot'Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan. Howe, Huwt.ll, Johnston, MeDonald,
Morrill of Vermont. Nye. Osborn, Poineioy. Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, iieott,
