1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
of the nation, and makes no distinction among
bis victims.
What we may say of the dead makes no
difference to them. Our praises or censures
are alike unheard by them. But to the living
many valuable lessons are presented in recall-
ing the virtues and good actions of the de-
parted, forgetting the bad, and remembering
and approviug the good they have done.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Minnesota, that the resolutions of
the Senate be concurred in-; and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. As a further
mark of respect to the memory of the deceased,
I move that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o:clock and thirty-five minutes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
| navigation on said river, and praying Congress
to withdraw its assent to the construction of
; said bridge, or compel its being raised to the
1 height of forty feet above high-water mark.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BEAMAN: Resolutions of the
board of United States supervising inspect-
ors of steam vessels, in favor of extending
the signal service of approaching storms.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of 2,000 Ger-
man citizens of the city of Baltimore, Mary-
land, protesting against the sale of Govern-
ment arms to agents of the French Govern-
ment, now waging war against Prussia, a
friendly Government to the United States.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Commodore Robert Handy, of the
United States Navy, for arrears of pay with-
held under the sixth section of the act of 10th
•January, 1857.
^ By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Eben Y, Smith and 106 others, citizens of
Provincetown, Massachusetts, praying that a
commission be appointed to audit and de-
:ermine the claims on account of damages by
the Alabama and other British cruisers, and
to pay the same.
By Mr. COX: The petition of C. S. Parrish,
of Louisiana, for compensation, &c.
By Mr. KELLEY : A petition of 173 citi-
zens of New York, praying Congress to pro-
vide for the redemption of copper and other
token coins issued by the Government.
By Mr. KETCH AM: The memorial of Mrs.
•Tane A. Sanford, of New York city, widow of
Hiram Sanford, deceased, late engineer of the
United States Navy, for reimbursement for
losses sustained by her husband while in the
service of the Government.
By Mr. NEWSHAM : The petition of Dr.
J. B. Sullivan, and papers in support of his
claim against the Government of the United
States.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Ken-
drick Brothers, and a large number of others,
citizens of Evansville, Indiana, praying for
the abolition of certain taxes on tobacco and
cigars.
By Mr. TILLMAN: The petition of Dr. J.
D. johnson, of Marshall county, Tennessee,
for removal of political and legal disabilities.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Dolly Gill-
man for arrears of pension.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of Wil-
liam Eggleston and 40 others, citizens of Ver-
milion county, Indiana, praying that the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States bo filed in the clerk's office of each
county in the United States.
By Mr. WELLS : The petition of John E.
Hagerty, of St. Louis, Missouri, asking to bo
released of his contractformailservicebetween
East Sr. Louis and St. Louis, Missouri.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: A petition of
275 citizens and business firms of the city of
Portsmouth, Ohio, alleging that the bridge
now being built over the Ohio river between
Cincinnati and Newport will greatly injure the
IN SENATE.
| Friday, January 27,1871.
I Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
I max, I). D.
, The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
■| of yesterday; and having read the same for five
.i minutes,
I Mr. TRTJMBtJLfj. J believe we have a
i quorum of Senators present. I move to dis-
pense with the further reading of the Journal.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator insist
: upon thai in the face of such a Senate ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I thought a
j quorum of the Senate was probably present;
j and there is so much pressing business that I
; suggested we dispense with the reading. If
| the Senator desires it to go on, let it go on.
| Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator thinks
! there is good reason for dispensing with it, I
J shall not object.
| The "V ICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection,and the readingis dispensed
with.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2866) to amend an act
wg the enactment of such laws" as may be
necessary in the premises to fully secure the
rights of the bona fide settlers upon the Chero-
kee neutral lands under the homestead and
preemption laws, and the right of the State to
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections for the
support of common schools ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
• i ordered to be printed.
:! Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the remon-
:j strance of Catherine E. Beecher, of Connec-
|'( ticnt, and two hundred and nine other women,
: | protesting against female suffrage; which was
11 referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
'! _ Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
f j importers of salt, residing in Boston, in which
;l they protest strongly against the existing duty
on salt and say, "salt being one of the neces-
lj saries of life should be placed on the free list
ji or admitted at a nominal duty." I move its
|j reference to the Committee on Finance,
il The motion was agreed to.
I; Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition
jj of Mrs. Sarah Johnson, of Tennessee, pray-
j| ing arrears of pension; which was referred to
j the Committee on Pensions.
I ^ He also presented a petition of citizens of
| Tennessee, praying that a pension be granted
j to Mary Lambert; which was referred to the
, Committee on Pensions.
... i ^r' POOL presented the petition of J. B.
relating to pensions, approved July 27, 1868, |i Batclielor, of Raleigh, North Carolina, pray-
was read twice by its title, and referred to the H lnS. the removal of his political disabilities:
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON. At the request of my
colleague, [Mr. Lewis,] who is sick and un-
able to attend the Senate, I present the petition
|: of Ellis A. Haines, praying to* be allowed a pen-
| i sion on account of four wouuds received while
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the ij acting as'scout and guide for General Shields.
Committee on Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 2417) for the better
security of agricultural college funds was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
DISPOSITION OF MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 569) to provide
for the disposition of useless military reserva-
tions.
Mr, RAMSEY. I move that that be laid
on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SCOTT. I present some twenty peti-
tions, signed by about fourteen hundred citi-
zens of western Pennsylvania, asking the inter-
ference of Congress to prevent the construction
of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge in such
a manner as to interfere with the navigation
of the Ohio river. I move their reference to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am honored by being
charged with the presentation of a concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas; which I ask may be read, printed, and
laid upon the table.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House concurring
therein,) That our Senators be instructed, and our
ltepresentativcs requested, to ask of Congress, by bill
or otherwise, the auditing and payment of the claims
of the citizens of Kansas for losses sustained by the
illegal invasion of the territory of Kansas in the
years ] 855,1850, and 1857, by the pro-slavery bandits
and mobs, by reason of the wanton destruction and
appropriation by violence and force of the property
of the free-State people of said territory.
Adopted bv the senate January 18, 1871.
GrEORGE C. 0R0WT11EE, Secretary.
Concurred in by house January IS. 1871. I
A.  . BASKS, Chief Cle, k. ;
I, W. H. Smallwood, secretary of the State of !
Kansas, do hereby certify that theforegoing is a true
and correct copy of tho original resolution now on
file in my office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
my name and caused to be affixed the great
I move its reference to the Committee on Pen-
, sions.
[j The motion was agreed to.
; Mr. JOHNSTON also presented the rnerno-
Ij rial of Richard n. Bryan, praying compensation
for property taken for the use of the Army
J during the late war; which was referred to tho
!| Committee on Claims.
! Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Gen-
| oral John B. Clark, of Missouri, praying the
lj removal of his political disabilities; which
it was referred to the select Committee on the
|| Removal of Political Disabilities.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
j. Mr. POMEROY. In conjunction with the
1 chairman of the Committee on Private Land
1; Claims, [Mr. Williams,] I am requested and
!| instructed by the Committee on Public Lands
j; to ask that Friday of next week, after the
l! morning hour, be set apart for the conSidera-
|| tion of bills reported from the Committee on
1 Public Lands and the Committee on Private
; Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
I tion to the proposition of the Senator from
j Kansas ?
; Mr. COLE. I will not object; but I rise
j to inquire if there are special orders for the
i earlier days in the week ?
Mr. POMEROY. There are.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
i informed by the Secretary that there are no
i special orders for next week.
! Mr. POMEROY. But the present special
i orders will run into next week. That is my
| idea.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-'
I tion to the proposition of the Senator from
I Kansas?
Mr. COLE. I do not object; but I wish to
D, "J ill.V UlWUC llliu W VV, niinvwv*. VAJJJi J. " j   ;     - -
- *'J seal of the State at Topeka this the 19th day i llave Wednesday and Thursday next set apart
of January, A. D.18il._ > - - - * ■" " n "-■■■
W. H. SMALLWOOD,
Secretary of State,
The resolution was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY also presented resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas, ask-
for the consideration of bills from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. I put this off until Friday
so as not to interfere with other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair again
1 asks if there is objection?
