1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stearns, Thayer, Trum-
bull, Willey, and Wilson—38.'
NAYS—Messrs. Stewart and Thurman—2.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Casserly, art nil, Davis, Fenton, Kerry,
Iflanagan. Powler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris, Hill, Howard, Kellogg, Lewis. McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Revels, Rice,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Stoefcton, Snmner, Tipton,Viek-
ers, Warner, Williams, and Yates—33.
So the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was a'mended by striking
out the words " so-called," so as to read,
"A bill making appropriations for the eurrent
and contingent expenses ofthe Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30,1872, and for other purposes."
CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider House bill No. 2634.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. No, let us take up this
bill and leave it as unfinished business; that
is alL
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill named
by him.
Mr. CASSERLY. This motion is debatable,
I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to know
the reason why that bill is to be taken up to
the exclusion of the appropriation bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to hear the
bill read before I vote on taking it up.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; let us hear
it read.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed I was on the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is on the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not like precisely
that mode of being taken from the floor by
mere clamor from gentlemen in their seats.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was the
fault of the Chair, who supposed that the Sen-
ator had taken his seat.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; it was not the
fault of the Chair. It was the fault of Senators
who joined in the clamor. I have stood here
the whole of this evening attending to business
to the best of my ability. I conceive it to be
my right to inquire why this bill. should be
thrust in here to the exclusion of the appro-
priation bills, and I trust without any farther
interruptions I shall be allowed to say a few
words on this subject.
This night session has been forced here
under circumstances the most unusual, I think,
of which any one has any experience. This
is a night session on an appropriation bill, I
shall be obliged to wait until I can have silence
enough to be able to hear my own voice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
must avoid conversation, and preserve order.
The Senator from California will proceed.
Mr. CASSERLY. A night session on an
appropriation bill is an unusual thing. It is
still more unusual in this case, because nobody
has pretended that the minority in this Cham-
ber exhibited the slightest disposition to em-
barrass the passage of that bill. Probably it
would be true to say that neither upon that
bill nor the bill which preceded it did we avail
ourselves as fully as we might have done of
our privilege of discussion.
Whatever discussion has been had on either
of those bills has been had to a far greater
extent by the Senators of the majority than by
those of the minority. For one hour that was
occupied by any one Senator of the minority,
any Senator whom I might select out of the
majority, taking the average of them, has
occupied four'or five. We have been kept
here under the pretense of the necessity of
passing the appropriation bills. We " have
stayed here to .pass the Indian appropriation
bill. We have foregone our right to debate ;
we have passed a bill calling for nearly five
million dollars ; and I think I shall be within
bounds when I say that not one third of the
Senators had any accurate idea of the great
bulk of the provisions upon which they were
voting—not one third.
After that haste, after that precipitate, waste-
ful manner of passing that bill, for the sake of
getting it through, what do we see? We see
now at this hour of the night, when, if there
was any sincerity or any justifiable motive in
the conduct of the majority in keeping us here,
the course should have been to present the
next appropriation bill, my colleague sits in
his seat, and the Senator from New York gets
up here to thrust a bill into the face of the
Senate and into the front of the appropriation
bills to delay "them and to hinder them—a bill
which is not an appropriation bill, which is a
mere party measure of the most intense par-
tisan description.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from California yield to his colleague?
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the object of
the interruption?
Mr. COLE. To correct the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly; I am always
open to be corrected as to a fact.
Mr. COLE. The Senator misrepresents me
when he says I sat in my seat. I was. on my
feet; but the Senator from New York was
recognized in advance of me, though I ad-
dressed the Chair about as quickly as he did.
I do not wish to be misrepresented ; that is all.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to mis-
represent my colleague. I am rather glad to
hear that I was at all mistaken, although I was
looking directly to him for his action, and I
certainly did not see any motion on his part.
Still, he must be the best judge of that.
I say, sir, that this is a very extraordin-
ary spectacle, at the hour of half past ten
o'clock at night, after having forced through
the Indian appropriation bill, without even
any proper or becoming discussion of many
of the most important provisions in it, on the
pretext that otherwise there was danger of
the appropriation bills failing—a pretense that
every one knew was hollow and had nothing
in it; and we now see how hollow and insincere
that pretext was, by the action which has been
taken by the Senator from New York.
What is the hurry in passing this partisan
bill? Is there any? Last session was signal-
ized by the most extraordinary proceedings
that I ever saw, passing a bill under the pre-
tended and faldb title of a bill to enforce the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments—a bill
which was in effect to enable the dominant
party in this country to control the coming
elections by the military power of the country,
in violation of the plain provisions and spirit
of the Constitution.
I hear some gentleman speak of my being
out of order; and if any gentleman has an
objection to make in that way, let him rise and
make it.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I rise to make it. I call
the Senator to order for speaking on the merits
of the bill to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment, when the rule prohibits, as the Chair has
often decided, a discussion on the merits of
any bill, upon a motion to take it up or pro-
ceed to its consideration.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is not the rule, Mr.
President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call the Senator to order,
at any rate, and I have stated my point.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The merits of a
bill which it is moved to take op cannot be
discussed. If that be so, certainly the merits
of a bill not proposed to be taken up cannot
be discussed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I respectfully submit 1 o
the Chairman that that is not the rule of order
on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that it is ; and the Senator from Cali-
fornia will observe the decision of the Chair
or appeal.
Mr. CASSERLY. Undoubtedly the Sen-
ator from California always bows to superior
force. I shall endeavor not to trespass upon
the rules of order, although really it is difficult
for me.to determine what they are.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in hi3 seat.) That we
all pereeive.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California must not be interrupted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call the Senator from
Vermont to order for his continual, unseemly
addresses from his seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California has the floor and is enti-
tled to proceed without interruption from any
Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not intend to be
interrupted in this manner by the Senator from
Vermont without noticing it and speaking of
it as it deserves from henceforth. It is not
because the Senator from Vermont has a great
majority at his back that he must be wanting
not merely in parliamentary decorum "but iii
the common courtesies of civilized life. I
trust that is within order, Mr. President.
Now, sir, we certainly must be at liberty
to discuss why it is that an attempt is made to
override the appropriation bills in order to
thrust a measure in here which is certainly not
of any apparent necessity. We know what this
bill is. 1 shall not discuss its merits, because
I am warned beforehand that I must not do
so, and I always yield to the decision of the
Chair. I have been taught in my experience
t o yield to the decision of a court, even though
I had the best reason for believing it was
erroneous. But, sir, I say that I am unable to
conceive why, after being kept here as we have
been until this unseemly hour of the night,
under the pretext of putting the appropriation
bills through, we are now met by a motion
which shows how hollow all that pretense was.
Why sir, no one here is disposed to resist
the appropriation bills. I trust that whatever
may be the case with the majority of this body,
the minority of this body are too far above
the miserable partisanship which would prompt
them to obstruct clear measures of Govern-
ment upon which all of us ought to be agreed,
measures necessary to the efficient movements
and to the decent support of the Government.
We do not agree with your Administration ;
there are very few things which it has done
that meet our approbation. We regard it as
having violated in the most essential particu-
lars many of the great guarantees of the Con-
stitution. We believe it to have entered upon
a career which threatens the very existence of
this Government and the liberties of the peo-
ple down to their foundations. But, notwith-
standing that, we are far from the thought
that it is our duty under any circumstances
to obstruct your appropriation bills or in any
degree to resist those measures which, as I
said, are essential to the due administration
of the Government which is as much ours
as it is yours.
I trust that my colleague, if that be in order,
or if anything be in order here which happens
not to suit the views of the majority, will move
his appropriation bills and let us see what the
sincerity is of the majority in this Chamber in
the declarations of the urgent desire to have
the appropriation bills passed. Let us see
whether they consider the accomplishment of
a partisan end in the coming elections a higher
object than the passage of the appropriation
bills, which as they haveasserted, and we agree,
are essential to be passed at this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
