156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Senate.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
over the elections which your laws are meant
to purify 1 Such infamous attempts had never
been made in the greatest excitement of oar
previous contests. The conduct of elections
 n Delaware will compare favorably with those
in any part of this country. It was a wanton
insult and a monstrous outrage to propose
that any force was necessary to induce the
people of the State of Delaware to stand by
the laws of their State and keep good faith
will all men.
Sir, I have said that the power for all this
was alleged to exist under the fifteenth amend-
ment, and also in the fourth section of the first
article of the Constitution, which I have read.
My answer is that such a power cannot exist,
and it cannot be executed by the means by
which Congress proposes to execute it; that
is to say, by making'offenses against our State
law offenses against the laws of the United
States, and executing State laws by Federal
agencies. The fifteenth amendment, which I
have read, lias simply the effect of avoiding all
provisions of State laws or State constitutions
which in any way deny or abridge the right of
citizens of the United States to vote on account
of their race, color, or previous condition of
servitude. The prohibition contained in this
amendment is a prohibition to the States from
creating certain-named disqualifications. It
prevents the enactment by a State of that which
shall in fact deny or abridge the right of any
citizen of the United States to vote, by reason
of the causes which 1 have named. It does
not give any power, and no grant of power can
justly or reasonably be inferred from it to
interfere with the elections of a State.
Why, sir, as I said before, there is no queS'
tion of citizenship within the control of the
Congress of the United States except that of
removing the disabilities of alienage, and now
another portion of the Constitution of the
United States has removed disabilities in con-
nection with voting by reason of color, race, or
previous condition ; but the grant in the one
case is no larger than in the other. If, under
the reasoning adopted by Judge Curtis,' the
power of Congress before the ratification of
the fifteenth amendment extended simply and
only to removing the disabilities of alienage,
and thereby permitting men to become citi-
zens, if it stopped there, as I have shown, then
a fortiori the language of the fifteenth amend-
ment contains even a less direct grant of power
to Congress than this portion of the Constitu-
tion, which gives the power to naturalize citi-
zens, because the fifteenth amendment is not
a grant of power; it is a mere prohibition
against tire States by any provision of their
laws or constitutions denying or abridging this
right of voting, and Congress may by appro-
priate legislation enforce such result. Now,
which one of the States of this Union has pre-
tended to abridge or deny this right or infringe
the fifteenth amendment? Not one.
Can it be called "appropriate legislation,"
in the first place, when no attempt has been
made to deny or abridge this right, that you
should not only pass a law in distinct terms
saying that it shall not be done, and that if it
is done there shall be a penalty for such infrac-
tion? Such might be "appropriate legisla-
tion;" but seizing hold of this small thread,
you have made it a pretext for an assumption
of power to enter the States and lay your hand
upon their whole system of voting and carry-
ing on elections. Why, sir, the founders of
this Government would have shuddered at
such propositions as we now see. What was
said by Judge Curtis in the opinion I have
already cited ?
"When such a method of interpretation of the
Constitution attains in place ot a republican Gov-
ernment, with limited and defined powers, we have
a Government which is meiely ,.u exponent ot the
will ot Congress.''
And hear also what Alexander Hamilton i
thought on this subject, when it was not pro-
posed to be backed by an army of marshals,
armed with revolvers and bludgeons, or troops
with bayonets and shotted guns, with men-of-
war commanding the peaceful streets of your
cities. In No. 49 of the Federalist, this ques-
tion is thus referred to by him:
"Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to reg-
ulate the elections for the particular States, would
any man have hesitated to condemn it, both as an
unwarrantable transposition of power and as a pre-
meditated engine for the destruction of the State
governments. The violation of principle in this case
would have required no comment; and, to an un-
biassed observer, it will not be less apparent in the
project of subjecting the existence of the national
Government in a similar respect to the pleasure of
tho State governments. An impartial view of the
matter cannot fail to result in a conviction that each,
as far as possible, ought to depend on itself for its
own preservation."
In the fiftieth number he declares on the
same subject:
" The improbability of the attempt
That is to say, this attempt of Congress by
its law to seek to regulate the elections of the
various States.
"The improbability of the attempt maybe satis-
factorily inferred from this single reflection, that it
could never be made without causing an immediate
revolt of the great body of the people, headed and
directed by the State Government. It is not diffi-
cult to conceive that this characteristic right of
freedom may, in certain turbulent and factious
seasons, be violated in respect to a particular class
of citizens by a victorious majority; but that so
fundamental a privilege, in a country situated and
enlightened as this is, should be invaded to the
prejudice of the great mass of the people, by the
deliberate policy of the Government, without occa-
sioning a popular revolution, is altogether inconceiv-
able and incredible."
Would to God, sir, that we could at this
day witness the uprising of such a sentiment
among our people that should give to the pres-
ent Congress and Executive such significant
intimations of the intention to resist in every
mode these assaults upon the essential rights,
reserved to the States and people of the States
for their protection against the overshadowing
powers of the General Government, as would
render such attempts in the future " altogether
inconceivable and incredible," as they were
to the mind of the patriotic Hamilton.
There was a response, and a gratifying one,
to this long-buried sentiment of Hamilton by
the Governor and State officials of New York
last fall which proved that, though they have
thePyrrhic dance as yet," they havenot for-
got,ten how to form the "Pyrrhic phalanx."
Let me refer also to No. 46 of the Federalist,
touching this all-important subject:
"The only refuge left for those who prophesy the
downfall of the State governments is the visionary
supposition that that Federal Government may
previously accumula te a military force for the pro-
jects of ambition. Thereasonings contained in these
papers must have been employed to little purpose
indeed it'it could be necessary to disprove the reality
of the danger. That the people and the States
should tor a sufficient period of time elect an unin-
terrupted succession of men ready to betray both;
that the traitors should throughout this period uni-
formly and systematically pursue some fixed plan
ior the extension of the military establishment; that
tne government and the people of the States should
silently and patiently behold the gathering storm
and continue to supply the materials until it should
be prepared to burst on their own heads, must ap-
pear to every one more like the incoheient dreams
of a delirious jealousy, or the misjudged exaggera-
tions ot a counterfeit zeal, than like the sober appre-
hensions of genuine patriotism."
And on the following page—and I wish my
countrymen to remember that Alexander Ham-
ilton, the great advocate and expounder of
our Constitution, in contemplating the possi-
bility of such acts as I now complain of on the
part of Congress—he, the soldier and states-
man, one of the very first men in all respects
our country ever produced, declared :
"Besides the advantage of being armed, which the
Americans possess over the people of almost every
other nation, the existence of subordinate govern-
ments , to which the people are attached, and by
which the mihtia officers arc appointed, forms a
barrier against the enterprises of atnbitiun more in-
surmountable than any which a simple government
of any-form canadmitof. Notwithstanding the
military establishments in the several kingdoms of
Europe, which are carried as far as the public re-
sources will bear, the Governments are afraid to trust
the people with arms, and it is not certain that with
this aid alone they would not be able to shake off
their yokes. But were the people to possess the ad-
ditional advantagesof local governments chosen by
themselves, who could collect the national will and
direct the national force, and of officers appointed out
of the militia by these Governments and attached both
to them and to themilitia.it may be affirmed with the
gren test assurance that the throne of every tyranny
in Europe would be speedily overturned in spite of
the legions which surround it. Let us nor. insult the
free and gallant citizens of America with the sus-
picion that they would be less able to defend the
rights of which they would be in actual possession
than the debased subjects of arbitrary power would
be to rescue theirs from the hands of their oppress-
ors. Let us rather no longer insult them with the
supposition that they can ever reduce themselves to
the necessity of making the experiment by a blind
and tame submission to the long train of insidious
measures which must precede and produce it."
This was the voice of Hamilton, and should
to-day ring like the clarion of liberty through
this land. He could scarcely contemplate the
possibility of such propositions as we are to-
day considering, and I ask my fellow-country-
men to consider how he viewed such things;
what remedies he proposed for such attempts;
and when we consider the measure which is
now sought to be forced into a law, to ask our-
selves, like brave men, how should we con-
front such attempts as these?
"01 for the ancient spirit that curbed tho senate's
will!
0! for the tents that in old time whitened the
sacred hill 1"
Am I not fully sustained, sir, in saying that
the militia of the several States, whose offi-
cers are to be appointed by the several States
when called into service by the Federal Gov-
ernment. constitute the only armed force con-
templated by the Constitution which may be
lawfully called in to aid in the execution of
the Jaws?
What is the result of any other interpreta-
tion of the Constitution (to use the words of
Judge Curtis in Scott vs. Sandford) than to
leave us—
" Under the government of individual men, who
have for the time being power to declare what the
Constitution is according to their own views of what
it ought to mean. In placo of republican govern-
ment, with limited and defined powers, we have a
government which is merely an exponent of the will
of Congress."
In this connection, as to the want, of power
in Congress to use the instrumentalities of laws
or officers of the States to enforce its legisla-
tion, I ask the attention of the Senate to the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of Prigg vs. The Common-
wealth ,of Pennsylvania, 16 Peters, 539. In
that case Judge Story, delivering the opinion
of the court, declared that it is impossible for
the Government of the Qnited States to com-
pel the States to pass legislation to carry out
its views. At page 617 he says—
/'That the legislation of Congreps, if constitu-
tional, must supersede all State iegislationupon the
same subject; and by necessary implication prohibit
it. For if Congress have a constitutional power to
regulate a particular subject, and they do actually
regulate it in a given manner and in a certain form,
it cannot be that the State Legislatures have aright
to interfere, and, as it were, by way of complement
to tbe legislation of Congress, to prescribe additional
regulations, and what they may deem auxiliary pro-
visions fur the same purpose."
And at page 623 he declares ;
"It would be a strange anomaly, and forced con-
struction, to suppose that the national Government
meantto relyfortheduefnlfillment ofits own proper
duties, and the^ rights which it intended to securo,
upon fetate legislation, and not upon that of tho
Union. A fortiori, it would be more objectionable
to suppose that a power which was to be the same
throughout the Union should be confided to State
sovereignty, which could not rightfully act beyond
its own territorial limits.
In the next place, the nature of the provision
and the objects to be attained by it require that it
should be controlled by one and the s.imewill, and
act umiormiy by the same system of regulations
throughout the Union."
Mr. President, it is perfectly plain that the
