1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
its title, referred to tiie Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBOHN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1268} providing for the improvemen^of the bar
at ihe mouth of the St. John's river, Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1269)
to establish the collection district of Tampa,
in the State of Florida; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1270)
to create an additional land district in Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1271) to amend an act for the relief of
Jeanim Atkins, approved February 15, 1870;
which was read twice by its title,' referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
FORM OP ENACTING CLAUSE, ETC.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call up a
bill that will take but a moment, I think. It i3
House bill No. 1361. It is a bill, I will state,
prescribing the form of enacting and'resolving
clauses of acts and resolutions of Congress,
and rules for the construction thereof. It will
save a good deal of verbiage in the statutes.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1351) prescribing the
form of the enacting and resolving clauses of
acts and resolutions of Congress, and rules
for the construction thereof.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment.
The amendment was in line six of section
one,.after the word ''resolutions,1' to insert
the words "having the force of law;" and
after the word "follows," in line eight, to
strike out the words "and single resolutions
of either House of Congress shall be in the
same form, except the word 'Senate.' or
'House of Representatives,' shall be substi-
tuted for the word ' Congress ;"' so as to make
the first section of the bill read:
That the enacting clause of all acts of Congress
hereafter enacted shall be in the following form:
"Beit enacted by the Congress of the United Sj ates
as follows," and the resolving clause of all_ joint
resolutions having the force of law shall be in the
following? form: "Resolved by the Congress of the
United States as follows;" and np further enacting
or resolving words shall be used in any subsequent
section or resolution after the first; and eaeh sec-
tion shall be numbered, and contain as nearly as
may be a single proposition of enactment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second section declares that in all acts
hereafter passed, words importing the sin-
gular number may extend and beappliedto j
several persons or things ; words importing j
the plural number may include the singular; j
words importing the masculine gender may be j
applied to females; the words "insane per- 1
sou" and "lunatic" shall include every idiot, j
noil compos, lunatic, insane, and distracted >
person ; and .Ihe word " person " may extend j
and be applied to bodies politic and corporate ; |
and the reference to any officer shall include |
any person authorized by law to perform the j
duties of such office, unless the context shows I
that such words were intended to be used in a
more limited sense ; and the word " oath" shall
include "affirmation" in cases where by law
an affirmation maybe substituted for an oath;
and in like cases the word " sworn " shall in-
clude the word "affirm." The third section
declares that whenever an act shall be repealed
■which repealed a former act such former act
shall not thereby be revived, unless it shall be
expressly so provided. The fourth section pro-
vides that the repeal of any statute shall not
have the effect to release or extinguish any
penalty, forfeiture,*or liability incurred, under
sueh statute, unless the repealing act shall so
expressly provide ; and such statute shall be
treated as still remaining in force for the pur-
pose of sustaining any proper action or prose-
cution for the enforcement of sueh penalty,
forfeiture, or liability.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a mere question
of tastebut notwithstanding all the amend-
ments of the law as to the construction of
statutes which this bill makes, and which I
think will add very much to the public con-
venience, I like best the old form of com-
mencing: " Be it enacted by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled." I think
it is very dignified and very expressive. If
the chairman will allow that to stand, I think
the other amendments made by the bill will
prove a very great convenience.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the proposed
formula?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposed formula
is " Be it enacted by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States."
Mr. SUMMER. That is better.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is briefer. Theonly
object is to get rid of a great deal of verbosity
in our statutes by providing that when the
word "he" is used it shall include females as
well as males; that the singular shall in.clude
the plural and the plural the singular; and to
avoid the repetition of the enacting clause at
the commencement of each section of our
statutes, one bill running sometimes sixty or
seventy sections, and each section after the
first being preceded by the words " And be it
further enacted." There is no need of that.
It is all surplusage. This bill, which has passed
the House of Representatives, simplifies the
phraseology of our statutes; it conforms to the
usage in most of the States of. the Union, and
will save very considerable printing, I will state
to my friend from Rhode Island. It changes
no laws, any further than it simplifies the mode
of enactment.
Mr. HOWARD. I am rather attached to
the old forms, those venerable forms which
have been taught us in our infancy, and to
which we have been accustomed since the
commencement of the Government. I do not
see any propriety in changing the form of
enactment, although I should be in favor of
omitting that clause in an ordinary statute
which is found to precede every section, "And
be it further enacted." I think that is pure
surplusage; but the form of enactment, I
think, ought to be preserved because it is ven-
erable ; the country has been accustomed to it
from the beginning of the Government, and I
am rather opposed to changing these ancient
forms.
There are many things in the bill also which
I think ought to be considered before we act
upon it. I noticed several during the reading
by the Clerk that struck me as innovations on
the law as it now stands, especially that clause
which declares that the repeal of a repealing
statute by a subsequent one shall not be held
to revive the former statute, which was repealed
before. I think that wants some further con-
sideration. I dare say the committee have
considered it very fully. The principle is cor-
rect enough, and I am quite aware that it is
one which exists in the statutes of almost all
the States; but it does not exist at common
law : it is not a common law principle. The
common law principle is that the repeal of a
repealing statute revives the statute repealed.
This may lead to questions of great difficulty.
I would prefer to leave the old law as it stands,
without this innovation. I do not see any
necessity for it. The country is accustomed
to the law as it now stands; and why attempt
to alter it in this summary manner?
_ I merely throw out these suggestions with a
view of having them considered by the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am inclined to concur
with the Senator from Michigan, and I think
parity of reasoning perhaps will induce him to
concur with me in regard to another feature
of the bill.
When I was a member of the other House
there was no such thing in legislation known
; as a joint resolution. It is a modern innova-
j tion. It has the force and effect of law. Why,
then, shall not all your laws have the same
enacting clause? Why have a joint resolution
at all ? And I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois, who has reported this bill, that if we
are going to prescribe the enacting clause of
bills of the House and the Senate, we should
prescribe them for all, and provide that all
acts shall be by bill. This thing of a joint
resolution requires just as many readings, it
has to go through all the stages and processes
of legislation that a bill does, and then has the
same force of law. Now, why should we
I have our statutes incumbered with legislation
headed by different modes of enactment? I
can see no reason in the world for it, and I
think it ought to go. I would maintain the
old enacting clause, which has been from the
foundation of the Government observed, and
have all your bills of legislation have the same
enacting clause, and do away with these joint
resolutions, which are a modern innovation,
and have your bills all alike.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say that I agree
with the Senator from Maine. The system of
joint resolutions, as he says, is a modern in-
novation and I think the sooner it is dispensed
with the better.
The Senator did not refer, however, in his
statement to one difficulty or incongruity which
that causes. It is in the statute-book. You have
acts of Congress under two different heads, of
"acts" and then of "joint resolutions," and
I ask Senators if we do not almost daily expe-
rience some difficulty in finding what we want,
simply from that double arrangement.
I think, therefore, we should bring all that
are essentially alike together, and as the Sen-
ator says a joint resolution is identical in char-
acter and value and operation with an act,
therefore it seems to me it should be so denom-
inated. I hope, therefore, the chairman of
the committee will allow the bill to be amended
in that particular. While we are simplifying
let us complete our work.
And now, as this subject is before us, I would
call attention to another point of simplification.
It is now many years since I brought forward
in this Chamber a proposition to do away with
parchment or enrolled bills. The Legislature
of Massachusetts and the Congress of the Uni-
ted States are, I believe, the only two legisla-
tive bodies on this side of the Atlantic where
parchment is used for enrolled bills. I am not
aware that it is used in any State of the Union
except Massachusetts, where it has been handed
down from old colonial days; and here in Con-
gress you maysaythatitwashanded down from
colonial days, for when Congress began, the
system adopted was the old colonial system ;
and indeed there was a reason for it then which
does not exist now, because our statutes were
all deposited in the State Department, andthe
copies there deposited became evidence in a
court of justice. _ But now, by act of Congress,
our statute-book is evidence. Therefore, there
seems to be no reason why we should go every
day through this surplusage of labor by having
our acts enrolled on parchment. It is contrary
to economy; it is contrary to convenience.
And I think while we are engaged in this pro-
cess of simplification we had better do away
with parchment; and I think the suggestion
of the Senator from 'Maine is still more im-
portant. I hope the chairman of the commit-
tee will consentto allow the bill to be amended,
so as to do away with joint resolutions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may, perhaps,
