1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1601
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] called for
the reading of the bill. The bill will be read
by the Secretary.
Mr. NYE. Can the bill be read before it is
taken up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported by ita title.
Mr. CONKLING. Does any Senator de-
mand the reading of the bill? [" No."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois called for the reading of the
bill, in order, the Chair supposes, to learn what
the bill was;
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator does
not insist on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the title of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 2634)
to amend an act approved May 31, 1870, en-
titled "An act to enforce the rights of citi-
zens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes."
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, to proceed to the consideration of this
bill, .
Mr. BAYARD. It was the understanding,
as I thought, of this body, which kept most of
us here much behind the usual time of ad-
journment, that the need of oar staying was the
passage of the appropriation bills for the neces-
sary expenses of the Government. Forthatpur-
pose I remained here steadily in this Chamber
until, I think, about half past eight o'clock, and
absented myself then but for a very short time,
while there was a call made for the absentees
from the Chamber, a much larger proportion
of the gentlemen with whom I act in this body
being present than of the other side, and the
deficiency of a quorum being caused by the
absence of members of the majority party.
Well, sir, we remained here. The appropria-
tion bill was not obstructed ; on the contrary
there was an abstinence from the usual and
very reasonable amount of debate on the vari-
ous propositions. It was because it was an
appropriation bill that I and others remained
here, for the purpose of doing our duty and
making appropriations for the Government
expenses. And I do not now think it is pre-
cisely in good faith that, at this time of night,
and after so prolonged a session, a measure
which has no just precedence on any score
should now be put in between other appropri-
ation bills, putting them to what we were told
some days since was the risk of their not being
passed. We have heard in this Chamber for
the last week continual appeals by the honor-
able Senator from California [Mr. Cole] who
now heads the Committee on Appropriations,
that all other business should give way for this
business of the Government; that all other
claims were to be pushed aside; and time and
time again has he, not only backed by his party
friends butbacked by myself and others, so far
as our feeble influence and votes went, been
assisted to have the place given in precedence
of discussion to the appropriation bills, to the
exclusion of other measures.
Now, sir, why is it that at this time, when the
session is still iurther advanced, the argument
rn favor of the passage of the appropriation
bills grows wea"ker ? What can be the cause
for it? There will be a reason to be asked
and there must an answer be given to satisfy
others than there are in this Chamber. If it
was a necessity to put other measures and other
bills aside for the appropriation bills three or
four days or a week ago, is it not more neces-
sary now that other measures should give way ?
Gentlemen have risen here and declined to
entertain measures; they have freely an-
nounced that measures could not be discussed
or considered. Why? Because what you call
the n'ecessary business of the session, the pas-
sage of the appropriation bills, remained to
be discussed by the Senate, and the time grew
short; and what a commentary is it upon all
the statements made, and made over and over
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 101.
by the leading members and friends of the
Administration party on this floor, without one
word of dissent or opposition from the minor-
ity on this floor, that here at this time we are
told, "This was all good enough law and good
enough reason so long as we had not some
party measure to pass; but when that cornea,
to the winds with yonr appropriation bills;
we will consider politics first, and we will con-
sider public duty and advantage after that."
That is the condition of things apparently, it
seems to me, by bringing up this bill at this
time.
Of course it is said that if we have this bill
taken up now the Senate will then very gladly
adjourn. It is how nearly eleven o'clock,
and we came here at eleven this morning.
There has been a continual session for nearly
twelve hours steadily on, and what is the ob-
ject of profracting it now? Why was not the
usual motion to adjourn at the end of the
business of the day accepted by the Senate?
Simply that party comes in; and I very well
know that when the party trumpet is rung
through this Chamber no other sound can be
heard, or certainly none heeded; and yet, at
the same time, let it ring never so loud, there
are other voices to be heard in opposition to
it; let it try to drown them as it may, they
will not be drowned forever.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, we have
passed, I believe, but two appropriation bills.
How maay the House of Representatives has
passed I do not know, but I think four or five
more than we have passed. I make that state-
ment subject to correction. I shall be glad to
be informed how many.
Mr. COLE. We have passed five appropri-
ation bills, and there are three now before the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Three that have been
passed by the House and reported by our own
committee. We have the Post Office appropri-
ation bill yet to consider; we have the Army
appropriation bill, the Navy appropriation bill;
we have that bill which gathers into it every
thing else; the miscellaneous bill; and we
have, lam told, a deficiency bill of $13,000,000.
We have these bills to consider. This is the
23d of the month; there are five days more
in this month, and one of those is Sunday,
and there are three and a half days in the next
month.
Mr. President, the majority in this Senate
are responsible for its action. I do not say
that the minority have no responsibility, for
they have responsibility; but I put it to the
majority, who can do as they please, and there-
fore upon whom the responsibility mainly rests,
whether these measures should be thrust aside
in order to fake up a measure — I will not say
whether it is partisan or not—but a measure
of the character of that which the Senator
from New York asks the Senate to make the
unfinished business for to-morrow. I ask the
Senate what is the use of it? If this measure
is necessary it can be passed at the session
which is to commence on the 4th of March ;
it can be passed before any election can be
held. There will be no election in all the
United States that can come under the opera-
tion of the bill before it can be passed ac the
session which will commence on the 4th of
March. And now, unless it; is for the very
purpose of preventing anything like a fair and
honest investigation of these appropriation
bills, I ask why is this measure thrust upon
the Senate at this time?
Senators know very well that it cannot be
passed without discussion. They know very
well that it will occupy no inconsiderable time
of the Senate. They know, if it is to be sat
out, as the Senator from New York asked the
Senate the other day to sit it out whenever lie
coukl get it up, it requires a session of all the
day to-morrow and perhaps all the night of
to-morrow, and will leave the Senate in a very
poor condition to enter upon any serious work
the next day. I ask again, cui bono, when,
before any elections can be held in the United
States to which this bill would have any ap-
plication whatsoever, you will have another
session of Congress and you can pass the bill
if it ought to be passed?
I must say that it seems to me to be the
sheer wantonness of strength and power. I can
conceive of no reason for it, unless indeed what
I would not attribute to a single member of the
Senate, that there is a disposition to prevent
any fair discussion of the expenditures of the
Government.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I do not
wish, even in appearance, to set myself against
a decision of the Chair, however much I may
dissent from it. I should like to present one
feature that seems to me to belong to this dis-
cussion. I will state what that feature is in
advance. I hope I misunderstood the Chair
in his former ruling. I was disenssing, when
I was interrupted by the Senator from Ver-
mont, the peculiarities of the bill passed at
the last session, under which military force was
employed so freely at the elections recently.
I was not discussing the merits of the bill pro-
posed to be called up by the Senator from
New York. Do I understand the Chair now
to rule that upon a motion to take up a bill it
is not in order to discuss previous legislation
on any subject, either by way of illustration
or otherwise?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California is aware that the chair is
temporarily occupied by a very inexperienced
Senator. Understanding the rule as I do,
however, and ruling now on my own respons-
ibility, I should say that the spirit of the rule
excluded any discussion except that which
bore upon the question pending, to wit: the
taking up of the bill, and that a discussion of
the merits of a bill which had passed this body
and become a law could not bear upon that
question, and would be therefore out of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And, Mr. President, if
the Senator from California 
Mr. CASSERLY. One moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Vermont?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair and Senate
will pardon me, I will simply say that that
is precisely in accordance with the repeated
decisions of the Vice President within the last
four weeks, three or four of which I remember.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good; the Senator
from Vermont is not in the chair, and I can
freely canvass what he says. I never heard
any such rulings, and I shall be very much
surprised to learn authentically that they were
ever made. The reason of the other rule is
perfectly cle?,r, that you shall not by discuss-
ing the merits of the bill to be taken up fore-
stall the whole discussion, because that would
be endless; but you can always discuss the
merits of the bill proposed to be put aside.^
and a fortiori you can discuss the merits of
former bills. That is all I rose to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule then
could never reach the result intended, because
there never could be an end of discussion. If
all the law passed during the last century
could be discussed on a question like this
there could be no end.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to debate
with the Chair, but I think that argument
applies to debate on the merits of the bills to
be put aside as well as of bills previously
SDSCtddt
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
New York, to proceed to the consideration of
the bill named by him.
Mr. THlTRMxVN. I move to strike out the
name of thebill mentioned by the Senator from
New York and to insert in lieu of it the Post
Office appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not in order.
Mr. THURMAN. Why not?
