168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[February 24,
Senate.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
be held ready, without awaiting the processes
of civil laws, to act upon every attempted case
of violation of the State laws regulating elec-
tions. Elections, as I have stated before, must
be free. An election that is not free is a fraud
upon the people, and it is better for them clearly
to understand it. If for the purpose of coun-
teracting (he improper and corrupt practices
charged against Tammany Hall the whole
elective system of the country is to be subjected
to such intimidation by military force as is pro-
posed by this bill, it will be curing one evil by
another far greater and more fatally dangerous
to our liberties. Such use of the Army and
Navy of the nation is fraudulent in the worst
sense of the word; it is a gross betrayal of a
trust of power by the people in the present
Executive and Congress. Burke said :
"What can sound with such horrid discordance in
the moral ear as the position that a delegate, with
limited powers, may not break his sworn engage-
ments to his constituents, assume an authority never
committed to him, to alter all things at his pleasure,
and then, if he can persuade a large number of men
to flutter him in the power he has usurped, that he
is absolved in his own conscience and ought to stand
acquitted in his own conscience.
"This is to make the success ' of villainy the stand-
ard of innocence.'"
This bill proposes to encamp soldiers around
the polls, and submit them to the orders of par-
tisan appointees, withoutlimitation as to num-
ber, and completely absolved from all police
powers essential to the States forthe protection
of their citizens. This is almost anarchy, and
contrary not only to the clearly expressed pro-
visions of the Constitution, but hostile to the
spirit of our laws. By the laws of England,
from whom we have inherited our chief bul-
warks of civil liberty, such interference with the
freedom of elections is regarded with abhor-
rence; and Blackstone, in his Commentaries,
treating of elections, uses the following lan-
guage :
"As it is essential to tho very beingof Parliament
that elections should be absolutely free, therefore
all undue influences upon the electors are illegal
anl stiungly prohibited; for Mr. Locke ranks it
among those breaches of trust in tho executive magis-
trate which, according to his notions, amount to a
dissolution of the Government, 'if he employs the
lorce, treasure, andofiicesot thesociety tocorruptthe
representatives, or openly to pieengage the elect-
ors, and prescribe what manner of persons shall bo
chosen. For thus to regulate candidates and doct-
ors, and new-model the ways of election, what is it
(says be) but to cut up the Governmentby the roots,
and poison the very fountain of public security?'
As soon, therefore, as the time and place of election,
either in counties or boroughs, are fixed, all soldiers
Quartered in the.place are to remove, at least one day
before the election, to the distance of two miles or
more, and not to return till one day after the poll is
ended.
This was law in England nearly two hun-
dred years ago, and subsequent provisions of
a similar character have been added to fortify
the subject in his enjoyment of his liberties
and in the freedom of his elections. What is
the use of talking about the frauds in the city
of New York, supposing them to exist, when
this very atlempt is made to " preengage the
electors" by the intimidation of your Army
and your Navy all over the United States, and
then tell the people of this country they have
had a free choice. Why, sir, it is a fraud so
gigantic as to dwarf anything that was ever
dreamed of even by the politicians in the city
of New York on either side. Was not this
done in this country? 1 appeal to the people
of this country of both parties; have not
these things, which Blackstone declares to
"amount to a dissolution of the Government
and cutting it up by the roots," been done
since the 4th of March, 1809, in cases without
number by the present Executive, assisted by
Congress ?
Sir, we have witnessed the perpetration of
each and all the offenses recited by Locke
until it has almost become a habitual prac-
tice, and our people have lost their sense of
the dangers involved.
I note constantly and with alarm that our
people are so bent on accumulating wealth,
so given over to the pursuits of gain, that they
are forgetting the conditions by which alone
they can be protected in the enjoyment of the
wealth they love so dearly.
It is only by a recurrence to the principles
of civil liberty, by insisting upon the limita-
tions of power upon those in whose hands
power has been intrusted, that liberty can be
preserved. Will our people pause to realize
these truths ?
And I would here say to my countrymen
that I do ascribe most of the present condition
of indifference to subjects like the present to
the merging of the individual characters of the
men of the country in the vast system of in-
corporation into which this country has madly
gone; these monster corporations whose shad-
ows darken every legislative council chamber
in the .land, whose power threatens the very
existence of our political institutions, who
hold from the Government imperial grants of
land which belong to the people, and which
Congress, faithless to their trust to the.actual
settlers, have given away in mortmain to be
held by these corporations which never die.
Why, sir, some of the vastest fortunes of our
day have been made by speculations in the
public lands granted to railway corporations.
These monster corporations have been created
by the Radical party. Under the nourishment
of that party they have attained their present
enormous growth. To them and to their influ-
ence we owe much of the present debauched
condition of the public mind on these essential
questions of civil liberty. But still I hope,
and still I appeal with hope to the calm good
sense, the "sober second thought," of my
countrymen, that although the ballot be fet-
tered and invaded by unjust laws, nevertheless
it will remain within their power to control,
and that there is a peaceful and certain remedy
for the dangers which threaten us, if they will
bat cast off the inthrallments of private inter-
est and party allegiance "and rise into the
higher, pureratmosphere of patriotic endeavor.
Now, sir, I wish to consider for a few mo-
ments some provisions of this bill in detail. In
the first place, it grants discretionary power to
a class of very unfit men; a class, unlimited
as to number, of partisans, known to be such
in advance. Lord Camden's fine saying was
that the discretion of a judge was the law of
tyrants. If true of tho high dignitaries of
judicial station, what are you to say when you
place such enormous powers in the hands of
a set of illiterate and violent partisans, as is
proposed by this bill? This bill violates that
which I had always supposed was conceded
without limit to the States, and that is the
power of police control over matters within
their boundaries. The authority to which I
have just referred, (Judge Story's decision in
the case of .Prigg vs. The Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, 16 Peters,) after speaking of cer-
tain powers belonging to the Government, and
admitted to be in Congress, says:
" To guard, however, against any possible miscon-
struction ot our views, it is proper to state that we
arc by no means to be understood in any manner
whatsoever to doubt or to interfere with the police
power belonging to the States in virtue of their
general sovereignty. That police power extends
over ail subjects within the territorial limits of the
fctates; and has never been, conceded to the United
States."
Judge Story's language there is that this
police power extends over all subjects within
the territorial limits of the State. The effect
of this bill is to take.that power from the State
and to prevent its exercise at the very time
when the State most essentially needs it.
Why, sir, look at this bill. The tenth section
provides :
That whoever, with or without any authority,
power, or process, or pretended authority, power, or
process, of any State, territorial, or municipal au-
thority, shall obstruct, hinder, assault, or by bribery,
solicitation, or otherwiso, interfere with or prevent I
the supervisors of election, or either of them, or the
marshal or his general or special deputies, or either
of them, in the performance of any duty required
of them, or either of them, or which ho or they, or
either of them, may be authorized to perform by
any law of the United States, whether in the exe-
cution of process or otherwise, or shall by any of
the means before mentioned hinder or prevent the
free attendance and presence at such places of re-
gistration or at such polls of election, or full and
free access and egress to and from any such place of
registration or poll of election, or in going to and
from any such place of registration or poll of elec-
tion, or to and from any room where any such regis-
tration or election or canvass of votes, or of making
any returns or certificates thereof may be had, or
shall molest, interfere with, remove, or eject Irom
any such place of registration or poll of election, or
of canvassing votes east thereat, or of making re-
turns or certificates thereof, any supervisor of elec-
tion, the marshal, or his general or special deputies,
or either of them, or shall threaten, or attempt, or
offer so to do, or shall refuse or neglect to aid and
assist any supervisor of election, or the marshal or
his general or special deputies, or either of them, in
the performance of his or their duties when required
by him or them, or either of them, to give such aid
and assistance, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and liable to instant arrest without process, and on
conviction thereof shall be punished by imprison-
ment not more than two years, or by fine not more
than $3,000, or by both such line and imprisonment,
and shall pay the costs of the prosecution.
Now, sir, what is the result of that? Pic-
ture to yourself an election poll. There are
present a number of deputy marshals, general
and special. There are no limitations in this
bill upon the number that any marshal may
appoint. One of these deputy marshals may
have committed a felony—a very probable
circumstance when the character of previous
appointees is considered. The sheriff may
be in search of him; but the polls become a
sanctuary ; the place of canvassing and voting
is something that cannot be intruded upon by
the foot of law; and the badge that the mar-
shal shall put upon his coat will be a panoply
of defense, so that, no matter how heinous his
crime, the law cannot touch him. Therefore
this statute, professedly intended to make elec-
tions pure, provides for the presence of law-
breakers at the election without the possibility
of their arrest by any State authority. The
marshal may commit what outrage he sees fit.
He may grossly assault or insult the most re-
spectable person of either sex, and under this
law he cannot be arrested. Nay, he may com-
mit the foulest of crimes, and yet his person
is safe, because he cannot be touched by pro-
cess in the hands of any officer, however au-
thorized, pending the existence of his appoint-
ment as marshal and his performance of the
duties here indicated.
Is not that monstrous? Is it not a farce to
talk about a provision of that kind being in-
tended to secure the purity of elections, to
keep the peace of elections ? What becomes
of all the State laws? Wo have abundance
of them. Assaults and batteries anywhere
near the polls on election day are punished
with greater severity than they are if commit-
ted on other days and at other places. Is it
possible that such things can be contemplated,
and Senators can suppose that there can be
no collision under it; that men of the class
whom we have seen appointed to the office
of deputy marshal, disreputable men, violent
partisans, will not seek that day and that place
for the commission of those outrages when
they feel themselves protected against all.at-
tempts to punish them ? So long as they there
remain they are safe, no matter what they
have done. Why, sir, according to this bill
murder itself may be committed by one of the
officers appointed^ under it, and no process can
be served upon him while he is attending to
his duty .on that day and in that place. Is it
possible, can it be, that a fair election can be
held under such a law unless the people who
surround those polls shall protect themselves,
and that without reference to this law or any
of its provisions ?
Now, let us see another feature of the law.
I have shown you that these deputy marshals,
