776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
be some propriety in leaving in theword '' res-
olution." I should quite agree with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if this were a question
new and void of all precedent heretofore and
all constitutional language. Then it might
be well to leave it out; but the Senator from
Massachusetts is quite aware that the Consti-
tution itself speaks of resolutions passed by
Congress which require the assent of the Pres-
ident. This is a House bill, and I suppose it
likely the word " resolution " may have been
retained in it, as the Constitution does con-
template the passage of resolutions as well as
acts which go to the President. I do- not
myself see any necessity for them. We might
as well do by act what we do by joint resolu-
tion. Those resolutions have the force of law;
but it being a constitutional term, I suggest to
the Senator from Massachusetts whether we
had not better leave it in.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to suggest that under the Constitution it
would not be in the power of Congress, by
legislation, to provide that there shall be only
acts of Congress and not resolutions?
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Every order, resolu-
tion, or vote to which the concurrence of the
Senate and House of Representatives may be
necessary", is required to be presented to the
President. The Senator recollects the lan-
guage of the Constitution.
Mr. StlMNER. Certainly; I remember it
very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Constitution evi-
dently contemplated that resolutions might be
passed. Of course Congress is not bound to
pass resolutions; but inasmuch 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question'?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER.- Suppose we should
pass this bill, declaring that there never should
be any resolution passed by Congress, and
everything should be in the form ot'a bill,-and
then at the next session Congress should pass
a joint resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They could do so, un-
doubtedly.
Mr. CARPENTER. In other words, the
whole thing is a mere matter of practice here,
and cannot be regulated by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would regulate our
practice, undoubtedly. The Senator from Wis-
consin understands that. We cannot pass a
law that will bind other Congresses; but if
we pass a law prescribing the language of
our statutes, as has been done ia the States—
declaring what shall bo the enacting clause,
that the singular number shall embrace the
plural, and the male female, without going on
to specify that in every instance—we can con-
form to it in our legislation.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Wiil the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr.. CONKL1N6. Without alluding to the
merits of the point he is discussing and the other
points which have beeu suggested, I remind
him of this: the purpose of the bill is to con-
trol the action of the commission on codifi-
cation now proceeding. It is a House bill.
Some formal amendment agreed to here would
not arrest it in the House nor impede it seri-
ously ; an amendment which was merely formal
would doubtless be concurred in. If, however,
substantial amendments, although they may
be meritorious, are introduced, which would
be the subject of consideration and discussion
in the other House, the chance is very remote
that the bill could reach a result at this session,
and in the mean time a long vacation occurs,
in which the commissioners are to go on with
their work, and the real object of the bill will
be largely defeated, -
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is great.force in
what the Senator from New York has said. I
trust that the Senator from Massachusetts will
not insist upon his motion in reference to reso-
lutions under the circumstances, as they were
evidently contemplated by the Constitution.
It was in reference to this codification of the
laws that is going on that it was thought desir-
able to pass the bill at this time; and that is
why I called it up this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not made any mo-
tion. I simply followed out the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine, and called the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to the
point.- I feel that it would be of practical
value in our proceedings if we could have all
that we did under one head. Having that
idea, I have presented the point. If there is
any difficulty in establishing-a rule I certainly
shall not press it. Possibly this very discus-
sion may have an influence, by calling atten-
tion to the incongruity. I do not know that
it might not be met by a rule, or something
that should be in the nature of a suggestion
to committees and all others, that they should
report by bill instead of by joint resolution, it
being now perfectly understood that the two
are identical in character and operation.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is a mere question
of practice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further amendments the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
The bill wa3 reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is not this proposed alter-
ation in the enacting and resolving clauses an
amendment of the committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; that is the way
the bill came from the House.
The amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee whether
lie does not consider that the word "distracted,"
in the seventh line of the second section, is one
of rather general meaning, and of application
rather too general for a law of this kind?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a word which
is used in some of the States.
Mr. SHERMAN. In what connection is it
used?
Mr. BAYARD. The bill reads " the words
'insane person' and 'lunatic' shall include
every idiot, non compos, lunatic, insane, and
distracted person."
Mr. CONKLING. The definition of that
word is very broad, I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. BAYARD. It occurs to me that there
are occasions in the history of this body when
that phrase might be held to embrace a large
portion of the body. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. It would embrace the
minority a good deal of the time. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. When we come to the
cause of all this, of course we can under-
stand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will say to the Sena-
tor from Delaware that that is a portion of the
hill as it came from the House. I suppose the
meaning of the word as it is introduced here
would not be very different from that of " in-
sane" or "lunatic." I understand that word,
is used in some of the States to mean about
the same thing. I should not be particular
about the word at all; but it is in the bill. I
do not suppose it will effect it one way or
the other; but if the Senator thinks it is cal-
culated to embrace too many persons, let it
be stricken out.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 submit that the word
" deranged" would be far better.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would not "lunatic"
and "insane" embrace the whole of them?
Mr. BAYARD. Exactly. I move to strike
out the words "anddistracted " in the seventh
line of the second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now the word " and "
should be inserted between the words " luna-
tic" and "insane" in that hue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be made, it being merely verbal.
Sir. THURMAN. I suggest to the chair-
man that the word "or" should be inserted
before "insane," and not "and," to make
good grammar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. I think
"and" is the right word. The language is :
"the words 'insane person' and 'lunatic'
shall include every idiot, non compos, lunatic,
and insane person." I think "and" is the
right word.
Mr. THURMAN, I do not wish to go into
a question of grammar here, but I must insist
that good grammar requires the word " or "
instead of "and;" because if we put in the
word "and" it implies that a person must be
all of these, whereas it is really intended to
apply if he is any one of them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio make that motion?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir ; I move to in-
sert the word " or" instead of "and. "
Mr. TRUMBULL. "And" is the right
word, I submit to my friend from Ohio, gram-
matically and literally. "Or" would be the
wrong word.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a question that
ought to be deliberately discussed. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think one of these Sen-
ators had better parse this sentence. [Laugh-
ter.] .
Mr. BAYARD. The word " or," if inserted,
should precede the word "insane," in order
to make good grammar and sense.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Illinois
moved to insert the word "aud" before the
word "insane."- I suggest to him that the
word "or" is the proper one. However, I
am indifferent about it. I do not care about
making any motion in regard to it, unless he
is willing to refer the question to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio does not insist on the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have not the bill before
me, but I move to amend it by striking out
that portion which alters the enacting clause,
beginning "Be it enacted by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled." I want
that ancient, venerable, and impressive form
of enactment retained.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to have the bill in
part reported again before we vote upon it. I
should like to know what the form of the en-
acting clause is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first section of the bill as it now
stands and then the proposed amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
The Chief Clerk. The first section of the
bill, as amended, now reads:
That the enacting clause of all acts of Congress
hereafter enacted shall be in the following form:
"Be it enacted by the Congress of the United States
as follows;" and the resolving clause of all jointves-
olutions having the force of law shall be in the fol-
lowing form : "Resolved by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States as follows; " and no further cnaetmg or
resolving words shall be used in any subsequent sec-
tion or resolution after the first; and each section
shall be numbered, and contain as nearly as may be
a single proposition of enactment."
If amended as now proposed the section
will read:
That each and every section shall be numbered,
and contain as nearly as may be a singlo proposi-
tion of enactment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no ; that is not it.
I will state to the Senate the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island. The Secre-
tary has not got it. The bill, as it passed the
House, declares that ttas enacting clause shall
be, "Be it enacted by the Congress of the
United States as follows." The Senator from
Rhode Island moves to strike out those words
and to insert, "Bo it enacted by the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United
