1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-69
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Shields vs. Van Horn—Mr. Burr.
Ho. of Reps.
supervisors, or whatever they may be, cannot
be arrested by the process of any court, how-
ever regularly issued, or however heinous may
be their guilt; but they can arrest any man
without process for attempting to do any of
the things forbidden by this law; and be it
remembered that the acts complained of are
not violations of any statute of the United
States, but they are violations of State laws.
The United States affixes penalties to them in
addition to the State penalties, and then gives
these parties a right, not to execute the State
laws according to the forms of the laws of
these States—that is to say, the due process
of law—but to arrest without law and without
warrant even the judge of election himself, and
carry him off and break up the election ; and
they themselves cannot be arrested or inhibited
in any degree by the hand of law from commit-
tingthese outrages. We will suppose, however,
that some one does commit an assault and bat-
tery, which I think would be very natural,
upon men who have attempted to exercise
powers under this law according to its spirit
and intent. Section twelve provides—
That the marshal, or his general deputies, or such
special deputies as shall be thereto specially em-
powered by him in writing, and under his hand and
seal, whenever he or his said general deputies or his
special deputies, or either or any of them, shall be
forcibly resisted in executing their duties under this
act, or the act hereby amended, or shall, by violence,
threats, or menaces, bo prevented from executing
such duties, or from arresting any person or persons
who shall commit any offense for which said mar-
shal or his general or his special deputies are
authorized to make such arrest, are, and each of
them is hereby, empowered to summon and call to
his or their aid the bystanders or po6-#e comitatue of
his district.
Section sixteen provides—
That in any case where suit or prosecution, civil
or criminal, shall be commenced in a court of any
State against any officer of the United States, or
other person, for or on account of any act done
under the provisions of this act, or under color
thereof, or for or on account of any right, authority,
or title set up or claimed by such officer or other
person uuder any of said provisions, it shall be law-
ful for the defendant in such suit or prosecution, at
any time before trial, upon a petition to the circuit
court of the United States in and for the district in
which the defendant shall have been served with
process. &c.
To remove his case into the circuit court of
the United States and there have it tried; and
before whom will it be tried ? A marshal or
a deputy marshal has committed a flagrant
outrage upon the person of some citizen. He
has violated the rights of some man, who has
sued him and brought him to the bar of the
State for some act committed "under color"
of this law. It need not have been in pursu-
ance of law, but simply "under color of law,"
that he may have committed the act. He can
then remove that suit into the United States
court: and before whom is it to be tried ? To
be tried before a jury who are to be selected
by the defendant himself. What chance for
justice is there in such a trial? Under this
law it amounts to a complete exoneration from
all responsibility. You forbid his arrest under
process at the time that the act is committed,
or on or about that time. If suit is subse-
quently brought against him for his invasion
of the laws of the State and the rights of an-
other party, you then enable him to move his
case into a forum where he himself will have
the selection of his own jury. Is not this a
monstrous farce, a travesty upon justice, that
a man shall commit what act he pleases, how-
ever illegal, however violent, and when he is
sued for th^ results of that crime, he himself
shall change the forum, and bring himself to
he tried before a jury of his own selection?
And yet this is one of the features of this law.
I have not pretended to cite all the various
objectionable provisions of this bill to show
how completely it places the right of franchise
of the citizen at the mercy of these minor
officials; how it takes from the citizen all, the
safeguards that the laws of our States have
endeavored to throw around the exercise of
the franchise, and places him completely in
the power of a set of men whom he actually
is prevented from resisting in the discharge of
what they may choose to consider their duty
on that occasion; and when it shall be devel-
oped by time that he was perfectly right and
they were thoroughly wrong and should suffer
and respond to him in damages foownjuries
they inflicted, these men have the right to
remove these causes and try them before jurors
of their own selection.
In the face of such opportunities for wrong
and injustice, in the face of such enormous
powers, so purely discretionary, intrusted to a
class of men so completely without any of
those qualities which would make such a dis-
cretion tolerable, can it be that this law can
be executed without one of two consequences:
either the grossest and most cruel oppression,
resulting in an utterly absurd and fraudulent
result, or else a collision of force between
these-officers and men who know their rights
and are unwilling to have them wrested from
them by such means as are proposed by this
bill?
If under this bill you could throttle the
votes of political opponents so as to change
their majorities, silence them, drag them off
to prison, refuse them all damages, it may be
that you could see this Chamber and the other
House of Congress filled by a continuing
majority of your own party. But what would
that all be? How would you have accom-
plished it? It would be a fraud just as vile
and more gigantic upon the people of this
couutry than the worst and foulest bargain
ever charged upon any party in or out of New
York city. It would he a gross breach of
good faith with the people so to accomplish a
forced result in elections and defeat their
choice.
Sir, if I could strip every man engaged
in these New York frauds of his power and
plunder, it should be done to-night. I am
no friend to fraud. It is cutting out the very
heart and soul of the institutions of this
country and bringing them into popular dis-
respect. But while my feeling is against fraud
wherever I find it, it is none the less intense
when I find measures proposed here to cure
fraud which are far more dangerous to public
liberty and worse than the fraud complained
of. It is adding violence and bloodshed, it is
adding sorrow and trouble, and not producing
as the result honesty or purity in your elec-
tions. It is a step toward centralized imperi-
alism, and a dangerous stab at the State gov-
ernments.
But, sir, the passage of this bill has been
decreed, not yet by a vote of the Senate, but
by that decree which is as omnipotent, the
decree of King Caucus. He has spoken in
secret conclave, and it seems there is not to be
an i dotted or a t crossed in this bill, because
it is feared that, however imperfect, how-
ever irrational the measure, however wrong it
may be, if it went back to the other House
at this stage of the session it might fail to
become a law for want of time. There has
been an exhibition of party drill on this sub-
ject which, I confess, has amazed me. I did
not believe any political party would dare to
press such a public measure through Congress
without attempting a defense of any of its pro-
visions or condescending to make a single ex-
planation. I consider the course of the domin-
ant majority in relation to this measure to be
a scandal upon representative government.
Some time ago the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Sprague,] whom I do not see in
his seat, was commenting upon the fact that in
this body we had more than eighty per cent, of
lawyers, men who had made law and the princi-
ples of law their study. What a commentary the
votes we have had to-day upon this bill have
been upon that fact. But for the Senator from
Rhode Island's assertion that the Senate was
so full of lawyers, I think any stranger in read-
ing the debates and the votes of to-day would
say that lawyers were very few in the Senate,
and instead of amounting to some eighty per
cent., they were about ten out of the whole
number. I think the majority of the Senate
would be acquitted of any desire to worship
law, or, I may say, justice.
Mr. President, the effects of this measure I
cannot yet know. I most sincerely trust that I
overestimate their danger. I hope I do, for
I am perfectly well aware that a man's appre-
hensions may oftentimes be heightened by his
party feelings, quite as much as, on th« other
hand, his hopes and desires for party suc-
cess may blind him to real danger. It may be
that the effect of your law will be to compel
the States to separate their times and places of
holding State elections from the elections for
Congressmen. It may be that, to keep the con-
trol of their domestic affairs in their own hands,
they may be compelled to resort to a separate
election for State officers as distinguished from
Representatives in Congress. I think that will
probably be one effect; or it maybe that
the very enormity of this measure, the very
disregard of every precedent in the history
of our Government, may stimulate the people
of this country to a higher sense of duty, in-
duce them to agree, when such questions are
at stake as the existence of their Government
and the freedom of their elections, that they
will recognize no party fealty, but will obey
the principles of constitutional law which have
made our Government what it is and have
given us whatever we enjoy of constitutional
liberty.
Shields vs. Van Horn.
SPEECH OP HON. ALBERT G. BURR,
OS ILLINOIS,
1st the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1871,
On the contested-election case of Shields vs. Van
Horn, from the sixth eongressional district of
Missouri.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, I am rejoiced that
this is nearly the last of over thirty contested
cases of the present Congress. The labors of
the Committee of Elections have been ardu-
ous beyond precedent, and until now from the
first of the term unceasing. I therefore con-
gratulate myself that this is the last case which
1 shall be called to discuss during the session.
The election for a member of Congress from
the sixth congressional district of Missouri was
held in the ten counties composing that district
on the 3d day of November, 1868; and the
returns made by the several county clerks to
the secretary of State, as required by the stat-
utes of Missouri, show a total for Shields of
8,379, andfor Van Horn 7,396, leaving Shields's
majority 983.
This result made it the imperative duty of
the secretary of State to give to Shields the
certificate of election, and permit the House
of Representatives to determine questions re-
lating to the merits on a contest for the seat.
But, by a process peculiarly his own, and
brought to the aid of his party friends when-
ever extremity required, he suppressed a part
of the vote of the district duly certified to him,
disfranchised all the voters of two of the most
populous counties in the whole district, and
certified the resultto bein favor of Van Horn,
who now holds the seat, and whose title thereto
is under investigation.
It is hardly necessary to go into an elaborate
argument as to the duty or authority of the
secretary of State under the statutes of Mis-
souri. The whole current of both legislative
