1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. THtfRMAN. I stall vote for the mo-
tion to notify the absent Senators unless that
lias already been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has
been adopted.
Mr. TH URMAN. Then I shall vote for this
motion. I thought this was an amendment to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It.is a sepa-
rate motion, as the Chair understands. „ . ..
Mr. TH URMAN. Well, I shall vQte:fbr
that motion. It .seems that, it is satd that if
two Democratic Senators Who are; here had
voted there would have been a quorum. Weli,
sir, if two of the thirty absent Republican
Senators had been here, that would be a
quorum. I am in favor of bringing them here,
if we have the power to do it.
I was mistaken in saying that I would have
voted for the original motion. I will vote for
the motion of the Senator from Maine. I
should not have voted for the original motion,
because, according to my interpretation of the
rules, we have no power to send for absent
Senators. I do not think it very consistent
with the dignity of the Senate to be sending
out and begging the attendance of Senators.
I was mistaken, therefore, in saying that I
should have voted for that motion. I said it
without reflection. But as the Senate have
adopted the practice of soliciting the attend-
ance of Senators, I will vote that the Sergeant-
at-Arms, who is to be charged with that duty,
shall report to us what he does in the premises.
I am perfectly willing it should appear who he
notifies and how they respond.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT, (after a pause.) I desire to
ask the Chair a question. The faets that have
transpired show that a quorum is present. I
wish to ask of the Chair if the rules of the
Senate require that a quorum shall be present
and voting ? From the record here it is evi-
dent that a quorum is in the Chamber. I ask
the Chair to be kind enough to answer that
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No further
debate can be had until it appears that a quo-
rum of Senators are present in the Chamber.
The Sergeant-at-Arms has been directed to
notify absent Senators, and all business is sus-
pended until a quorum appears.
Mr. CONKLING, (after a pause, during
■which several Senators came into the Cham-
ber.) As a quorum is not only present now,
but a quorum of Senators who are willing to
vote, I believe, when their names are called,
I will submit a motion to reveal the fact that a
quorum is here. Therefore I move—and I
shall vote against the motion myself, and ask
others to so vote—that the Senate do now
adjourn ; and I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. It is proper that I should
mention that I was informed to-day that
ray colleague [Mr. Saulsbury] is very much
indisposed.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to state that the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] requested
me to say, if the roll was called, that he felt
too unwell to stay any longer.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. I wish to
state that the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] was compelled to retire from the
Chamber on account of illness.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state that the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogo] was de-
tained in his room this evening by sickness,
and felt unable to come here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 4, nays 36 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Johnston, and
Thurman—4,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Am-es, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
line, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Texas* Hamlin, Harlan. Howe, Howell, Me-
Donald, Mornll of Vermon t, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt. Kamge^ Boss, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman.
Spencer, .-Stearns,. Stewart, Thayer, Willey, and
WHsoa—-36. . „
' ABSEIIP-yytessrs. Blair, Boreman, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Davis, T?<inton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert. Hamil-
rim of Maryland, Harris, Hill, Howard, Kellogg,
L&WisiJl^Creery, Morrillof Maine,Morton, Patter-
sofi', "Kfevels, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
SpTafene, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Viek-
efrs, Warner, Williams, and Yates—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
New York, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill named by him, upon
which the yeas and brays have been ordered.
The. question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 4; as follows:
< YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler.Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Flanagan. Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin.- Harlan, Howe, Howell, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, O?born, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey. Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Stearns. Stewart, Thayer, Willey, and Wilson—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Johnston, and
Thurman—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Cole, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert.
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Hill, Howard, Kel-
logg, Lewis, MeCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson, Revels. Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Spragae, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Warner, Williams, and Yates—31.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
is before the Senate. The Secretary will
report it.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill as
follows: "A bill (H. R. No. 2684) to amend
au act approved May 81, 1870, entitled 'An
act to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this Union, and for other purposes.' "
Mr. POMEROY. I think the bill Bad bet-
ter.b6 read.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, it had better be
reported to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary has been directed to report the bill in full.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
but was interrupted by
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask how long the
bill is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Twenty-two
pages.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
adjourn; and I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion for one moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to with-
draw the motion in order that I may say, and
I say it more particularly to the Senators who
may be opposed to this bill, that being as it
will to-morrow, at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, the unfinished business, I shall feel
called upon to insist that it ljeep its place; and
I shall ask all the friends of the bill to stand
by it until it is concluded before the Senate
adjourns.
Mr. CASSERLY. What .is before the
Chair ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary is reporting the bill, pending which a
motion was made by the Senator from Ohio
to adjourn, and withdrawn. Is that motion
renewed?
Mr. CASSERLY. I submit that that mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio was in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was with-
drawn by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdrew jt for a mo-
ment to give the Senator from New York an
opportunity to give the notice which he has
given. I now renew the motion that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at eleven
o'clock and twenty-four minutes p. in.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 24. 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen have
assured the Chair that they have business which
will not consume much time, and-with that
understanding the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means is willing to yield for that
purpose.
PROTECTION OF FRONTIER.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask unanimous consent
that next Tuesday after the reading of the Jour-
nal we shall consider for thirty minutes the bill
to provide for the better protection of the north-
ern and northwestern frontier and to facilitate
commerce and diminish the expense of the
exchange between the States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
object unless the bill to prevent Kuklux out-
rages in the South should be brought before
the House for consideration before that time.
LOGAN II. BOOTS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee of Claims
a bill for the relief of Logan H. Roots, late col-
lector of the internal revenue for the first dis-
trict'of Arkansas.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
and call for the regular order of business.
Mr. DOX. I hope that the House will per-
mit me to present a report from the Committee
of Elections.
• Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
call of committees for reports of a private
nature. . .
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I call up for consideration
House bill No. 3064, making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes.
free coai..
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to intro-
duce a resolution for free coal. People are
freezing to death for want of free coal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts objects and calls for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. COX. He objected before I asked to
introcfuee my resolution for free coal.
The SPEAKER.. Objection is made, and
the regular order of business is called for. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
calls up the sundry civil expenses appropria-
tion bill, which is the regular order.
Mr. COX. I am sure if gentlemen under-
stood my resolution they would not object. 11
is about free coal.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I insist on the regular order
of business, and call up the sundry civil appro-
priation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
bill.
Mr. DAWES. Before the House proceeds
to the consideration of this bill I desire to make
a proposition. It will take fully four hours to
engross this bill. It is exceedingly desirable
that we should finish it to-morrow, that it may
go to the Senate on Monday morning. There-
fore I ask the House to agree to take a recess
to-day from half past four until half past seven,
and to hold an evening session. If the House
will agree to this, that will be the only even-
ing session I shall ask for the consideration
of appropriation bills.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We would
rather sit until half past seven.
Mr. DAWES. If the House is willing to sit
