1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
three special orders on the Calendar of special
orders: the pending bill, the bill granting pen-
sions to ceriain soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and the various steamship bills. The
steamship bills not being reached at one o'clock
of the day fixed for them, to day, if the Senate
continues the^ consideration of the present bill,
they will fall into the category of special orders
according to their date, in compliance with the
rules of the Senate. If reached at one o'clock
on this day, the day fixed for their considera-
tion, they would have prioriiy, as they were
fixed as the special order for one o'clock
to-day; but the unfinished business taking
precedence of them, if that is continued they
fall into the category of special orders in
accordance with the dates at which they were
assigned.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then I understand that
when the unfinished business of yesterday, now
pending, is disposed of, those bills will be first
in order. ["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special or-
ders will then be in order in accordance with
their date, unless the Senate by a direct vote
takes up one of them in preference to others.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the statement of
the Senator from Illinois must have convinced
the friends of the steamship bills that it would
not be possible for them to bring up their bills
anyhow, even if I yielded. I therefore pre-
fer not to yield the floor. I now ask the Sec-
retary to read the bill which, is before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
298) to relieve members of Congress from im-
portunity and to preserve the independence of
the different departments of the Government
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the Senator from Missouri asks
lor the reading of the bill.
Mr. SCHURZ. Of the substitute of the
committee and the pending amendment to that
substitute.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the Committee on ihe Judiciary, which was
to strike out all after the enacting clause and
to insert the following:
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any mem-
ber of cither House of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, verbally, or in writing, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advise the President of the United fetates,
or any head of a Department, or of any bureau
thereof, to appoint any person to office or employ,
ment; anil it shall be unlawful for the President or
any head of a Deportment or bureau to make any
appointments so solicited, recommended, or advised
on the privity of the applicant; and any person who
shall violate this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and. on conviction thereof, shall be fined not exceed-
ing 81,000: Provided, That this act shall not apply to
the action of Senators upon nominations submitted
by the President to the Senate, nor to any advice,
verbal or in writing, which may be ottered at the
request, in writing, of the President, or any head ot
a Department.
The Chief Clerk read also the amendment
of Mr. MorriiX, of Vermont, which was to
insert at the end of the reported amendment
"nor to any advice, verbal or in writing, which
may be offered'at the request, in writing, of
the President or any head of a Department."
Mr. SCHUR/j. I desire to move an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute to this bill,
and I appeal to the Senator from Vermont, so
as to accommodate me in this respect, to with-
draw the amendment now pending, in order to
enable me to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the amendment proposed, because I presume
I shall have an opportunity to oifer it here-
Mr. SCHURZ addressed the Senate at
lenpth. [His speech will be published m
the Appendix.] He moved to amend the
amendment reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary by striking out all after the first
word " that" and inserting:
Hereafter all appointments of civil
several departments of the service.of the United
States, except those hereinafter designated as ex
ceptions, shall be made from those PersoPs_^o s^n
have been found qualified for the perf°rl?[""jf t„
the duties of the offices to which such appointments
are to bo made, in open examinations or by other
modes of investigation concerning their fitness, in-
stituted, regulated, and conducted as hereinafter
prescribed. #
Sec. 2, And be it farther enacted. That there shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, aboard of nine
commissioners, to be called the civil scrvice board,
among whose duties shall be the following: First.
To prescribe the qualifications requisite for an ap-
pointment into each branch and grade of the civil
service of the United States, having regard to the
fitness of each candidate in respect to age, health,
character, knowledge, and ability for the Branch of
service and the particular office for which he presents
himself or is presented for appointment. Second.
To provide for the examinations and investigations
to be instituted concerning the character and quali-
fications of all persons eligible under this act who
may present themselves or be presented for admis-
sion into the civil service. Third. To establish rules
governing th«* applications of such persons, the times
and places of their examinations, the subjects upon
which such examinations shall be had, and the in-
vestigations to be made concerning the character
and qualifications of such applicants, the mode of
conducting the same, and the manner of keeping
and preserving the records thereof, and of perpetu-
ating the evidence of such applications, qualifica-
tions, examinations, and investigations, and their
result, as they may think expedient. Such rules
shall be so framed as to keep the branches of the
civil service and the different grades of each branch
distinct and separate. The said board shall divide
the country into territorial districts, for the purpose
of holding examinations of and conducting investi-
gations concerning, candidates resident or sojourn-
ing therein, and shall designate one or more con-
venient and accessible places in each district where
examinations shall be held and investigations con-
ducted. Fourth. To hold and conduct such exam-
inatio«s and investigations personally, or by persons
by them specially designated for the purpose. Fifth.
To make report of all rules and regulations estab-
lished by them, and of a summary of their proceed-
ings, including an abstract«of their examinations of
and investigations concerning candidates for posi-
tions in the civil service, annually to Congress at the
opening of each session.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, Thatall appoint-
ments of inferior officers whose appointment is or
may hereafter be vested by law in the heads of De-
partments, except postmasters, shall be made from
those who shall have passed the required examina-
tions in the following manner: the applicants who
stand highest in order of merit on the list of tho^e
who have passed the examination for any particular
branch and grade of the civil service shall have the
preference in appointmentto that branch and grade,
and no person now in office, or who shall hereatter be
appointed under the provisions of this act, shall be
promoted or transferred from a lower to a higher
grade unless he shall have passed, in like man-
ner, the examination prescribed by the civil service
board for such higher grade. All such examinations
shall be open to all persons who shall make applica-
tion therefor. _ ___ «
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any vacancy occurs m any office required by law to
be filled by appointment by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, except
those specially designated as exceptions m section
twenty-one ot this act, the qualifications of all can-
didates who present themselves or are presented for
appointment to fill such vacancy shall be ascertained
either by examinations to be held or investigations to
be instituted, or both combined, according to general
rules to be established by the civil service board,
and that said board shall make a full report ot such
examinations and investigations, stating what can-
didates have and what candidates have not, in the
opinion of the board, demonstrated their fitness for
the performance of the duties of such office, and the
reasons for such opinion; and also, as nearly as pos-
sible. the order of merit of the different candidates,
and that the board shall forward one copy of such
report to the President, and one to the Senate.
Sec. o. And be it further enactcd, lh_at# whenever
any officer in the civil service of the Tjnited States
shall vacate his office, either at the expiration of his
term, or by resignation, or otherwise, the head ot the
Department under which such officer served snail
issue to him a testimonial stating the manner in
which such officer performed the duties of his office;
and that copies of such testimonial shall be kept
on record in the Departmentsfrom which they issued
respectively; and that whenever any such person,
after having vacated such office, shall make appli-
cation, or be presented as a candidate for the same,
or any other office in the civil service, such testimo-
nial shall be produced before the civil service board
and shall form part of the report of said board on
the case of such person. And whenever any officer
in the civil service shall, before the expiration of his
term of office, make application for continuance in
the same office for another term, or for any other
office in the civil service, then the head of t he de-
partment under which such officer
wise issue suoh testimonial, which shall then bo
nroduced before the civil service board and form
part of the report of the said board as aforesaid : Pro-
lided, however. That whenever the President shall
see fit to reappoint an officer at the expiration of his
term to the same office for another term, then this
shall be considered as an equivalent a cer£®°S®
of good behavior and efficiency, and no fuither
proceedings by the civil service board shall be ro
auired in the case of such officer. -
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That any one of
the commissioners composingthe civil service board
may conduct or superintend any examinations and
investigations ordered by the board, and the said
board may call to their assistance in such examina-
tions and investigations such men of learning and
high character as they may think fit, or, m their dis-
cretion, such officers in the civil, military, and naval
service of the United States as may be designated
from time to time, on application of such board, as
assistants to such board, by the President or beads
of Departments, and in special cases, to be fixed by
rules or by resolutions of said board, they may del-
egate examinations and investigations to such per-
sons, to be attended and presided over bv one mem-
ber of said board or by some person specially desig-
nated to preside: Provided, however. That the board
shall have authority to review such action.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That any officer
in the civil service of the United States, on the day
when the board shall commence its examinations,
other than those designated as exceptions in section
twenty-one of this act, maybe required by the Pres-
ident or the head of theDepartmentunder which ha
serves, to appear before the civil service board, and
if not found qualified for the place he occupies ho
shall be reported for dismissal, and dismissed ; and
the vacancy shall be filled from those who shall
have been found qualified for such office in the
manner herein provided.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all officers
in the civil service of the United States at the time
when this civil service board shall commence their
examinations, except those whose appointment and
promotion iJ regulated in section three of this act,
and thosespecial ly designated as exceptions in section
twenty-one of this act, shall hold their offices for the
term of five yearsfrom the date of their commissions,
respectively, unless sooner removed in accordance
with the provisions of this act: Provided. however%
That the discontinuance of an office shall in every
case discharge the person holding it from the service.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all appoint-
ments in the civil service of the United States made
after this act shall have taken effect and in pursuance
of its provisions, except those whose appointment
and promotion is regulated in section three of this
act, and those who are specially designated as ex-
ceptions in section twenty-one of this act, shall be
made for the term of eight years unless sooner term-
inated by the death, disability, or resignation of
the occupant, or by his removal as hereinafter pro-
vided; and that when before the expiration of such
term a vacancy occurs in any such office, the ofiieer
selected in pursuance of the provisions of this act to
fill such vacancy shall be appointed, not merely for
the balanceof theunexpiredterm of his predecessor,
but for a new term of eight year3 from the date ot
his commission. , _ , . _ t
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the firs.,
year following the date of the commission of any
officer in the civil service appointed in pursuance
of the provisions of this act shall be the year oi pro-
bation, and that the President or the head of De-
partment by whom or by whose predecessor such
officer shall have been appointed shall have power
to remove such officer at pleasure at_any time during
such year of probation, but that if such removal
shall not have been made during such year of pro-
bation, then such officer shall be entitled to hold
such office until the expiration of the term for which
the appointment was made, except as herein other-
wise provided. , , „ ...
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the civil
service board shall have power to prescribe, by gen-
eral rules, what misconduct or inefficiency shall ren-
der officers appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Sena te, anu postmasters
whose appointment is by law vested in the Postmas-
ter General, who come within the provisions of this
act, punishable by removal before the expiration of
their terms respectively, or by temporary suspension,
or by pecuniary fine; and also to establish rules ior
the manner of preferring charges for such miscon-
duct or inefficiency and for the trial of the accused
by the civil service board, and for determining his
position during such trial; arid that each member
of the civil service board shall have the power oi
administering oaths in all proceedings authorized
by this act; and testimony may be given orally £by
witnesses in any hearing beforo said civil service
board, or any member thereof, or by deposition in
the manner prescribed by law, or upon such notice
and in such manner as such board shall by general
rule or special order direct.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That when any
officer in the civil service of the United States, ex-
cept the members of the civil service board, and
those especially designated as exceptions^ section
twenty-one of this act, shall after the expiration ot
his year of probation be shown, by evidence satis-
factory to the President, or to the head of the Depart-
ment under which-such officer is serving, to bo guilty
of that kind of misconduct or that degree of ineffi-
ciency which are punishable with removal according
to the rules to bo established by the civil service
board, then the President or the head of the Depart-
ment as aforesaid may suspend such officer from the
functions of his office, and cause charges to be drawn
up against him, such charges to be investigated, and
the accused to be tried by the civil sorvice board
under the general rules herein provided.for: and
the said board shall in such case report to the Pres -
dent, or to the head of the Department as aforesaid,
their finding in the matter, and may recommend the
dismissal of any officer ^und guilty of such charges,
and such officer shall. then be dismissed from the
civil service of the United States; and no officer m
thp civil service shall be dismissed from said service
except in the manner and after the investigation
