1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605.
lintil half past seven I am willing, and would
ask for no evening session. What I desire is
to have the bill engrossed in time to be sent to
the Senate on Monday morning.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We are ten
days ahead of the Senate now.
Mr. DAWES. Whether that be so or not,
I do not desire that the responsibility of delay
shall rest upon the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say a word
upon the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachnsetts.
The SPEAKER. The motion to take a
recess requires unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. So I understand, and I ask
unanimous consent that at half past four the
House take a recess until half past seven.
Several members objected.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. COX. Let me say one word about that.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is pressing his appropriation bills
here when he might better keep them for the
purpose of crowding out worse legislation. I
should like an opportunity to get in my resolu-
tion about coal.
Mr. DAWES. I will not insist upon my
motion, if the House is willing to sit and work
to-day until half past six.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes. I think the House
would sooner do that than have an evening
session.
Mr. DAWES. But I do not believe I can
make the House stay until then. I must insist
on my motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman limit
the business of the evening session to the con-
sideration of the appropriation bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
will not be a quorum present.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will ask the House to stay until
six o'clock to finish this bill I think nobody
will object.
Mr. DAWES. If by any means there can
be an understanding that the House will stay
and work till half past six, I think, myself,
we would accomplish more in that way than
by having an evening session.
Mr. SOOPIELD. Say six o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. Under the circumstances,
I prefer to ask the general consent of the
House that wo shall stay in session till half
past six.
Mr. McGREW. I object. That is too long
for the House to work.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have always had
night sessions oil appropriation bills, and I
do not see why we should not have them this
session also.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand the
regular order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have not the slightest
doubt the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks] can hold the House here in session till
he disposes of the bill; but if he divides the
day and gets an evening session the result
probably will be that there will be no quorum,
jiitid that the bill will not be disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I am desirous of getting along
with the kindest feeling possible on the part
of all sections of the House; and in this divers-
ity of opinion I am willing to try the experi-
ment to day of dispensing with an evening ses-
sion. To-morrow has an evening also, and if
necessary we will require to have an evening
session then. We must get through with the
bi(l this week.
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No. 306-i)
maiking appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June SO, 1872, aiul for other purposes.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all general debate
on (he bill bo closed in ten minutes.
Tin' motion was agreed to.
Mr. D AWES. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry. Would it be
in order, in the reading of the bill by sections
for amendment, to begin at the tail end of this
bill first, because the tail ends of all these
bills, under the ordinary system, never get any
consideration ?
The SPEAKER. That would require a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to sus-
pend the rules, so as to begin with the bill back-
ward, and take the tail end first. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yields to me five minutes of the ten
minutes allowed for general debate. I intend
to confine my remarks entirely to a single item
in this bill, and I ask the attention of the House
to it. They will find the paragraph on page
20 of the printed bill, and it is an appropria-
tion "to compensate JosephS. Wilson for the
collection of the valuable scientific museum at
the General Land Office, $10,000."
Mr. Speaker, when we reach that paragraph
in the bill I shall move to strike it out, because
Mr. Joseph S. Wilson, in my opinion, is not
entitled to one cent. During a little over two
years of the time he was Commissioner of the
Land Office, discharging its duties and receiv-
ing his salary, he gave a little time to the col-
lection of these minerals, and we are asked now
to give him §10,000 extra for that service! In
order that the House may properly understand
how this thing is got up, I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read what I have marked in Execu-
tive Document No. 69.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Department op the Ixtekiok,
Washington, D. C., January 23,1871.
"Silt: III accordance with your request of the
19th instant I respectfully report the history, condi-
tion, and cost to the Government of the mineral
cabinet connectcd with the General Land Office.
"The collection of specimens of the precious and
other metals, ores, coal, salt, and soils was first
undertaken by Hon. J. M. Edmunds, late Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
"Under date of February 10, 1862, he issued a
printed circular to each land office in the then loyal
States, and to the surveyors general, rfeqnesting the
transmittal of specimens as above enumerated to the
General Land Office. Please find thateircular here-
with, marked A. In response to this request Mr.
Edmunds received avgiy large quantity, in inter-
esting varieties, of minerals, soils. &c.
"After this successful result in response to the
circular, Mr. Edmunds suggested the establishment
of a cabinet, or, as he called it, an institution 'which
would be a perpetual national and State industrial
and intellectual exhibition.' Such an institution
was to gather into one of its apartments or divis-
ions the 'agricultural, manufacturing, and min-
eral products of the nation.' For his suggestions
on this subject I refer to pages and 7 of the pre-
liminary views to the introduction to the volume
'Manufactures,' of the eighth census reports.
"In pursuance of this purpose Mr. Edmunds con-
tinued to receive ' specimens' as Ion gas he was Com-
missioner. "When he retnedfrom the officethe large
eases in his room were tilled, and a large quantity ot
specimens was piled on the tables and floor. Tjic
estimate I get of this quantity, by those familiar with
the matter, is expressed by the word' tons.' early
all, it not quito all, of this large beginning of the cab-
inet was received without any cost to the othee, as
Mr. Edmunds had arranged tuat packages coiitam-
ingspecimens ofaless weiglitth:m tourpoundssnould
be transmitted through the mails free ot charge.
Many of the heavier specimens were brought here
by private parties without cost.
"This supply formed the beginning of the present
cabinet. In March, 1868, a large room, the ono now
occupied by the cabinet, was set apart for this pur-
pose at the request of Mr. Wilson, then Commis-
sioner, and at that time system or organization was
given to tho enterprise. The room was appropriately
fitted up, and the specimens already collected were
classified and labeled, and Mr. A. R. Iloessler, aclerk
of the second class, was assigned to take charge ot it.
" Under date of May 4, IStiS, Commissioner Wilson
issued a circular, which was sentto the registers and
receivers of land ofiices, and to surveyors general,
calling attention to the lact thai,'thero has been
the circular says, * You will thoroiorc consider it as
a part of your official duty to secure aud transmit to
thii? office specimens illustrative of the natural ms-
tory of that part of tho public domaiu lying within
your jurisdiction. These specimens, arranged m
p-tckases wcitchmor pfoncrnlly notover four
ill iorwrtid by mail to this ouice.' 1'ou Will
you wi
find herewith a copy of the circular as issued,
marked B.
"The contributions in response to this circular
were numerous. The most of them were sent by
mail free of expense, but many heavier packages
were sent by express, generally prepaid. When not
prepaid the bills were approved by the Commissioner
Lantfoffi fr°m tbe contingenfc fand °r the General
" Under these processes the growth of the cabinet
has been constant and gratifying to those interested,
.besides minerals in great variety, well classified and
arranged, there are specimens of many kinds of
American and foreign birds and animals, and various
costumes and other relics of the aborigines of the
country, which add to the interest and value of the
collection,
*'*H?P£rtant work has been so gradually ac-
complished that it has been done at a comparatively
small expense. I learn from Mr. Boessler that the
original intention was that it should cost nothing,
ihe expense for specimens has been nothing, as far
a31 can ascertain, but there has been some expense
for the stuffing of some skins of animals and birds,
and for some work on mineral specimens. The en-
tire expense, including the fitting up of the rooms,
making cases, &c., as nearly as can bo ascertained
from the books of my office, aggregates $4,87:2 26. I
accompany this report with the list of the several
bills paid, and the parties to whom paid, on this
account, marked G. In addition to this bill of ex-
penses, the cabinet has required the services of Mr.
A. E. Roessler since March, 1868, whose salary to the
present time has amounted to $4,200.
"Thus, at a cost of le^s than $1U,000 to the General
Land Office, and in less than ten years' time, this
4 undertaking has been crowned by a success which
may well be regarded as astonishing.' I quote from
a report made by Mr. Roesslcr to tho Commissioner
of the General Land Office, dated the 18th instant.
This report I submit herewith, (marked D.) as it is a
full exhibit of the present condition of the cabinet
by the one most familiar with it."
Mr. KELSEY. I now ask the Clerk to
read what I have marked on page 5.
The Clerk read as follows:
"You will therefore consider it as a part of your
official duty to secure and transmit to this office
specimens illustrative of the natural history of that
part of the public domain lying within your juris-
diction, These specimens, arranged in packages
weighing generally not oyer four pounds, you will
forward by mail to this office.
" You will please prepare from time to time written
memoirs of the natural features of tho public lands,
or solicit such memoirs from scientific and intelligent
persons acquainted with the subject, and transmit
them to this office to be preserved with its cabinet."
Mr. KSLSEY. Now, it will be seen by
that that this collection has been made entirely
at the expense of tbe Government, and that all
Mr. Wilson has had to do with it was in the
ordinary discharge of his duties. As Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office he instructed
his subordinates that it was a part of their offi-
cial duties to send these things there. Now
some one proposes to give him $10,000 extra
compensation. I am opposed to it.
Mr. SARGENT. I am very well aware of
the great dislike that the gentleman from New
York has for the late Commissioner of the
General Land Oifice.
Mr. KELSEY. The gentleman will pardon
me; I do not dislike him, but I do dislike this
attempt to steal for his benefit.
Mr. SARGENT. It is no attempt to steal.
If the gentleman's remark applies to me, it is
entirely gratuitous.
Mr. IvELSEY. I do not mean to refer to
the gentleman personally.
Mr. SARGENT. If he did not, then I do
not know to whom the remark can apply, for
I introduced the bill which went to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in reference to this
matter.
Now, I believe the origin of the dislike of
thegentleman from New York for Mr. Wilson
arose from the fact developed before the com-
mittee last year that Mr. Wilson, in adminis-
tering the affairs of the Land Office, had made
a saving to the Government of $140,0,00,
which went back into the Treasury, _ by em-
ploying less clerks than the law authorized him
to do. I know that at that time thegentleman
made a severe attack upon him on the floor of
the House—I happened to be out at the time,
but I saw it afterward in the Globe—wherein
he arraigned him for his nefarious conduct in
saving that amount to the Government instead
of spending it.
Mr. KELSEY. I only asked why he came
