1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Wl
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Shields vs. Van Horn—Mr. Burr.
Ho. of Keps.
ents, can no more lord it over the people of
that fair State; and no longer can cunningly-
organized boards of registration, in star cham-
ber council, deprive the citizen of his dearest
rights. In this regard " Othello's occupation's
gone."
But let me recur to the charges made'against
this superintendent. He is by the sitting mem'
ber arraigned on speciiic charges setout in his
papers. How strange that those who for years
have been accustomed to defend these regis-
tration officers in all their acts, and to shield
them from popular indignation, should now
make warfare on one whose acts, as charged
by them, are in direct obedience to the law
tinder which he held office! What is his of-
fense? Removing one board and appointing
another to register Jackson county. I have
already shown that this power is directly guar-
antied by the laws of Missouri." But they say
he was prompted by an impure motive. Does
an impure motive render illegal an act having
the express sanction of law? And further,
-Phelan did not register Jackson county; he
only appointed the officers who did. If the
officers did their duty under the law, are their
acts, otherwise legal, tainted with crime and
rendered null and void by the fact that their
superior officer acted from impure motives in
appointing them to the work? Does the hidden
motive prompting the mind of one officer
affect the legality of official work done by
another?
Suppose Governor McClurg, in his overzeal
for party success, had appointed Phelan from
a mere desire to secure that success contrary
to right and justice, what then ? Would Phe-
lan be any the less superintendent for that dis-
trict? With no showing of wrong motive on
his part, or even with such showing, would he
not still be an officer? And as such officer,
would not his official acts have the sanction
of. law ? Surely these questions can receive
but one answer. But 1 deny that the proof
convicts Phelan of corrupt motives in making
the changes in the board. On this point the
evidence is conflicting in some degree; and
where there is a conflict resulting in doubt,
who is entitled to the benefit of that doubt?
Not Phelan, it issaid, because be is not in the
position of a defendant on trial. Very true,
yet there are two well-established legal prin-
ciples that require all doubt to be given in
that direction. First, the law'presu mes that
an officer discharges his duty properly. This
presumption can only be overcome by proof
of misconduct on his part. Suspicion is not
proof.
Suppose on arraignment for removing one
set of officers he be questioned, and reply, " I
did it because I had the legal right to do it."
But, you may say, " these were competent
men; for what cause did you remove them and
appoint others?" Are you not sufficiently
answered when he points to your law giving
him authority to remove "for incompetency,
or for any other cause," "at his option."
Suppose he should decline giving any reason
for an act legal in itself; would the law
imply corruption? Would silence in that case
impeach him? But he was not silent. He has
given his reasons, which I'will reproduce from
the testimony before I close. But the second
legal princi pie referred to by me is the familiar
one that all the presumptions of law are in
favor of popular right, and when the privileges
of citizenship are involved the intendments
of law are always in its favor. In this case
the question is practically, shall the citizens
of Jackson county be heard in the ballot, or
shall they be disfranchised because they were
registered by a board appointed legally to
supersede another board of registrars? All
presumptions of law being in favor of the citi-
zen and his privileges, this second point is
settled in favor of the regularity of the election
and consequently in favor of seating Shields.
But to recur to the charges against Phelan.
It is said that for a consideration he " sold
out" to the Democracy, and wielded his
official power in favor of their ticket. To
establish this charge the sitting member relies
mainlyon the testimony of one C.J. Corwine,
who, during the first part of the caijvass, pub-
lished a Democratic paper at Kansas City in
the sixth district. Before the canvass was over
another Democratic paper was started in the
town, and finally he went to St. Louis to live,
where his deposition was taken by the sitting
member with no cross-examination by Shields
or any one in his interest. The hostility this
witness feels toward the leading Democrats of
Jackson county ia apparent to any one who
reads his statements. Eager and ready to state
inferences and suppositions, his testimony is
barren of facts and valueless to one in search
of truth. In answer to questions ho rehearses
long conversations he had, or heard, with vari-
ous parties, Democrats and Radicals, in Kan-
sas City, St. Louis, and elsewhere, before and
after the election, and concludes by giving his
legal opinion of what the registry law of Mis-
souri requires and what it prohibits. He "un-
derstood " that there was a strife as to which
party should control Phelan; he " h?ard"
that both parties were trying to raise money
to secure his influence. He "was informed
by a certain person " that Phelan favored the
Democratic county ticket; and he "guesses"
that without Phelan's friendship the Democrats
could not have carried Jackson county. Not a
declaration is made by hiin convicting Phelan
legally of wrong—not a hint of unfairness or
illegality on the part of the board of registrars
acting under him.
But again: one M. L. Sullivan is examined
as a witness to convict Phelan of corruption:
and by him it is proved that Phelan was a can-
didate before the Radical county convention
for sheriff, but was beaten for the nomination.
That witness held two notes on Phelan, who
said be could not pay them for lack of means;
he had depended on the office of sheriff to pay
debts ; would pay as soon as he could ; but at
present did not have money. Well, this would
raise doubt, and call on him for explanation
if the proof had further shown that soon after
he had plenty of means; but so far as the
proof shows he is still in a state of most pain-
ful impecuniosit.y, and the chances are that Sul-
livan will never get his $250. But what has
this to do with the legality of the vote of Jack-
son county?
Further, Phelan said to Sullivan that "the
party had not treated him right; had they given
him the nomination he would have made no
change in the officers of registration, and it is
likely the ticket would be elected; that he
would have elected himself any way 1" Of
course he would I Who doubts it? But how
would it have been done ? The extract I have
already quoted from the speech of Senator
SCHtJRZ shows how such things were done in
Missouri under that law. But to be more spe-
cific, the testimony in this immediate ease
shows bow it probably would have been done
here had the Radical party kept faith with
Phelan and given him the coveted nomination.
I quote from Phelan's testimony, page 9 of the
record:
" Question.. State your nameand place of residence.
"Answer. Thomas Phelan ; live at Kansas City.
" Question. What official position did you hold m
the year 1888? , . ,
"Answer. I was superintendent of registration xor
the fourteenth senatorial district of Missouri.
"Question. Prior to the commencement of tho
registration in tb6 county of Jackson, did you have
any interview with Colonel R. 1. * lioni i it so,
wilftt?
"Answer. Imet Colonel Van Horn at Kansas City;
I think it was after the Radical county convention.
Colonel Van Horn told me that the Kadical party
was going to employa clerk during thepolitinal cam-
paign in said county of Jackson; tliat said clerk's
first duty would be to make out a list of tho number
of voters in each township in tho county, then to
find out the number of Radicals and the number of
Democrats, and furnish a list of the same to tho board
of registrars; and in townships having aDemod-atio
majority that I must instruct the board of registrars
to strike from the hstof votersenoughqfDemocratic
votes so as to give a large Radical majority in each
township: that by these means the^tadiciiis would
carry the county, and that there must from nine
hundred to twelve hundred Democrats disfranchised,
bo as to secure a victory for the Radical party.
"Question. Was it before or alter this interview that
you removed the registrars?
"Answer. It was after.
"Queaion. Whom did you remove, and whom did
you appoint iu their stead?
"Answer. I removed Mr. Ainsworth and Mr. Van-
trees; X appointed in their place Captain Dowd and
Captain Monroe.
"Question. State what your reasons were in mak-
ing the change.
"Answer. Seeing that tho leaders of tho Radical
party in said county of Jackson were trying to force
mo to act illegally, corruptly, and in violation of
law, I removed the registrars above mention ed. X
know that the majority of thein were fully undortho
influence of Colonel R T. Van Horn and pledged to
carry out bis programme; all of which X teamed in
the caucuses of the Radical party, at several of
which X was present."
This is Phelan's explanation of the reason
prompting him to remove Ainsworth and Van-
trees and appoint Dowd and Monroe. True,
it is denied by Mr. Sullivan under oath, and
was denied by Colonel Van Horn in a card
published in the newspapers. If it be said that
Phelan's testimony should be received with
caution because of his interest, so also should
Sullivan's for the same reason, lie having been
clerk of the executive committeeof the Radical
party of Jackson county, whose duty it would
be to make the lists in advance and superintend
the disfranchisement of'Democrats under Ains-
worth and Vantrees. It will be remembered
that Phelan testified that Sullivan offered him
$5,000 to resign, so the Governor could appoint
another superintendent. This is also denied
by Sullivan, and as the assertion arid denial
are equal, 1 pass to the testimony of a third
party to settle, the disputed point.
On page XI of the testimony, John Cox
swears that in 1868, after Phelan had removed
Ainsworth and Vantrees, and appointed Dowd
and Monroe, lie, (Cox,) on Mam street, in
Kansas City, met Sullivan, and iu aconversa-
tion between them on the subject of the regis-
tration Suliivan told him "he had been down
to Independence to see Phelan, and had offered
him $5,000, and that he could get §10,000, if
lie would remove the registrars (Dowd and
Monroe) or resign." He further stated that
he had no interest in the matter himself, but
went in behalf of Colonel Van Horn and
others. As Cox has not been impeached, this
seems to settle the question of veracity between
Phelan and Sullivan, and satisfies me that if
any moneyed consideiation was ever offered
Phelan to control bis official action, it was
offered by the Iladical party, and in the interest
of the sitting member.
One fact iu this case remains without chal-
lenge : there is no charge of corruption against
the board of registration or any of its members,
Paine, Dowd, or Monroe, m the matter of
their appointment. The majority intimate
that Paine was knowing to the fact that^ at-
tempts were being made to oust the men first
appointed and secure others. Grant it Does
that: impeach his correctness in accepting the
office, or render null and void his subsequent
acts as an officer? Let it be remembered that
Paine is the only one of the board charged by-
the majority report with any knowledge of an
attempt by Democrats to secure a change ot tha
board by influencing Phelan. As to his deport-
ment as an officer, that is sufficiently vouched
for by one of the leading wilnesses for the sit-
ting member, Michael English. While statin;;
on page 89 of the record what occurred before
the board, he distinctly states that Puiue, while
