.1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
here and asked for $240,000 when he had an
unexpended balance of $479,000 on hand.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, he had noth-
ing of the kind.
Mr. KELSEY. That was his own report.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; there was a
report of the u': expended balances made by
the Secretary ol the Treasury.
Mr. KELSEY That was the report before
the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. A certain amount of
money is appropriated each year to each
bureau, and the Secretary of the Treasury is
the only man who can officially know of unex-
pended balances; and it is in favor of Mr.
Wilson, and not against him, that he succeeded
in saving this large amount to the Govern-
ment, instead of having it used up for useless
purposes.
Now, sir, in reference to the item in the
bill to which my friend has referred, it is
strange that he could not wait until we reach it
in the regular order, but separates it and brings
it now before the House in order to utter a
phillipic against a man who has been for forty
years- in the service of the Government, a
man whose hands are unstained with one cent
of bribe, who has had charge of the whole
public land system of the United States, and
who has never had one dollar of interest or
interest to the amount of one inch in all the
public domain, and who, at the end of forty
years' service, retires with nothing but two old
houses in this city, and is under the necessity
of applying for copying to be done by mem-
bers of his family or to let his rooms to lodgers
in order to obtain the necessary support for his
family.
Who does the gentleman from New York
assail as a receiver in this " steal?" Wilson
has had an official service of over forty years,
at small wages but enormous labors, and dur-
ing all that time I am informed that he has
not had an aggregate leave of absence for
recreation of ten days, nor for any other pur-
pose except when ordered off on public busi-
ness, to arrange or wind up business at local
points, the aggregate of all which during one
third of a century did not exceed a few weeks.
His average time of labor in his office was
fourteen to sixteen hours per day. His re-
ports on our laud system are the text-books
of emigrants, and have done more to com-
bine and utilize information from all sources
concerning the public domain than any other
agency under the Government. He has ren-
dered special services of the highest value
during an official service the commencement
of which antedates the birth of some of us.
Thus, under the laws of Congress allowing
claimants under .Spanish, French, and British
lilies to institute suits against the United States
to obtain the confirmation and recognition of
their claims under the Governments which pre-
ceded us in sovereignty on this continent, there
were instituted'some one hundred and sixty
or one hundred and seventy suits, individual
claims, the Baron de Bastrop and Don Jos6
de Valliere for millions of acres, and others
for hundreds of thousands, down to claims of
lesser extent. In all of these cases Wilson
prepared the cases in detail, giving the facts,
historical outlines, the laws, and decisions bear-
ing upon each. The records of the Land Office
show all this down to 1846. The reports were
addressed to the Solicitor of the Treasury upon
calls from the latter for the United States dis-
trict attorneys. The result of all this was to
lead to the rejection of all such titles as in-
dicated, except two or three small claims, and
the vindication of the United States title to
millions of acres; among others may be men-
tioned the claim of the Marquis of Lewiston,
grandson of George Law, which was defeated.
With all his long public service, I say again,
he never has received a dollar except his small
salary, has never speculated in laud, has stood
like a wall against thieves ami plunderers, and
always east his official influence for the people-
against land-grabbers. Measuring his services
apart from the natural collection, which is an
incident of great value to the Government, he
has fully earned the sum now proposed to be
awarded.
Now, sir, in reference to this collection, the
very document which has been read here, got-
ten up under the inspection of the gentleman
for a particular purpose, shows that the friends
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
were levied upon to bring specimens from all
parts of the country here to Washington. I
myself have been laid under contribution.
Now, I admit that the mere red-tape part of
this work has been paid by the Government,
but the genius which carried into execution the
plan has been that of Mr. Wilson ; and the
result is a magnificent cabinet, a cabinet that is
worth intrinsically a half a million of money,
and for scientific purposes of inestimable value.
Now the gentleman would rob Mr. Wilson
of the credit due him for his great labors in
this behalf, labors to ascertain the value of
which I need not go to some obscure clerk of
the Land Office. I know, of my own knowl-
edge, that this man- has labored incessantly,
sending out circulars setting forth the import-
ance of the object he had in view, and seek-
ing assistance from all quarters to enable him
to perfect it. I would not detract from the
credit due to Mr. Edmunds in this regard. I
thank him for the services he rendered in
starting this thing. But the great success of
that magnificent museum, not equaled for geo-
logical purposes by any other in the world, is
entirely due to the continued efforts of the
late Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; I have but a few
minutes. I point to the fact that this man for
forty years has faithfully labored in the ser-
vice of the Government, and after giving the
best years of his youth and manhood to the
service of his country, instead of treating him
when he is dismissed that service as a good and
faithful servant, instead of doing as any civil-
ized Government on earth would do—give to
him a pension to support his declining years—
he is cut off at once, and then it is proposed
that when there have been extra and merito-
rious services like those to which I have re-
ferred, we will not recognize it by the payment
of the miserable pittance proposed in this bill.
I believe in economy, but I also believe in
justice. I believe in some generosity and in
some magnanimity and in some nobleness on
the part of the Representatives of the people.
I have no doubt there are many gentlemen on
this floor who are ready, when we come to the
proper part of this bill, to rise in their places
and add their testimony to mine of the value
of this work, and the propriety of Congress
recognizing it in this way.
Mr. KELSEY. I would inquire if this
"poor man," for whom the gentlemau makes
such an affecting appeal, has not been assessed
for $75,000 worth of real estate in this city?
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the reading of
the bill be gone on with.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the compensation and expenses of the com-
mission for determining the pending Questions be-
tween Great Britain and the United States, $25,000.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out $'25,000 "
and inserting in its stead " $80,000." My
object in moving that amendment is to call
attention to the fact that this House has not
had an opportunity of expressing any opinion
whatever, which might either strengthen the
hands of the Administration or express the
opinion of the American people with reference
to the work to be done by this commission. I
had intended, if I could have obtained the
floor, to offer a preamble and resolution, which
1 think embody the opinion of two thirds of
the members of this House, as follows:
WJiercas i| § manifest destiny that all portions
of the North American continent and the islands
adjacent and geographically pertaining thereto
must, in the course of time, be associated together
under one federal government; and whereas com-
manding and patriotic statesmanship requires that
these inevitable annexations and changes of alle-
giance should he so carefully prepared and facili-
tated that they may be ultimately consummated
without fraud, violence, or shock to either the moral
sense or material interests of the world: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, That the declaration by the high commission
soon happily to assemble in Washington of the abso-
lute power and right of the colonies which lie to
the north of the united States, and now owe alle-
giance to the British Crown, to at any time withdraw
such allegiance by a vote ot' a majority of their in-
habitants, and seek such othernational connections
as they mightelect, would be hailed as an act of high
amity and wisdom which must greatly allay the un-
happy irritation now existing between the United
States and Great Britain.
I now withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
To defray the expenses incurred by the United
States legation in Paris, in protecting the subjects
of the North German Confederation in France dur-
ing the war between France and Prussia, including
extra compensation to the secretaries, messenger,
and use of carriage of said legation, $-1,000.
Mr. WOOD. For the purpose of eliciting
some information in reference to this para-
graph I move to amend by adding '-pro-
vided that the amount shall not be reimbursed
by the Government of the German empire."
It will be observed that this paragraph pro-
poses to appropriate money for the protection
of the subjects of the German Confederation.
I assume that that Government is abundantly
able to defray any expenses necessary for the
protection of their own subjects in Paris at
this time. I assume that the German empire
does not require the United States to disburse
money in Paris for the protection of their
own subjects and citizens. I have therefore
moved this proviso, which I will withdraw if
the gentleman from Massachusetts, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Dawes,] can satisfy me of the neeessity
of appropriating this money.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is aware of
the circumstances under which this extra ex-
pense was incurred. At the outbreak of the
war Germans applied for, and at the request
of the German Government received, protec-
tion from the United States legation. In this
way a good deal of expense and labor was
incurred. The German Government offered
to defray all that expense; but our Govern-
ment thought it would be a small business for
us to go into an account with a foreign Gov-
ernment upon such a matter, and preferred
that we should pay the expense ourselves.
The German Government is entirely willing
and ready to pay the expense, and has offered
to doso; butour Government thought itwould
not be altogether becoming for us to ask a for-
eign Government to pay a part of the expenses
of our legation. That is the reason this pro
vision has been inserted in the bill.
Mr. WOOD. In view of the explanation
of the gentleman, I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For live-saving stations: salaries of two super-
intendents of tho live-saving stations on the coast of
Long Island and New Jersey, at $1,500 each, iS.OOH.
For fifty-four keepers of stations, at $200 each,
810,800.
Mr. HAIGHT. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause last read the following:
For pay of six experienced surfmen, to man each
boat at the life-saving stations on the New Jersey
ooast, from December 15 to March 15, to be appointed
by the keepers thereof, at forty dollars per month,
$2,160.
Mr. Speaker, I suppose there will be very
little objection to this proposition. Its human-
ity must appeal, I think, to the consideration
of every member of this House. I am per-
suaded that the omission of a provision of
this kind was an oversight on the part of the
Committee on Appropriations. It will be
remembered by most of the gentlemen on this
floor that during the last session, when the
sundry civil appropriation bill was before the
House, I offered vki amendment very similar
to this, which was afterward adopted. Under
