780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
aod trial herein provided for: Provided, That when
any officer shall have been ordered for trial before
the civil service board, and suspended as aforesaid,
then the President, if such officer had originally
been appointed by him, or the head of Department
by whom such officer may have originally been ap-
pointed, shall designate by special commission some
euitable person already in the civil service to per-
form temporarily the duties of such office until the
case shall have been finally decided, and such person
so designated shall take the oath prescribed and
give the bonds required by law to betaken and given
by the person duly appointed to fill such office; and
tSe official salary and emoluments of theofficeshall,
during such suspension, belong to the person per-
forming temporarily the duties thereof, and not to
the person so suspended.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, Xhat any per-
gon belonging to that class of inferior officers whose
appointment is, or may bo hereafter, vested by law
in the heads of Departments, may be required to
serve in the branch and grade to which he may bo
appointed in any part of the United States where
the head of the Department in which he serves may
think proper; and in case of removal from one
place of service to another, the necessary travel-
ing expenses of such officer, to be ascertained and
allowed according to fixed rules, shall be paid out
of the Treasury.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted,, That the Presi-
dent and the heads of the several Departments may,
in their discretion, designate the offices in the sev-
eral branches of the civil sorvicc, the duties of which
may be performed by females as well as'inales, and
for all such offices females as well as males shall
be eligible, and may make application therefor, and
be examined, recommended, appointed, tried, sus-
pended, and dismissed, in manner aforesaid, and
the names of those recommended by the examiners,
as provided in section three of this act, shall be
placed on tho lists for appointment and promotion
in tho order of their merit and seniority, and with-
out distinction other than aforesaid from those of
male applicants and officers.
Sec. i5. And be it farther enacted, That the several
membeis of the civil service board first appointed in
pursuance of this act shall by lot be divided into
three classes, of three persons each, the first class to
be appointed for the term of four years; tho second
class to bo appointed for the term of eight years, and
the third class to bo appointed for the term of twelve
years, unless sooner removed in accordance with the
provisions ot this act; and that alter the expiration
of their respective term their successors shall be
appointed for the term of twelve years each: Pro-
vided, however, That whenever, by reason of the
death, or resignation, or removal of any member,
any vacancy occurs in the civil service board before
the expiration of the term for which the member so
vacating his office was appointed, then the person
appointed to fill such vacancy shall be appointed to
hold such office only during tho balance of the term
for which his predecessor was appointed.
Skc. 10. And be it further enabled, That when any
member oft he said civil service board shall be shown,
by evidence satisfactory to the President, to beinef-
ficient or guilty of misconduct or crime, or for any
reason shall becoiuo incapable or legally disqualified
to perform the duties of his offico, in such ease, and
in no other, the President may suspend such mem-
ber and designate some suitable person to perform
temporarily the duties of the same on such civil ser-
vice board; and in such caso it shall be the duty of
the President, within twenty days after the first day
of the meeting of the Senate next succeeding such
suspension, if such suspension happened during the
recess, or less than twenty days before the adjourn-
ment of thc^ Senato, or within twenty days after
sueh suspension, if such suspension happened during
the session and more than twenty days before the
adjournment of the Senate, to report to the Senate
such suspension, fogel her with the evidence and rea-
son for his action in the caso, and tho name of the
person so designated to perform temporarily the
duties of such othee; and if the Senate shall by a
direct and affirmative voto refuse to concur in such
suspension, the ^ivil service commissioner so sus-
pended shall forthwith resume the functions of his
office and the powers of tho person so performing the
dulies in his stead shall cease; but if the Senate shall
concur in such suspension and advise and consent
to the removal of the civil service commissioner so ,
suspended, or if the Senate tail to certify to the i
President their disapproval of his action before the j
end ot their session next succeeding the President's I
report of the case to tho Senate, then the President !
may remove such civil sci vice'commissioner, and, !
by and with tho advice and consent of the Senate, i
appointanothcr person tosuchoflice, to serveduring j
the balance of the term for whicl^ the person so re- ■
moved had been appointed: Provided, howcoer, That :
tho official salary and emoluments of a civil service 1
commissioner suspended as aforesaid shall, during 1
such suspension, belong to the person performing .
the duties thereof, and not to the officer so suspend-
ed; and such person so designated shall take the
oath prescribed by this act to be taken by the person i
duly appointed to fill sueh office: And provided fur-
ther, That tho President, in case ho shall become
satisfied thatsuchsuspension was madeoninsufficient
grounds, shall be authorized, at any time before sueh
suspension is acted upon by the Senate, to revoke
such suspension and reinstate such civil service
commissioner in the performance of the duties of his
office.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That tho salary of
each of thecommissioners composing tho civil service
board shall be ~G,000 annually; and that the civil ser-
vice board may appoint a chief clerk at a salary of
§2,000 a year, and two inferior clerks at a salary of
$1,200 a year each, and a messenger at a salary of $900
a year; and these sums, and the necessary traveling
expenses of the s^iid commissioners and clerl-is and
messenger, to be accounted for in detail and verified
by affidavit, shall be paid from any money in the
Treasury nototherwise appropriated; and the neces-
sary expenses of any person employed by said civil
service board as assistants in accordance with the
provisions of this act, to be accounted for and veri-
fied in like manner, and certified by the board, shall
also be paid in like manner.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That afee of five
dollars shall be paid by each applicant for office who
presents himself or is presented to the civil servico
board, and also a fee not exceeding ten dollars by
each person who shall from said board receive a cer-
tificate of fitness or of recommendation for appoint-
ment; or for promotion, or of seniority ; which fees
shall be paid to the chief clerk of the board, to be
accounted for and paid into the Treasury of the
United States on the first day of every month by such
chief clerk; and the said chief clerk shall give bond
by two sureties to the amount of $5,000.
Sec. 1U. And be it further enacted, That each of the
said commissioners, before entering upon the duties
of his offico, shall, in addition to the oath prescribed
ill the Constitution of the United States, take and
subscribe to the following oath of office: "I solemnly
swear that I will conduofc all examinations of candi-
dates for offices in the civil service of the United
States, and all investigations concerning their fit-
ness for such offices, with due diligence, tothebestof
my ability, and with entire impartiality, and with a
soie view to the best interests of the public service,
and that I will report the results of such examina-
tions and investigations truthfully, as the law pre-
scribes."
Sue. 20. Andbeit further enacted. That the general
rules and regulations to be made by the civil service
board in pursuance of the provisions of this act shall
be established by a vote of a majority of all themem-
i bers composing said civil service board.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That the follow-
ing officers shall be excepted from tho operations
of this act: tho judges and clerks of the courts of
the United States, the members of the Cabinet, the
ministers plenipotentiary and the ministers resident
of tho United States, and tho officers of tho two
Houses of Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. I am extremely anxious
that this discussion should be brought to a
close as early as practicable, and that we
should proceed with other matters of more
importance. During the somewhat protracted
remarks of the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, he has indulged in speculations of vari-
ous kinds, and pointed out, as he thinks, many
defects in the mode of administration of the
Government of the United States; but he has
not so much as bestowed a passing glance upon
the bill actually under consideration. He has
discussed a variety of general topics, political,
moral, and philosophical; but he has not said
anything about this bill upon which we are to
vote. I should have been glad for one to hear
his views on the subject itself before us ; but
on tho particular subject he has maintained a
discreet silence, while at the same time he has
interested us with the discussion of other topics
which would always be acceptable to me if I
liad plenty of time to listen to him.
The bill before us is very short, and I pro-
pose to say a few words respecting it. It is
this:
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any member
of either House of Congress, or Delegate from a Ter-
ritory, verbally or in writing, to solicit, recommend,
or advise tho President of the United States, or any
head of a Department, or of any bureau thereof, to
to appoint any person to office or employment.
That is very plain. It is a legislative pro-
hibition against any member of Congress,
whether ot the Senate or House of Represent-
atives, or any Delegate from a Territory, mak-
ing any recommendation for appointment to
office to the President of the United States, or
any head of a Department, or of any bureau.
Now, mark this :
And it shall be unlawful for the President, or any
head of a Department or bureau, to make any ap-
pointment so solicited, recommended, or advised, on
the privity of the applicant; and any person who
shall violate this act shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and, on conviction thereof, shall be fined
not exceeding $1,000: Provided, That this act shall
not apply to the action of Senators upon nomina-
tions submitted by the President to the Senate.
Such is the bill as it comes from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and I beg to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Illinois what
precise thing is meant by the proviso, "that
this act shall not apply to the action of Sen-
[ ators upon nominations submitted by the Pres-
ident to the Senate." I do not know that I
comprehend it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is aware
that the Constitution of the United States says
that the President shall appoint certain officers,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, I learned that many
years ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the proviso is to
except from the provisions of this act the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, which it gives
in its constitutional capacity to the Executive.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, with great respect
forthehonorable Senator from Illinois, I would
inquire what necessity there is for that proviso ?
Certainly the Senator from Illinois is serious
in inserting the proviso; but allow me to ask
him, in all sincerity, how it is possible that
under the Constitution of the United States a
member of the Senate, acting upon a nomina-
tion of the President properly sent in here, can
make himself amenable, criminally, for voting
"ay" or "no" upon it? Certainly the Sen-
ator cannot suppose that this clause is of the
slightest consequence, because the Constitu-
tion itself requires us to vote "ay" or "no"
on those nominations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Michi-
gan will pardon me for interrupting him; but
he certainly knows that it would' be very im-
proper to pass alaw making that a crime which
the Constitution authorizes a person to do. I
know that sueh a law would be invalid; but
we do not propose to pass a law—neither he
nor f would vote for such a one—in the teeth
of the Constitution; and therefore this bill is
so framed as not to be in the teeth of the
Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. But what I complain of
is that this proviso is totally superfluous. We
can pass no such law. We are prohibited by
the terms of the Constitution itself from pass-
ing any such law. Why then assume to say
that we do not pass any such lav/ ? What is
the need of it? Is it not purely superfluous?
The bill provides that—
It shall be unlawful for t'ne President, or any head
of a Department or bureau, to make any appoint-
ment so solicited, recommended, or advised, on the
privity of the applicant.
Suppose it should happen, after this bill
sjiall become a law, (if it shall become one,)
that the President of the United States sees
fit, upon the recommendation of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, in writing or verbally,
to make a nomination to an office and send it
to the Senate, and that the Senate should con-
cur in this nomination and advise it, and the
President should afterward formally make the
appointment and send out the commission;
the President, for doing this act, is declared
to be a criminal; he may be indicted for the
misdemeanor mentioned in the bill, in the
criminal court of this District, be brought
before it, tried, sentenced, and fined in the
sum of $1,000 for nominating a person recom-
mended by my friend from Illinois. - Would
not this be a curious spectacle to present to
the world ? " The grand jurors of the United
States inquiring in and for the body of the
District of Columbia, upon their oath present:
That Ulysses S. Grant, President of the Uni-
ted States, at the city of Washington, on a
particular day, did nominate and appoint to
a particular office John Doe, and he did this
upon the written recommendation of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois; that he did it
with force, arms, and by the instigation,"
perhaps 
Mr. NYE. Not of the devil!
Mr. HOWARD. By the instigation of his
own common sense. Certainly the honorable
Senator from Illinois has foreseen such a re-
sult. Would he not be the first to go into
court and justify the President against such a
charge? Would he not be the first to say to
the court that the right of the President of the
United States to make this nomination and
