1871.
THE CONGKESSIOJNFAL GLOBE.
1607
that amendment crews of snrfmen have been
kept at the life-saving stations on the New
Jersey coast since the 15th of last December.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it appears to me it is
only necessary to direct the attention of mem-
bers to this subject in order to obtain their
approval for this proposition. The peculiar
conformation of the New Jersey coast requires
that there should be a crew of surfmen at each
of these stations during this inclement season
of the year. A great portion of the shore of
New Jersey is separated from the main land
by rivers, bays, and inlets. Some of these
station-keepers live upon the main land, at a
distance of ten or fifteen miles from the beach ;■
andin casesof severe and stormy weather, when
these rivers and bays are frozen, it is impossi-
ble for these men to get to the shore in order
to render assistance to those who may be so
unfortunate as to be wrecked.
I want to call the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations to the fact
that since an amendment similar to this was
adopted at the last session of Congress there
have been a number of wrecks upon the New
Jersey coast, and in all those cases, with few
exceptions, the crews and passengers of the
wrecked vessels were saved through the in-
strumentality of these surfmen. I know that
under the provision of last year these crews
were placed only at alternate stations; and I
saw the other day in one of the papers of New
York city an account of a wreck occurring at
one of the stations where there was no life-
crew, and every man on board the wrecked
■vessel perished. On the other hand, wherever
the wrecks occurred opposite stations having
a life-crew, all those upon the wrecked vessels
were saved.
Of course every gentleman on this floor
knows what these life-saving stations are.
Under a law passed in 1852 or 1853, they are
located about five miles apart on the coast, and
it is almost impossible, in cases of storms
and wrecks for these crews to get from one
life-saving station to another. Now, Mr.
Speaker, by placing these experienced men
there, men who are familiar with the shore,
men who are practical surfmen, men who
are, so to speak, bred to the surf, they are
the means of saving both life and property.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it will be rec-
ollected that the provision which the gentle-
man from New Jersey has offered this morn-
ing was presented by him last year, and was
adopted by the House. It was an innovation
of the practice of the Department. The De-
partment has tried it for one year, and the
reason that it is not in this year is because
the Department has not recommended a repe-
tition of the experiment which the gentleman
has advocated. It is a question between pay-
ing men by the month, forty dollars a month,
and paying them by the occasion, which has
been the system heretofore. Whenever any
necessity for the rendering of service has
arisen we left it to the proper Department to
secure that service, and they who rendered the
service have been rewarded accordingly. We
propose to reward them according to the meas-
ure of the service rendered, and we have made
a liberal appropriation to be placed in the
hands of the proper officials for that purpose.
We appropriated last year under the gentle-
man's amendment. He now appeals to the
compassion of the House very properly and
eloquently ; but the question is whether the
system shall be carried out as a system in the
manner adopted by the people who have charge
of it, and growing out of the experience of
twenty or thirty years, or we shall take the
suggestion of the gentleman from New Jersey,
prompted by the kindest feeling, as it is. 1
think we had better adhere to the old way. I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. HAIGHT. 1 desire to propound an
inquiry. I understand the chairman of the
Committee OH Appropriations to say th$t there
has been no recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury for the continuance of this
appropriation. Is the gentleman aware of the
fact that the provision adopted last year on
my motion did not go into operation until the
15th of December last, and that no report has
yet been made of the advantages derived from
it? There has been no chance to make it to
the Secretary. It has proved efficient in one
or two instances. I venture to assert, when
there is a report from the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, showing how this system has operated
and the number of lives saved through its in-
strumentality, he will recommend its contin-
uance to Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I know that the operations
of the system have come to the cognizance of
our officials, and that they are of the opinion
we had better adhere to the old system.
Mr. HAIGHT. Has thegentleman any such
assurance from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury? Does he know that he is cognizant of
the operations of the amendment adopted last
year ? I claim that he could not possibly have
known its operations because it has only gone
into operation.
Mr. DAWfcS. I oppose the amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31, noes 48 ; no quorum voting.
Tbe SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Haight.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So (no further vote being demanded) the
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I move the following amend-
ment :
For pay of six experienced surfmen to man the
boats at alternate life-saving stations upon the New
Jersey coast, commencing at the first station from
Sandy Hook, from December 15 to March 15, to be
appointed by the keepers thereof, at forty dollars per
month, $10,030.
Mr. DAWES. Is not that the same amend-
ment?
Mr. COX. It only provides for half the ser-
vice of the amendment of the gentleman from
New Jersey for service in the winter season,
from December to March, when storms extend
along the coast of New Jersey. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts must know that there
is no part of the coast of the United States, or
any coast in fact in the world, so very treacher-
ous as the coastfrom Sandy Hook to Cape May.
It is owing to the unusual form of the coast
and to the fact that the shore line is not in
any sense the land line. Our surfmen are not
always on duty in the winter season. And
there is a necessity for additional service if we
would save human life and property by this
sort of service.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] very properly and kindly said that
this was a humane as well as a useful insti-
tution, and he complimented my friend from
New Jersey [Mr. Haight] for introducing it
here. It is a part of the civilization of our time.
From 1785, when the first life-boats were made
in England, t&ey have been considered as of
the greatest utility. By one society alone in
England ninety-two hundred and twenty-two
human lives were saved by means of this life-
boat service.
I hold in my hand a book which illustrates,
not only by picture but by the text, the amount
of human life which has been saved by this
service. By firing a shot from a mortar over
a boat a line is made and a car is connected
between the ship and the shore. On the Ayr-
shire coast, which is shown in the picture I
hold in my hand, two hundred and one persons
were saved at one time by these humane reg-
ulations. But, sir, the board of underwrit-
ers, the marine insurance people, the wreck-
ers themselves—all the kindly people, all the
commercial people of the city of New York
and of New Jersey and other parts of our largely
extended coast are interested iji this njost ben-
eficial service of life-boats. We need them
there, not merely to save life and property, but
to save life and property at the worst time,
namely, in the winter.
I hope, therefore, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] objects to the
larger service which my friend from New Jer-
sey has asked for, he will not object to this
semi-service. I hope he will consent to this
moderate and just proposition, and allow this
half service at alternate stations along the
coast in the winter season. There may have
been no report from the Treasury in favor of
this, although I think there is a difference
of opinion between the gentleman from New
Jersey and my friend from Massachusetts as
to that. The time has not come yet for a full
report as to what has been the result of last
year's legislation. But before we break down
the whole system by a neglect of legislation
this year, let us at least break it down only
half way, maintaining the service in the in-
clement winter season, when it may be of
great utility and will not involve any very
great expense.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I would not weigh a dollar
with the life of a man exposed in a storm, and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
knows that the opposition to this measure on
the part of the committee does not arise in any
desire to save money as against the perils of
the sea. It is only because those who have
charge of these appropriations believe that the
best method of maintaining this service is that
of paying for the occasion and the. necessity
when they arise. But I do not want to antag-
onize with my friends upon such questions as
this. I therefore withdraw my opposition, and
am willing to accept the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and I beg to
say that I did not by any means impute to
him any lack of humanity.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cox, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following under the head
"revenue-cutter service:"
For fuel for twenty-four steam vessels, §125,000,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to sub-
mit here a very humble amendment. I wish
I could make it larger and have it in order.
But to avoid having the point of order raised
I am obliged to make a very humble one. I
move to amend by adding to the section just
read the words "which fuel may be obtained
from any part of the world free of duty."
Mr. KELSBY. I must make the point of
order on that amendment that it is new legis-
lation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The amend-
ment I submit is in order. It simply pro-
vides that fuel for these steam vessels may be
obtained in any part of the world free of duty.
Mr. DAWES. You cannot make this pro-
vision without changing the law.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who is now in
the chair will not rule me out on the point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
fielb in the chair.) The Chair, although not
because its present occupant hails from Penn-
sylvania, sustains the point of order. ^ What
the gentleman proposes is new legislation.
Mr. WOOD. I desire also to offer an amend-
ment to come in after the paragraph which
has been read. Before offering it I will
preface it by stating that it is of far more
importance to the people of the United States
than this whole bill together.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman state his
amendment? ,i
| Mr. WOOD. I am stating it, if thegentle-
man will permit me to do so.
] Mr. DAWES. I wish to know what amend-
| ment tbe gentleman offers.
